Matthias Miller  00:42
Look Me. Okay, all right. Um, well, where do you want to start? Do you want me to

Speaker 1  01:00
Yeah, where, where did we end up that we decided we should just talk to Dwayne.

Matthias Miller  01:07
Let me. Let me see if I can just run you through what we're thinking doing. The basic problem is, is, how do you what, what things do you apply tax to or, like, what amounts for rounding and for all this other kinds of stuff? My proposal, our proposal is that whenever you incur fees, like beginning of the month, or you're adding a mid month, late fee, or something like that, you group those rows together and and you actually add a sales tax liability row that goes with it that keeps track of the sales tax for that whole thing, so when you make a payment. So when you beginning of the month,

Unknown Speaker  01:51
you're speaking of in the in the

Matthias Miller  01:54
contract, yeah. Okay, go ahead. So the beginning of the of the month will incur rent and we'll incur dwf, and we'll calculate tax off of that, and then your payment. As far as calculating tax in the payment, when we publish receipts, we don't actually publish receipts for tax on your payment. You have tax on the fees that were incurred, and you're making payments towards those fees and that tax. It's like a the, the equivalent that I use for Seth is, you go to the local corner store and you get $200 worth of groceries, and you say, I only have a have a 20. Well, you you run the charge for, I mean, they give you a receipt with $200 of groceries plus tax, and you give them a 20, you come back and you give them another 20. You come back, you give them the rest of the money. There's no tax on those on that second 20, or the rest of the money, the $170 or whatever you end up giving them, that's just payment towards the original invoice. And so yes, when you're making a partial late fee payment, we are going to, I mean, yeah, we might, we might figure out, I like if you want to pay your late fee, but not like this fee, but not that fee. We might figure out about how much tax you should be. You know, your late fees about $10.20 or whatever, because that's about what it comes out to. But in the grand scheme of to figure out how much money we should take from you, but in the grand scheme of things, a payment is just payment towards the fees that were incurred. And then when it comes to reporting sales tax, we'll do something similar. Be like, Okay, well, we know that the actual tax that we owed was this much and the customer paid this much money, therefore we're going to remit this much sales tax. Effectively,

Speaker 2  04:10
this sounds like a visibility question. Is that?

Matthias Miller  04:13
Right? It's a well from an

Speaker 2  04:17
accounting it's not really an accounting question. It's not really a transactional question. It really comes down to a visibility question, isn't it?

Matthias Miller  04:26
Well, it is, it is. It is a bit of a of a numbers question, because, I mean, what are the other options? Other options are, you make a payment of $500 and you add tax on top of that, and you figure out what to do with the tax rounding errors. Or you you make a payment on two contracts, you add tax on top of that, and figure out what to do with the round what to do with the rounding errors. So this basically solves the rounding errors for it. So that's part of the question.

Speaker 2  04:48
So what you're saying is we in whatever fees, Damage Waiver fee and rental fee that's all incurred, and we're going to, we're going to post the incurred tax, and then what you pay against that. It is, you're just paying against it, paying against it, rather than trying to figure out, rather than trying to figure out, you paid me $100 and so I got to figure out what part of that is tax, and what part of that is payment, what part of that is fees,

Matthias Miller  05:13
and what blah, blah, blah, yeah. And then what happens? Because when you do $200 payments plus tax, it could end up two cents more. And like all that notion.

Speaker 2  05:23
So then the question regarding cash versus accrual when it comes to sales tax reporting is really just a reporting question on when we field it in the report.

Matthias Miller  05:34
Well, effectively, when we look at, I mean, it's just basically when we look at this period, if it's accrual, then everything's due immediately. If it's not accrual, then we look at that period and say, well, basically, I mean approximately what percentage have they paid already? And that's what's due. And so you just, effectively, you just incur a percentage of that as being due based on what they paid so far.

Speaker 2  06:01
Okay, well, this, this goes again to my visibility question, because if you're going to run reporting, and the natural inclination of human beings is to, if they ever start to question the reporting, is to go, here's my calculator. I have $75 times tax rate percentage. If that doesn't total out, you're going to have people questioning what you're doing

Matthias Miller  06:22
on the sales tax reporting. Yeah,

Speaker 1  06:26
well, RTO Pro is not totaling out. Oh, it's not no. And the first time we checked, one of the rows was off by a cent.

Matthias Miller  06:37
Like, I think people with sales tax reporting should know that you're summing lots and lots and lots of transactions, and as a result, I mean, when I filed sales tax, there was anything you could write off, anything under $1 so it's like, you just, you did this, you put everything together. What did you What was it? What was it gross? What was it non taxable? Subtotal, times tax rate comes out to this, and then what did you actually collect? And then do the difference? And as long as you're under $1 you just put in over under payment by $1 and the state eats the difference. I don't have

Speaker 2  07:12
a problem with your I don't have a problem with your structure. The only thing I'm going to ask is that you document how this actually works in the wiki. So because what's going to happen is somebody's going to question it one day. Do you think I'm going to remember this conversation? Probably not. So being able to go find it and say, Oh yes, that's exactly right, right? This is how, like, here's how we're incurring them. Here's how it's this is happening. Here's what's happening with payments. I mean, because at the end of the day, nobody really, wants to go through this conversation from a client standpoint. They they don't want to, they don't want to go through and understand all the mechanics of how we incurred something, paid something, if I can very quickly explain the structure of it, then it's, it's, it's easily resolved. So I don't have I think your I think your methodology is correct. I think you incur your fees, you incur your tax, you incur your rental payment, all of that's incurred, and then dollars paid are are just you're essentially working with a balance.

Matthias Miller  08:13
The really weird thing is, if somebody makes $100 payment against the rent payment, and you go in and you change the tax jurisdiction, for example, from non taxable to taxable, then the customer is going to scratch their head and be like I thought I paid I only had $100 left. Well, the truth of the matter is that if you went in there, which you only did by hand, by the way, but if you went in there and did that, you're basically altering an invoice that they made a payment towards, and so of course, they're going to be due. I think it's correct. I think it's defensible. I think you shouldn't go back and do that, or you should do it at your own risk, but, but it is a head stretch or situation,

Speaker 2  08:55
a change like that, shouldn't affect already incurred months, though, should it?

Matthias Miller  09:02
I'm saying, if you go back and edit an incurred month, gotcha? I mean, the blood's in your own hands, whatever. Yeah.

Speaker 2  09:12
I mean, there's in the process of working through art with RTO Pro for many, many, many years. There's, there's all these little nuances you run into like this, because at the end of the day, you have to make a decision on on the ones and zeros, on how they're going to process themselves. And as long as, as long like people will get like it might be different from what they might have been used to in RTO Pro, we're going to be a lot more stringent as to on because we're we have to handle this alongside of accounting and some of this, some of this, has been some of the best conversations I've had with clients. It's like, yeah, you could do this over an RTO Pro, but the problem is we have to, everything has to work and jive with accounting structure, because we're going to go and stick that into accounting by accounting impact. And so it's like, you suddenly see the light going. In their eyes and realize, Oh yeah, it would be nice just to have a loosey goosey account or RTO management, but the moment you got to stick it alongside of accounting, we kind of have to respect some rules.

Matthias Miller  10:14
But I think, I think it's a fun little there's a fun little beckoning to the industry to kind of grow up a little bit like, like, it's almost like, Wait, you guys, don't make your accounting match your business. Kind of a the

Unknown Speaker  10:33
accounting is right, once a week.

Matthias Miller  10:37
Well, for some companies, once a

Unknown Speaker  10:39
year. Some people once a month, some people once a year.

Matthias Miller  10:43
Yeah, all right, good. Well, if you're happy with that Seth, is that all you need from

Speaker 1  10:56
are we thinking we actually incur tax rows? Right?

Matthias Miller  11:02
I think we have to either encourage I think that's what the makes. Makes the most sense. We have to either incur tax rows or find a different way to bundle them. But I think incurring tax rows honestly makes the most sense.

Speaker 1  11:15
And then when you make a payment, How do you calculate? How you calculate your tax balance? Are we actually also incurring Ed sales tax paid row, then we're back sort of

Matthias Miller  11:25
to that reverse. I mean, you, you would look at your sales tax row would say, how would that be? Well, your balance owed.

Matthias Miller  12:05
If you want to show what's owed on a per fee basis, you basically have to squirrel away, break it down into its parts, and squirrel the rounding difference away on either whatever gets paid last or the biggest fee.

Speaker 1  12:26
Biggest makes sense. Biggest makes sense where it's gonna work the best. That's what we've done. Yeah? Insight, I think I

Matthias Miller  12:36
didn't think about that from a payment standpoint,

Unknown Speaker  12:42
yeah? Because I'm sure, yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:46
I think, I think it's something like that, which is weird, because now you have this weird cross referencing. Because

Speaker 2  12:56
I don't, okay, I have a different question, what happens when we go to floating due dates?

Matthias Miller  13:05
Nothing, nothing. These. A floating due date is just, it's just a payment with tax, like there's nothing.

Speaker 2  13:11
So essentially, under the hood, we're still going to, we still think in whole periods, but where you are in the process of paying those whole periods is just a due date move.

Matthias Miller  13:22
It's a variable date. It's a variable length period, basically, okay, right? Seth, I'm not sure, yeah. I mean, that's how I'm thinking about it. I mean, normally you have monthly periods, but you can have but effectively you have a period that's tied to how much money you pay. So you can have a one day period, or if you want to pay ahead 180 day period, whatever like cares.

Speaker 2  13:49
So okay, then the next question is, how is this going to shake out when you, if you go from being on a monthly period down to a bi weekly, or weekly,

Matthias Miller  13:58
you still pay tax on every payment. I mean, if you go bi weekly, it's possible, depending on your tax rate, that you'll pay five or, you know, $1 less in your contract over the lifetime of the contract, by paying monthly instead of bi weekly or vice versa.

Speaker 2  14:15
We just you don't, you don't foresee an issue with your structure on on the way that you're incurring and paying these fees to be an issue when you start to when you start to change the period length. Or under the hood, are you saying you're still going to think in monthly period? From

Matthias Miller  14:38
an accounting standpoint, you really do want to still think in monthly periods, and so if you pay less than if you if you pay a partial month,

Matthias Miller  14:58
I'm not sure about floating due dates. So if you prepay, you really don't want to. It seems like with the prepayment, you should incur the rent into the future, far enough that you can make a payment against those future months, because the rent still isn't incurred until the month that you actually rent the building.

Matthias Miller  15:30
If I have a 12 month contract, and I pay six months of that, and I don't pay anything else, I'm just paying you 506 months of cash.

Speaker 2  15:40
I just, I have this little sneaking suspicion we may end up where NetSuite is that. But say they don't support, they don't support floating due dates. It's always, it's always in a fixed period. It's not necessarily a bad thing. It would simplify things a bit if we, if we, if we never thought in floating due date concepts,

Matthias Miller  16:05
I think there is a world in which you could do a floating due date, like a late fee extension, basically partial payments Give you a late fee extension. And so if you pay 10 days of the next month, or if you if you pay a 10th of your or if you pay a fourth of your next month's rent, we defer your due date by a week, or we wait to incur a late fee for a week, and so it gives you the essence of a floating due date. But under the hood, we would keep incurring fees on a monthly basis. I'm not even

Speaker 2  17:00
gonna pretend to understand what you just said. And that's not, that's not to say, that's not to say it wasn't, it was correct or incorrect. I'm struggling to wrap my head around that.

Matthias Miller  17:11
Okay, here's a very simple thing. You need to pay $200 January 1, February 1, March. March 1. 200 bucks, if you don't pay your full $200 by February 1, you're overdue. You know, February 5, you're overdue. We charge you 10 bucks. Slap you with 10 bucks. Well, we have this little late fee deferment feature for every, for every, for for every. Sa $6 that you pay us, we'll, we'll wait to charge you. We'll, we'll give you a day of grace on your late fee, so it's still due on the first and it's still technically past due, but we won't slap slap you with the late fee as long as you keep paying us $6 every day. A and as long as you pay the full month's rent, you stay ahead of that $6 a day before the next invoice comes around. So it works like a floating due date to the customer. Internally, is just a late fee deferment. And

Matthias Miller  18:28
internally it's, it's technically past past due. We're just waving late fee it's like a special grace. Well, this is

Speaker 2  18:36
going to be a little bit of a fun head Spinner for for, I think, for RTO people here in our office, because I don't think we're making the wrong decision by by doing fixed periods and then kicking the can down the road to figure out the the floating thing. I just want to make sure that we're not setting ourselves up for a structure that may make it more difficult to do that in the future. Because I do think there's a lot of value in supporting the floating due date concept. Because if you go look through, if you go look through RTO pro right now, there's It is rare to find someone who's due on a on a payment cycle, like on a first or a 15th, they're all over the place.

Matthias Miller  19:24
And I think we may need to have, that's where it gets a little tricky. It's almost like a it's almost like you end up with an accounting due date and a customer due date kind of thing.

Speaker 2  19:41
I mean, I think there's a lot of value in I do worry just a little bit about surprise late fees for customers who didn't quite make their. Their full payment into the next period. And they're like, Well, you know, because a float, a floating due date, would say, let's say I'm due on January the first, and I paid myself all the way to January the 28th in their mind, well, their next payments, you know, not, you know, it's but come if they didn't, if they didn't move all the way up until that point. Well, guess what? You incur? You incur a late fee rather than, rather than having your next late fee showing up in the 28th that shows up exactly on the first just like the other one did. So I mean, it's, it's as long as it's as long as our RTO people understand it, and they can, you know, they can defend the position that it's really like, I feel like, I say this all the time. It's like, we have to be defensible. That's the that's the big key in this whole entire process. If I can, if I can tell a customer or an RTO client something that doesn't sound like I'm trying to blow smoke. Well, many times people believe you just as long as we're defensible,

Matthias Miller  21:05
yeah, and defensible without undue confusion. I mean, I think, I think externally, you can publish it as period, you know, the period start date, or period end date, or something like that, and have a, you know, please pay by x date to avoid, but, I mean, but if they don't pay enough, they're going to have a wouldn't understand how this isn't creating it, how this is creating a new issue, like, even with floating due dates, if it's only through the 28th they still have to make another payment by the 28th so payment by the 28th to avoid lead fees. And if they do that, it's a

Speaker 2  21:45
little bit okay, let me. Let me frame the conversation this way, I'm due on January the first, and I pay January and part of February, like on my next, my next payments technically due February the first, because we're on a fixed period, because I paid half of it, but I'm still on February the first, and I don't pay that. I incur a late fee on the 10th of February because I'm not fully paid for February yet, even though I've paid half of that month. Whereas with a floating due date, you would go to February the 15th as a due date, and then you're the 20th. No, sorry, the whatever. 10 days after the 15th is 25th

Matthias Miller  22:29
Okay, run the scenario again, if

Speaker 2  22:31
you I'm due on January the first, okay, I pay a payment and a half. Okay, because I paid a payment and a half, my next payment is a days, but I say I'm doing January 1, so February the first, if I'm on fixed periods, I paid a payment in half, but I'm still due on February the first.

Matthias Miller  22:50
You still have to pay the rest of the second, right? Right?

Speaker 2  22:53
February the February the 11th, if I don't pay in between there, February the 11th, I incur a late fee. Right? With floating due dates, I incur a late fee on the 25th of February,

Speaker 1  23:06
but with what Matthias was describing, then you get, you have your 10 Days Grace. But then you also you paid half of February, so you get an additional 15 days, great 15 day grace.

Speaker 2  23:17
If you did, if you did, you're described, would you describe it as a late fee deferment? So you, you push out the late fee threshold.

Matthias Miller  23:26
You're you're buying Grace days, and you watch yourself. You paid half a month, so you get 15 days of grace.

Speaker 2  23:32
I think that could be a little bit hard for to I'm a little bit afraid about RTO people, rep or customer service people wrapping their heads around that one. I think we could get there. It's very it's very easy for a lower educated person to say, you always 10 days after your due date is when you're you incur a late fee. So moving that date makes a lot of sense.

Speaker 1  24:04
I mean, I think Matthias idea earlier, but accounting due date and the customer due date could do that okay? Because if you're paying forward, then, well, you just automatically calculate, well, okay, fine. Normally, I'd be due February 1, but we paid extra last month, so it's the customer due date is now this, and we could calculate late fees based on customer due date.

Unknown Speaker  24:31
What shows on the record in my in my scenario of of due on January paid a payment and a half. What does the record show

Unknown Speaker  24:45
as a duty? We can show the customer due date.

Matthias Miller  24:51
So you would under the hood, you would incur rental fees for January, January 1, rental fees for January 2. Why do we

Speaker 1  24:59
even need an account? Mounting duty. Why can't we just have the fixed periods keep coming,

Matthias Miller  25:05
and then yeah, and just have due date calculations either look at one of the Yeah,

Speaker 1  25:10
that's not why. How is that a problem? I'm trying to like, is it? Can't we essentially just do floating duty? And it's not going to be like, we will just automatically incur stuff under the hood, because that's how we think about it.

Matthias Miller  25:27
The caveat is that, technically, no, when you get amount,

Unknown Speaker  25:33
how do how does your amount do work?

Matthias Miller  25:42
Well, you basically say that every time. You always make them you always tell them on a floating due date. You always tell them that they're they need to pay a month of rent. And

Speaker 1  25:57
then when we go and pay, we allocate to whatever it needs to actually go to

Matthias Miller  26:02
and you constantly are like, on your you're always have a half months of rent on your books does not paid, which I would actually argue is correct. On the first of the month, you are incurring that revenue. They are renting it, you're choosing not to elect until later, not until later for business practices. So you're going to post half of it onto AR, and it should be cleared out towards the end of the month.

Unknown Speaker  26:41
It feels sane to me, but I don't,

Matthias Miller  26:44
I don't know Dwayne, I think where it gets really complicated is saying that we don't want to post revenue until they pay. But they are renting. They do become liable on the first on the period every single month they are renting, they must pay. It's just, we're going to tell the customer, we just have flexible payment terms, basically, like, as long as you stay ahead, you know, stay ahead of the of the wolf or whatever, we're not going to charge you. And we're going to tell you that you always owe a full month's payment on flexible due dates. And we're going to tell you that you're always a month out from what you paid through, and that's what shows. That's what you see when you put the contract under hood from an accounting basis. It's, it's like, I mean, I don't know how I mean, I

Speaker 2  27:33
Yeah, okay, let me ask another curveball. Okay, so this will become a thing at some point in the very, very near future, rent only payments. This is something that PD brought up to me where. So the scenario is, you incur a payment. The customer says, Man, I just can't make my payment. Okay, fine, no problem. We'll move your due date for a rent only amount. So whatever the rent portion is of the cash price, plus rent, whatever that smaller rent portion is you pay that will move your due date forward. If you have a, if you have a month that's been incurred, and you move the due date. Obviously, I'm, I'm thinking we would, we would pay this by a because it has no contract balance. Implication, it's, it becomes another fee. It's, it's some type of other fee, right? What happens under the hood, though, with that incurred month that you just said, we moved now forward. How does that work?

Matthias Miller  28:40
I think fundamentally, you still have to keep incurring rent every single month that it literally is rented. And you just say, you just every payment going into the future, just bought you, bought yourself extra time on and when we when, when you ask what's owed. I mean, you just look at that to calculate.

Speaker 2  29:03
So are you saying so essentially, you're saying something very, very similar on regular due date moves as well. So if I'm if we start the contract on January the first, and every payment incurs on January the first into the for the 60 months of its lifespan, any due date and move in there under the hood, we're still going to think that that that month was incurred on January the first, but you bought yourself some time by moving that due date, and at some point we're going to make that up. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  29:29
I mean, you're going to you're going to stop. Basically, what's going to happen is, at the end of that, let's say you have a 36 month contract. At the end of the 36 months, you're going to stop incurring revenue, because they're done renting. Now they're going to start paying down on AR to catch up on these extended grace periods and move due dates that they have, and you're going to pay AR down to zero. And once AR is zero, I'll give you the building.

Speaker 2  29:56
Dude, you we are going to mess with some people's heads. It's right. It's 100% right? But holy cow, this is gonna, this is gonna mess with some people's heads.

Matthias Miller  30:05
And every Phillip is gonna love us, though

Speaker 2  30:09
100% Jonathan Stiles is gonna love us. Philip is gonna love us. PD is gonna love us. But there's, there's a whole bunch of rent to own people out there that are just gonna go, What are you talking about? It's like, Hey, bud, welcome to accounting 101. We're not

Matthias Miller  30:27
in the wild west anymore. Man,

Speaker 2  30:29
it's time to run your RTO company like, like a real, real company,

Matthias Miller  30:34
like a real company, put your big boy company pants on and

Speaker 2  30:38
man, well, every, every single accountant is going to love us. Yes. Oh yeah.

Matthias Miller  30:44
And I think side note, if you want a little referral network, boy howdy, let's go get some accountants on our side.

Speaker 2  30:55
Good. I'm just going to get to sit down and educate my sales guy, because this is, this is this is a key it's a key component. I think that I love it. I love the fact that we're going to, we're going to produce a product that forces you to do better with your with your processes, with your accounting processes. We're gonna No no, let me rephrase. We're gonna attempt to force you to do better with your accounting process. There'll still be those out there that don't

Matthias Miller  31:35
we'll give you the tools too. At least, at least

Speaker 2  31:37
your revenue and your expenses are going to be right for everything that we automate.

Matthias Miller  31:47
I like it. All right? Anything else? Nope, anything else. Seth, I still

Speaker 1  31:54
need to pick your brain a little bit. Yeah, on how, how we do the event surgery, but I think, I think we have what we need.

Speaker 2  32:02
Okay, here's, here's the deal. I said yes to your structure. It's up to you and Matthias, then to I don't, I don't need to be a part of that conversation. That was my thought. Okay, all right, I'm dropping out.

Matthias Miller  32:14
I'm late for another call. Seth, so let me hop over on that one and then get back.

Speaker 1  32:20
Okay, thanks. Just ping me when you're ready. You're ready. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai