Speaker 1  00:22
Hey, good morning, Michael. How are ya? Hey, good morning, Ben. Well this morning

Speaker 2  00:30
Yeah, doing well doing well gotten some snow here and drove my kids to school. It was a little sloppy, but we are. We're kind of used to that.

Unknown Speaker  00:42
The fresh snow over the weekend.

Speaker 2  00:45
Yes. fresh snow indeed. Hatori. Good morning. How are you?

Unknown Speaker  00:50
I'm good. How are you?

Speaker 2  00:52
I'm doing well. I was wondering, I know you live in full so right. Yeah. Yeah. Does that make you more of a Kansas City Chiefs fan for football or like a Texas team? Middle?

Speaker 3  01:10
I'm not gonna lie to you. I don't really have a football team.

Speaker 2  01:14
Okay. Just curious. I was like, there was a big game last night for Kansas City. So I was like, I wonder if that would be a race team or not. Your team? I have been a lifelong Pittsburgh Steelers fan. I was born and raised in Pittsburgh. So that's been my hometown.

Unknown Speaker  01:34
Oh, nice.

Unknown Speaker  01:36
But they're kind of terrible, right?

Speaker 3  01:40
Hopefully they'll bounce back. You have a team Michael.

Speaker 1  01:48
Give them a little bit like you know, if I, if I had one, they would probably be the one like with a slogan the beers are back or something like

Speaker 3  02:04
I have a person that is in the league. So it's kinda like whatever team he goes to.

Unknown Speaker  02:09
Oh, Seahawks? Okay. There you go loyal to family first, I like it. So

Speaker 2  02:21
today is our one game. The deadline. So I've got quite a few leads to call today.

Speaker 3  02:29
Yeah, I sent out a little email blasts on Saturday. And I did get a few responses. They said they'll call me today. So

Speaker 1  02:43
great idea. The same to see what comes out of that one. Usually, usually at the tail end of, you know, promotional is usually the last day is usually pretty active. But, you know, this could be an exception, but typically, that's the norm so excited.

Speaker 2  03:06
I do think that fella that has that role, large building that we've been working back and forth with Michael the custom roofline. He is definitely a committed client. So I'm expecting that paperwork to come back today just to, you know, form formalize his agreement on that sale. He was visiting the property this weekend, he's gonna take some pictures of it and either email them or text them to us for just to have an advance of a site check. I know he'll get a site check, because it's so big, but he was just kind of walking the property and just doing his final inspection before he pulled the trigger on his building.

Speaker 1  03:50
Good. Yeah. Refresh my memory on that one. That one was a big cash sale. Is that right? Yeah, it's

Speaker 2  03:58
a big cash sale. It's a 14 by 40, black, smart sided building. It's got all those interior paneled walls and it's going to have a lean to style roof instead of the A frame. Upgraded breaker box, a ton of you know, electrical throughout the building, you know, a little bit of electric in each room that he created. So it's a pretty nice design. Honestly, he's an investor. And I believe this is like, he owns land and he's using it either for like, Airbnb, or a cottage rental. Sounds like it's in the kind of the mountain regions of Virginia. Good. Yeah. Oh, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  04:55
No, sure. Gus, you finish up.

Speaker 2  04:57
No, I'm done. I don't have any more to say on that one. Oh, I'll send it all your way as soon as he signs it.

Speaker 1  05:03
Perfect excited. So he's he's like, you're saying he wants to he was given a promotional and that he's wanting to cash in before the end of the day or was he? Was he one that was you know, separated from that promotional?

Speaker 2  05:22
No, he actually was kind of cool. I offered him a 10% promotional and then I leveraged the point five to discount some of the interior doors. So it looked like it was more of a product discount. Yeah, so he he's waiver all Yeah, yeah, his discount is going to equate to 10.5% but I just split it up as far as the way the line items are written on the invoice just to kind of play the better sales game. So

Speaker 1  05:55
good. So I thought maybe we could circle circle around and talk a little bit about one of our not so favourite subjects may female has couple of weeks about RTO. So did you get did both of you get this is sort of a much talked about subject for the last while. But did did both of you get an email from Cricket Valley or Leanne about to do sales that were made that she was seeing cricket Valley rejected over the weekend? Did you get those?

Speaker 3  06:35
I did get this court message from her regarding the customer. Clifton clicked under him that was rejected. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  06:46
He likewise

Speaker 1  06:48
as are as well. Hmm. So I thought two things we can I'd like to just talk through this just a little bit and hear from you the situation for each one, see what our options are. We can look at this as very, you know, disheartening, or we can look at it as an opportunity. And I think, you know, possibly more positive to look at as an opportunity to improve let's let's let's find a solution for this. But obviously, we need a quick a quick win here. But a long term solution seems to become more and more prominent. I'm under the way I'm understanding is, it seems like with economics the way they are, things have shifted just a little bit for our do companies. I know in the wholesale account that we've been with for years, as has been making comments just this year that they are getting a whole slew of repos coming back. And they seemed like Rendon companies are starting to get a little edgy and trying to make decisions to lessen their risk seems like they are getting a little uneasy about 2023, late returns and so scrutinizing is much harder than they have for the past five years, and I think is part of the shift, what we're seeing this now does not discount our need for improved. of offerings. Now, I think we can learn we can get we can think about this in two different directions. And I think as we talk to customers, let's be pretty. I think it's probably worth our time to think this through pretty pretty deeply as we dive into conversations learning from them, if it is anything that points towards them having any sort of dwelling etc. The Rendon company's probably going to frown on pretty hard and a very good chance going rejected at that point, probably try to push them towards the financing options and see if we can move in that direction if possible. And if it's if it's over 15k, that pretty much indicated at this point, you're going to reject it again, try to push them navigating that nicely and keeping that customer informed to move in that direction as you go through the sales probably the right thing to do. But because we do have better options, we'll implement those but we just don't have that right now. And that would be sort of my viewpoint on this until we have a better option, not trying to make ourselves believe it or the customer that we are going to get them approved if we move over those two thresholds of 15 or any sort of welling living in it for our do. So Laurie, talk to us just a little bit about the Clifton Durham thing they're saying. Let's see the note I had was reviewed and rejected the contract due to two it says or contracts do not allow for dwelling in the end interest, the delivery address is a trailer park and cannot be assumed. So they're saying, oh, because we see where it's going, or they're gonna live in it. So we're just not going to be able to do that. What was the conversation like on that? And what did you should do we have from Clifton as to the usage and what was the

Speaker 3  10:24
the, the usage was for like a man cave she shed. And I did ask the question if he plan on living in it, and he said, No, but I mean, everything points to the fact that the addresses of the trailer park but yeah, I had no idea that he was gonna live in it thought it was just going to be like a hangout spot.

Speaker 1  10:44
So okay, do you what do you think are the chances that one, he would be open to explore financing options with us into that? He may have read it to where he would be could possibly get approved. Distributor conversations.

Speaker 3  11:04
Yeah, so not too sure. If he has the best credit. The conversation kind of just went immediately, excuse me immediately to rent to own. I did give him a call this morning. couldn't reach him, but I will reach back out to him and see if he will be open to exploring financing. But I'm not 100% Sure on his credit.

Speaker 1  11:27
Sure. Good, I guess we'll see where that goes. I'd love to. I'd love to hear that. How that goes in if that's possible. On Ernest Oliver Smith 26 million reviewing they're saying in reviewing this contract, it is a $20,000. Building as indicators of the cottage vacations of a cottage cricket valor initiatives reject the contract and other Finance Board. How did that conversation go with the customer and what was the customer saying their usage and

Speaker 2  12:07
sure that Ernestine is a senior she lives with her daughter. The building is going on her daughter's property. They're on a wooded lot. So they're clearing trees and preparing landscaping to put this building as a entertainment space and more like a living room for Ernestine so that she has, she's not sleeping in it. She's not using it for a kitchen or a bath or anything that she would need to dwell in the building. She's kind of just using it as extended entertainment space for her own friends and crafts and things like that outside of her daughter's house, but on her daughter's property. So it's a it is a cottage, but it's more recreational it's not a living space, no bedrooms or anything like that. She has agreed to prepay starting in July, the amount of her monthly payment through October. This building date was moved because she cannot get the trees that she needs cleared prior to October. I think they're scheduling they scheduled her like the last week of September for some tree removal. So she's willing to put money down towards that 20,000 Because it's over the limit. We had a phone conversation about this last week, Ernestine and I so I think she's a great candidate for you know going back and reconsidering because she's so willing to pay money down early and you don't bring her her balance down closer to that $15,000 threshold by the time the building is actually built. And it is not used as a home. It was no there's no intention for her to use it as a home for my understanding it's a recreational space in her name her daughter what it sounds like her daughter's home is a in a development with new construction. So they have new construction around them neighbors around them that are building homes as well. So it doesn't make sense to me that it would be a home that she would live in.

Speaker 1  14:25
But it makes sense to communicate with Leanne on this that it is an entertainment space or Luca customer and the customer is willing to prepay funds before delivery to to gain some traction on that for gaining confidence on the history etc for the building. And just just confirming that no negotiations can be made there before reaching out to the class. Seems like you do have a pretty compelling story on that. And if it's out, you know, I mean, we're talking to a lie you made it sounds like there's plenty of time for some discussion point on it, to see if if there'll be some willingness to negotiate there.

Speaker 2  15:13
Yes, Michael, I agree Leon is. So the conversation I had with the customer was on the 26th. And I relayed to Leanne, that, you know, the customer had agreed upon early payments, and that the building is the build date had been moved back to the fall. Then on the 28th. This past Friday was when Leanne or over the weekend reached out about the rejection. So I don't know if I need a phone call just to kind of clarify.

Speaker 1  15:43
I think that would make sense. Okay, I think, because discussing that, and telling her the exact situation, and describing the willingness of the customer, limit the risk of the RTO company and workable and willing to prepay and push this building out. And I think it would be well worth the time to talk about that since there's so much both willingness and time to work on this, just to confirm we it's according to Lian, and you probably know better in talking to this, that it doesn't look like they're probably the best candidate for finance thing. Do you? Would you? Would you agree with me and statement there was? Do you concerned with different opinion

Speaker 2  16:30
Earnestine is concerned with financing. The customer's concern with financing is that because she's elderly, she didn't want to go that route, she doesn't want to have a loan, it's going to take 10 years to pay off. She'd rather have a loan that takes a couple years to pay off so that she's done in that, you know, it's an asset to her daughter's property. By the time she's at an age where she isn't around anymore. That was her thought processes that she wasn't confident in using green sky even we talked about it. But she didn't like the the length of the terms. They were too long in her opinion. So I think she was just being cautious to her age not

Speaker 1  17:17
follow that next step once and see where that goes. Hopefully we can find some.

Speaker 2  17:20
Yeah, that sounds good. And another thing Michael, it is pushed back quite a bit, you know, it's July that she'd started her payments, and the building won't even be constructed till October. I don't know if we have other things that you are researching for, you know, higher limits and higher thresholds regarding our to and we may want to be swinging her to a different provider, if that's a better fit. You know, by the time summer rolls around, I don't know how aggressively we're headed that direction. But I would be in favor of kind of keeping the conversation internal with Leanne and those that need to reconsider it and not making an immediate outreach back to Ernestine for maybe even a month or two just to see if we can find other alternatives that we want to work with and in general, just because we're selling bigger buildings at higher ticket prices

Speaker 1  18:12
I think that makes a lot of sense. Just maybe also notating the order to maybe monthly bring it up again and talk about that again and see where we're at. I think it makes because of the

Unknown Speaker  18:26
sounds good. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  18:27
So have we just confirming on this one just wanting to confirm that since it's out that far. It is like entered as a legit you finalize the order on this one right. So it would be sitting on one of the builders priority reports to get built. I assume without checking into that that is that is the case it is a finalized order right.

Speaker 2  18:51
Yeah, totally finalized order. Would you like the order number I can grab it real quick.

Speaker 1  18:57
I I do have it here. And it just seems like I need to make sure that the builder gets notified not to build that one just to make sure

Speaker 2  19:10
sure. Yes, there the deadline was updated in assist to October 15 It was originally

Speaker 1  19:20
okay. And then as far as Clifton Durham it looks like probably we should give a little heads up as a freeze on that one until we confirm what direction we go in that one probably for you Tori. Okay, that one sits on the builder or do report as well. highlight that one.

Unknown Speaker  19:45
Is there something that I need to do on my end?

Speaker 1  19:51
No, I don't think so. If you'll just keep me posted. Like you know ASAP as you as you talk to this customer of why What's happening there how that conversation is going. So we sort of can navigate that properly. And I'm just going to ask the builder to freeze that one until further notice. Okay, we'll leave it there as a legit order until we hear from you.

Speaker 3  20:16
Okay, sounds good. The customer actually just gave me a call. So right after this call, I'll give him a call back.

Unknown Speaker  20:26
Okay, perfect.

Unknown Speaker  20:33
How are you least looking this morning?

Speaker 2  20:36
You're good. I have four guests that I think I you know, I'm far enough along in the quote process with them that they could be closures, but two of them are fighting for hoa hoa approval. And then the one guy is the big house that I know he'll sign. And then the third guy is waiting for the date when he can close on his house. So he was hesitant because he didn't know what his date was. So but they're all really strong leads as far as their interest in truepoint. And as far as buildings go, I'll be honest, though, Tori, I had a really hard time getting people on the phone on Friday. I was not expecting that I even tried like my calling later in the day type of thing. And it was just a ton of voicemails. And then those that did answer, were very, very uninterested. Almost like please take me off your list and have a conversation. So it was a little bit of a dud wasn't expecting that means that I had to call so my hope was I did stack today quite a bit. I have about 40 phone calls that are all qualified or quoted. So they're they're not new these tried to push the newbie calls out until the first week of February here. Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Try to get everybody that's already in the system, I guess. Right? How about you? What did you notice or anything that Friday's quietness just kind of hit me odd? I was not expecting that.

Speaker 3  22:06
Yeah, I had a few people answering Friday pretty pretty much early in the day, I was trying to morning thing. And I did get a couple of people on the phone. I have a guy that is supposed to be calling to make his payment today. He visited Hampton Ville about a week ago. So he was just going through the permitting process. And he said whether or not he is back, he's going to pay Monday. So okay, that was good. And then other people just waiting on permitting. As far as responses, I got a few through emails. So just trying to see if these people want to, you know, go ahead and close out. While we still have this dog on another day or so.

Speaker 2  22:48
Agreed. Michael, we reach out to you if there's a case by case basis, then anybody that has an HOA or a permit that drags them over the finish line. I guess we'll just reach out if their quote included a 10% off if we would still honor that throughout the first week of February, if they were, like really serious and just waiting on waiting on an HOA or waiting on a permitting office to approve. Is that fair?

Speaker 1  23:17
I think that's a really good question. So today's Monday the 30th we were going to end that on the 31st tomorrow. All right, where is it today?

Unknown Speaker  23:26
Yes, end of day.

Speaker 1  23:29
Yeah, the 31st. So what I was wanting to propose this is just internally that if there are special situations like that, where you there's legit reasons why they couldn't literally finalize your clothes, and it concerns like, you know, situations like that, all I think we would really need to do is if they are willing, if they're willing to sign just signed their name, like as to make it a legit order, in that sense sign the name we would give them we'll give them another seven days to make to get the funds in allowing them to do their thing, whatever, but just literally, if they can give us a signature, anything that has a signature by the end of the day tomorrow we'll give them another week three days to get us the money that's necessary and maybe helpful if you do I mean if the unforeseen happens and it would be super if it did this afternoon you started getting you know and people wanting to deal and you couldn't like literally get it all done. You could you could quickly get signatures and then circle back to finalize the payment stuff the next day if you need to just to help out there if you have to, but that's

Unknown Speaker  24:54
okay. Sounds like a plan.

Speaker 3  24:57
Yes, it does. Do you get a lot of leads over the weekend with incoming leads? Wait nine? Yes,

Speaker 2  25:03
six. Corey? Just six.

Unknown Speaker  25:07
Okay. Yeah, if you want to send three you can I don't have any.

Speaker 2  25:10
Oh, no, I probably still clocked in on Friday. I'm sorry. No, you're okay. All right. Why? I'm almost through them all. So I'll just finish them up. I only have three left. I'm so sorry.

Speaker 3  25:24
No, you're okay. It seems like a little slower weekend than normal. This past weekend.

Speaker 2  25:29
Yeah, a little bit. Are all good. All right. Michael, thanks for all the guidance this morning. appreciate the support as we go through these special contracts. We'll keep you posted on how the calls go today, if any questions arise, for sure. Give me a call.

Unknown Speaker  25:50
Yes, absolutely.

Speaker 1  25:52
Let me know if there's any. If you need me today. I'll try to be I'll try to be responsive.

Unknown Speaker  25:58
Sounds good. Thank you. Thank you. Marissa, have a great day. Bye bye. You too. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai