Speaker 1  00:00
Not every accountability structure in business is a feedback loop. So if you're starting with tactical delegation, tactical delegation by itself is a tight feedback loop where somebody else watches you, you know, if you wanted to go that way, pause, do model, then somebody watches you do it. And it's a really tight feedback loop, then you loosen it up and you watch them do it. And then you loosen it up and you go look at the results of what they produce. And then you loosen it up and you start monitoring the outcomes and you loosen it up and you start evaluating more and more. And then as as you go up your chart and further tree, you're, you've got greater cycles, feedback loops based on the reliability and the predictability of the system. So the less reliable a system is, the tighter feedback loops, you gotta have to automatically error Correct. Or if it's of low consequence, if it goes rogue or sideways, then you don't need a tight feedback loop. You can just let it go. You know, go where it wishes. The issue with you look at this as a sliding scale. So for example, if you have somebody who is rogue then you need to tighten the feedback loop. If they make a mistake, then you just need to implement a feedback loop. And if you're a micromanager and they're actually more reliable than what you think then you need to loosen up the feedback loop or expand it and, you know, allow more space and distance if it's actually dialed in and working and so understanding that from a concept of scalability and from a concept of delegation, layers of workshop is is a really helpful perspective of how to apply feedback loops in the business. And so the same thing happens with marketing tests. If you're doing a wild off the wall test, then you need tight feedback loops to make sure that it's actually working and if you're, if you're doing shore shot tests, then you can loosen it up. So maybe maybe you're tweaking though the 1% or something and you can you know, maybe maybe it takes less taken to close on that. Or, for example, you're testing a new product and you need really, really tight feedback loops. And that's why you encourage people to actually talk directly with customers. But then if you as it scales, then you can use looser feedback loops and you can put entire sales teams in place. And that's why, you know, that's why you don't want to mismatch, the scalability with the certainty so if you have a highly uncertain thing, you don't want to scale it because it it creates distance in the feedback loop and it creates a wild variance. Now, another observation, which I need to take take to heart is that any place where you see variance is a place where there's not reliability and predictability where there's not a process where and that's where you need feedback loops and you need to you not not only need feedback loops, you need systems and processes to implement and build those feedback loops. And there you go. That's it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai