Speaker 1  00:00
It would be great to go ahead and get the ball rolling with meeting agendas and notes. I would like to use Google documents because that allows us to do real time collaboration and editing. So I will be sending you a link to where you have various documents. In this folder you will see two that I want to keep. There's an LS shared, and a Josh that I want to keep. All the others shouldn't be moved into the archive folder. So keep the others but just put them in the entity archive folder. The basic format should be there should be a Heading One Style with the name of the meeting, or the person that you're with and your topic and then there should be a hitting two for the date. And if there's no data sign that could just be upcoming. And then there should be a section for something like agenda. And then a bulleted list of agenda items and there should be one for notes column with a list of the notes for our call this afternoon. If you got time to set one up for somebody else that would like to have is have all these names accordingly. So that the name says something like the faces media's dash, and then for example, Ellis shared in that case, and then the face is meeting dash, Josh for Josh's meeting and for Dwayne, I would like to have two liters one is drain software and blame marketing. So the call with Nick is going to be a software call. And they call with Alan will be a marketing call as possible that we'll have a sales item as well but that will be coming later as well. And yes, so let's let's go ahead and get started with that and then and then somewhere it would be nice to have a similar be nice, why don't you go just bookmark this and then be able to quickly pull it up and once I start referencing them, there'll be easy to access something it'd be nice that would easily access working just with a folder, or something like that in my browser. That should be good. Let me know if you have any questions. Oh, so then to further clarify how this work. I may text you message items to put into your put into a meeting agenda. You got it to the bulleted list. And then during the meeting. If you want to keep track of action steps and decisions. There's basically basically three three possible things to track from every meeting. One is discussion, things that we talked about. There's decisions, things that we've decided. And then there's action steps of who needs to own what exactly what it is. So that could actually be its own kind of format for the notes as well. If you want it to after the meeting. Once the meeting is done, then we need to be able to put these into influence or do something to make sure that these actually happen, things that are assigned to me. And then on the calendar also, if you could document this entire process of how these meeting agendas should work, put it in a wiki and assign it to your working procedure category. And then send it to me for review.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai