Matthias Miller  00:01
Welcome to pop in the desert where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith and the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host, Kevin David kridner, before, before we dive in, let's recap our three guiding principles. Number one, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We aren't here to win arguments. We're here to understand and third, we aren't here with preset agendas. We let conversations unfold naturally and we follow where authenticity leads us. So go ahead and pull up a chair, grab a drink, and let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So before we turned on the hit the record button. Kevin, you mentioned something, a statement that I made last week about the boring life that caught your attention and apparently has been boring a hole in your brain. If you

Speaker 1  00:54
want to right, right, go fully in.

Matthias Miller  00:59
So tell me what

Speaker 1  01:00
has been Yeah, no, it's, it's really, I mean, you know me well enough to know that there's, and there's no rhyme or reason to it, but there's, there's concepts, or there's ideas, or there's thoughts that may be considered intrusive thoughts, like they won't leave me alone. But these aren't like bad intrusive thoughts. These are like curious, intrusive thoughts. So I can't stop mulling them over and running them around in my brain, and then, like asking other people, what do you think about this? And, you know, that kind of thing. So that statement you made, like, you know, having the boring life, and like never, I wouldn't say never. Rarely before have I heard somebody say boring life and have a positive connotation, and I think that, like contrast, really, like laser focused my eyes on that. And so I don't even, I don't even know what to think of it like. I just want to hear more about your experience of the boring life.

Matthias Miller  02:14
Well, I mean, there's two places I would start. Number one, I feel like a lot of my drive for excitement, for novelty has been born out of some form of escapism. I hate my present situation, so let me go look at this. Look at that. Let me try this other thing, like maybe this will maybe this new achievement, or this new adventure, this new thing, will cure whatever this issue is.

Speaker 1  02:38
And I think kind of a self medicating in a in a very broad sense,

Matthias Miller  02:47
in a very broad sense,

Speaker 1  02:50
like this is miserable. I have a stomach ache. This is my Pepto Bismol.

Matthias Miller  02:55
Exactly, yes, yes. And I think maybe some of it is a reckoning in which, you know, there I do feel like there are strong cultural values. Of these are interesting things for people to be or to do, and what happens when you find yourself and I think boring to, you know, boring varies so wildly from one person to the next, I can't remember if I shared this story in the podcast, but somebody was, I remember somebody talking a story of somebody talking to a bookkeeper, and it's like, Wow, that must be terrible. Like working with numbers all day and, like, same thing, same thing. And she's like, No. Like, you never know what you're gonna find. And it like the human experience is so broad in terms of what is boring, what is exciting, what is fun, what is tolerable, what's stressful. So that's kind of angle A, and angle B is. I remember reading orthodoxy as a kid and him talking about how, how tolerance of repetition is a strength, not a weakness. And he's like, the kid that you take a kid, you throw him up in the air, and he laughs, and he says, Oh, can you please do it again? And you do it like 50 times, and the first person to get tired is not the kid, it's the adult. And compares it to creation, where it's like, he calls the sunrise. I'm probably paraphrasing and getting details slightly wrong. But he calls the sunrise heavens encore. It's like, Okay, do it again. Do it again. Yesterday was great. Do it again. Let's repeat. And I think, I think if I want to add a third element here, and then we'll let you tease this all apart, I think also part of the challenge, I think part of the challenge many humans face in their development is, how do I get a wide enough breadth of experience to really find the things that through whatever mechanism or metric suit me or fit me? And if, if, for many of us, that's not a single event, it's a you get to the end of a season, whatever that looks like, and you end up looking to reinvent yourself in some capacity, or things change, you evolve. I think of different people that I've heard about, different people who've achieved, by whatever, by external standards, high measures of success early in life. Credit it to having been able to stumble upon that thing earlier in life, like 10 or 15 years, earlier than most people and and so that's also an interesting you know that quest is also part of that equation there? So, wow,

Unknown Speaker  05:50
yeah, there's so much. There so many strings I want to pull on to me what you're describing, like the the what

Speaker 1  06:03
excitement was for you, potentially, like the different options of what excitement could be, if it is a stomach ache, you know, and or my present circumstances are not what I would Like them, and so maybe this will cure it. Maybe this will cure it. Maybe this will cure it. You think at the end of that, maybe this, maybe this, maybe this, and none of it works, was that, that acknowledgement that, you know, I maybe I don't need all of this. Maybe I just need to deal with what's here and not busy myself.

Matthias Miller  06:45
There's a very kind of, you know, Ecclesiastes esque part of the journey where it's like, try this, try this. And then you get to the end, and you're like, you know, life. Oh, man, this, this sounds bizarre to say this in a positive light, but life sucks. Let's enjoy it like

Unknown Speaker  07:11
life sucks. Let's enjoy it.

Matthias Miller  07:16
Yeah, where's part of it? I've been part of of I've been around peers who would vehemently argue that point, and they're like, if life sucks and you're doing life wrong, I'm like, But you standard like,

Unknown Speaker  07:29
I I find the world are you living in?

Speaker 1  07:33
Yeah, is your life? And this is kind of like the theology I was raised in, from glory to glory, like, if you're not doing if you're not experiencing this joy, then you're doing something wrong. And in a certain point I look back at what life are you living in? Right?

Unknown Speaker  07:56
It doesn't make sense to me, because the assumption is like,

Speaker 1  08:05
if I am perfect, then I will have a perfect experience. But there's one big, shining example of that not being true.

Unknown Speaker  08:21
There was one perfect person, and his life didn't go too great.

Matthias Miller  08:28
Ended early 50% of life expectancy,

Speaker 1  08:31
like, right, right, and lots, lots of beautiful things throughout, but lots of painful things throughout,

Matthias Miller  08:42
well as you, as you're saying this, I'm realizing that I think the biggest medication is not actually the cure the sorrow or to cure the pain. I think it's cure the felt gap between the reality, the pain that we feel, and the glory that we anticipate. I think that, I think it's more painful. I don't know, interested in your thoughts. I think it's more more painful to live with this tension of world as it is to to be in a world where everybody paints it as being glory to glory, you know, like optimism and beauty and perfection and all this stuff, and to internally, have to constantly hide the fact that this is not your life. And why am I different? Why does this not line up? And I think, I think that may actually have been more of what I was medicating than the actual reality,

Speaker 1  09:34
than the actual experience, right? The gap is what you're medicating, not the actual experience seems like it. I don't know well to your point, the teacher in Ecclesiastes, like the refrain is, and it's very poetic, and it's very chiastic in its nature. But the the teacher is saying, like, Vanity of vanities, like, it's all vanity. It's all. Chasing after the wind like any come to this conclusion at the very end. Here's what I've learned, Fear God, follow His commandments. That's it. That's it. There's no promise this. This is probably, this may be the the I I don't know, the the experiential part of me, but like everything in me resonates with that, with Ecclesiastes, like he makes it a statement that if you chase the wind, you reap the whirlwind and that seems to be what we have experienced, this justification, this becoming this, I'm going to be enough. I'm going to achieve this is the life that's going to that I want. All that kind of stuff. It's like it ends up in a whirlwind. You find yourself in a tornado. And unlike Dorothy, it doesn't drop you off in Oz.

Matthias Miller  11:17
My mind's over here. Of like, man, there's got to be some kind of, like, there's, there's some kind of metal band, name song, name of wind chasers, whirlwind Reapers or something like that. Like, right? No, but like this, this, and I think the the interesting thing, as they've moved over into this space, you have to step out of the whirlwind, which is terrifying, because there's a sense of safety that we feel, mostly, I think, because of the herd mentality, like everybody's chasing. I mean, I have, you know, pick pick one. There's always something but pick one. I mean, look at the kind of the AI Gold Rush, mob and mentality right now and and there's people who have zero or next to zero worthiness or qualification charging insane amounts of money to do next to nothing in the name of AI implementation. And then you have other people who you know, who have legitimate skills, and they're using it as a foot in the door, and they say, we can help people who have AI and like, well, by the way, secret, you don't need AI right now. You need something else here and there. There was this interesting conversation online about the founder of software company, and a lot of these guys are struggling to sleep because, as agents come up, I mean, the classic threat is this, this, you know, 18 year old kid who's living with his parents and has can work 18 hours a day and is AI native and, like, it's a race, and it's, it's like, these guys are some of these guys, some of these founders are. They're throwing out any kind of work life balance. They're not. They're working weekends, nights and weekends. They're all in hope of not getting, not having somebody else beat them at their own race, right? And a friend of mine pointed this out, and he's like, I mean, just kind of raised, raising the question of, like, Is this really the life that you want? And when you're in that whirlwind, it feels so true. There is supporting evidence, like the threat seems real, and maybe the threat even is real. But the more that you step outside of that, the more you realize how many people like you have to step outside of the whirlwind to see the whirlwind, and you see how many people are chasing you. And I had conversations about this, like chasing, constantly chasing the more, right? And it's, it's a rat race,

Speaker 1  14:12
right, right, right, well, and I think about it because, I mean, obviously this is a big question in our world about AI. And, you know, I see articles about, like, is AI becoming a god, and, you know, all that kind of stuff. And I, I just think, like, it's a tool in our hands. And if human nature proves anything out, it is that some people are going to use it to escape and numb, and some people are going to use it as a tool. That's the reality of it. The majority are probably going to use it to escape in them.

Matthias Miller  14:50
Well, there will be some who use it to legally exploit other people, like there's all of these kind of

Speaker 1  14:58
suspense which in that. In that exploitation. It's not exploitation for exploitation sake. I think, I think it's actually utilizing it to numb a fear that they have, and it just so happens that their methodology is exploitation.

Unknown Speaker  15:17
Sure, that makes sense. Yeah.

Speaker 1  15:21
And so, like, I believe that that's the case for all of these things, for AI, for whatever tool it is that you want to see or you want to talk about, that's how it's going to be. And that's the that's the exciting life, right? There's twists and turns, and there's ups and downs, and there's problems and, you know, all that kind of stuff, like you're taking these things and you're using them to to numb the experience. It's the Pepto Bismol, because you have a stomach ache, you know kind of thing. And yet, what do you reap from that? More chaos, right? You just reap more chaos. So functionally, it's not working. So like, that's what was, I guess, now that we're talking about it. That's what was intriguing me about your boring life, was there's something really holy and sacred about it. There's something really beautiful there that the mass of humanity does not recognize as beauty. Recognize it as a threat. Like you have kids, how often do they say they're bored?

Matthias Miller  16:53
Very rarely, I can tell you that. And why is that? Well, there's two reasons. Number one, if they say that too often, there's plenty of things to be done around the house. So it's a very solvable problem.

Unknown Speaker  17:08
Oh, you're bored. I could help you with that.

Matthias Miller  17:12
Wink, wink. I mean, but, but again, it's, it's their it's their imagination. They have, they've got siblings to play with they. I mean, our oldest son brought a book home from the library, and he's, I don't know, 90 pages into a 300 some page chapter book, and he's like, he's all in and fascinated in this different world, and just can't get enough. And it's like, so that's my answer for that. But I know there's some place that you're coming from with that question.

Speaker 1  17:45
It's just like there's I get the sense that boredom, as we we classify it, or as we utilize it, has some sort of link to lack of community, lack of relational connection, lack of a true sense of knowing and Being known.

Matthias Miller  18:16
Right? I would so. I would echo that. I think, I think, I think it's first Well, first of all, I think it's, it's empirically provable that that's, that's true, or at least highly likelihood of being empirically and objectively true. But I think beyond that, just experientially, like

Matthias Miller  18:53
when I look at I think my story makes sense and my reactions make sense when I look at it. Make the most sense when I look at it from the context of community and belonging and knowing and being known, and in almost every situation, the chaos and the restlessness that I felt was an equal and opposite reaction to the lack of community, lack of knowing, lack of belonging and and so maybe the boring life really is, you know, there's something else around community and belonging that that really is counter cultural to much of The world that we live in. Because, if, if, fundamentally, friendships and community are born over communication at the pace of human communication. There is no gigabit download bandwidth for your mouth like like you have to speak words at a particular pace, and it's kind. Apt, right? Even if you speak very quickly, there is a limit, physical limit, to the number of words per minute you can communicate, which means that time becomes a critical factor. Time spent becomes a critical correlating factor. It's not the only one, but a critical correlating factor in the depth of community that you experience, which is why, I mean, I've got a group of friends who we get to get together with every other week for breakfast, and our goal is to get to we're going to be these 80 year old guys sitting in the corner of the diners. Yes. I mean, who knows what we'll be talking about then, and the specifics matter less, and what matters more is we're a band of brothers, and like, we're doing life together. And there have been periods where I've, quite frankly, been very unimpressed, but with their times together. But it's like, you show up, you build and cultivate that relationship, and over time, that starts to forge, and you can't I guess my point is, I'm getting a little long winded in this circuit that,

Speaker 1  21:18
yeah, yeah, there's no hack for that. There's no hack. There's no There's no hack for relationship, no, yeah, it reminds me I was 10 years old. I flew with my grandparents back to Michigan, small town in Michigan that my grandfather grew up in. It's called LC, Michigan, little farming town. It's for a family reunion, that kind of stuff. And one of the mornings, my grandfather says, Hey, we're going to go to the coffee shop and you can get a donut. I'm like, sweet 910, years old, like, the height of awesomeness, right there. And he shows up, and there's a group of guys, maybe five or 10 guys, all his age. He's probably in his 60s, 70s at this point. And this group of guys, and these guys started meeting in that community, at that shop, when they were, like, just out of high school, and they call themselves the liars club. And these guys, like, know each other. They've been there for decades now. They always show up. There's that, that community you know, like, like you're talking about. And I remember sitting there as a 10 year old going, like, just being utterly fascinated. Grandfather hadn't talked to these guys in over a decade, and yet slipped in conversation. Start the High School Story. Start. All the stories start. And I'm 10 year old just fascinated by it, like, where is that day you want to say that's in online communities? I don't know. I don't know if that's possible, but there's something slow and steady about this, about the boring life. I was talking with a friend of mine last week, we had lunch, and at some point in the conversation, he looked at me. He goes, You know, I'm pretty convinced of something. And when he says this, like, I'm all in I'm like, tell me what you're convinced. And he said he owns that. He owns a restaurant, like a chain restaurant, and he's done it for 1012, years, and he's tired, and that kind of stuff been very successful. But also kind of, what does it mean and a place? And I think the self observation comes from that he goes, I think majority of human issues come from the sense of urgency that this life is all there is. I've gotta grow. I've gotta become I gotta solve this. I gotta do this. I gotta accomplish this. I gotta all this kind of stuff. And he goes more and more, what I'm seeing is we have an eternity. We have an eternity to become God doesn't seem to be in a hurry. The nation of Israel spent 40 years in the desert. He wasn't in a hurry formation wise. And I don't think he's in a hurry with us. And if this is all there is then, yeah, there's a massive there's a massive sense of urgency, right? But if there's an eternity of becoming that's happening, an eternity is a very long time, there's no urgency. There's no. Reading just isn't if you think about that, and it really connects to that whole chasing the wind that the teacher in Ecclesiastes is talking about like you could spend your time chasing the wind, justifying your existence here, you could do that. What do you reap from that? What if you started to be able I'm not saying believe that this is true. What have you? As an experiment, started to think about allow the possibility to exist, that you have an eternity to become right? Maybe hell is that place where you live in this world, as if this is all there is, and you've got to get what you've got to get. And then you spend an eternity in that mode you got to get what you got to get. It seems very, very akin to CS Lewis's conception and of Heaven and Hell and the great divorce like hell is that place where you are solely focused on your justification and you can't live in community because you're focused on your justification. Mm,

Unknown Speaker  26:45
what if this is, if you're boring, life is truly

Speaker 1  26:56
sanctification, discipleship as Eugene Peterson would say, a long obedience in the same direction, right?

Matthias Miller  27:09
I've got this. I was not prepared for this, but I've got this picture emerging in my brain.

Unknown Speaker  27:14
Yes, get the get the board. We need visuals.

Matthias Miller  27:24
So this is the this is the last sheet I have as well. So I can't go to okay, too wild on this. But what's striking me in this conversation is I feel like and maybe this is part of the answer to some of this, this issue of boredom. But over the past number of years, I've I've heard the idea of the Lindy effect, which is basically a predictor that says that as long as something has been is as long as that is going to be. And so with all the talk of different forms of of transportation and different things like that, we've had roads for 1000s of years, you can reliably predict that even if roads are going to look a little bit different in several 1000 years, it's extremely likely that we'll still have roads in some form or fashion for the right for a few 1000. The internet is relatively young, but you can predict that we're going to have it for a reasonable period of time. But then, if you look at shorter timeframes, there's AI companies popping up, and for many of them, you can predict that, oh well, they'll be around for at least two more months, because it's how long it's been. And again, obviously this doesn't play out universally, but it's going to be rule of thumb for how long something you know, it gives some frame of reference around the stability of of something, right? And so much of what we see is okay. So if you think of at the bottom of this, if you think of any of an eternal God, we understand an eternal God. We already understand an eternal God to be eternal. But if you just look at this from the Lindy effect perspective, there is nothing that will exist longer than an eternal God, right? And you can go and there are certain things beyond that, like, if you want to think about the like, look at the redeemed human nature, that blueprint that's existed since the beginning of time. And you know that will, that will, you know you can predict that going into the future, you have the fallen human aspects of of humanity, which existed for a shorter period of time. But we. Will continue to persist predictably for however long we're here on the earth and but then you

Speaker 1  30:07
in the conception, sorry, in the conception, the following human nature has a starting point, right? So mathematically, it would look like a ray and not a line, infinitely in each direction

Matthias Miller  30:22
that's fair, and even with yes on both of those, exactly, yeah, yes, correct.

Unknown Speaker  30:30
Okay, just

Matthias Miller  30:31
making sure I'm sticking with your logic. That's fair, and, and, and so. But then let's go further up from there. Then there's things like human creation. There's cities, civilizations, organizations, things like that. Those have you know, those, those also have you know, well, they're actually they actually do, from what we read in Revelation, they will continue to exist. They'll change its form. But there is a new city, a new Jerusalem, a new whatever, in some form. There is that in Revelation uses language of I'm not looking to get escological here, but there is rulership concepts in there, right now. And so now go into the present age, where the further up you go, notice that the further up you go, the less fundamental it is, the more tangential it is. Up here, we have all kinds of different things. Like, if you look at just the world today in terms of, okay, we have, we have some things, let's choose technology. But you have some things like, like, you have processors, in some sense, that do all the calculations. You have some form of, you know, phones, etc. You go to apps all the way at the top and and you keep going. What happens is that at the very upper edges of this there's such rapid iteration that the predictability of how long anything's going to stay around is really low and and so two, a few things happen as a result of that. Number one, well, okay, there's rapid rate of change. There's there's a really, there's an incredibly, it feels fast paced because of the pace of change. You're, you're, you're, it's like the mile markers are going it's not even mile markers, but instead of mile markers, we have minute markers, and they're going by so fast that it feels like you're racing at breakneck speed, and so your your point of reference is off. Furthermore, if you don't have any context beyond that, it feels incredibly destabilizing, because you're not anchored to to the mile markers, you're anchored to the minute markers, right? And I think a lot of the challenges, and I think there's, I think one of the questions that we can ask ourselves is, how much time are we spending living in and around this? How much of our life is this interacting with? This is needed, and how much of this? How much of our life? Are we living up here in this rapid pace world and then trying to pull this dimension into that space to give us some sense of of sanity, right? I don't know if that makes sense.

Speaker 1  33:35
It does. The imagery in what you're saying reminds me of the Tower of Babel story, like this infinite building and building and building we're going to become, we're going to become, we're going to become, and it's urgent.

Unknown Speaker  33:53
It has to happen now, yeah, and God's like, that's not the way it's not the way live down here. Richard Rohr talks about

Speaker 1  34:09
the becoming like you spend your life building this tower, and then at some point you get to stand on top of the tower, you take a look out, and you go, this isn't what I wanted. He says, Why don't you just come back down onto the ground and live with the rest of us? You'll have community here. There's no community up here. There's just human striving, achievement, which in our in our secular world, that's the highest goal, human flourishing. But really, it's not flourishing

Matthias Miller  34:47
by no definition, right?

Speaker 1  34:51
It's competition. And you can say you're the first one to Mars. You can say you're the whatever you. Okay, and then what? Then what? The only thing you have is the next thing. I gotta keep going. I keep going going. All you have.

Matthias Miller  35:23
So the question is, if, if, if we look at this world from an eternal perspective, like there's this is just then, what is this life for? That's question number one. Question number two is, if you live down here, it kind of ties into that, though, what if you're not living from this place of constant, ambitious pursuit, or whatever you want to call it, I don't know right the right term to call it, what are you putting your energy into down here, maybe it's the same question, right?

Speaker 1  36:05
Yeah, if your energy is not going that direction, into becoming, by that definition, what are you putting your energy into? I

Unknown Speaker  36:27
to me, you only have one option. If there's not upward movement, however flawed that is, then there can only be horizontal movement, relationship, community, knowing and being known.

Speaker 1  37:01
Seemed to me, we were designed for horizontal, but everything in our fear nature wants vertical.

Speaker 1  37:16
Because once this breaks, however it breaks, whether you consider the Garden of Eden story or any other story in Scripture, or any other story ever written about this breaking the community, the relationship, whatever The the solution is upwards, right? And maybe that's why we have this conception that God is up here somewhere, and we have to reach him. When the entirety of the biblical story says God is here among us. He's here. He's always everywhere. He's not there, but we believe he's there, and all our language says he's there, up there somewhere in heaven, waiting us, waiting for us to be good.

Matthias Miller  38:18
Well, circus, morning. Obviously it is true, because we did see Jesus ascending up into the clouds, and he seated at the right hand of the Father. So therefore that's where it has to be, right. And, I mean, legitimately, obviously, that's, that's a that is a scriptural reference, like, like, there you go. But yeah, our entire conception of God, and where is he, and what is heaven, and where is heaven, and all of these things end up revolving around much of our, at least in my experience, much of the kind of Western, you know,

Speaker 1  39:00
thought, yeah, lean conception of right?

Matthias Miller  39:04
The man upstairs, you know, whatever terminology you end up using. So I have another question with this, where does I'm selfishly applying this to myself, because I have a project that's been in the periphery of my life for several years, and it's had a weight to it that's felt closer to something like life purpose than almost anything that I've experienced. One of the reasons I haven't done anything with it is because there's no obvious, immediate pragmatic benefit and no immediate urgency around it. And so it's realistically, if I really say I'm going to go do this, I'll probably end up spending, I don't know exactly what the number is, but, you know, let's make up a number, but it's, you know, I'm going to spend a. Um, 10,000 hours and or more, building a body of work that, and it's not clear what the payoff is. It's not clear. It's not even clear to me, how does this fit into knowing and being known? How does this fit into relationship? This is, this is a, besides, perhaps a journey with God and myself in the creation of this. But where does that singular and so I can see how this tension, this expectation of how quickly this should happen, how little work it should be, all of these things. I can see the I can see the I can see the expectation, and that expectation actually crippling me from committing to this thing and saying yes to it, no matter what it really ends up looking like, right? It's almost like the ambition has has an in or this, this reaching for, has this inverse effect. But how do you, how do you, where is the space for these things of created work, like there's, there's still this space for created work in the horizontal context, right? For some kind of doing in the space of that, right? So, what is, what does that look like? Does the question make sense? It does. It does.

Speaker 1  41:36
I think that looks boring. That's fair. I think it looks boring. So I think about my step into a classroom, and I'm reading where the students are, and I'm assessing and where we need to go, I can get really wrapped up with that vertical. Oh, I need to create this so they can do this, because it'll achieve this. And, you know, all that kind of stuff. And I can find my my internal world getting very chaotic in that moment. And I've learned, at least for me, that in that moment I need to drop everything, put everything down, and spend some time walking around the class, checking in with each person horizontally. How are you doing? Does this make sense? Do you have questions? You okay? And inevitably, there's three or four that are like, well, I don't necessarily understand this, then I get to spend time with that person on that concept, okay? And then move on to the next one. Like, at least for me, that like the boring life is that horizontal integration within that classroom, face to face with each student saying, Hey, how you doing? And I'm not even necessarily saying, How are you doing with the material, right? Like, how are you as a human being doing right now? Right? I'm here. I'm here. I maybe that's what the boring life looks like.

Matthias Miller  43:28
I think I've seen this. I've watched this play out in different business situations. And there's a world in which, okay, there's the there's the the boss or leader who's like, I'm above doing anything, so you do all right. I have a friend of mine who who wasn't able to make a board, board meeting for a board that she was part of, and just texted and said, By the way, my absence maybe because all the board members are like, they're used to not doing anything. They're just there to kind of guide and direct. And she's like, my lack of attendance is not an acceptance of any kind of work you want to shove my way.

Unknown Speaker  44:11
Like, right?

Matthias Miller  44:16
Exactly. The answer is, No, I'm not going to do that. And so there's kind of that aspect of it. Then there's the micromanaging of like, and in that world, it's like, I'm cheering everybody on to this grand vision. But then where things go sideways is that you're in this weird space of like, you want to drive towards a vision, and then people make decisions, and you don't like where the decisions are headed, and well, do you step in and you become an obnoxious leader who says, You made the wrong decision. Let's fix this and clean this up. Do I clean it up for you? Do I let you clean it up, which means it's not going to get cleaned up, because that person now is is kind of entrenched in their own decision and the shame and the difficulty of resolving. And all that stuff, the emotional attachment to their decision, all that. Then, then you have kind of the micromanager who's like, Okay, we're going to drive and I'm going to be obnoxious and annoying, and you're going to work harder. So you can give me 10 hours, give me 12, you can get it done two weeks. How you get it in one and so it's kind of that level of micromanagement. But then there's also the the style I've been happiest with both, well, I think there has to be a like, I feel like there's too little talk in leadership around the necessary hands on nature of it. And there's a world in which I feel like good leadership and good management can look externally a lot like micromanagement, right? Your walk around the classroom could be micromanaging,

Speaker 1  45:58
yeah, and if I'm, if I'm pushing them, if you're pushing them, in which it's not relational, would

Matthias Miller  46:08
you say that's the biggest difference between between micromanagement and and healthy healthy management?

Speaker 1  46:14
Yeah, yeah. Because I think fundamentally, we look at the very basic level of it. Love cannot be coerced, right? And if I find myself in a place of coercion, it's not love, it's control. So if I walk around in shame, each one of those students in the classroom, that's control, and there's a very specific reason why would control. We have to recognize that,

Matthias Miller  46:56
and most likely it's for your benefit, so that you're recognized as a good teacher, and you get promoted, and you keep your job, and your school gets your grants and your whatever,

Speaker 1  47:06
exactly, exactly. That's the dividing line. Now, if my intent in going around and I may handle this flaw, I may be flawed in my handling of this if, but if my intent is, are you doing? Where are you at? What do you need? How can I help? That's a different thing. It's a very different thing.

Matthias Miller  47:35
So, and I think many people, or maybe this is just my misconception, but micromanagement had more to do with the level of attention to detail, and and leadership is more to how little detail do you see. And if you don't see detail, then you are a leader. And if, if you do, then you're a micromanager, right? All right?

Speaker 1  48:10
Because bottom line, if I have to control everything, if I have to comment on everything, if I have to be critical of everything, that tells me something very, very important about the foundation or the the motivation where I'm coming from. Why do I need it perfect? That's a question we all have to answer in whatever endeavor you're in, if it has to be perfect, why? Why? Why is that to be perfect? Because we all have the very real, felt experience of living in this world where it's not perfect. We know it in ourselves and others and circumstances. We know it. We've experienced it.

Matthias Miller  49:18
Sometimes, as a parent, it feels like, Okay. I mean, first of all, it's very easy to fall into this trap of needing perfection, needing things to be perfect. At least for me, it also feels like you're in a constant battle against it's almost like there's some sense in which, as a parent, you're trying your best, obviously trying your best to help to give your child the opportunity to grow and to develop and all of those things, and you want them to become a respectable human being at the same time. If you look at the. The statements from the school and from the medical profession, and it's like your child is at the 45th percentile on here, which means that, I mean, statistically, somebody has to be at the 45th percentile. Did you not think about that? Did you right? But what about this other aspect of which they're the 99th percentile. We can't diagnose them because they don't fit X, Y and Z, but they share some of these traits. Oh, that's interesting. So you need them to be in a box, because there's a perfect child. Oh, and their scores are, are, oh, they're getting A's, or they're getting, they're pulling D's and, you know, whatever, like, it's like, in some sense, it feels like there's a world in which you're, you're you become the buffer between your child in the outside world, imposing these measurements on them while simultaneously holding the dimension to hold, Holding the tension of of giving them the opportunity to grow and develop skills and become better than they were yesterday and all of these types of things, right? Right, right.

Speaker 1  51:19
Yeah, yeah. And how often, as parents do we promote our child? They did this and they did this and they did this and like, Why?

Unknown Speaker  51:41
Why the PR campaign for your child? What's the subtle implication in that?

Matthias Miller  51:54
Okay, I have a question with this. Yeah, the drive and the need for affirmation. What, you know, I've heard, I've seen people who are just like man. I live off of just compliments and like Man, if I, if I mean something to you, it means the world to me. And it just gives me, you know, gas in my tank, and I could do things. And there's, there is value, it seems. I mean, it's, it's genuinely good to express value for other people. I've come to the conclusion myself, personally, I don't know whether this is this. Maybe this is part of the boring life where it's like, Yeah, can I just assume most people aren't going to give affirmation, and that most people either a aren't thinking about me or B really like me, and what I contribute and silence basically is like, I don't know. It's like, my expectation for affirmation, appreciation is basically, I don't know this is good. Maybe this is really unhealthy, but it's basically zero. It's like, like, I don't really expect you. You don't owe me anything. Like, you don't have to sell me Good job. You don't have to tell me Thank you. Like, I'm doing it because of me and because I care, whatever the thing is. So that need for PR for kids is that, are we training them to have a an appreciation threshold? Is it bad not to do that? Are we trying to satisfy our own need for appreciation? How do you make sense of what I just described?

Speaker 1  53:27
Right? Right are my kids. Is my identity wrapped up in who they are, and I need them to be something. You know, it's the Little League parent that has to have their kid playing shortstop, batting lead off, and gets really upset when that isn't the case. It not because I'm upset for the kid, but because how it reflects on me.

Unknown Speaker  54:16
These are things to wrestle with,

Matthias Miller  54:20
what seems like a chipping away. Like, at every juncture your your kid fails at something, of course, I mean, like, it's a multiplier. How badly do they fail, and how visible is it? Right? Like, that's the multiplier, and anytime that increases your tolerance threshold, there's an invitation, one of two things will happen. You will be humbled and realize that you've formed an identity around your child's performance, and you're trying to protect your own image and reputation. And you'll surrender that and figure out how, in the best way you know. How to walk alongside your child, to walk through this mess, or you'll up the ante for your child and be like, okay, like, you know how bad that felt to be embarrassed publicly fail in front of everybody. That's really terrible. You shouldn't do that again. Let's go practice 10 times as hard so that never happens again. And now that you've done is you've raised the child's performance. Hope you're attempting to raise your child's performance above your your pain threshold, so that never again will they ever cross that threshold for you, right? But you look at what it does in the formation of the child's identity, they start to understand that they exist to to to enforce somebody else's identity, right, right?

Speaker 1  55:46
And the amount of adults I've talked with over the years who are wrestling with that way into middle age and later on in life, I

Speaker 1  56:03
I had a friend who since passed away. He was a doctor. He was a dermatologist. And sweet guy, but he was in his 80s, and he would say this to you, if he was here in his 80s, was still trying to earn his dad's approval. Said been, had been dead for 30 years, but was still trying to earn his dad's approval, because nothing was ever good enough

Unknown Speaker  56:38
came from nothing, nothing. Nothing from the Bronx in New York tenements,

Unknown Speaker  56:50
became a doctor. Physician, set up his own practice. Very successful. Wasn't enough.

Speaker 1  57:02
He was driven by that vertical, that upwards. His life was anything but boring. In fact, he would intentionally create chaos in his life so it wasn't boring. Wasn't enough. Cars, money, houses, practice, all of it wasn't enough.

Unknown Speaker  57:36
How many times have we heard that story or seen it play out,

Speaker 1  57:47
that's the mantra of if you, if you characterize it as the kingdom of God Shalom or empire, that's the mantra of empire, just a little bit more, just a little bit more,

Unknown Speaker  58:09
and I will reach that place. But when you reach that place, if you do, I

Speaker 1  58:18
don't know which is worse, never reaching that place with that mantra, or reaching that place with that mantra. If you do, you can't rest there. You can't stop it's a little bit more.

Matthias Miller  58:40
So let's say somebody's listening and they're in that place. They know they're building for that. They know that identity like is wrapped up in trying to be something for somebody else. How like it can be such an engulfing feeling, such a like, from all consuming, all consuming. And you know your life with practical, it's practical demands are tied up in that. So, like, how do you even start? What do you even do? Like, what's something that's what do you even start.

Speaker 1  59:31
It almost has to reach its natural conclusion. You almost have to have some sort of breakdown, some sort of catastrophic event, which opens your eyes to the reality of what was happening. I don't know if in the midst of that process, that you could see it. Now those who are paid paying attention around you. You who care about you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, because there's a blindedness to it. There's a singular focus. And the singular focus is be this thing, and then you'll be okay.

Matthias Miller  1:00:25
I think the when you think in the context of color and sound, and I don't know, I don't know the thresholds of this. I do know for in terms of timing, when your eye can recognize movement, you know, it's we had a rule of thumb in software that, if it takes less than, I forget what it was, 20 to 40 milliseconds between the user clicking a button and doing and getting a response. You know, if it exceeded that threshold, then there should be some kind of status indicator to give them some sense of felt response. But that was the, that was the reaction time to say, Oh, the wait, what's going on? Yeah. And so new ones. And same with color, like we don't have. I mean, you can have subtly different shades of color and not be able to recognize the difference with your naked eye. Same with sound, you can have subtly different sounds and not be able to recognize them. But recognize them. It's almost like, in that moment, you're you're waiting for the the the noise to reach a point at which the contrast is so stark and so severe that you you can, you can see the difference. And up until that point, all you're seeing is this. There's there's these very subtle shifts, color changes, sound changes, slight delays, whatever that aren't they're too small to recognize and right? And because of your focus, your focus is elsewhere. You don't have that perspective on yourself. Other people see it. They see the shift. And it's not until it's almost like, not until the white goes completely black that you're like, Wait, this is black. Like, why is it black, right? Or, why is it gray now, like, it hadn't been, you know, you might start to notice when it's light gray. Now it's a really dark gray, like, there's something off, and then it goes black, and you're like, what just happened? Right?

Speaker 1  1:02:25
Right? Yeah, that's the perception. Like, I don't think you can see it until it goes black, because everything else is oh, I can shift, I can adjust, I can move forward. I can because that forward movement is so important in that ethos, in that mindset. I read this brilliant Post piece of writing. It was really prose, narrative, poetry, like it was. It was a great mixture of all those things together and the thesis of what this woman was writing was, for her, the experience in the world was it's better to be seen than known. And she went really deep into it. I know how to pose in a picture, so I'm seen. I know what clothes to wear because I'm to be seen. I know, I know, I know. I mean, this went on for for pages, and it struck me so much that like this is the motivator. To be seen is better than to be known. Known is the boring life, I think, yeah, seen as the exciting life. And if you're addicted to being seen, you probably don't know that. It's an addiction you may have. You know certain red flags, but do I recognize those red flags? Do I not? But I think there's a crash that has to come when you leave live in that it's better to be seen than known type of mindset. There's a crash. There's something that moves you away from that opens your eyes to it. I think of the book of Esther. She's hidden. She's not seen. She's hiding who she is. And then this moment comes where there's this plan to eradicate her people from the kingdom that she can't risk that unseenness anymore, so she steps into the king's courtroom, the pseudo Holy of Holies. No risking death, because she wasn't bit in there to say. Hey, this is what's happening, that that moment breaks her, and when she's broken, it's like, okay, I'll risk death for this. I wonder if, metaphorically, we all have to come to that point one way or another, and it'll probably look vastly different depending on who the person is. But if I'm addicted to being seen, and there's something that happens that opens my eyes to that being my addiction and the price I've paid and the consequences for that, then I'll be known.

Matthias Miller  1:05:47
The challenge is that the entire economic system depends on optimizing for being seen. Yes And and so there's some really interesting questions that arise with that. And I also find myself, I find that that's actually a significant tension that I experience with my I mean this, this internally, is that I feel like that underlies a significant amount of tension for myself. It's like the rules me too, be seen.

Speaker 1  1:06:30
Yeah, yeah. What if you don't want what if you don't want to be seen? What if you don't want to be seen? What if you're like a dyed in the wool introvert. And the worst thing could be to be or the thing that drains your energy the most is being seen. So you have this hide, you know. So there's, there's all sorts of experiences here. I was talking with this guy. He's, you know, well, steeped in social media culture and how to optimize and, you know, that kind of stuff. And he was talking about, like, the primary way, the best way to get visibility, get exposure, grow numbers on social media is to interact with other people's content and comment on it. The best way to go vertical is to go horizontal.

Speaker 1  1:07:39
And yet, if you if you're going horizontal superficially, or if you're going horizontal, infidelity, there doesn't seem to be a difference as far as the numbers go, as far As verticality goes, mm, really interesting. That's fascinating.

Speaker 1  1:08:19
Yeah, there there's this interesting tie to that moment in the book of Esther where she steps into the king's court without permission. And I think it relates to stepping into the Holy of Holies without permission, like that's a true sanctuary, God's holiness lives there, unless you're prepared to experience that holiness, you know not going to turn out well. But then there's the pseudo Holy of Holies, whether it's the Oval Office or it's Congress, or it's the court of the king, or whatever that you have to have permission to go in there, because He's volatile.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:15
I think this is interesting contrast. One is, do you like

Speaker 1  1:09:26
one at one the Holy of Holies, he wants to know you and be known by you. This one doesn't want to know you. Wants to use you. You

Matthias Miller  1:09:43
and also, and maybe it's not just maybe the volatility is not just wanting to use people, but maybe it's also having been used so deeply on the path there, and maybe it's also the pressure that comes from being at the pin. Goal. I mean, that's fascinating.

Speaker 1  1:10:16
What is a politician other than somebody who has been trained to negotiate their value in a modern iteration, true, yeah, somebody who's been trained to negotiate their value, who's been used and who is used.

Matthias Miller  1:10:45
It's really brokering power and money, right? Power, money and time. I mean, let me, let me give you. Let me give you Corporation. We know how these things go, the privileges that you're looking for in exchange for these benefits, and I will put in the work to gain access to whatever influences I need to make sure that that actually happens, etc. Like, it's right, really ends up being a brokering so And okay, so then let's again, digging into the difference between the unhealthy and the healthy, like that's very different than a the fundamental issue with this is that there are people who are not benefiting from the transaction, Right, primarily citizens and consumers. I mean, it's right. That's a fundamental issue and and that's very different from from a relational, horizontal, let's, let's figure out how we can, if you're looking genuinely for human flourishing, can if I would be happy to contribute this. What can you contribute? And, oh, you can contribute that. That would be of great value to everyone, right?

Speaker 1  1:12:12
Well, yeah, well done. Okay, yep, great, yeah, yeah, I've been reading this book. Got it for Christmas. 1929 is about the stock market crash, and I've read a lot of books on that topic. But this one's different because it goes into the back stories of all the major players, and there is an obsessive need for vertical growth that's driving all of this, and it all starts like prior to the early 1900s the stock market was a niche industry for a select few, but then these banks figured out that they could offer things to the populace, and they figured out this beautiful idea. He said sarcastically about margins. You can buy stock on credit, you put down this amount, and and then, you know, there's the margin, and then you pay it off once your stock elevates, and all that kind of stuff. So it's all the house of cards, all the house of cards. And you see the internal wrestling of these people who have learned how to make massive amounts of money in this area, but it's all just on paper. It's all theoretical. They needed to elevate. They needed this vertical growth, and then it all comes crashing down.

Speaker 1  1:14:08
That's the moment I'm talking about, even interpersonally, I'm building this building, this building, this and I have to achieve this goal, but I don't necessarily have the I don't have the financial ability. I don't have the whatever ability, so I have to find a way. I have to manipulate the market somehow. And you manipulate the market long enough the crash is going to come,

Matthias Miller  1:14:36
I feel like the people who are genuinely the most you know, the stable, headed, grounded, successful. Most successful most successful people are the people who find some kind of way to ethically come come alongside those people and make sure that they don't get trampled when or they don't get crushed when it all comes falling down.

Speaker 1  1:14:58
Right? And then you have the guys on the other side right. Did you see the big short movie about the 2008 housing crisis? Okay, so Steve carell's character. He goes, he he stands back and looks, and he goes, Oh, this is a house of cards. Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to short the other side and wait for the collapse and he just walks away with

Unknown Speaker  1:15:34
hundreds of millions of dollars. So there's that side and there's this side,

Speaker 1  1:15:43
and then there's a guy in the middle who's like this. Both of these seem odd to me.

Matthias Miller  1:15:48
Mark even tells a story where he used to have, he used to pay people to go out and research, and he'd look for press releases about new warehouses and and he'd have somebody go out and see, like, okay, is the warehouse actually being used? And if not, he would short the company. And I think at one point he had actually published a newsletter about these things, and it's like, I mean, these, this is public information, you can very easily find out, like, what's going on. It's obviously, obviously they're trying to boost, you know, boost their perceived value, right? So, so I mean this, this raises an interesting ethics question in my mind. Like, what is? What is, what is, you know, cutting a serpents and harmless, as does in this case.

Speaker 1  1:16:36
Like, right? Yeah. Right? There's this guy, Malcolm Gladwell, in his book talking with strangers, talks about this guy, and I forget his name, we can put it in the show notes that the book. But this guy who was absolutely convinced that Bernie Madoff was a crook for years and years and years and went to everybody who would listen and told them what's happening. And his ties to the financial community were so strong that made offs were that this guy was not listened to, and this guy did not give up. And what eventually brought Madoff down was this guy not giving up for, like, almost, if I want to say almost, like, a decade, wow. And gladwell's point is, we need people like this in the world. They're, they are, they are an irritant. They are a pebble in the shoe. They are so disconnected from being liked that they will say whatever needs to be said. And like the fascinating point he makes is we need people like this in the world to keep us honest, to keep us balanced. And the funny thing is, is, remarkably, it only takes a few of these. You don't need an army of these, right? These type of people, you just need a few.

Matthias Miller  1:18:15
Truth has a way of finding its way, right? Yeah, right. Right. That's interesting.

Speaker 1  1:18:27
Over my career, I've been exposed to, peripherally exposed to a few different How would I classify them, Kingdom operations, that the state of stated goal was, I'm going to build this organization, this company, that's going to find Kingdom opportunities. And they get people really excited. They They cast the vision. They all these kinds of things. They gain hundreds of 1000s of dollars from people, and then at the end,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:10
what's left when it doesn't play out when it's not real. Ponzi schemes aren't just for guys like Madoff, yeah, there's church Ponzi schemes as well.

Matthias Miller  1:19:39
Yeah, I mean the most Oh, goodness. I mean, how deep you want to go. I mean, to be clear, not, not every one of the things that that really stood out to me from one of your recent writings was, was the idea of the how compelling purposes, and it's one of the reasons why it gets used. These types of situations, there's a kingdom I'm like, what higher purpose is there than than Kingdom purpose? It's why God's God gets used as a marketing campaign, right? And so you have people who are drawn to that, genuinely, well, genuinely some to to it's their Pepto Bismol for their ache. And man, if you can just be part of something like that, that would be amazing.

Speaker 1  1:20:26
So how many housewives looking for a way to bring in money for their their family good motivation get sucked in by multiple multi level marketing endeavors? Right? My dad did this after he lost his gas station. It was a lease issue on the land and that kind of thing. He got involved in a MLM and for a number of years, and went really, really well. Then at some point, rule change lost. Everything.

Speaker 1  1:21:09
It's very compelling. The mission was very compelling and very compellingly stated, right? This is going to solve a lot of problems. This is the thing,

Matthias Miller  1:21:21
if you take the boring impression, approach to it, the fact of the matter is, with multi level marketing, is that outsourcing sales to somebody else is a business model that, in some capacity, can make sense when it's done ethically, and that there are some people who are willing to pay, to pay a premium on a product because to benefit a friend of theirs, right? Like shopping exactly the idea, the where this breaks down is, is that these types of, it's, it's almost always built on consumer trends, which means there is inevitably, well, I mean, there's, there's a few fundamental problems. Number one, people recruited into the multi level marketing are not vetted for sales skills, right? So there's no we think you're likely to succeed, or you're not, or we know you won't, like many people are recruited in who have no business being there, not because, well, for there's a variety of reasons, one of which being, they don't have the skills to communicate value to other people without exploiting relationships, right? The other part of it is that, like I said, these are trends, and I think it's pretty rare to see multi level marketing succeed. It's there's always a curious question, what does it actually solve? But in terms of in Well, here's the fundamental, fundamental question, if people are doing this in self interest, which we can assume they are, then why would they not take full control of the entire value chain, right? If the product literally is this good, right? Market it themselves. And because of that, that probably more than anything else, drives the trends like this is going to be around for it's gonna be hot for several years, and then it's gonna phase out, and it's gonna be around for a while after that, but it's gonna be gonna be, going to be, you'll have some stable customers after that, but there will be some, there will be a severe decreasing, severe decreasing, yeah, like essential oils. Like essential oils, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:23:34
very cult like environment. If you've met somebody using super into essential oil, and that's fine. There's some benefit there, you know, of course, but who's into the MLM associated with them?

Matthias Miller  1:23:50
Wow, if there's not that much difference. And I've heard this observed elsewhere, but there's not that much difference from, I mean, I mean, these the conferences in national event, you know, annual events, or church services, effectively and right, yeah, right. Or political rallies, or political rallies,

Speaker 1  1:24:13
I'll get myself in trouble, or like the Nuremberg rallies, you know,

Matthias Miller  1:24:20
we're almost done. I can get you off at any time. I'm just kidding. Just hold on for a minute. All of a sudden the podcast, guys, for future reference, podcast ever goes dead at the very end? It's because I bailed.

Speaker 1  1:24:37
Bailed out. Pull the plug. That's hilarious, but it like, doesn't it really to bring it back in, doesn't it really just play on the human desire for that upward movement instead of the horizontal it you. Loses the pseudo horizontal and promises the vertical. But the reality is is for that only ends up being a reality for a select few, and only for that select few for a relatively short period of time, right? It's not about human flourishing. It's not about union, about a small percentage gaining from the masses underneath them, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:25:35
cheap, cheap, you know, legal, cheap labor, basically, right and cheap, cheap access for attention, right? Well, and I think it's also worth, just worth noting too, is that, I mean, this also ties into the kind of, the shades of, shades of white, Shades of Gray, turning black. I think, I think for a lot of people, like, there's this, like many cults, the problem is never the cult or the group, the or the system. It's always the individual. You're the problem. You're broken. You need to be fixed. You need to do more reps. Obviously, this one person over here did it. Like, what's your problem? Like, why aren't you doing that right? And and I think the that there has to be a an awakening of like, oh, wait, this isn't working. And maybe I'm not the problem. Maybe the problem is outside of me, right? And then. But the painful thing again, is like, even with this, is that even if it's unhealthy, you have your friends in that group. You You've called your community. It's your community. Yeah, your community, yeah, and, and so you walk away and you're a disappointment. I mean, I've heard people. I have a friend of mine who who signed into into what I would argue is actually, you know, closer, closest you know, closer to a legitimate Nevel, and than many that I've seen and and could not make it work in his geographic area, and was told all the reasons why what he's doing wrong and all these other types of things, and walked away and and kind of became the black sheep to that group. And I mean, there's so many traits if you're stuck in an MLM honestly reading stories of people who've left left cults can be a very intriguing it's not as some some cases, it might be as severe in other cases, likely not. But the patterns and trends do follow, and it's It's almost easier, it's almost easier to look at. Here's the extreme case of a cult and what it takes to leave, and then dial that back and be like, Wait, this isn't this doesn't follow. You know, nobody's asking us to drink, literally drink the Kool Aid, but there we're being asked to self harm for the sake of this. There's these stories that are being repeated, there's this truth that's being ignored, and you can dial it back and it suddenly gives you context to say, Ah, yeah, not what I thought it was, right, right, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:17
So I think we need a better term for the boring life, Okay? Yeah. Union, community, connection, rest, abiding, peace. Psalm, 4610, Be still and know that I am God.

Matthias Miller  1:28:47
It almost has this sense of it being a place like you and I have talked about the shirt the armchair Sherpa is being at the top of the mountain going down the valley. There's almost a sense in which you're going down the valley and you just become man, this, this, this contradicts and hurts on so many ways to say this, but you become okay just living down in the valley like in that peaceful, sheltered place, place of shalom. It doesn't mean that life is without chaos or trial, but or that you're not trying to do things that are meaningful. But to me, at least, it has this sense of this has a sense of a location that's a peaceful place of abiding and belonging and living.

Speaker 1  1:29:42
Yeah, right? It's like Hosea like I will lead her out into the desert where I will speak tenderly to her. I will turn the Valley of a core into a gateway of hope he would learn to accept. The reality of life in that place, and it is painful and it is hard, and I understand why people avoid it, get it, but there is no gateway of hope without being led out into the desert and giving him space to Speak tenderly to you. Yeah. That's the boring life. That's the boring life.

Matthias Miller  1:30:32
Man, if you think boring, this is for next time maybe never. Think about David with his sheep. Think Moses in the desert. Think Joseph in the prison.

Speaker 1  1:30:47
Think Jesus in the wilderness. Think think like there's so John in the desert. John in the desert, all on his missionary trips, shipwreck, bitten by snakes, beaten 40 times by the Jews with rods. Like all the all the list he gives, think that Well, Paul

Matthias Miller  1:31:09
in the in between, between his his encounter with Jesus and His ministry,

Speaker 1  1:31:15
his time in Arabia, like all these things like this is, this is the boring life.

Matthias Miller  1:31:23
And I'm not sure if this is more boring or just hell on earth or trapped or what, but Noah in the ark like, mean, Abraham and Sarah waiting for the promise. Decades.

Speaker 1  1:31:37
Decades. Yeah. And I'm not celebrating this as some life improvement plan. I'm not saying like, yeah, sign up for this. You know, this isn't a New Year's resolution. Lose 20 pounds in five days. This isn't that. This is deal with reality, with what you're experiencing, with what you feel, allow the Lord to be there with you in it and become different out the other side of this.

Matthias Miller  1:32:21
Yeah, and I think it's worth pointing out that we don't really choose the gateway of hope. We surrender our way into the desert, right? And then whatever he wants to work out of that, he will, he will,

Speaker 1  1:32:45
and we're absolutely assured by his very nature that what he works out of that will be infinitely better, more connected in union with Him than what We were doing before. But that's faith, right? That's trust. That's the moment in interstellar where Matthew McConaughey chooses to, like, fall into the black hole. There's no promise there. This is a theoretical concept. No human being has experienced this. And in that moment and you're saying, I need to fall in. Yeah, yeah, that's faith.

Matthias Miller  1:33:33
Just gonna say, the guarantee of deep reunion with him is probably well, is about the only guarantee that can be made about that. That's it. Presence.

Speaker 1  1:33:43
That's the only promise he ever makes. I'm with you always.

Matthias Miller  1:33:58
Well, I want to commend our listeners for listening to the most boring episode of our entire Thank you. We expect high ratings from the most boring hosts. Yeah, what a conversation I don't even know how to wrap. I feel like. I feel like a comment that I made last week in passing is now probably going to haunt me even more. And I made two notes, Kevin, you're dangerous to talk to. But there are two notes in which I realized different parts of my life where I'm not like, I'm resisting boring. And this has been kind of an eye opening, you know, not A, not a knock the lights out kind of punch, but a, but a little bit of a punch, of like, oh yeah, I have been resisting that because I don't want it to be boring. And. So there's this invitation for me, and what does it look like to fall in love with the boring and in that that space and just allow God to be present, just to just to live so good. Thank you for the conversation. Thank you. Thanks to all of you guys listening in. We enjoy hearing from you. We we we welcome your feedback, and we look forward till next time, yep, till next time. Thanksgiving. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai