Speaker 1  00:01
Alright so here are the pieces that are left on the course stuff. One of them is just being able to take a look at a course loop backwards over segment IDs, find the most recent segment, and resume. If then if it's complete, obviously go on to the next one of the questions is, is, whether they want to start over, it could just be as simple.

Speaker 1  00:42
Yeah, I'm not sure exactly which way to go with that. That is a question. So the next piece is so then once, then you start the track. And you flag it is started. And then you with new RG row and then on completion, you have a basically same thing go again. And it will maybe have a parameter to force indicate that it is actually been completed, and that he should start the next one, I don't know if that's necessary. Presumably there might be some very rare situations in which I don't know, trying to think what this scenario would be.

Unknown Speaker  01:39
I don't know I can't think of a scenario where we would ever not be able to flag that one as completed so the market is completed, you go on to the next

Speaker 1  01:49
one. The new row keep going, going, going until it's at the end, and so the play time actually ends up becoming quite simple. In the live system to actually to actually run that. Now, that's actually, once we've got that, then besides the other pieces in the to do. It's actually a major piece of it and then maybe then you can actually start looking at the show concept but it might be all that's required in the course. I think the next step from that might actually be to go ahead and implement the. Take that 20 minute presentation and slice it down into segments and upload it into there and set up the course, sort of the course that way. I guess the other piece that's not anywhere is regarding the facts integration. So I think the way that that would work would be a. Maybe there should be like a, an upload. I don't know actually where that should be. That could just be as an archive document on the course, and maybe even a drop list to try it out. And then, based off of that. And you also need a fax field on the course, or in the account so that you know what the fax number is. And then, yeah. There you go. Then find the API integration to actually send the fax to them.

Speaker 1  03:57
And then, what you could do, when if you want to do this is, it could be interesting to say basically say, email 101 at code house.com co d h au s.com. With COVID How do you know that they've actually purchased the course. See that's kind of the problem.

Unknown Speaker  04:36
So you email it with their. I don't know what do you do, what do you do. I'm not sure if there's a good way to tie the email address to the,

Speaker 1  05:01
to the account or not, without having them call in or without requesting it somehow.

Unknown Speaker  05:15
Well,

Speaker 1  05:21
you could. So here's the idea. You could generate a temporary code. Alright so if you send an email, send an email to want to send an email to any of these, any of these places one on one at Code house calm or whatever you want. And then it emails back and says, Thank you. Thank you for this, we don't recognize your email address to tie it out to an account please call

Unknown Speaker  05:54
this phone number. With this pin to associate your email address. And then when they do, they get the email address back. I think that's a pretty interesting way to go. That could actually work. Oh, okay so here's your here it is, it could be something like,

Speaker 1  06:24
if you would like to. Well, and people could do it in either direction so people could start by people, people could start by signing up for, for the, like, you could say to sign up to purchase this course, please email sign up at our courses that you know whatever code house. COMM And then. So if you even want to want echoed out their comments basically and you're not recognized you're not in the system you say sorry we don't recognize you, please send an email to x to set up your email account or your account. So you send any email to that and it auto responds and says, either says hey, congratulations. You are. You're currently associated with this account to, you know, to change. To change this account please call this number from your new number.

Unknown Speaker  07:26
And with this pin. Wait, doesn't that mean if I sent an email. Now that doesn't mean I was thinking I was wondering if there's any kind of security issue with this. Anybody could hijack somebody else's have killed like essentially if they were to say,

Speaker 1  07:52
somebody sent an email. No, because they have to. They had to call in with that call in with that number. So then, so then that associates email with the account. Now if they want to set up a fax account what they could also do is send a fax to fax number, and it just auto replies back and says, hey thanks for your fax to associate this with your account, Please. You almost want this double verification. That's really what you want. So basically, to say, to add an email address to your account. So you almost have you could almost have an account settings thing where, to add a. To add an email to your account, please email XYZ. ABC you know XYZ, etc, etc. To add effects to your account please send a message to XYZ etc. And then when they do, they say, Thank you for calling now. Please call back and dial star, you know start ABC, whatever it is. And, and then based off of that. So essentially, you'd have to capture the first digit. And then based off of the first digit, you would then have to.

Speaker 1  10:13
I don't know, collected and keep going, or allow, I don't know if there's a way to, I guess if it's six digits, and I'm watching for three. Then when they do start six nine, then it would start playing in switchover and to ask for the full thing be kind of nice if there would be some prefixes that would allow. Like if Twilio which would let me say I want three digits if it starts with one. I want one digit if it starts with anything else, for example, but maybe they actually stopped playing in that point and you can't really enter anything more than that. So, if that's the case that's maybe not a big, I mean it's really not an issue at all.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai