Speaker 1  00:00
Personal Development. Talked about John's leadership abilities and potential for operational success. Music may be a door opener. And then we talked about creativity, spirituality and personal growth. Is any of this helping you? I

Unknown Speaker  00:19
mean, it's, it's refreshing where the conversation Okay,

Speaker 1  00:21
that was what I was intending, I guess, discussion about authenticity, self expression and connection. So speaker two struggles with sharing their Wu side with others. I'm assuming that's Yep, okay, discusses the importance of being authentic and connecting with like minded individuals. And then there was some marketing strategies, discussion for proximity and connection with the audience, and exploring various levels of engagement, journey with spirit, including creating a video and a funnel for 15 minute memos call. That's you, I think. Yeah, referrals and marketing strategy, there was a scaling conversation. It looks like, oh, scaling a business or movement through reverse pyramid structure with a focus on teaching and collaboration. That sounds interesting. Discuss scaling a business through a self replicating system. Scale a movement by involving others in the process and brainstorming ideas, such as creating a downloadable toolkit, hosting workshops, etc, personal growth talks, transforming consciousness through coaching and self disclosure. Any of that helping?

Unknown Speaker  01:41
Yeah, the,

Unknown Speaker  01:45
what is the reverse pyramid structure?

Speaker 2  01:55
Do we have the Do you have the I probably have it on my phone, little flip chart thing. Let me, let me start with that before I start. Oh, yeah,

Speaker 1  02:05
I can do that too. Yeah, I've got resources. I've got the flip chart notes. I got recordings. I got otter.

Unknown Speaker  02:15
Who's this?

Unknown Speaker  02:18
Let's see you would have met with Tim on Kevin. Oh, oh, no. When did you meet with him on August 12.

Unknown Speaker  02:29
August 12. I

Speaker 2  02:40
I don't know. I don't know. I feel like I've got a little bit of a trouble of trouble breaking this down.

Unknown Speaker  03:18
Well, why don't we start with, go ahead,

Speaker 2  03:22
let me give it a shot. I think typically that, I think people in business are very familiar with the idea of the pyramid, like top down, like, here's the boss, and all the way down to the bottom of the organization. So and, and even people who try to build scalable models in business tend to use the same type of language. So network marketing has been called a pyramid scheme, because you've got the uplines and everybody down there who who benefits from that. But you can take that, you can flip it upside down and and you, rather than building a series of downlines which is which is implicitly constrained, you flip it upside down, and you have a self you have some form of self replicating system. So in this case, the my client had a particular Marketing methodology that that fit well with this and and had a training centered around it, and could and, and, and so rather than you know, let's go occupy this market a way to shift the perspective on what he was looking to do was, let's go build people who mastered this technique, and then let's have them go replicate it with the people in proximity to themselves. And then let's go, let's go expand that further so that those people gain mastery. And. Then they, they spread to the people around them. So it's, it's contrasting the difference between a once again treatment structure, top down, constraint or a, I guess, another way to say this is that it's, it's building a viral component to business so that, so that it becomes self replicating, and it doesn't face the same kinds of constraints that most, most businesses do it. It's almost a form of a, I don't know. It's almost a form of a grassroots it's where grassroots meets, meets business.

Speaker 1  05:38
What kind of person or organization would benefit from reverse pyramid structure.

Speaker 2  05:48
I think an easier question to ask is, who are the people who are most open to reverse pyramid structures? And I think it's, it's all the people who have some kind of lingering dissatisfaction with traditional business paradigms. I think people who are who are creative, highly creative, and extraordinarily intuitive or relational, are often most open to these types of approaches. And I also think that those types of transformational businesses lend themselves better to that type of growth than transactional businesses do.

Speaker 1  06:26
So what does a leader of this business do in the day to day life that's different than a leader of a pyramid structure business? Well,

Speaker 2  06:41
I don't know if the day to day life is actually that much different. I mean, the day to day life, the daylight day life in a top down structure, you're still developing people, you're still managing, you're still leading the process of creating systems that drive the business forward in a reverse pyramid structure. You're doing the same thing you're developing people, but, you know, I think the thing that you're specifically doing so perhaps this is the difference, is you're specifically developing people to gain mastery in what it is that you're training them in with the goal of them being able to do the same thing for others. So it's, it's the we are. Yes, every organization should be raising up leaders. Everybody says that everybody should, should raise up people, to raise up other people. Raise up everybody should raise up leaders, to raise up other leaders. We all know that it doesn't always happen, yeah, and I think even in the day to day, like there's, there needs to be an appropriate kind of structure around it so that it's sustainable. It's not just a, it's not a, an undirected, I don't know, whatever, but

Speaker 1  08:04
it'd be fair to say that you're giving people ownership. You're maintaining leadership, but you're giving people ownership.

Speaker 2  08:22
I think you can take it a step further. I think you're saying that we are serving an idea that's bigger than ourselves, and that the group and the people who develop mastery in it are going to help formulate it as this thing grows organically, and I think that's one of the differences between, you know, top down pyramid, is that typically the it is, it is the owner who owns the idea. It's the leader who owns the idea. Is selling the idea to everybody else. I think part of what the goal is is to build an ever increasing movement of people who own the idea, and the idea takes growth information from the people who are actually owning the idea. So, yeah, I like it.

Speaker 1  09:10
Okay, reverse pyramid structure. Was there anything else that you that stood out to you from that conversation that you you took away with John um, I

Speaker 2  09:25
think one of the things that I noticed with in particular with this client, that I've seen with other clients, is many times there are things that are working well, but don't fit traditional paradigms, and even even if Somebody is so, there's kind of two layers to that. Sometimes people will completely shut down what's working because they're not supposed to do that. Other times, people will continue doing what's working, but with an internal conflict, because this works, I can't explain it, but it's not the way they should be doing it. And then the. Right? And they get some momentum, but there's still friction. And I think one of the things that I love seeing is when they have something that's non traditional, that actually works, and they resolve the inner conflict. It's okay to be doing things that aren't, that don't fit these paradigms, when you can really put yourself into, into that, into that space, doing, doing non traditional things in business that work and you can, you can remove the friction and and completely throw yourself into it. It's, it's amazing what can happen. Um, what else? Yeah, I think that's, I think it's, I think it was the other major takeaway from that one, okay, I like it.

Unknown Speaker  10:46
Okay, let's go to Chris Hackett.

Unknown Speaker  10:53
Let me see,

Unknown Speaker  10:55
yes, let me find his.

Unknown Speaker  10:59
This is good. Oops.

Speaker 1  11:05
Well, if you have some some thoughts off the top of your head, go for it, or I can read out a summary.

Unknown Speaker  11:20
It jogged my memory a little bit. Okay,

Speaker 1  11:24
navigating the maze of ideas is a

Speaker 2  11:27
topic. Okay, yes, yes, yes, yes, all right, I'm just gonna jump in right now. I think another pattern that I think consistently with claims is is that they it's often easy for us to find ourselves on a path that's working in a door slam shut, and so we redirect and and rather than returning back to what had been working before the door slam shut and finding a different path To do that, we played a different path altogether. So I was working with a client who had incredible success working with company. And it was this case where the door same shut for this individual, and they moved into kind of freelance entrepreneurship, small team. The problem was this person wasn't wired to run freelance and wasn't wired to run small teams. This is a guy who has, well, there you go. I was going to not use gender specific language, but so this was an individual who who was wired to lead and was incredibly skilled at leading, building culture, managing people, maintaining accountability. That was the zone of genius. And the path they ended up taking was was trying to build their own startup business, up to the point of whatever, trying to make something work. And I it's quite possible that with with enough time and effort, that they would have been able to get to the point where they actually had the where they actually had the kind of team that they really wanted, and were in the environment that they wanted. The other issue was that this person actually really enjoyed being the second in command. They they weren't particularly looking to be the the head of the organization, and sometimes. So sometimes people do that because they haven't really found what they want to throw themselves into. Sometimes people do that because of self doubt, and sometimes people do that because they are genuinely wired to go take somebody else's vision and go turn it into action and manage all the pieces to continue to grow and scale that and this individual found themselves in a place of incongruence because they had the skill set of a second in command and could really bring a lot of transport transformation to companies. But then when the door shut, so So here's what happened, they left their zone of genius second in command over or over, a large team, team of people, and went freelance and started working to grow, grow their team, piece by piece, and quite simply, stepped out of their zone of genius. Furthermore, so I don't know what's the what's the what's the takeaway, I think, I think if there's a pattern that I see consistently, it's that is that many, many of us, I'll include myself, many of us, have a hard time looking back over over life altering events and properly sorting through the pieces of it to know how to respond and what we end up doing inadvertently. Is reacting to the situation, and we divert to a place that really doesn't work for us at all, instead of sifting through what happened, what was the good, and finding a path to not just not to go back to the old good, but to take the good from that and use it as a stepping, stepping stone into the next place. Um, uh,

Speaker 2  15:25
so I'm just gonna throw this in so it's a separate sound bite, but it's the same person. One of the things I noticed with one of my clients as well, one of the things I noticed with a lot of my clients is the pressure to do things that make rational sense on paper. So I was working with a client who was really good with face to face interactions. Now it makes sense in the world that we live in, that you should take your business and that you should turn it into a virtual business and serve people everywhere. And it's possible that this individual could have done that. This person's zone of genius was in face to face, live situations and settings. And I think many people, many people look at scale as or as scale and numbers as the only path to leverage. So if I don't add more, I can't get more, and one of the things I looked at with this client was ways to look within their current situation and within their sphere of what I would call extraordinary talent, of being able to Build cohesive cultures face to face, and look for ways to to solve bigger problems for clients to work with, clients who were better to work with. Find ways to capture upside for the work that that that was already doing. And I find consistently and repeatedly that one of the things that one of the things I've had to shake loose in my head, and I had to shake loose for a lot of my clients, is that conventional thinking and kind of the status quo, The normative ways of business aren't always, excuse me, one of the things I've had to shake out of my own head, and often have to deal with clients, is that the conventional ways of thinking and the best practices aren't actually the the best practices for you and the world would like us to think that it's the only way to go, it's The best way because it's because it's the best way, or the standard way, that it's the only way to go. And many times, there's other paths that are just as good if one better.

Speaker 1  17:51
Okay, can I reframe a couple of questions? Yeah, okay, so if you How about an advice question? So do you have advice if someone has to leave or they're well, let's see, let's go back to the first one. So what happens if a door shuts and you have to leave, leave your zone of genius as a second in command person? Is it better to go strike out on your own in a whole different business model? Do you have any advice for people in that situation? Hmm,

Speaker 2  18:32
so I think the question of whether a second command should strike out on your own is a nuanced question. The answer may be yes, so I gotta get water. Hang on. I

Speaker 2  19:10
I think the question of whether a second and convention strike, strike out on their own is a pretty nuanced question. I think it's worth taking a look at where they've succeeded the best. So, how they succeeded? The best at the zero to one mark, which is an incredibly difficult phase in business, or have they succeeded the best? You know, from the from the one to two, the two to three and the three to four. I

Speaker 2  19:45
This is awful. Let me see if I can find more water. I'll be back.

Unknown Speaker  19:50
Sounds good.

Speaker 2  19:53
It's a great question. It's. I forgot to build up my water jugs.

Speaker 1  20:03
Yeah, no, that's fair well, and we didn't talk about video editing software, but I'm sure that I can fade in and out on a lot of things. So you're fine. Sounds good? Do you have video editing software already in your resource stack or

Unknown Speaker  20:25
not, not besides big view, okay,

Speaker 1  20:28
I haven't used that, so I can maybe take a look and see what I can do with

Speaker 2  20:31
it. You can take a look opus.ai. For really good things about pre extracting stuff from Longhorn, but I've never used it.

Unknown Speaker  20:38
Okay, that's fair.

Speaker 2  20:41
Yeah. I think the question of what a second in command should do when the door shuts is a fairly nuanced question. I think one of the things to ask is, is, what businesses have they excelled at before a zero to one business is vastly different than a one to many. Getting past the startup phase is inordinately difficult, but there are some people who are exceptionally good at that, and I think there's different paths. It depends what it is they're doing. It depends on the reason why there is second in command. Some people are second in command because they have an aspirational goal to become a business leader, but they face some kind of doubt or insecurity about whether they actually have it within them to do it. So it's kind of a self protective safety mechanism. If I'm the second in command, I can grow this other person's thing. I don't have to come face to face with I don't know what I want. I don't know if I can do it. All the internal doubts that all this face. If we actually do anything that's faster cumbersome, then there's a question of whether they're, they're built as a second in command. And I think there are people who do exceptionally well and are wired to be a second in command. That's that is, that is their zone of genius. And if you're that kind of person, you absolutely should double down on that and become better and better at it, and there are plenty of opportunities where you can get compensated quite well for that, and for the value that you bring to a company through that. I think it's also and it's it's also worth asking what, what I think anybody who's looking to get into business leave, whether it's leaving, leaving corporate, job, whatever, to get into business, has to ask the question of whether it's better to do an acquisition and work with an established business, or whether it's better to do a franchise where you've got a blueprint handed to you, or whether it's better to do A startup, and just for the sake of example, a startup has really a really high often has an extremely high reliance on the founders skills, and so you have to be in order inordinately competent at a specific thing to get the lift off in startup mode to get to where you want to go. So know what that is and leverage it to your maximum, as as far and as hard as you can in order to to build, build the startup so knowing what kind of environment or what kind of situation you're going to thrive in, the best and and also knowing your skill of preparation, I think, is, is it's, it's important, right? So here's, here's another one, here's another fun one. Here's one of the things that happens with, I think, with with second in commands. And also see it with consultants, but second in command people is that they develop, they develop such a degree of confidence of competence that they begin to question it. So you know Denny Kruger early, early in when you don't know anything, you're confident about everything. And the more that you know, the more you realize you don't know. And you get to this point where you have reached a level of mastery and you still think you don't know anything. And so I think it's an industry for a lot of us. It can really easily become kind of the lid of between where we are and where we need to go, because we're struck with this deep realization of everything that we don't

Speaker 1  24:22
know is that a jumping off point for some self exploration when it comes to answering those questions you were just talking about in terms of, you know, am I a wired second in command, or am I ready to move into a different role? How would you explore your own self mastery to help answer some of those questions.

Unknown Speaker  24:43
That's a good question.

Speaker 2  24:50
I mean, I don't think that it's, it's it's possible to really understand what makes a person tech until you understand, yes, you need to understand their personality, but you also need to understand their story and how. Got there. And a lot of us, you know the limitations of personality assessments is that it's simply outputting the data that you give it. And so if you've got certain behaviors that are patterns that you develop in response to certain situations in the past, you may appear to have a certain type of personality or certain type of interest. But when we, when we paired that with your story where you've come from, the experiences you've had, the door slamming doors, slamming your face, the whatever it has, I think you have to take an honest look inside and understand, lean into the the more difficult parts of your of your journey, and you have to walk through and sift through those pieces to really be able to discern whether this is just like, Is this really me, or is this just, is this just a response to what happened to me?

Speaker 1  26:00
Yeah, that's brilliant. Okay, well, I had one more question to circle back on the tell me if you think this is worth answering. You know, so, so what happens when your zone of genius is an in person business? Are you doomed to never scale?

Speaker 2  26:21
I don't think we're ever doomed. So let's start with that. So it's it's possible. So let's just look at one simple way. If you thrive on face to face environments, then it's very possible that your path to building a business, just to show one possible path, is to build a team of three people. You don't need that many people. With digital businesses and AI and all of these things that you build a team in person, team of three people, so you get the face to face interactions, and they have the zone of genius to build scale through digital means, like there's, there's 101 ways to slice that's just one of them. There's 101 ways to slice and dice those. Most of them are just simply outside the bounds of how we're currently thinking about them. It's really, it's a really frustrating answer to say that you just have to get more creative, because it doesn't really help you at the end of the day. But I really think it if you don't feel creative, you need to get around people who can help look at these things from different angles and find ways to kind of build the perfect stir fry of how you can match who you are, and how you show up with with what you're looking to create.

Speaker 1  27:45
Well, if someone came to you with that problem, how would you approach the conversation?

Speaker 2  27:50
I would, I would approach it the same way I approach any conversation with or try to, I would try to try to approach it with curiosity, because I think one of, one of my, one of my fundamental beliefs is that, is that talent develops. Talent is one of the greatest, your greatest contributions to the world, and one of the best places you can be investing in yourself. And so, if you, I mean, I'm sure we've all heard this, if you take somebody who's pulling D's in math and you and you tell them to double down on math, they might be able to get to a C, but not to an A. But if you have somebody who is an A in math or English, and you have them double down, they can get to an A plus. And, you know, not saying anything about the education system, but I know folks who've gone past the the 100% grade mark to exceed that, and I think, I think that's what we're looking to do. Because in a world that's fiercely competitive, I'm really not interested in, well, in a world that's virtually competitive, we're tempted to to start running a race that's not our race to run, or that will we even have any possibility to win. And if you let go of the competitive drive and you simply allow yourself to focus in on the things that you're best at, the irony of it is that you actually gain competitive advantage. It's like when you drop the competition and you stop running the race, you set your own race, and you start winning the competition. And if

Speaker 2  29:39
I would be lying if I said that certain types of business models, certain types of showing up, do not have implicit limits on how far they can scale. But I would also call into question, I think far too many people say they want the big business for some reason other than what. Why they actually want the big business. And I think this goes back to the to other conversations about getting, about doing the inside work, is if you can really understand what it is that you're after, you can have that, but you have to work or get in and orchestrate your life around that. So I don't know that's a good question, but a good answer. But regular, there you go.

Speaker 1  30:25
No, I like it, man. I think we have a really a lot of good I like this stuff. So far, it's about 1020 Do you want to wrap up? Or do you want to try one more person here? Time wise, or do you want to keep going and get through all of them like that's up to you and your time, but I don't know what you're let's

Speaker 2  30:47
do. Um, who do we have next in line? Robert? Um, yeah,

Speaker 1  30:55
let me see Chris Red Bryant is next in line on my but that's, that's arbitrary, Brian or Robert, yeah, yeah, let

Speaker 2  31:05
me do, let's do Robert, because, okay,

Speaker 1  31:10
yep, yeah, you're right in, in that that would make sense. Okay, do we need to look at the refresher for Robert?

Speaker 2  31:17
No, there's one place I want to start? Okay, great. One of the questions I face with clients too is, what happens when you're predominantly a thinker and not a doer? And there, I think there are people who are exceptionally good at thinking. Think, if you're friends with me, you probably have, you might have a at least a small bit of a philosophical bent, and if you have not an ounce of philosophy in you, you probably don't really enjoy spending too much time, which is fine. The the problem when you're a thinker is the problem at any point is that your greatest strength can become your greatest liability. And the problem when you are a thinker is that you don't always, you're not always paying attention between productive thought and debilitating thought. And so productive thought is when is, is the healthy place of your thinking at play, where it translates into some kind of external momentum the world. And debilitating thought is when you have a clear path to go and and the moment you start working to put it into action, you call it into question. You You know the inner doubt starts yelling at you, and so you start to rationalize and replay and rework and revamp everything that that you had. I had a conversation with a client, a consultation with a client who who had this, had been working on this idea for a long time, and had this particular way to create incredible results for business owners in a short amount of time, and had had done it in the past, had results and really did quite well at it. And and in the middle of our call, gave a five minute riff on why this actually mattered and why this was the most important thing. Then turn around and ask me, Do you think this has any kind of place in the market? And it's quite this question took me off guard because, yeah, this question took me off guard because, I don't know, I'm still not sure about gender neutral language. But anyway, the question caught me off guard because, because the riff had so much potency, that I and he had so much conviction behind what he was saying, that I found it impossible to believe that that there would not be people if he simply shared that five minute riff with people that they wouldn't buy into his body proposition and into what it is that he had to offer. I think, I think one of the, one of the things for folks who are really skilled at thinking is that you have to be mindful of is what is your way of translating thought into action? And I think anytime you have, you have thought that does not at some point it, if you have thought that is not, at some point able to be translated into action, it ends up becoming cyclical and you end up getting stuck. I think to that, I would also add that there's different ways of moving thought into action. I think often we get in our own way because of of reasons of ego and self protection and fear, and we've never done it before, and criticism and the inner critic and all of these things. But I also think we I. We fail to put things into action because we don't know our methodology for deploying other people into action. And there are some people who who will naturally do this by inspiring other people with some kind of grand vision. Other people will, will have some kind of motivational event. Some people will, will appeal to the to the conscientiousness, to people's conscientiousness, some people will simply, simply use commands to turn them, turn them into action. And you know, without, without putting any kind of judgment or any of those approaches, I think you need to know kind of your own formula for what are the ways that you excel at taking ideas and turning them into action, and start building that as a habit into your life? Do more of it? Enjoy the feedback loops. Get better at it. Double down on it. And so if there's one thing that I took away from that client, client engagement, that you know, something that I saw in my, in myself has been kind of learning that that signature, like, let's get this thing out there. That's great.

Unknown Speaker  36:12
Okay, what else do you have? Do you have for Robert? Anything off the top of your

Speaker 2  36:18
head, oh, I think one of the best, one of the best ways for client calls to end is when we just get through everything, and it's we're done early, and there's really nothing to talk about, and client is there, and it's like, I've gotten I've gotten everything I went. We went past the bonus time. I got more than what I came for, and we still have time left over. So one of the fun experiences was with this my my client was, was a was a consultant, and he flipped the script, and it was said, Okay, we got this extra time. How about you? And I talk about you? I was like, Sure. So it's one of the things I love about clients. I'm obviously, I'm obviously here to make sure that people get their money's worth. But we had a great time. And I don't even know what you see a story, but there you go. Funny story. Cool. Okay,

Speaker 1  37:21
let me see that sounds like a good amount. Do you want me to go through the summary points for Robert, see if there's anything else you want to

Unknown Speaker  37:30
move on? Okay, let's do summary points of the wrap.

Speaker 1  37:34
Scroll way back up here. Okay, personal growth and reorientation, okay, leadership, influence and creating pathways for success. This was sort of the personal stuff about sense of warmth and peace and then filter shields and pathways. It looks like expertise within individuals can be extracted and promoted with proper guidance, identity and thought process. I think that's what you touched on, creativity, passion and professional development. Being a Bridger between two worlds, frustration with being told what to do and not being able to make decisions for themselves. Develop a platform to execute their ideas and satisfy their need for variety. Ooh, need for variety is you have anything you say on need for variety?

Speaker 2  38:23
Well, I think probably the biggest issue I see with people who have a need for variety is not giving themselves permission to have a need for variety. So the traditional paradigm that we're all in is that we're all machines, and we should go do the same thing over and over again. And so I think just starting with that, just you should just say I need variety, just get it out. I think the other thing that you need to pay attention to with, with the statement I need variety, is that variety looks very different for different people. And I remember this conversation that somebody shared about a bookkeeper who was went on and on about her work and how fun it was, and how exciting it was, and how she got to see so many different things, and it was just the most wonderful job in the world, where many people would look at a bookkeeper and you're like, well, you're entering numbers all day, and you're making sure things. You know you're making sure everything ties out, and you're doing all this stuff and, like, don't you? And it's a lot of the same type of activities, time time again. Like, would you get bored? And I think, I think the reality is that even when you like variety, there's an anchor that is, there's a thread, there's an anchor, there's something that goes through the different things that that that interests you. And if you can find at least pieces of that, or a piece of that that you can, you can rest on and then find the variety within that space, in that arena, it can, it really can give you kind of a. Sense of grounding with your left for variety. I think it's also possible that I don't know how much to add. I think it comes down to trade offs, and once again, in knowing what you really want. I think many times, people who like variety can be exceptional consultants, and they can have a really engaging and interesting life doing that, and there's always a challenge to solve. Or you can be a a you can be a serial entrepreneur, or or you can simply be in business and structure your business in such a way that that you can fill most of your life with these things that that feature in some other type of way.

Speaker 1  40:52
Yeah, okay, no, that's great. Um, so he was talking about having frustration with doing thinking for others in their businesses, or, you know, kind of being the thinker in the business. Is there anything you want to talk about in that area?

Speaker 2  41:15
Let me actually do. I have one more comment about creativity or variety. I think one of the disservices that most personality assessments do is that they don't pay close attention to variety as a need or an interest. And the one I can think of specifically is there's a motivators assessment that specifically looks at variety as an interest. There may be many others. I'm not sure. A lot of people struggle to find the thread, and then they discover that, wait, there actually is a thread. The thread is variety, and it's very meta, but it's very real. And so I think, I think sometimes people just having language for that, that this is, this is a part of me like variety. I think sometimes it can just bring a lot of freedom. Lot of freedom on the thinking side. One of the things I find fascinating about the work that I do is that is that is the dynamic relationship of two people working together. And the thing that most people are exceptional at are often the things that they get hung up on. And I think it's for a reason. I think we're here because I think as humans, we're wired for connection. And I also think, too that there's a lot of what we do, you know, we spend, we spend most of our days looking externally and responding externally, and we don't develop our skill set like that, which is good. That's, that's how you add value to to the world, and and most of us are really bad at looking at ourselves. And so one of the, one of the themes I see consistently that where people have an inordinate amount of expertise, expertise in a specific area, and they're really good at it, but when it comes to doing that for themselves, it's really challenging. Well, we all face it, and I think that's yeah, one of the, one of the things I one of the things I love about about these sessions is that dynamic, back and forth, and being able to kind of help people break out of out of that I should be good at this. I can't in helping them kind of find the path forward. Okay, great,

Speaker 1  43:35
um, challenges and executing new ideas in businesses. Oh, this was the conversation about coming off of off site meetings and with boosted productivity, but maybe not being able to implement

Unknown Speaker  43:52
new ideas. Yeah, I think it's more in his court of what he's offering, okay,

Speaker 1  44:01
indentured servitude. I did read through this conversation, I found that to be interesting. I mean, hadn't thought about it, but not wrong. Makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  44:13
Um, not PC language, but, well,

Speaker 1  44:15
no, it's got such a bad connotation. But at the same time, there's so much value in that idea. Still,

Speaker 2  44:20
yeah, there is. There's a lot of people who'd benefit substantially from that.

Speaker 1  44:25
Yeah, no, absolutely. Acquisitions and leadership roles, that seems more strategic. Finding suitable CEO for a company seems more strategic. I think this was kind of getting into the nuts and bolts of how to make all this happen, consulting masterminds, consulting processes, personal growth, glass shattering events. Talk about that at all.

Unknown Speaker  44:55
Did I talk to him about that?

Speaker 1  44:58
Well, per otter. Yeah, you shared a spiritual journey, including a glass shattering event that led you

Speaker 2  45:04
to see, yeah, this was the, this is the last 30 minutes

Speaker 1  45:09
where he turned it around on you, okay, turned around on me.

Speaker 2  45:13
I don't, I think that stuff is more like, let's get in the manifesto type of stuff. Okay, I think, I don't know if I said this, but I think it's worth saying. I think that another pattern that I see with a lot of one of my clients is that there's these little clues. There is, there's a person, there's a situation, there's a connection, there's, there is something that's, that's once they get clear on where it is that the next step needs to be, there's something in their life that's already there that they can tap into to take one more step forward. And it just think it's, it's very easy for all of us to miss the little things that can help us, help us take the next step. But I think one of the, one of the things to navigate uncertainty is the ability to pay attention to the little things that are around us that can, that can help us take the next step. Because I find that many of us are far better resources than what we actually think that we are. So I love, I love seeing the kind of the epiphany for clients when they realize that, oh, wait, there's this thing. I've dismissed it, but it's actually significant, and I can use it as a stepping stone to get to get to the next, next

Unknown Speaker  46:35
place. Cool. All right, I think we've got a lot of good stuff here.

Unknown Speaker  46:42
I like it. Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  46:43
No, me too. This is fun.

Unknown Speaker  46:46
Easiest form of content generation ever.

Speaker 1  46:50
Well, yeah, no, probably. So I hold on. I enjoy it. I always enjoy hearing your thoughts on things. So that's just bonus time for me again. That's awesome. Get paid for it. So I think what I'm going to try to do, I'll look at big view. I think the process would be to clip, and we've got a lot of good clips, I try to kind of take some notes as we went. But clip and save videos, transcribe it, summarize it, save it somewhere where we kind of understand what the clip is about. You can start looking at those things and seeing, are you shooting for any particular length? Just kind of seeing lands right now.

Speaker 2  47:25
I don't know where. I mean, if we still have, I don't know. No, I'm not shooting for any length. I don't know. I would start with what are the clips? How do they work? Well, cohesive thoughts, and maybe even test like, Okay, three, three minutes or three second sound bits, you really well, or there's these five minutes to do, I don't know. But I don't even know that. It's that I'm more interested at the stage of just getting it out than trying to think too much.

Speaker 1  47:58
No, I agree. Just wanted to double check. I think most of them would be pretty you probably under two minutes on pretty much all of this once I and I can maybe edit out and fade out some of the downtime, so it's all in, but I'm going to figure out if I can do that with big view. And I guess if I need something, I'll let you know to make that happen for video editing rights moment. But Okay, sounds good. Sounds good? Well, great weekend, and I guess I won't see you Monday, so I'll see you Tuesday morning for Cody, if that works.

Speaker 2  48:27
Yes. Okay, cross your fingers. All right. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai