Unknown Speaker  00:01
What is playing my heart tell you my friend that

Speaker 1  00:05
you have had, you have had such a transformation take place that you will act as a butterfly, like we had this tremendous metamorphosis you're moving into a life into a time of tremendous

Unknown Speaker  00:22
abundance,

Speaker 1  00:24
the time of very good business. In this next few months, I see a business actually taking effect, it's pretty effective. You gain your boots, getting new mag wheels, right factory shop, pretty cool looking wheel, the spinning stuff, all that I see is speeding, going very, very fast. I think driving the thing so fast that the body can't keep up with the wheels. So that's what's happening in your business is gonna be like that. It will be moving so fast that your body just cannot keep up and go the thing Don't be afraid. Don't be concerned, the foundation is fast.

Unknown Speaker  01:15
So this is how it's gonna be for you.

Unknown Speaker  01:20
Don't stifle growth,

Speaker 1  01:25
live explode, a volcano cannot be contained. It's time has come. And your time says to me, Lord, my time.

Unknown Speaker  01:36
My time has come.

Unknown Speaker  01:39
And I will not stifle

Speaker 1  01:42
it. I will not stifle Lord, I make a declaration. Lord, I make a declaration. Now my business is a multi million dollar business, that my business is a multi million dollar business. I believe this now. I bless this in the name of Jesus in the name of Jesus. And I proclaim over it now. And I proclaim it right now. life of God, the life of God. Lord, You have blessed me indeed. Lord, God bless me indeed. And you have enlarge my

Unknown Speaker  02:17
territory

Unknown Speaker  02:19
and you have enlarged my territory I will plunder.

Speaker 1  02:24
I will plunder. And I will grow more and more powerful. And I will grow more and more powerful because my God is with me. Because my God is with me. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, man. Thank you, Lord.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai