Speaker 1  00:52
Hold on one bit. I'm trying to handle a very small fire Before we jump into This. All right. I'm

Speaker 1  01:44
I'm really hoping to catch a particular sales rep in a little bit of a lie here. Not that sales reps would ever lie right, never

Unknown Speaker  01:57
misrepresenting the truth.

Speaker 1  01:59
Well, when someone says, I asked Addison, but he hadn't heard back yet. It's been two days, and Addison looks at me and goes, here's my email and here's my messages. What are you talking about? I don't see anything, stuff like that. This particular individual has a in chat. I'm

Unknown Speaker  02:50
maybe she's right. We'll see. All right, moving on. I'll let these people sort it out. Now. I

Speaker 1  03:12
Any, any, any epiphanies regarding invoice records, etc. In the meantime,

Matthias Miller  03:21
no epiphanies. I think invoice records are the right direction to go. It just makes sense to me. And probably the biggest thing before we really commit to that is what should the RG really look like? And, I mean, could this be call me lazy? Wait for it.

Unknown Speaker  03:46
Come on, call me lazy. You're lazy. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  03:56
Okay, so why not just do this?

Speaker 1  03:58
I know where you're going. The only, the only thing is, then we need somewhere of fielding the total amount of dollars we've gotten on this building. We kind of need that anyway,

Matthias Miller  04:13
total, okay, is

Unknown Speaker  04:15
that the I mean, total revenue,

Matthias Miller  04:19
total building revenue.

Speaker 1  04:24
Okay, this is a little bit tricky. Instinctively, I want to say, if I'm the I guess it matters on how we're going to break this out to accounting. And I fees. I presume that rent goes out to one place in a GL account. I'm assuming late fees and damage barrier fees, those are going to be fielded in their own income accounts. But it would be nice to be able to know. Uh, total rent revenue received on a building, total damage waiver fee received late fees. I don't know that I really care about the total that we've received on a building level standpoint.

Matthias Miller  05:16
Could they have like, a mini Income Statement on here?

Speaker 1  05:20
Yeah, okay, maybe like, describe what you're

Matthias Miller  05:25
like. It would be something like,

Unknown Speaker  05:27
I almost said, describe what you're describing.

Matthias Miller  05:30
Oh, you'd have like, revenue. Like, okay, you'd have revenue, which would be rental fees. It would be, you said, dwf collected. You could put late fees in here, if you wanted to. You put other fees in here, and then you could have expenses. And then you could have the, we

Unknown Speaker  05:51
wouldn't have really had what expenses would be tied to this building.

Matthias Miller  05:56
It would just be the purchase. If you wanted to. Well, I mean, I don't know if you want to. It could just be the,

Speaker 1  06:02
I think it's just a revenue number that we're really interested in. We want to know, we want to know total of rental fees, total rent total dwf, total late fees, total others.

Matthias Miller  06:16
And this is collected, not collect, right? What do you mean? I mean, if somebody is five late fees they haven't paid, you're not

Speaker 1  06:27
No, no, it's only earned. Yeah, you're correct. It's only earned. So this

Matthias Miller  06:30
collect, no, I mean collective, like we have cash,

Speaker 1  06:33
correct? So, yes, sorry, sorry for the misunderstanding of language there. This is, this is basically a a sum total of all the categories of revenue from this building, and then one big sum of it, the whole nine yards.

Matthias Miller  06:50
So why wouldn't we? I don't know how to organize it. Could we just do something like this? There's that too weird? Would you want it all in in an RG like this?

Speaker 1  07:10
No, I if, instinctively, I want to say if there's a way that we can get all things in that that RG that you currently have highlighted, and then in another section you have kind of a breakdown, a mini or or maybe it is, maybe it is, maybe it is, maybe it's just one RG of all the information. And then there's a button for the breakdown, like for the for the whatever financial statement I don't know, something to call does it need

Matthias Miller  07:42
to be if we do, you need to see this on this screen. Do you need to see these broken down? Like, why can we have a contracts

Speaker 1  07:50
on a per contract basis? It would be like, yes, on a per on a per per contract and per sale basis. It would be, it would be good to have all of that information. Oh, no. But if we put the sale in there, then it's okay, fine, if you want to put it up there in the buyback, resale section, but, but it's hardly an RG, because it's, it's once you sell the dang thing. It's one time. Can't resell it after resale.

Matthias Miller  08:21
Why wouldn't you have? Why wouldn't we just have?

Matthias Miller  08:32
How do people use this in the real world?

Speaker 1  08:34
Okay, the way that this gets generally used is oftentimes and some of this is,

Speaker 1  08:50
oh, why did I have to think down this rabbit trail? Now, you sent me down a rabbit trail. Now I don't like my buyback, resale discount matrix, because, well, because the whole reason for having these total numbers is for pricing a building for resale. And so, for example, if I, if I get a, if I have a building that, okay, here's, here's a scenario, right? Buildings been out for quite some time, let's say a year and a half. And we have a lot of money on this building, like they have been faithful as can be. And we've got over 75% of the building. I'm making up numbers. Don't, don't hold me to these, this, this, but, okay, no, fine, three year contract. It's been out for a year and a half. So we've got, we've got half the contract revenue, and which means that we we have, oh, don't make me think this math through whatever. We have a bunch of money. So you take a look at this building, you go, Okay, I want to resell it for this. We can do we can be more aggressive on the discount on this guy. Then. Then what we originally said, Okay, fine, we already gave ourselves a way to override it, or we we used to have a way to override it. Okay, you have that section down here. Now you're playing around with section. Got it so the resale, we can override the thing and say, okay, rather than $1,300 for this building, we now want to say $1,000 because we've got a lot of money and we're willing to be aggressive on reselling it. Great,

Matthias Miller  10:26
okay, but for that, don't you need to know? Don't you want to know?

Matthias Miller  10:38
Don't you want to know what the now, I don't know what it is. Is it the rental fees? Don't you want to know the rental fees relative to, I mean, rental and, like, the fees really don't matter for that purpose. What you really don't want to know is, how much did they pay down on the contract, how much the contract is, is left maybe, maybe, what's the, what's the, what's the early payoff, amount of the building, so that you have a value to go off of, or no,

Speaker 1  11:10
no. So this, the building's been retrieved, right? So we don't care anymore, what was like. We care about what, what money has come in on this building. All money. So whether that's late fees, damage fees, rent collected, it's all it's all revenue at this point. So how much revenue do we have on this building? Oh, we've got 3500 bucks. Great. We bought it for 530. 500 bucks. We can be fairly aggressive at reselling this

Matthias Miller  11:38
building. Don't, and you don't. You never look at it from like, Oh, we've got, we need to make up a minimum of 2500 to break even.

Speaker 1  11:48
Do you ever look at it? Usually it's manual math to do that, okay, but

Matthias Miller  11:54
wouldn't it? So it'd be most helpful to say, here's a purchase amount, here's all the revenue we collected, and here's the, here's the here's the Delta.

Unknown Speaker  12:10
No,

Matthias Miller  12:12
I'm way overthinking it.

Unknown Speaker  12:14
I think you are. I think you're overthinking it.

Matthias Miller  12:18
And does this information go doesn't it make sense for this information to go on the invoice when you're setting the price? Or do you need to set the price on here?

Speaker 1  12:28
We set the price on here. But okay, this is, this is where I think there's opportunity. There is opportunity here to say, when it comes to for the sake of this conversation, I'm going to call them stock buildings. Stock buildings are any building that's been returned or retrieved in some form or fashion. It is, it is a lot of value to to be able to say, how much, how much, how much money did we get on this building? That's one piece of information. But when you think about from a reporting value, like, imagine building custom reports that goes and says, Okay, I want to look at all my buildings over time, and I want to go look for, you know, sheds. And do sheds perform better than barns? And do barns perform better than single slopes or, you know, name when you go into you start doing data deep dives, having this information as as things to drop into a report column could be fun. Be a lot of fun.

Unknown Speaker  13:41
Says not account for. But

Speaker 1  13:52
I mean, if this one's sold, I mean adding in, adding in yet another row for for cash sale.

Matthias Miller  14:05
But why? Because I thought you were you sorry to be really stupid here, but I thought you were using this to calculate how much you're going to sell it for.

Speaker 1  14:11
That is one use, but the other, the other use is that, what is the total revenue I received on this building like after it's been sold out? I

Unknown Speaker  14:32
i So this was, and maybe this is a, what

Speaker 1  14:36
did we purchase? Well, sure hope we did better than than on an $18,000 building, we lost a little money on this one people,

Matthias Miller  14:50
let's just say we sold it for 16,000 an hour.

Speaker 1  14:57
But how fun? Okay, how fun would it be to go through. Through a fun calculation of figuring out, well, no, we have to know things about this. We would have to know what kind of expenses goes into this building. And that would be really, really fun to figure out, but it would be really hard, like interest expenses that go into this building and and, you know, what do we purchase it for? And like, it would be really cool to have a mini P L on every single building sitting right there. That would be really cool. How hard would that be?

Matthias Miller  15:34
Not? I mean, you just need to be make sure that all your expenses you tie out to a building,

Speaker 1  15:39
yeah, but that's that becomes like, when you get disconnected expenses, like interest, money, how do you, how do you connect that out to a building? You

Matthias Miller  15:47
then have a, well, I mean, it's an accounting problem, like you treat it as overhead or something. I don't know. That's we don't want to go to go there right now, trust me. Um, okay, so this shows numbers, but then when, when you first put in the buyback or resale price, like, would this be editable until you have an invoice and then it's frozen to the invoice value?

Speaker 1  16:14
Well, that that amount is going to be, it's going to be linked to the invoice reception numbers. So, once that thing is paid, then that's where the number comes from. It's blank before then

Matthias Miller  16:27
you just leave it. So you can't go onto the building and say, Hey, we need to get at least 16,000 for this.

Speaker 1  16:33
Well, no, but I mean the other whole invoice, that invoice section over here, we do need to talk through some of those things.

Unknown Speaker  16:47
So

Matthias Miller  16:50
the Bible, does my question make sense? Or do you want

Speaker 1  16:52
to wait that amount there needs to be filled once, once we received money on the on the invoice. So the connected invoice, like, if, if you generated in a an invoice for this thing, it's, it's blank until you've received payment on it. The moment you receive payment on it, it auto fills itself into the building record, and you have a total cash collected. Okay?

Matthias Miller  17:17
And when somebody says how much to buy this building, you'll just look at cash collected and be like, you can have it for four grand. They say, okay, sure, yeah. And then you create the invoice. Okay,

Speaker 1  17:29
yeah. But now we need to figure out the whole, the whole section on specified amounts and so forth, and and, frankly, specified amounts. Well, okay, so this whole invoice section down here in the bottom right that you pulled out of that like we still need that section

Unknown Speaker  17:46
to define, and you probably should rename your buyback and resale section into something. I'm gonna call it cash collected. Is it revenue or cash collected?

Matthias Miller  18:03
Well, technically late fees are, I'm going to assume late fees technically are revenue until they're paid, and if they default on it, then you revert the revenue like, that's the

Speaker 1  18:16
Yeah, but let's not think, but here we don't have to think necessarily in counting terms, do we so cash collected is kind of cool.

Matthias Miller  18:25
It is it is what we're it is accurate.

Unknown Speaker  18:29
Yeah, I like that. Cash collected.

Unknown Speaker  18:40
Look at how simple this is.

Speaker 1  18:41
I like that. I like that. Now we need to figure out how to handle this other invoice section, or whatever

Matthias Miller  18:47
section we're going to call a conspiracy that'd be cash colluded.

Speaker 1  18:54
Can we we? Should we look? We got to put some Easter eggs in here somewhere. Literally, and so, like, periodically, I don't know, maybe beside rent, a little, a little descriptor shows up as rent laundered, or something like that.

Matthias Miller  19:14
Like, we could hard code something so that April 1, when is it?

Speaker 1  19:20
It's like all, all of the all your building, all your product records go from Rent collected to money laundered or something like that, you know, just, just fun stuff,

Matthias Miller  19:30
and a pop up notification saying that this is the US Treasury. We're looking to divest our bonds. Could we invest in your RTO company instead? I don't know yours truly, President Trump.

Speaker 1  19:48
Okay, I'm happy with this. Are you happy with this? We still have this other section to deal with yet. I have one

Matthias Miller  19:53
question, or we want to show this. Could I want to show this information on the invoice as well? No, okay. Do. Okay, so invoice on the invoice, we have a Have you seen our invoices?

Matthias Miller  20:18
I don't know if you want to use standard invoices, but oh no, let's look at them. This

Unknown Speaker  20:34
is what they look like. I

Speaker 1  20:50
click on discounts and fees. What does that do? Ooh, gracious, gracious, something a little bit more simplistic, maybe. What's with all the fine, taxable and non taxable,

Matthias Miller  21:09
you'd have a taxable, non taxable discount, okay,

Unknown Speaker  21:16
Confucius,

Unknown Speaker  21:17
I'm not opposed to this. It

Matthias Miller  21:21
probably depends how much, how much customization we need to colors, obviously, but we can do that,

Matthias Miller  21:40
and then on the itemization you would put in,

Unknown Speaker  21:44
it would just be the building. I imagine, I imagine we're going to have some sort of

Speaker 1  21:52
product, cow, description, something or other macro that calculate that counts a bunch of information together regarding the building, information, like whatever, and that would be

Matthias Miller  22:02
the only RTO building, and that'll be so be orb 0001, it's an orb. What's your orb number?

Unknown Speaker  22:13
It's actually an orb. It's only,

Matthias Miller  22:17
oh, it's a product. I forgot it's orb. You've ever heard the Frank,

Matthias Miller  22:28
pretty

Speaker 1  22:32
our name is the okay, if is there ever, do you ever do this? I'm pretty sure you probably can do this. But like, if you went, if you clicked new invoice, and it generated this record and says, Go, find, go, go, go, select your contact. But the contacts not in there. Is there a way to generate a contact record that automatically fills back in after you're done with the contact record?

Matthias Miller  22:55
Not easily.

Unknown Speaker  22:58
So unless

Matthias Miller  22:59
you have a process by which you go create the contact and then new invoice from the contact. But you don't want to do that, because you

Speaker 1  23:06
want to do well, no, what I would say is we have a new contact button on the invoice record, and you just hold control and kick it into a new tab and create your contact. And then soon as you're done with that, come back and search your contacts.

Matthias Miller  23:18
But most people don't know to do that. Oh,

Speaker 1  23:21
so it is there, yeah. So that is, that is the new contact thing. That is the new contact thing. If it's okay, well, then that's, that's easily teachable, yes. Okay, so I'm, I'm not opposed to this. We just got to figure out how we're going to field some of the stuff on the product record to get into here. The main thing we probably have, we have a code here, and that would be the Building

Matthias Miller  23:48
ID. The Building ID with the drop list, probably primary ID, I can see, well, we're going to have a custom, well, I mean, primary ID is not going to be unique, just for what it's worth,

Matthias Miller  24:09
unless we enforce that it is no

Speaker 1  24:14
because primary and secondary ID are based on on information coming off of off of paperwork. So

Matthias Miller  24:19
we could tell me we do something like p1, 2345,

Unknown Speaker  24:28
something like that.

Speaker 1  24:35
So we carry a visible record number, and that record number actually injects itself into the invoice. When you invoice thing, invoice the thing,

Matthias Miller  24:43
yeah, you would see that. I mean, you'd see both the primary ID and the internal record number in here.

Speaker 1  24:53
Okay, is, is, is the Okay. Riddle me this. No, no, let's go. Go back to that. Go back to your invoice record. Here is, is the code column required? No, what's the one beside it? Quantity,

Matthias Miller  25:09
other one a selector. But we can also insert custom fields here. We could insert a custom whatever you anything you want here.

Speaker 1  25:19
So why? Why would? Why wouldn't we inject the building's primary ID?

Matthias Miller  25:27
I mean, we could have a building, you know, building, whatever we call our product, a PID, whatever we want to call it, and then have a description column that shows however we come up with this description, or that description would just be in the description. That's dumb.

Speaker 1  25:42
I don't know. I have no problem with this invoice record. I mean, we can figure it. We can haggle about, boy, did I just use the word haggle.

Matthias Miller  25:52
We can haggle. Yes, you did. We can.

Speaker 1  25:55
We can haggle about how to how to identify it. Part of me wants to say it's that's keep it pretty straightforward. My larger concern is fielding the information on the product record that needs to inject here, like, how are we going to the price, the resale price? We need it. We need to be able to fill field the resale price on the on the product.

Matthias Miller  26:19
We can suck that back in, as long as based on any rows any invoices that are paid.

Unknown Speaker  26:34
Does that make sense? You

Matthias Miller  26:42
would just create it. When you hit new invoice, it would presumably assign it to the manufacturer, and then it would set the invoice date to the day. It would set a quantity of one with the Building ID number, it would which would populate the description, and presumably it's non taxable. And then you would it would leave the unit price blank, and you got to go fill that in.

Unknown Speaker  27:10
Oh,

Matthias Miller  27:11
and then as soon as you save, I mean, and this would show you could even say something like, we do

Unknown Speaker  27:22
need to field in the we do need to field an amount that we want to sell it for. Okay, that's

Matthias Miller  27:30
what I've been trying it was trying to ask earlier, and I couldn't get a couldn't explain myself well enough.

Unknown Speaker  27:37
So

Speaker 1  27:39
I don't, don't think it should be in the cash collected. Is it? Is it maybe in the purchase financials, resale, resale amount. Well, I do like the whole, I do like the whole method and amount, so the resell and the buyback, that whole, that whole thing we had going on there, I did like that. And secondarily, it would be really stinking cool that, if we're if the manual, if we're invoicing the manufacturer for it, because they sold our building, and we want to also simultaneously pay them a commission and maybe even delivery fee that you could, we could populate them as in as discounts off of the amount that we're invoicing them. So you can do simultaneous now, otherwise you're doing a, otherwise you're doing a, like a two way invoicing process, which one might argue is a better way of doing it. But it would be kind of cool to to have a kind of a loose invoicing process a part of this. I hope I made some sense. Did I make some sense when I said,

Unknown Speaker  28:49
Okay, so I'm so annoyed with this thing, I

Matthias Miller  29:00
don't know why he did it like that.

Matthias Miller  29:08
So what I would say,

Speaker 2  29:12
let's get this thing fixed, because it's driving absolutely bonkers. I

Speaker 2  29:23
well that he did the same thing over there.

Matthias Miller  29:35
Okay, so shouldn't we have it kind of makes sense to have. I purchase. And I mean, these kind of go together. Should we have a? Should we move? I don't know, tell me. Stop me. Should we have a? I.

Speaker 1  30:12
Just copy that section back over there again that you have on the right hand side. You already have this over here, but it probably

Matthias Miller  30:20
doesn't match up from a not that the amount in the Commission, which means I need a bigger section. Well, premiums and commissions aren't going to exist like this

Unknown Speaker  30:30
anymore, right? Okay, so

Speaker 1  30:35
premiums, we are. We have that up in the in the purchase section, right?

Matthias Miller  30:39
Yeah. So this would actually make sense here, to do it like this. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  30:45
right, correct. And

Matthias Miller  30:51
then, okay, is there anything else we need in here, like, what's the method?

Speaker 1  30:55
So if, if it's, if it's a buyback method, then the commission information could go away. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  31:03
it could be hidden. Yes, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  31:19
buy back message.

Matthias Miller  31:25
Okay, so then this is the, this is not, I mean, this is the,

Unknown Speaker  31:33
I don't think date has a value here anymore.

Matthias Miller  31:39
Can we say this is the value, or the expected amount, projected, amount, requested, amount, desired amount.

Speaker 1  31:53
Just put them out. What I mean, it's, it's pretty, pretty clear what we're doing here. It's in the resale and buyback section,

Matthias Miller  32:00
okay? I mean, it's not going to be, it's not going to be this. We

Speaker 1  32:05
don't need the paid amount, because that will, that will fill that spot right there. Okay, so, I mean,

Matthias Miller  32:08
just to be clear, we're gonna have two mounts. One's the one that you want. They're both going to be called in some form amount, and the buy, buy back slash resale amount. One's going to be the one that you wanted for it, and one's going to be what you actually got. They're going to be in two different places, but they're gonna be labeled similarly.

Speaker 1  32:22
Okay, so then, then, okay. Chat, GBT, right. Chat, CBT, desired, amount, expected, amount. Tell them what we're doing. Let's go. It always comes up with good

Matthias Miller  32:36
ideas. Buy backslash Reese, what

Speaker 1  32:39
did we do before chat GPT? We had to actually think before chat GPT, good, to

Matthias Miller  32:46
think about different things. I had a very great talk about a guy who's basically like, look, you're just going to use a different part of your brain if you're actually

Unknown Speaker  33:02
going to be any you

Speaker 1  33:05
Oh, what did you say you chatgpt requires you to a different part of your brain. That's fair. That's that's actually true. So,

Matthias Miller  33:12
so lazy people will become, I mean, it is. It's just the true thing. Lazy people become dumber. Smart people become smarter. You, instead of you never use the part of your brain that says, How do I do long division anymore? You just solve a higher level problem, typically, if you're actually one of the smarter people, I would like to say target price or target amount.

Unknown Speaker  33:39
Target amounts. Fine.

Matthias Miller  33:47
Do you let's see, no, okay. Are you good with a section now,

Speaker 1  33:50
I kind of want to nix the boy do I want to nix the whole buyback, resale, discount matrix thing.

Unknown Speaker  34:00
It kind of just became speaking,

Unknown Speaker  34:02
it's kind of, you're not

Unknown Speaker  34:05
actually

Matthias Miller  34:08
looking at market value. You're just looking to see if you can make, make the money, aren't you? Or do you? Or do you want a mean, it could be used as a value calculator that says, but really it's only based on condition, and perhaps, I guess, perhaps age like this could be just a straight up value calculation.

Speaker 1  34:33
So if we're going to do calculation, then why don't we put a field right below the target amount, or right above the target amount, I don't care. Call it calculated

Unknown Speaker  34:49
something, calculated value.

Unknown Speaker  34:53
Yeah, calculated.

Matthias Miller  34:55
Before we do this, is there a 5% chance? Most people use this 10% 90%

Speaker 1  35:04
and that's why, that's why I was saying, I almost okay. The buyback one is definitely we would use here in our office. We would definitely use it. The resale one, it's, it's too hard to nail down. So part of me wants to say, part of me wants to say that there's a, okay, maybe it's a checkbox Dropbox, I don't know, but it's where, if you select the buyback, if, if you hit a checkbox that this manufacturer uses buybacks, then boom, it. It reveals the whole matrix, and you can fill it in. Otherwise, does

Matthias Miller  35:42
it make sense for other companies to use this for resale or

Speaker 1  35:47
not? What do you mean? Does it make sense for other companies to use this for resale? I just, it's, it's, I

Speaker 1  36:09
uh, there's, there's calculations on a resale value that are unfortunately kind of gut calls that someone's willing to say, I want to resell this building for x, I don't know that you can turn it into a a matrix like, Okay, I will say, um, okay, we could do it. We could do it slightly different. We could say, we do. Here's what would be valuable in cricket Valley. They have a their kind of standing discount is, say, 10% so if you're if you're a manufacturer that is set up on on resell, then we could give them Just a simple, standard resell discount field, which would calculate a calculated resale value and put it right above the target amount. And if you if this manufacturer is set up for buybacks, then you have the matrix.

Matthias Miller  37:12
I like that. Okay, now I get it. Okay. Basically, what the manufacturer is saying on a buyback is, I want to carry the risk of how long this is going to hang around. Just, I'll pay less for it, but I take the risk on whereas in a resale, it's like, well, effectively, you just get, I don't know, like,

Speaker 1  37:35
yeah, so well, on a resale, the RTO company says we want to get this amount of money out of it, please go sell it for as much as possible. And and so then the dealer goes and sells it, and hopefully they sell it for more than that, and they'll give us feedback sometimes, but there are kind of like the standard value, like cricket Valley says we always start with a 10% discount. So okay, fine. Let's give them that number, and that will automatically calculate and say the expected resale value of this building is x, but then you still got to go punch in the amount that you want,

Matthias Miller  38:06
sure that's fair.

Unknown Speaker  38:12
Something like,

Unknown Speaker  38:21
okay, because you don't know how to Merge.

Matthias Miller  38:27
Okay? And then here we would have a I

Speaker 2  38:54
in here, you might just put in 13,000 as in whatever, so that there's no override. That's right, that's, I think that

Unknown Speaker  39:05
that's actually usable.

Matthias Miller  39:08
Okay, so now we have, he sells and buybacks.

Unknown Speaker  39:13
Okay, now the only, the only thing is commission payment would not be a new invoice.

Matthias Miller  39:25
How does commission payments? Those are invoice handled separately.

Unknown Speaker  39:27
Well, it's not an invoice, it's a payment. Oh,

Matthias Miller  39:36
so we need a okay. So, okay, well, it'd be a new,

Speaker 1  39:46
new payment ideally, ideally, that invoice dollar value goes into a liability account that your accountant comes along and eventually pays out to the manufacturer. Accordingly. Yeah, right. I don't know that there's anything more that needs to be said there you could, you could say, once that amount is paid, it could show up a link there beside the commission payment that would link over to the accounting transaction of, yeah, there you go. View payment. I like that, and that's all good.

Matthias Miller  40:26
Yep, now we're down to depreciation, yes, where we were just a little bit ago. It seems like so that

Speaker 1  40:40
depreciation start date needs to go down with the method and the salvage value and the term years,

Matthias Miller  40:46
still you'll have a different start date for booking tax.

Unknown Speaker  40:50
No, I was just I was speaking esthetically

Matthias Miller  41:00
well, and I would also argue that the actual depreciation should act. The depreciation incurred would logically go below the settings. Not to get too smart here, but

Speaker 1  41:12
Well, all of this right now, the that, that premium commission things, goes away. There you go. Okay. Now, what was your your saying, What now,

Matthias Miller  41:21
I mean, technically, you would want the settings for, for depreciation,

Speaker 1  41:26
the above it, the of the above the RGS, yeah, yeah, that's that's fair.

Matthias Miller  41:32
So then you could have something like this, you have something like this, you have something like this, something like this, you wouldn't have the start date would be read only, well, okay, and here's a very anyway. We'll get into that.

Speaker 1  41:50
I would say they're auto filled. And if somebody wants to make it differently, then why would? Is there any, is there any reason you would have a different start date on your tax depreciation?

Matthias Miller  42:06
Well, tax depreciation is going to run by tax year, which depends on like,

Speaker 1  42:12
right? So, I mean, leave it editable. You know, it'll fill it from the start of contract, but I don't know,

Matthias Miller  42:24
yeah, leave it editable. Okay, we're not gonna. We don't need salvage value.

Speaker 1  42:28
I don't think we need salvage value. And I'm not sure we need terms and years. Either,

Matthias Miller  42:34
you need a useful life

Unknown Speaker  42:37
in months, don't you? We

Unknown Speaker  42:43
don't have anything like that in RTO Pro.

Matthias Miller  42:45
How do they know when to depreciate it? How fast to depreciate it is? That just basically,

Speaker 1  42:50
it's all based out of the method. So in the case of so straight line contract, the only time that you

Matthias Miller  42:58
would need, oh, that's what I'm thinking. So you're saying the method would determine the okay with the method also determine whether it's the first or current contract. If we go that down that route, what

Speaker 1  43:16
first? I don't know. Oh, I Oh, I see what you're saying. I don't have, I don't have clarity yet on whether I have some, some some invites out to have some conversation with people. I don't have clarity on on changing depreciation timeframes based on on change of contract. What I do know is that the only one that would need a useful the terms would be the depreciation method, where you say straight line and define the the number of months. That's the only time so everything else inside of RTO Pro, the timeframe on the depreciation is based on the method itself. So any of the makers 200 you can sometimes override, no, there is a there is a method in RTO pro called straight line. Let me see depreciation. Depreciation. Out of here, out of here, go. Wait no, stop it. Inventory Menu, depreciation, agent, setup. There is straight line. Number of months is changeable, is what they

Matthias Miller  44:39
call it. Okay? Here's what I would you can say, I need to talk to my

Speaker 1  44:45
appointments. No, no, no. Actually, this is actually easy. Uh, terms, yes, why not? Why not do the term length, and then if you, if you say straight line, like the contract, it automatically fills the terms. Okay?

Matthias Miller  44:58
I would like to. To me Sorry for being stupid. Straight line notes, no depreciation met all seeming to this. All depreciation methods work for very variable term lengths. So what I would rather say is on the, on the, on the manufacturer or the company. Record, when you set up a method, you say, I want to use straight line depreciation, and it has to use five year, and I want to set up this and it's a variable length, or I want to set this and it's a, it's a, it's contractor, its first contract term, or contract term, whatever it

Speaker 1  45:43
is. So you're arguing for actually building your own depreciation methods somewhere,

Matthias Miller  45:50
yes, as a way to manage

Speaker 1  45:54
but then, but then, how do you how are we going to end up accounting for building accelerated depreciation methods.

Matthias Miller  46:04
The depreciation method will take depreciate start date and potentially the amount paid in the next the as of date that you want to calculate, and from that calculates the next payment amount.

Speaker 1  46:22
So you would bake it into the calculation macro for it.

Matthias Miller  46:29
Yeah, my thought, Maybe I'm thinking wrong. My thought was that we would make depreciation methods be shipped records that have parsable expressions on them that calculate the depreciation. And so if you came along and said, I want a new depreciation method, I'm probably thinking way ahead. So maybe, maybe this is just another dumb idea. And if it is this, then it shouldn't be depreciation method, because depreciation method needs something. So two paths. Number one, we ship a record that says, This is how you calculate straight line depreciation. This is, you know, the double digit, whatever your your number, double your number, whatever this is, and then it has the math literally embedded into the ship record. The other option is that we find a way to something besides depreciation method. Because, to me, depreciation method be very persnickety does not imply useful life. It just it's a method with any number of you can have a useful life of one year, with straight line depreciation or 10 years, and the method doesn't care. But the way RTO pro presents it is a depreciation method is actually a method plus a useful life, except in some cases where a useful life is variable.

Speaker 1  47:51
Would it be helpful if I just, if I, if I dropped an image of their explanation? Sure. I mean, if it's not, fine, why can't I print this like that would be super helpful, print

Unknown Speaker  48:10
to PDF. I

Speaker 1  48:41
um no, no, I don't want to do that. How do I get this document? Oh, this is, let's see transfer files. How to Upload, how to download, okay, okay, download to local PC. Okay, so let's go there into downloads. Download to local PC, voila. Okay, so then open up this over to here, come on, move, grab you.

Unknown Speaker  49:33
Okay. File has been dropped to you. Wait What

Speaker 2  49:43
now, download it. What the heck? Is that? How it works? So

Unknown Speaker  49:55
keep it scrolling.

Unknown Speaker  49:59
There you go. Over lease term, no

Matthias Miller  50:04
depreciation while in stock. How do you

Unknown Speaker  50:11
all the maker stuff is accelerated depreciation,

Matthias Miller  50:16
okay, but modified term, okay, types of terms of lease straight line and release term, except when it does not depreciate. So it's a straight line of the anticipated, but you just turn it off when it's in stock. You stop depreciating. It

Matthias Miller  50:36
straight line from date received number of months. Do then you have a certain X number of year recovery period, 50% bonus for economic stimulus. Act of 2008 Okay, so they so the so they're slightly different, okay, they have a 15 DB hy convention, three year recovery period.

Unknown Speaker  51:12
I'm curious. I

Matthias Miller  51:39
you deduct double the straight line, switching to straight line when it gives a bigger deduction,

Unknown Speaker  51:47
also accelerated less aggressively.

Matthias Miller  51:56
Okay, so I don't know why they see to me, the 150 DB and tuner DB is just the rate of depreciation and the fact that so in my mind, there's three ways to calculate terms. One, fixed time frames. Two, lease term. Three, um, active rental, basically

Unknown Speaker  52:28
not, not quite the close.

Speaker 1  52:36
So number two modified, so if it turns it off while it's in stock, then what happens when it goes back out on lease? It just picks back up based on the original term,

Matthias Miller  52:50
I guess so. And does it just extend the useful life indefinitely?

Unknown Speaker  52:58
I mean, that just seems

Speaker 1  53:00
okay. I get the feeling we're gonna have to punt this conversation until I have some I have some better clarity from some individuals.

Matthias Miller  53:08
I have a fairly strong with potentially misinformed opinion that we should have two distinct things. One is, how do you calculate depreciation, and what length of time for the depreciation? And if we call that a depreciation method, because that's, I don't know, I feel very strongly that the calculation approach, the algorithm, the whatever you call it, typically the depreciation method. And the terms are two district distinctly different things. We can tie them together for an easy selection for the manufacturer. But anyway, I'll shut up.

Speaker 1  53:46
Okay, let me make sure I understand what you're saying. So let's talk in the context, in two different contexts, one context of straight line, so obviously you would have a depreciation method of straight line, yes. And then the secondary piece would be, you define either a fixed term length, in other words, on the manufacturer or on the rent to own company. You say, we're going to depreciate all buildings on a five year term length. Straight line, yep. Okay. And so then every time you select depreciation, every building, no matter if it's 24 months or a five year or a 60 month contract, those are all going to be depreciated a five year rate, yep. Okay. Secondarily,

Matthias Miller  54:39
you could say

Speaker 1  54:42
so that would be, that would be straight line method one. What would be your straight line method?

Matthias Miller  54:47
No, this isn't. They don't offer straight line over five years. They do the 200 DB or the 150 dB over a fixed period. That would

Speaker 1  54:58
Okay, obvious. I'm. Confused, on, on, on, your very strongly held opinion. So maybe, maybe run back through and explain.

Matthias Miller  55:07
You can have straight line over one year two, year three, year four, year five, year in the real world, you can have the tuner dB over one year two, year three, year four, year five. Year in the real world, you can have 150 dB over one, year two, year three, year four, year five, years. Got it. That's my point. My point is straight line is a way to calculate the value. That's how you calculate it. The second piece is, how long? What's the time frame that you calculate it for, and what? And they smash these things together for a reason that I don't comprehend.

Speaker 1  55:46
Oh, I can. I can very well tell you that it probably started a very short list. And people kept asking for things, and rather than give you really good ways to configure these things, they just kept adding methods.

Speaker 2  55:56
Yes, so that's basically

Speaker 1  56:00
Okay, so what you're what you're actually saying is that you would have straight line, and then you would say,

Matthias Miller  56:09
okay, straight line, 200 DB and 150

Speaker 1  56:12
dB. Okay. And then, let me say it this way. On the manufacturer record, you would have a depreciation section, an RG of depreciation section, you would have straight line and accelerator, or straight line and makers, or straight line and whatever, whatever the two methods we're going to call them. And in each one of those, every time you create one, you put a time frame to it, and then you that that generates your list of

Unknown Speaker  56:35
of methods. Yes,

Speaker 1  56:38
so, so we would say that the algorithm says straight line by whatever the field is, the time frame field. So then the question, so then, whenever you're entering a building, you would get your list of of rent to own company methods. You would have a drop list of those. So the RTO and I love this, by the way, just just, I love where you're going with this, because what, what that means is that a RTO company can say, well, I use makers 150 or I used makers 200 Okay, fine, no problem. Or I use straight line, okay, no problem. So if you depreciate all buildings on straight line over five years, well, then you only have one depreciation method. If you, if you depreciate straight line on 234, and five years. Well, now you have five methods, and you you choose the correct one according the length of the term of the contract that you are inputting. Is that what I'm understanding

Matthias Miller  57:30
from you some something like that? Yes. Then my only little caveat is this marriage between method and useful life needs a different term besides depreciation. Well, maybe there's a

Unknown Speaker  57:46
here. Let's do this.

Matthias Miller  57:51
You have fixed lease, term rental period

Speaker 1  57:57
and customizable. No, I think you can get rid of, I think you can get rid of some of these, like, literally, your build your you build the methods that you use. If you offer two, year three, year four, year five, year contracts. Well, then you have five. You have four methods of depreciation to choose

Matthias Miller  58:12
from. But don't you want to automatically tie it out to when you put in a building, don't you, don't you. Then need to say for this term, here's the default which we can here's the default depreciation method. Why would we just do that?

Speaker 1  58:33
And then, well, we can default it during contract entry. We can default it by validating between the term of the RTO contract and the length of the depreciation method, we can pre populate it based on that default. And then, if someone says no, no, no, for whatever reason, we're going to depreciate this two year contract on a five year fine. Well then change the hit, the drop down and change it.

Matthias Miller  59:02
You I think something like

Unknown Speaker  59:21
a this thing out is

Unknown Speaker  59:25
awesome,

Speaker 1  59:29
dude. This is, this was, this was a test print, because we're going to, this will actually be, be printed with two colors, three colors, maybe. But this was, this was just a test print, dude. This is so much I'm having too much fun. Okay, back to it. Back to work.

Unknown Speaker  59:47
So

Matthias Miller  59:49
can we well, okay, my point is, let's be very clear that a depreciation schedule. Here's my proposal. Okay, what? Method and accountant understand this, depreciation method equals straight line, 50 dB, etc, depreciation schedule equals equals method plus

Unknown Speaker  1:00:19
length plus five years, etc.

Matthias Miller  1:00:33
So I, I'm just, I just want, I just want to be clear in our terminology,

Speaker 1  1:00:38
dude, we just, you just specked out depreciation. Yes, you did. I wanted to punt the conversation. Then you got all opinionated.

Matthias Miller  1:00:50
I'm sorry. No, there's nothing to be sorry about. This is the thing I care about. You need to be very clear in your definition a depreciation method is a way of calculating how much depreciation you pay a schedule is a method plus a time frame, sure. Okay, so I don't know that I expect anything out which you could do. Let's

Speaker 1  1:01:14
spec it now, because this is going to go on the RTO contract record. Sorry, this is going to go on the RTO Company record,

Matthias Miller  1:01:22
okay, so on the RTO company, which you could do, you're

Speaker 1  1:01:25
not you're never going to find you're never going to find RTO companies. See,

Matthias Miller  1:01:33
this is my wife. Rolled her eyes and groaned and laughed all at once and probably cried a little bit over me. I had this thought recently that when I always back into parking spaces as much as I can, it's safer and and I noticed

Speaker 1  1:01:47
recently, whoa, you can't just gloss over that. Why is that safer?

Matthias Miller  1:01:51
Because there is, because you're almost always parking between parked vehicles, so there's no unexpected movement. Whereas if you're pulling if you pull into a parking spot and pull out any then you will encounter very likely moving traffic, and there's a higher probability you introduce two variables into the backing process. It increases volatility and increases the chances of accidents. Get a newer car with a backup camera. It's prove it. No. Backup cameras have their own issue, because they make you lazy and they introduce blind spots that you become accustomed to ignoring.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:21
So buy a Tesla which has five cameras. Fine.

Matthias Miller  1:02:26
I noticed I always back in at home. I noticed it's getting really hard for me to back in. And I'm like, What is the deal like? And finally, I think to check my mirror, and I'm like, Oh, my mirrors like pointed way into my car. And if I just adjust my mirror so they can actually see it's actually pointed where it needs to be, I can point it. And my wife just looks at me and she's like, sometimes you are so smart.

Speaker 1  1:02:52
And then there are the other times, oh my goodness, you're so smart some days you're dumb some

Matthias Miller  1:02:57
days. So speaking of searching for the wrong thing in the wrong thing, the wrong place, Dwayne's awesome RTO company. So one of the things that we could do, if we wanted to, is, on the available terms, we could add a column saying default, depreciation, no, just a separate RG,

Speaker 1  1:03:13
yeah, that's not, that's not convoluted with with RTO terms.

Matthias Miller  1:03:19
Okay, so, so tell me what you're thinking.

Speaker 1  1:03:21
Okay, well, I think that we ship with a couple, maybe it's three different meth methods. It is. If I'm using the, okay, we're gonna, I'm gonna use method. So, so we would ship with a straight line. We would ship with a with a makers 200 and a makers 150 because that's the at the core. They're all, they're all 150 or

Unknown Speaker  1:03:46
200 yes, there exactly.

Speaker 1  1:03:50
Now, number eight, I don't understand. Oh, that's the Stimulus Act. 2008

Matthias Miller  1:03:54
that doesn't matter if we have

Speaker 1  1:03:56
to, if we have to handle some special thing like that, we'll go and we'll go and add another method. But all the rest of our makers 200 are makers 150 so fine. We do straight line makers, 150 makers 200 those are the three methods that we ship with. Yep. And then your secondary column is your use. Well, I don't know what you want to call it, but useful life

Matthias Miller  1:04:20
column. So you have the method, method, you have useful life, and then on. So here we have methods, and then we have useful life, and then we have, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:41
if you wanted to be snazzy, we just would put in 12345,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:46
just in years.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:48
Okay, fine. You want to do it in

Matthias Miller  1:04:50
months. I don't care. But, like, don't you? I, I haven't run an RTO company. Doesn't, don't this doesn't this. Need to start with a list, with a drop list. This, lease

Speaker 2  1:05:06
length? Well, it's like

Speaker 1  1:05:09
you're overthinking this again. We're not, we're not doing any of that. We're going to force. We're going to go to a much more simplistic method. We're going to say, okay, lease length. We're gonna, we're gonna, we're going to validate between we're going to auto populate the correct useful life number with that corresponds with the contract length. So if it's a three year contract, we're going to auto populate straight line for a year. Good. Okay, so literally, I think it's a two it's a two column. RG, that says method and useful life. And so if you do straight line as a company, then a straight line, 234, and five.

Matthias Miller  1:05:51
But why wouldn't you just? Why do you need to populate useful life? You have your terms

Unknown Speaker  1:06:00
say that again.

Matthias Miller  1:06:02
Why isn't it? Isn't this basically saying, I'm so confused here still. Why would you put in useful? Is this tied to you're not going to say for every building, I'm always just going to do a three year. Or are you

Speaker 1  1:06:17
so okay? What I where I was going with this. You're you're going back around to doing something a slightly bit differently. But what I imagined is a stack of four RG rows. If a company does straight line, it would say straight line, two years, straight line, three years. Straight Line four year, straight line five year, okay, if, if so, so that would allow you as a company to say, we only use one method of depreciation. Straight line five here, we're going to depreciate all buildings on five years useful life. Maybe your accountant requires you do that. I don't know. Well now you just got one method so, but if you depreciate, instead of saying lease length, which, okay, if you want to go to that, we can do that then, but then we have to go handle the variable length stuff that you want to, you know, the fixed length. So maybe it is okay, maybe you're saying that it's, it's three columns. Then if you say a fixed length, then you have to have a third row for, for putting in the number of for the useful life. Is that what you're saying

Matthias Miller  1:07:29
I was, the reason I cared about this was because I thought we might want to default the useful life based on the contract

Speaker 1  1:07:36
term. Well, I Yes, that's what I was. I was going to come up with an under the hood way to say, look at the contract term and look for the corresponding useful life number in the RG of depreciation, and auto populate the correct one. Now maybe I was going, I'm I'm going simplistic on one side and complicated on the other, and you're going more complicated on this side and simplistic on the other. So pick your poison, I guess is what I'm saying.

Matthias Miller  1:08:09
Well, why?

Matthias Miller  1:08:19
How does this RTO pro give you only a single method, yes, and it applies that method

Speaker 1  1:08:27
everywhere. Okay? The way that RTO Pro does this, it tells you to go create an agent. I know this bothers you as an as a terminology, but it says, go create an agent and put a method inside of it, and then you select the agent when you're doing contract entry. Okay, that's the way they do this. I think it should be a little bit more simplistic, rather than creating an agent like that's just straight up, go select the method, and you define those methods based on what you build out on the RTO Company record that we were just talking through.

Matthias Miller  1:09:10
So if you wanted a simplistic way, why not have I

Matthias Miller  1:09:34
uh, schedules, available schedules that you put on the company. It's this method, plus this length, this method, than this length, this method, this length, exactly. That's what I was saying. And then on the terms, if you wanted to, you could have a default schedule.

Speaker 1  1:09:56
You want to do it that way, versus just doing a macro under the hood that pick. Is the correct one based on the useful life, based on the length and years that corresponds with

Matthias Miller  1:10:04
your you could say, if there's only one method for this particular length, then pick it. If there's only one method or one schedule overall, then pick it. But you can't always deterministically know, okay, um, uh,

Speaker 1  1:10:23
it feels a little bit obnoxious to go up here to the terms record and now create your to create your depreciation methods over here, but now go over here and assign it to what your defaults are. So maybe we do go back to your method of saying lease term. And then I guess you could, you could also have an option for we, we went to a three column, RG, and the third column is for if you, if you select a defined term and you just put the number in there,

Matthias Miller  1:10:57
that's what I was thinking. That's fair. So then,

Speaker 1  1:11:03
for the sake of this conversation, put straight line underneath the method, method, instead of 2024, because it's

Matthias Miller  1:11:08
bugging me, straight line. And then this is, this is fixed length. And then this is the you want

Unknown Speaker  1:11:17
to do years or months

Speaker 1  1:11:19
lengths and years, yep. So put five in there. So now let's, let's add a secondary row, just for the sake of this conversation, and let's go to straight line contract length. And then that would, would, that would just be blank, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:36
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And you

Unknown Speaker  1:11:42
could do the exact same thing with the maker stuff.

Matthias Miller  1:11:45
Yeah, exactly. Okay. Now this doesn't limit to say, Well, you can't use, there's no validation. If somebody wants to say, I want to use Baker's tuner DB on a five year building, but commitment, whatever, we don't think you should that.

Speaker 1  1:12:08
Look, I'm not going to be your your nanny if you want to go use the wrong method on the on the building. That's your problem. Now I do, I do think that we probably should create some really cool tools that allow you to go rejigger your depreciation, if you if you really screwed it up.

Speaker 1  1:12:38
So then back over to the back over to the product record, then really we only need to field, we only really need to field the start date and the method, or the schedule, whatever you want to call it, that's all that needs to be there, those two, right?

Matthias Miller  1:12:56
Well, I mean, do you want to start assigning names to the schedule?

Speaker 1  1:12:59
Well, it would be whatever you have selected over here. Wouldn't it be the what

Matthias Miller  1:13:06
if we would, what if we would give you a Is this too weird a method? So you select the method first, then you have a drop list or edit box of,

Matthias Miller  1:13:31
I mean, we're read only,

Speaker 1  1:13:33
riddle me this, but that That list could be a concatenation of that of The schedule from a naming standpoint,

Matthias Miller  1:13:41
yes, yeah. I mean, you could, you could

Unknown Speaker  1:13:45
do, yeah, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:55
Wow, I did not want to do that.

Matthias Miller  1:13:59
It's all knowing what to copy. Something like this, straight line, fixed five years, or straight or straight line contract length, exactly. No. This is schedule. It is.

Speaker 1  1:14:11
It is the schedule. And then I do think underneath each one of these, there should be a URL to a report that looks at the start date, looks at your method, looks at the price of the building, and literally just builds you a cute little thing of that will, that will give you a breakdown for the exact term length of and it'll just, it'll just basically give you, like you could you break down. It'll, it'll just break the whole thing out for the entire term length. It'll tell you every dollar that's going to come off on what time frame

Matthias Miller  1:14:42
you okay, and then we want the, I think we want to show the end of useful life, the calculated end of useful life.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:53
Why is that valuable?

Matthias Miller  1:14:54
Okay, I'm not billing for accountants. I.

Matthias Miller  1:15:02
Okay, now, do we have separate schedules for tax? Tax versus Yes, absolutely. So this is the book schedule. Book

Speaker 1  1:15:10
Yep, book schedule, and then you have, you have the tax schedule over on the other side. That should be on the other side.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:19
Tax schedule,

Speaker 1  1:15:29
and put a start date above, and we're gonna have start date on both, okay, yeah, both, yep,

Matthias Miller  1:15:37
okay. Then we have, okay. We have book schedule premium. Ah, you stick

Speaker 1  1:15:42
and the preview depreciation should give you a breakdown of both of those at the same time. If you hit the preview depreciation, it'll give you both the book and the and the tax the exact same time in the same report. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:02
I hate what am I doing.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:09
Dude, we just expect depreciation. Man,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:15
well, mostly,

Matthias Miller  1:16:21
90% of it. What we

Unknown Speaker  1:16:26
didn't do is

Matthias Miller  1:16:29
we still have questions that you still need to go to your point, that we have the data model, but not the calculations. Basically, yeah, yeah. Tax year, I'm still not I'm very nervous about weird tax years.

Speaker 1  1:16:50
But the model, the model is here, I think, like a lot of the calculation stuff is, is, is, needs to be thought through, yeah, but the the model is here, which is, yeah, really, really important, okay, and we need to find that that whole some of this stuff goes over on the manufacturer or the RTO Company record.

Matthias Miller  1:17:17
Okay, let me sorry, okay, so maybe we should

Unknown Speaker  1:17:22
okay. This is okay.

Matthias Miller  1:17:29
This is fixed. Hide the RG. This needs to go the manufacturer. Record dude.

Speaker 1  1:17:36
When you build a software from the ground up, you can just do some things elegantly, that depreciation schedule thing that is, that is just good.

Matthias Miller  1:17:44
Do you see how? Anyway, I think you understand now what they were doing was so dumb.

Speaker 1  1:17:49
Well, yes, I know. I know that the way they were doing is dumb. It's because, like, it turned into 1000 different methods. Okay, it turned into a whole bunch of methods because it needed support certain things. But rather than go build nice tools and nice, elegant ways to define this stuff, it just, he just wrote it. He just coded it under the hood. Here's another method and here's another method and here's another method. Well, that's just unuseful well.

Matthias Miller  1:18:17
And this is also what happens once you have a cash cow product. This is what happened to the DOS version of investor tools. Product is nobody took the time to care about structure, quality, maintainability, refactoring, any of that stuff. I

Matthias Miller  1:18:45
Okay, are you good? Okay, then, so then this, this goes on the I.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:11
Wait, what time did you say you need to drop off? It's 430

Matthias Miller  1:19:13
Well, he's typically hops on. It's my call with

Unknown Speaker  1:19:21
with Alice. With Alice,

Matthias Miller  1:19:25
if we tell

Speaker 1  1:19:26
him that he needs, he needs to hop on. I'd love to just catch up a second with him.

Speaker 1  1:19:39
I need to give you some some mad props. I just need to get you to get you to the point where you're just frustrated, and then you start spitting

Matthias Miller  1:19:47
out good ideas. Yeah, I'm learning. I'm learning not to lie. I

Matthias Miller  1:19:57
wonder if we could Okay, are you good? Okay with them implementing Yes, this okay, yes. I wonder too, if Okay, so let me go to Seth. I think we're at a place you

Unknown Speaker  1:20:18
want to have him jump on and review this,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:23
the product record.

Speaker 1  1:20:39
We took a carving knife to this product. Record. Man, this

Matthias Miller  1:20:43
is good. I feel really good. I do too. Did you know The Did you see the figma, recent figma valuation? The who was like a software mock up tool? There's some big news story. Did you also see the perplexity made an offer to buy Chrome for about 32 billion.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:06
No, I did not see 32 billion

Matthias Miller  1:21:11
and and they said that, what was I saying? I completely lost it.

Matthias Miller  1:21:26
Google might be forced to sell it anyway because of antitrust.

Speaker 1  1:21:35
Can you imagine? Why? Why would? Why is it anti why isn't it? Why is it an antitrust thing for Chrome.

Matthias Miller  1:21:42
I mean, Google's The default search engine, just kind of monopoly control kind of stuff. I find it very weird that Windows, Microsoft got into trouble with the DOJ for bundling Internet Explorer with Windows. But we have way more entrenched in monopolistic entrenchment now than we ever did with that like it's just stupid. Also talking about my unfiltered opinions. Hi, Seth, hey,

Speaker 3  1:22:10
I love hearing your unfiltered opinions. Thanks.

Speaker 1  1:22:15
Interesting. We took, we took a carving knife to this product record, and super stoked a

Matthias Miller  1:22:22
Let's go. I got very adamant about

Unknown Speaker  1:22:25
you were a farmer's wife chasing it around.

Speaker 1  1:22:27
Oh, listen, I if your dad shows up, I'm gonna I am totally making a joke about you got to push if you want good ideas on a Matthias, you push him to the point where he's frustrated and then suddenly just starts spitting things out. It's just like, Wait, that's great, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:22:46
well, that happened with depreciation. Dwayne was like, anyway, we were going ran and ran and ran. Frustration level, still stupid. It's still stupid. I'm sorry. I can't explain it. It's still stupid. And then he gave me the compliment of the week, saying I actually had a good idea the product record. So we took a massive

Speaker 3  1:23:08
didn't say that that was the best idea he'd had, yet. It

Matthias Miller  1:23:11
was the best idea Dwayne had this week. It really is best

Speaker 1  1:23:15
idea I had this week was push Matthias until he's frustrated, he'll start spitting

Unknown Speaker  1:23:20
out good ones. That's hilarious. Um,

Matthias Miller  1:23:24
okay, so the Okay, so up here is pretty, pretty simple, rental company, manufacturer, dealer, salesperson, same thing, tags. We're killing the RG button. It's just confusing, and it has no utility whatsoever. And then we have a type structure and other this would only be visible if, if only visible for other type, you have a contract signature date, we have the order date, purchase date, purchase, amount,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:55
manufacturing, result, Type to structure, not necessarily.

Matthias Miller  1:24:00
Probably could, yeah, well, will this come to the contract entry?

Unknown Speaker  1:24:04
What if we have a, what if we have, oh, that way.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:16
I mean, probably could.

Speaker 3  1:24:17
I wonder if we want to have a, if we want to have an option like a setting system switch or setting somewhere for default type, I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:24:29
not understanding the question, maybe not. Do

Speaker 3  1:24:34
you want them to manually set the type every time to structure or other or

Speaker 1  1:24:42
I'm fine defaulting into structure. We are building it for the rent to the shed, rent to own industry. So let's default infrastructure.

Matthias Miller  1:24:58
Okay, then we have purchased some. Out we no longer have, I mean, yes, we had all kinds of duplicate fields, which we don't have anymore, manufacturer premium. We did not talk about this, but don't we have a type of Do we just calculate the value automatically? Or do you want a percent and $1

Speaker 1  1:25:15
value? We're going to have to put a, this would go on the manufacturer record. We're going to put a, wait a minute. I thought we did have a, I thought we had a setting on the manufacturer record for we do.

Matthias Miller  1:25:28
It's here as a percentage. Actually,

Speaker 1  1:25:30
yes, that's right. So we would, we would calculate, yes, calculate the value.

Matthias Miller  1:25:35
Okay, so this is a

Speaker 1  1:25:38
purchase amount times, times whatever the manufacturer percentage, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:25:44
amount collected by the manufacturer, and then the amount paid to the manufacturer, which would tie out to a you invoice, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:25:57
No, it'd be payment. No,

Matthias Miller  1:25:59
it's payment. That's dumb balance ODE, which is just the balance. Okay, then we have the structure. We got primary and secondary, ID, invoice number, Bill date, model, slash series, which is a drop down dimensions, which is feet by feet, 10 by 12, width by length.

Speaker 1  1:26:15
We we mix the feet and inches thing, and just went we copy what assist has is just dimensions and width and length boxes. We're not defining which is width and length. We're going to assume that everybody speaks of the width first and the length second. It's just two boxes, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:26:33
roof style, roof color setting type setting color, trim style, trim color. We can't call it citing style, but anyway, and then the last condition, which is this actually going to be a field, or is it going to be auto calculated off of a transit record?

Speaker 1  1:26:51
I think it'll be auto populated someday from the transit record. I think that that's right, but for the most field for now, yeah, keep well, keep it as drop list for now.

Matthias Miller  1:27:00
Yep. So we then have, we put this in the spec, but there's grades, A through F of the condition of it. Then we got cash collected, which is just total amount of cash collected. Then there's the buyback, resell. There's a new invoice button. Why would the Why would this be a view invoice, and why would we have the new invoice down here under the target amount, if necessary,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:28
sure,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:34
curious what percentage of buildings are bought back then

Speaker 1  1:27:39
depends on the agreement. Depends on the agreement between the RTO company and the and the manufacturer. So most of the times, we have some manufacturer settings over here on the right hand side that we'll talk about in a bit. But you'll set on the manufacturer record. You're going to set what type of method that deals with reseller, buyback. So and if there's a, if it's a resale, re if they're set up for resale, then you'll, you'll define the default resale discount percentage that will auto calculate a building's resale price in the event that once that, once that building has been retrieved. But if you're set up for buyback, then we're going to create this cool matrix that auto calculates what the what the resale or what the buyback dollar value should be, but

Speaker 3  1:28:27
like, what percentage of contracts do you have to retrieve? Retrieve the building? Is this a one, one out of three, one out of five?

Speaker 1  1:28:36
No, no, this is most RTO companies run around the 10% mark, so one out of 10?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:52
No, I struggle to do that math. Thank you.

Speaker 1  1:29:00
I couldn't let that one lay. It was just it was just standing there. Just

Unknown Speaker  1:29:05
had to poke it. All right, good. So then I'm

Speaker 3  1:29:15
going to be coding late fees, but I can't figure out that 10% is one out of 10.

Speaker 1  1:29:21
Well, you know, it's never the complex math that gets you. It's always the

Unknown Speaker  1:29:28
simple one man,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:34
all right,

Matthias Miller  1:29:38
so then we show contracts as an RG, pretty straightforward, a few tweaks, but pretty straightforward, reselling, buyback. So on the manufacturer we are going to define, let's jump over to this. On the manufacturer record, we're going to say whether they do resell or buyback. Buyback basically means the manufacturer buys the building and takes on the risk for selling it and makes any money that they can off of the sale. Resell means that rent to own company takes the risk, keeps the building, and obviously pays the it just depends who keeps more money based on, I mean, who carries the risk is who makes more money then we have the effective date. This is only visible for

Unknown Speaker  1:30:25
buyback.

Matthias Miller  1:30:30
Okay, so on a, on a, on a resale discount, we calculate the resale value just off of a discount, off the cash price of the bill, of the original purchase price, right? Purchase amount, yep, but on a buyback, we will calculate an amount based on there are two effective dates. One, when did you ask? When did the manufacturer ask for retrieval? And two, when was retrieval completed? Because the manufacturer might say, look, it's your problem. I told you to collect it six weeks ago. I'm not paying more. I'm not paying more just because it took you six weeks to get the building. Other manufacturers might negotiate in a way that, okay, well, we'll pay based on, on the on when the building was retrieved. Then we then we have a matrix on a buyback. They'll be listed.

Speaker 3  1:31:18
There's an RTO company not necessarily own the bill. Doesn't own the building.

Speaker 1  1:31:27
You kind of had that one around backwards Matthias. So let me an RTO company when the I want to have the two different calculation points, because if an RTO company issues it to the manufacturer to pick up. Let's say, for example, we work with the manufacturer's haulers, and we say, on January 1, we issued it for pickup, and you didn't pick it up for 10 months. I'm not taking a steeper discount when I sell it back to you, because you were really, really slow on picking up that building. So you may want to set a your buyback trigger points at the point of of requested and and that's when it calculates from, or you can say from, when it's completed. And you just, it just means you have to stay on top of haulers to get them done. Because it on on this time frame. Usually it's like a six months and a 12 months and a 18 month, I have to go ask Leanne again, what the what the number of months is that the building is out for, but there's a pretty big discount percentage difference between a building that's only been out for six months versus a building that's been out for, say, 18 months. We're willing to take a much steeper discount on a building that's been out 18 months, because generally, you get more money on that in that timeframe, and you're willing just to give it a steeper discount for the manufacturer to buy it back. But you don't want this, these two different triggers, kind of protects against a somebody who's really, really slow at getting pickups

Speaker 3  1:33:05
done. So the manufacturer may be doing the retrieval a lot of necessarily, it depends. A

Speaker 1  1:33:10
lot of times. Yes, okay, that makes sense. Yeah. Oftentimes, a manufacturer, you know, may have their own haulers, and, you know, we'll issue the and it's not always the case, but this gives you two different options for doing this most of the time, most of the time, it will be set for when the retrieval is completed. That's why most will use it. But this one kind of gives you another option to say, well, you know what requested is going to be the time frame.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:51
All right, so

Speaker 1  1:33:56
do we want the do we want the percentages in the matrix to be two decimal points. I think yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:06
sure we

Matthias Miller  1:34:10
wouldn't want to do it here, because that would be weird. I

Unknown Speaker  1:34:23
bingo, okay, okay, so,

Matthias Miller  1:34:26
so then this will calculate out the manufacturer record. This will calculate the appropriate value. You will specify a target amount. You'll create a new invoice, which we'll get into that we need to finesse the details, but basically planning to use Shift invoice records and and all of that commission percentage is only visible for buyback or for resell, not buybacks. You can override the commission dollars if you want to, and then record. Commission, payment, depreciation. We'll have a start date on both the book and tax schedule, which will default to the contract start date. We will grab the book. No, the book schedule will be we'll get into that. It's a drop list between book and tax. We'll have a preview report to show schedule. We'll have a and then we'll record actual depreciation events

Unknown Speaker  1:35:30
appropriately. And of course, we have the notes.

Matthias Miller  1:35:35
There are so a few very percentage per snickety terms. There is a payment method. Is basically the mathematic algorithm for determining what it is. And straight line just means it's just fixed amounts. There's things where you do 2x 150 or 1.5x straight line. 2x straight line. Those are the only three methods we're going to

Speaker 1  1:36:02
implement. You said persnickety terms. It is depreciation method. It's not payment method.

Matthias Miller  1:36:07
Oh, good, gracious. Depreciation method is the persnickety

Speaker 1  1:36:10
term you were. You started your sentence with persnickety terms,

Matthias Miller  1:36:13
and then, and then the in addition to that, then you will well, and with the one to 2x if it ever drops lower than straight line, then you just use straight line. But that, that's a detail. So the method is the math, the schedule is the math plus the length of time and so on the on the RTO company, we plan to say here the available, what's the what are the methods? So you can use a straight line for a fixed length. So straight line five year, or you can say straight line contract length, in which case we'll just adapt to the contract length. And so you put in all the available schedules that you want to use. This becomes a dropless macro that sets hidden fields of macro and or method and useful life

Unknown Speaker  1:37:07
effectively.

Speaker 1  1:37:10
So effectively, whereas Matthias bring up a document, bring up the document from RTO pro so he can see what we're avoiding.

Matthias Miller  1:37:19
Um, sure. This is this. This is the, where is it

Speaker 1  1:37:28
that little RG becomes an elegant solution to avoid just hideousness.

Matthias Miller  1:37:36
This is their this is their schedule. I uh huh.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:52
Oh, my word

Speaker 1  1:37:53
makes your head hurt, doesn't it? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:37:58
like, why would you I mean, it's not, I know, depreciation, it's not that complicated.

Speaker 1  1:38:09
There is RTO pro literally has a method for like number, number 3467, and eight are literally all just very like, they're all variations of the makers of the makers depreciation. And it's like, rather than give you an elegant way to say it's maker's depreciation with this recovery period, it's, it's like, they give you an option for every single one. So it's like, this is stupid. Let's just use an RG and say, here's the method, and here's the way that you know we're going to schedule for it. And if so, it's just my goodness. It makes depreciation just stupid simple to select,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:47
right? Oh, yeah. So there you go. I

Matthias Miller  1:39:11
clears myself,

Speaker 3  1:39:14
depreciation scheduled the last the length column is only if it's a fixed length, right? It's only added to me. Otherwise, it's just, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:39:28
right. Makes sense.

Speaker 3  1:39:38
And do you have stuff specked in the proposal, or is it mainly just here? And then we need a copy to the proposal.

Matthias Miller  1:39:49
This is all this. The proposal needs to be updated to match this. Okay? Make.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:00
Think it's fairly clear for me with the buyback and resale matrix stuff, is that that's just an RG where they can add number of months and grade and percentage stuff. Yes, okay, presumably these repeating column really done because we just

Matthias Miller  1:40:26
have a fixed we have a fixed growth rates, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:32
and they just work with it yes, because there's Yeah. Okay, and then we require the percentage on each one I assume,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:53
presumably,

Speaker 3  1:41:02
I I think I know enough. I just need to go try to get this into the proposal. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:41:17
yep, okay, good, yeah, I like it.

Speaker 2  1:41:35
Awesome. Well, anything else should I drop?

Matthias Miller  1:41:39
No, that's it. Quick question, how long is your dad in Bangladesh,

Speaker 3  1:41:46
till the, let me see, I think till like the 23rd or something. Okay, yeah, 23rd it's good to know. Sorry, he'll be back back 23rd and then we're, we have a trip over Labor Day weekend, so he'll be out, I think probably out some of the 29th Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:42:11
Sounds good. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:14
Hey. Thank you.

Speaker 1  1:42:15
Thanks. Thanks. Seth, do you want to try to, do you want to try and stick something in Monday or Tuesday? Hopefully by that point, Josh might have sent you an email on his thoughts, and we can rat that thing out, that maybe

Matthias Miller  1:42:33
I'm pretty I'm pretty open. I

Speaker 1  1:42:38
kind of want to do something Monday afternoon so we can nail that thing to the wall. Going to do

Matthias Miller  1:42:46
90 minutes. We can do three to 430 Eastern. I'm

Speaker 1  1:42:50
looking at my calendar once we can go earlier. Month, month, month. This would be the 18th Correct? Yeah. So my whole entire afternoon is, are we talking Monday 18th? My afternoon's open. I mean, it's just,

Matthias Miller  1:43:05
when do you want to start? I could start as early as, like, let's see. What does this end? Like, 1245,

Speaker 1  1:43:14
up until 430 let's put let's let's not start till like, two. I

Unknown Speaker  1:43:25
unless you wanted to have some lunch.

Matthias Miller  1:43:27
No, that's just good. I eat lunch at weird times. My body does not appreciate me, I'm sure, but I do it is to 130 i 30. Sweet man, good progress.

Speaker 1  1:43:46
Yeah, that was lovely. I'm super happy with that. Super excited. Sweet, yep. Sweet, awesome. Thank you, sir. All right, sir. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai