Speaker 1  01:51
Mr. Miller, yo, hey. Thank you. Good, good. Good. Oh, what's happening?

Unknown Speaker  02:03
Let me get my there's a lot.

Matthias Miller  02:05
There's a lot happening right now. Well,

Speaker 2  02:13
I don't know if I should be pleased or not. But I was a little bit pleased that I learned that I got the genetics people to go ahead and sign on.

Unknown Speaker  02:21
Yep, you should be.

Speaker 2  02:26
And that was there. It was the suddenly hearing that, you know, that development may be maybe six months out. So it's a bit of scarcity. There actually is what pushed them over the edge?

Unknown Speaker  02:40
Oh, wow. What?

Matthias Miller  02:45
What would have to be in place for you to

Unknown Speaker  02:49
field all sales calls? How many calls a week isn't? Well,

Matthias Miller  03:00
the answer is the average has been one a week but this month with a busy I don't know if it's a busy beaver or just time of year what it is. It's

Unknown Speaker  03:08
been more than that. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  03:11
When I sometimes? Oh, that's, I mean, I think.

Unknown Speaker  03:16
Okay.

Speaker 2  03:19
I think the real question is, can I force myself to take notes? Or well, can we get her Go ahead?

Unknown Speaker  03:28
Or,

Matthias Miller  03:31
let's say rule is, Alice can take these calls, but he does not take notes. Yeah. So then the question is, how do we accommodate that? Option one, record the call transcribe it, and have been listened to it and put notes together on it. Yep. Option two is like that. But instead of transcribing the call you do a voice memo, or something similar afterward? Sure. Or option three is, it's just not workable. We're not doing it?

Unknown Speaker  04:15
Well, the

Speaker 2  04:20
Okay, And option four is that. I mean, is that if I think if I'd get in the rhythm of jotting down, what's going on, what I hate doing is a busy work, you know, trying to take note, I mean, trying to take a lot of notes afterwards.

Unknown Speaker  04:36
Right. So

Speaker 2  04:40
So I wonder if I would get into the routine of, like, just popping up a Google document. And I mean, technically, probably, it should be oh, I should have a sales form. And I don't know but just go ahead.

Matthias Miller  04:56
Oh, option five. Yeah. Create a booking calendar with you and Ben and have been take your calls and he shatters you and takes notes in a Google doc so that you guys can both see it while he's taking notes. And you can jot stuff in there or tell him Hey, Ben, can you make a note about X, Y or Z? Sure,

Unknown Speaker  05:15
sure. Yeah, I

Speaker 2  05:18
mean, I kind of wonder if that's not the right thing to do. The one thing that it will force me to do is a bit be a bit more organized. I mean, I do kind of like the thrill of just calling someone up and say, hey, you know, I saw your interest and, or, and there may be places for some of that. But I could probably say, going ahead and scheduling the first ones. And getting Ben on there, too. Is is a is a way I mean, is is a is probably a probably a good idea, because it's just going to be too scattered and whatever we're going to drop pieces. Might,

Matthias Miller  05:56
here's why I'm pushing hard to accommodate your working style.

Speaker 1  05:59
Nobody there is, there is

Matthias Miller  06:05
you are in the top 99.9% percentile of who is going to close these leads the best. A, you're the owner. Yep. You're like, there's all these reasons, you know, software, you know, the owner, you're motivated, you're, you're already good at selling. Right?

Speaker 2  06:23
You love doing this. And I know, I'm a natural fit for the market. So and you're

Matthias Miller  06:29
a natural fit for the market, all of those things. And I think I think what we have to do is we need to figure out your working style, and then we just need to figure out how to accommodate it. I don't think I don't think you have to apologize for that. Yeah, sure. That makes sense. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  06:48
Go ahead.

Speaker 2  06:49
Well, it may be calling them up randomly. Oh, see, I do think there's some of the structure that, that Ian has some of those questions that I've missed some of those. And I think that it'd be more powerful if I'd have them. Because some of those are great questions. You know, tell me what you mean, what would success look like for you? I mean, you talk about talk about someone actually just up and selling themselves on what you've got?

Unknown Speaker  07:17
Yes.

Speaker 2  07:18
So. And so that's where the structure I've been having a bit of structure probably would make sense. And sometimes, if we wanted to try to do a random call, I mean, the other thing I could do is is have

Unknown Speaker  07:39
is

Speaker 2  07:40
say, Hey, Dan, are you available? Let's, let's see if we can just jump on, just do a call with this guy. And, because I do think we're okay, several things. If Ben is in on the loop, first of all, he's learning how I'm doing things. So he's not super high persuasive is actually on my board. He was?

Unknown Speaker  07:58
I don't think so. No, yeah. But

Speaker 2  08:01
if he's going to be customer service he's in on at the beginning. And he can help guide things through the process through a whole lot better than So, I mean, if he's the full time person, then he can be tying, you know, tying pieces together for us. So yeah.

Matthias Miller  08:25
I like the idea of you just tapping him on the shoulder and saying, Hey, Ben, you free? Give me go try to call some people. Yeah. If you're good with him, sometimes being available sometimes not. Obviously.

Unknown Speaker  08:37
And then easily. If we put things on the schedule, then

Unknown Speaker  08:45
then

Speaker 2  08:47
yeah, I mean, and we can schedule things in. I'm trying to think what time of day are a lot of our people are Eastern Time, are they? So they are so probably either like an 11 o'clock Eastern or a two o'clock Eastern are too good time slots.

Matthias Miller  09:08
Yes. And from webinars scheduling. Yeah. If you're looking for attendance, they usually say those are pretty good times, probably more towards even towards Yeah, one or two o'clock. Eastern 1212 to two Eastern and then Wednesday and Thursday being the best days. Okay. Okay. There's even being the best, best day from. I mean, I see Thursdays a lot over that time, but also Wednesdays, okay.

Unknown Speaker  09:37
We kind of

Matthias Miller  09:40
don't have a lot of our data. The rationale I'm guessing is, well, first of all, Mondays crazy mornings are usually crazy for business owners. Sure. And then the other thing too, is extended weekends Fridays might not be the best.

Speaker 2  09:51
Sure, you know, people are just starting to wind down by them. Yeah. Now the other thing is, I mean The Okay, so So and then if it's the

Unknown Speaker  10:12
Well, I think we should

Speaker 2  10:13
circle around to this. And we should maybe just look back at some of these calls and say, Hey, what should you know? What would this is, so let's start putting just a plan in place. So this becomes my top sales thing here is going to be let me turn off my blur on my monitor. Not that you have to necessarily read it, but my top sales thing is going to be the one pager is technically almost done. But I think we could say the one pager is done that we need to have it printed is going to be E M sales process.

Unknown Speaker  11:04
So well,

Speaker 2  11:08
and quite frankly, this is coming at a pretty good time because I just, I mean, it really helped to have bands help with slide putting pulling the slides together. And, and, you know, I'm back from Bangladesh. I'm, that stuff's been cleared up. And now next week, I mean, next week, I've got the presentations, but I'm starting to feel a bit more relaxed already. I've got a lot of reviews and stuff but but it's a good it's coming at a good time. And

Unknown Speaker  11:43
so

Speaker 2  11:47
so I'd like to okay, this Well, first of all, I'd like to get the get the sales for the brochures off our plate and back to viewfinders. I wonder if you and I quickly worked on that together. And then we circle back to the sales that thing here. And I'd particularly like to just look through some recent sales opportunities and say, hey, you know, where are we at? And what are we missing? So the on the they pick the and I'm curious what you thought they picked? Okay, well, first of all, let me send you the the list of ads.

Unknown Speaker  12:22
Here, where's this?

Speaker 2  12:27
They picked the the streamlined quadrants as the Add to place in the back. And that's probably not the one I would have picked. But maybe I don't know is it was is that the right pick?

Matthias Miller  12:54
Three Steps to streamline and the vehicles seem to be the ones well, okay, so depends if this is a new audience or not. And I think the answer is yes, this is a largely new audience. Yeah. And I would say the three steps to streamline and the vehicles have gotten this better response than that. I would,

Speaker 2  13:16
I would say to. And interestingly, I'm actually in my, on the which, which one is it on my time management talk, which is the first day time for organization? I'm, I'm touching on the three if the three steps. Oh, dinner monks. And our mugs are touching on that too. So yeah, we should. Yeah, that's right. The other one that I just love, and I'm not sure if but I think we just put this on the slideshow. Is that chalkboard strong health business too busy to keep up ready to invest in growth? The I mean, I just that is one of our best ads ever. I don't know if he got responses from it. So which I guess is the real question. I

Unknown Speaker  14:00
think we did get a few. That repeatedly. Yeah.

Speaker 2  14:05
I mean, that one is just a classic ad. I mean, partly because it looks so sharp, but it's just, it just nails our audience perfectly in every sense. So okay, so I'm just going to tell them let's actually do this the three steps of streamline.

Unknown Speaker  14:40
And then,

Speaker 2  14:41
and then do you want to go ahead and shoot them content for their thing, or do you want to do it? You could do it after the call to if you want to. I don't care? Yeah. What?

Unknown Speaker  14:49
What do you even put in there?

Unknown Speaker  14:51
Great question.

Matthias Miller  14:54
I just saw that. I mean, you know a little bit ago I was mostly out yesterday. Sure. Under the weather Oh, sorry.

Unknown Speaker  15:05
Display materials

Unknown Speaker  15:15
here's the flyer proof. So we're just thinking specialize in

Unknown Speaker  15:34
I don't know if this is a sidenote,

Matthias Miller  15:39
the retail software gig. Yeah, I don't know if it's because I'm probably too analytical to be a great salesperson. Yeah. And we have a lower market higher price sensitivity. Yeah, people come to us thinking that we're expensive.

Unknown Speaker  16:02
So

Matthias Miller  16:05
and I'm not sure how much people are actually interested in information, and research, I think they might be more interested in. Well, we'll we have a process where we'll help you choose, and we'll roll it out. More of a sudden done type of thing, but I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  16:30
And now that once.

Unknown Speaker  16:37
Can

Speaker 2  16:39
Can you just charge per hours to do that? Because how do you guess what that price is going to be to deploy?

Unknown Speaker  16:47
Oh, I have no idea.

Speaker 2  16:48
There's no way is there? I mean, that's the evil of deployment. So what if you just say, you know, we'll help you make the decision? I mean, so. So, yeah, we, we offer two to two services. The one is, you know, the decision. The second one is deployment decision. Second one is deployment decision is X dollars a month, X things, deployment is, you know, $75 an hour or $95 Now, or, or $85 an hour. And part of what that will do is and, you know, you may occasionally need to help a little bit behind the scenes, so that, you so that the so that Ben is productive with his $85 an hour to get them unstuck. But, I mean, if you could, if you could start generating, you know, a number of these at $5 an hour that's not that bad.

Unknown Speaker  18:03
The eye you probably don't want to loop

Speaker 2  18:11
Steven into this, but if you've ever if you've ever been a pension need someone else to help out, you could just pay him you know, 40 bucks an hour or 50 or whatever, and have him help cover for a client or two. So I'm not sure if you want to because that then you're if he's learning your business

Matthias Miller  18:35
then inclined not to but

Speaker 2  18:37
yeah, I'm inclined not to to because I'm guessing you're well, I'd be hopeful that you know, Ben can help cover it. And and if it keeps growing, you find someone else that's wanting some time. But okay, okay. Well, yeah. No, just tossing. I'm not saying that you really should. But I guess if it's if it's on the deployment side of things, it might end anyway. I'm not pushing harder. Not at all. Let's keep going.

Unknown Speaker  19:15
So

Unknown Speaker  19:18
what do you think about the the that

Unknown Speaker  19:20
that dual approach you know, one or the other both? Yeah. Was I think straight up giving people giving,

Matthias Miller  19:34
giving people numbers is going to help and it may kind of ease their mind. I mean, Paragon for example, I've worked with them whether with a said client or slam busy like they can't they can't keep up. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  19:56
Yeah. Well, what what's Right,

Speaker 2  20:00
hourly rate for someone like them. I mean, see that at some point you might. I mean, some point you might also

Unknown Speaker  20:10
Oh, I don't

Speaker 2  20:12
know that you want this. Now, I don't think so he's just not enough of a people person. Alvin masked is pure brilliance. But he's I keep self diagnosing people, whether they're on the spectrum or not, but I sometimes wonder, is, she is, this is he is, he is definitely the total nerd and not necessarily great with people. But he's. And I don't I mean, he he's really smart, but doesn't have that much experience. But I mean, it's kind of interesting part. And I think he has, I think you want Pete, you want someone you want your people to be free, simply do it on the phone. So

Speaker 1  21:01
yeah. So

Speaker 2  21:06
I mean, okay, here's what here's what it could be. If you'd have a team of four people that are good on the phone and you want the one kind of jerk. The ones on headland in there. But see, he's a John Hanlon without experience. Yeah, that's the problem. Yeah. So that's No,

Unknown Speaker  21:23
I don't think so. Yep. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  21:40
Now, I lost the display materials.

Unknown Speaker  21:45
So how many people do you think are going to call both of us and get started getting a lot of redundant leads?

Unknown Speaker  21:56
I have no idea. Okay, we'll find out

Unknown Speaker  22:07
Yeah.

Speaker 2  22:13
I mean, okay, here's what's interesting about that whole role of, we help. I mean, we help deploy your business as software, because that's literally what you do with code craft or software.

Unknown Speaker  22:26
That's basically an extension of what we're doing there. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  22:41
Okay. For broader context, yep. Over the next three months, we're sure maybe six months? Yep. I'm probably gonna keep running these ads, just to maintain presence, but I'm not looking to push this super hard. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  23:03
So my

Matthias Miller  23:07
my number one right now is going all in on my consulting engagements. And getting like, what consulting, sales and marketing for insight, I have another one another potential client. Got it? The sales, business development, like sales and marketing engagement, this that one might just be a 90 day gig, but it might turn into a longer term thing.

Unknown Speaker  23:34
And yep, I'm really I mean,

Matthias Miller  23:39
it's high time we buy a house and yep, yep, we don't don't meet the 3% down requirements. Got it and so I don't know exactly how to explain to my friends that one of my friends asked me on Saturday how the house buying process is going and I told him we're not super active right now. I don't know how to explain to them that I'm hoping to put together about 80k and within about four months but what I'm hoping to do so got it got it

Unknown Speaker  24:10
yep yeah sure. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  24:18
What price range are you looking at Dubai well

Matthias Miller  24:26
the ideal place that was that we're that we want to land Yeah, is listed around 600 Sure, without any kind of but but they're also dropping prices. This is the first time and at some of my friends have seen prices. Ellison's actually drop in price, but interesting. Yep. Yep. It's, I mean, part of what we're looking for is at least an acre of land, water rights. The house ready to live in? Yep.

Matthias Miller  25:03
Yeah, and then one of our locations is one of the kind of ever I on is in a prime location as well. Sure. So that wraps it up. But yeah, there's Yeah, I would certainly love to get the price down from there if we can, but, right.

Unknown Speaker  25:21
Yeah, makes sense. Makes sense.

Matthias Miller  25:24
Yep. I was talking to Wes a little bit too. And he's like, you know, you can. He also talked about how a lot of people wait for their dream home and when the kids are gone, and like, it's actually not, like, if you if you want one of the one of the reasons we went land to is being able to get Animals For Kids. Sure. Sure. Give them some stuff like that. And it's like, well, you're gonna have to prioritize kids at some point, and we can downsize later. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  25:56
Gone. So. Anyway, that's gonna, we're gonna

Speaker 2  26:01
so, so. Okay, now question for you. I mean, so are you wanting these these ads on the tables?

Unknown Speaker  26:08
Well, I'm

Matthias Miller  26:11
saying that I'd be happy not to honestly.

Speaker 2  26:14
Well, then, let's not. I mean, you can you pay them for for an hour of work or for what they've done so far, and just call it good. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  26:26
I really, I really think, Wait.

Speaker 1  26:29
Okay, well, that's yeah. That's simple. Okay, good. And then

Speaker 2  26:46
I would Yeah, okay. The the the only thing that makes me wince. But But I think that sounds right. To me, the only thing that makes me wince is that this would have been another way to subsidize Ben. Pretty tangibly, but

Unknown Speaker  27:02
go ahead. Well, okay. So

Matthias Miller  27:05
maybe opening a whole other can of worms. And yeah, I've been working on getting my thoughts out on paper, because I think sometimes I think better. Yep. Sometimes better talking sometimes on paper, but I don't particularly actually enjoy

Unknown Speaker  27:23
operations all that much.

Matthias Miller  27:26
And where I've had what actually got me into code drafters in the first place was consulting. Yep. And then the operations came along with it. Sure. Yep. And I don't know what this could look like. And I can, I don't know that we have to talk about it. Now. We can make it send an email we can

Unknown Speaker  27:45
play out. But I wonder if So number one,

Matthias Miller  27:53
it seems to me that consulting is actually a better business model for me than a conventional business model. Yep. Yep. And there are ways to make that quite profitable. Yeah. And there's, there's a lot of the reasons I love working in higher leverage stuff. I love the ability to learn to solve solve problems.

Unknown Speaker  28:21
And it can get me out of the operational. Enjoy. I do think

Matthias Miller  28:31
so. But But code house, but as it stands now, yeah. isn't designed and architected like that? Sure. But I think we could possibly re architect it. Where we both get what we, it may better fit my gift mix. Yep. And you could still have a secondary brand. And we could still double dip the market and we could still have ways to subsidize. I think retail is really interesting for contractors because like, hey, we can subsidize Ben but be if you actually have some retail products, and things are slow, you can start rolling out more features for right, your lower end customers if you want to.

Unknown Speaker  29:14
Yep, yep. Well, it's just a much bigger

Matthias Miller  29:19
base. Yeah. It's a much bigger base. And so I think, I think it may make sense to have separate brands, but at least I think it's gonna take some conversations and discussions and sure, and figuring out exactly what this looks like. But if I could shift, I think it's two things. One. I've managed to do okay with operations, mostly because I have this iron fisted insistence on not answering questions more than once and making sure things get documented, get put into process and et cetera, et cetera.

Unknown Speaker  29:54
But I think it's only if

Matthias Miller  29:57
I'm wrong, but I think my interests actually lie. My It's more in sales and marketing and perhaps less than actually doing sales rep more than just like, let's, let's tie sales and marketing into the the whole ecosystem and make sure it all fits together and Sure, sure,

Unknown Speaker  30:14
got what we need.

Speaker 2  30:17
Okay, so I'm certainly not opposed to the idea. Let me think just brainstorm randomly what it would look like. The

Speaker 2  30:38
How much are you actually involved in? Okay. When you, when you think about consulting, do the are the high level designs, energizing or draining for you?

Matthias Miller  30:50
Currently they're draining. I think there's a very, very, very small subset of the high level design. That is, the equivalent of it may actually be more than $1,000 An hour work might be the $5,000 an hour work? I don't know exactly. But that's like the

Unknown Speaker  31:15
it really

Matthias Miller  31:16
is the data model.

Speaker 2  31:18
Yeah. Yeah. How much of the so how much of the high level design could could Tim take?

Unknown Speaker  31:23
Tim could take 90% of it. Can you do with that?

Matthias Miller  31:32
I don't know if I can jump jump in and out. But if I it's much less worrisome to me if, okay, here's the other thing. I'm trying to train Ben. I'm sorry, I'm not a trainer. And I don't know how it worked with Tim and others in the past. I mean, I think it was basically sink or swim. And Tim was able to figure it out. But yeah, yeah. I'm not a trainer, either. So how much can I jump in or out? I mean, I think

Matthias Miller  32:01
it's a little hard to tell. Yeah. Although I do think at this point, I could turn the entire rest. I've got maybe there's a whole bunch of prep work that Ben did. Yeah. And I put maybe six hours in. Sure. And the, the I think there's most of this that if Tim would have time to Tim could just wrap up the rest? Sure. Rest of it. Yep. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  32:31
Make sense? Um

Matthias Miller  32:41
I think the game changer for me was recognizing that we can have a knowledge gathering phase pulls together all you know, all it's all the information they want to track. And let's get that together. And I can do the pattern recognition to say, right, well, who's to go there? There should be like that. This goes there that the?

Unknown Speaker  33:10
Thinking Thinking thinking

Speaker 2  33:23
okay, well, first of all, good news is Ian's off. Ian's gonna be off your plate real soon. Now that that took a lot of time, but but it is just one mental thing. The now the thought of keeping been busy, has me mildly panicked. I mean, like, just, you know, how do I come up with work for him? So that part has me a bit concerned. So

Unknown Speaker  33:51
to that point, yeah.

Matthias Miller  33:56
I think my interest, again, because of my interest, I think I'm always going to be happier having 2345, maybe six long term clients that I'm working with?

Unknown Speaker  34:11
Ah, yep. And okay, so you this sounds like

Matthias Miller  34:19
I'm selling all kinds of stuff off my plate, but you would be way more effective at selling this retail software research stuff than I would be I think, tell me I'm wrong. We got to figure out whether you should. Sure and what we needed place to do it. But yeah.

Unknown Speaker  34:40
So if

Matthias Miller  34:42
you're selling it, handing it off to Ben Ben's driving it and Ben saying,

Speaker 1  34:47
hey, look, like where

Matthias Miller  34:56
I need and my role is basically Let me work with Ben and let's go figure out what the process you know, here's this particular project. Well, what do you need to do to get this project done? Well, X, Y and

Unknown Speaker  35:10
Z, and go chase it down.

Matthias Miller  35:13
But luck is on Ben's back. He's driving. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  35:18
That looks quite different.

Speaker 2  35:22
For sure. Now, so when you're as you're saying, My mis selling at me just landing the deal for you all, and then you then been executing, been executing and then been pulling me in. Okay, whenever he's got questions, okay. I mean, sales is is the easy part. Sure. And I think you're right.

Unknown Speaker  35:45
The

Speaker 2  35:48
Well, it's gonna be a drain for you. And and I'd probably find it mildly exhilarating and it's so funny i i do just I really don't have to have that much money for myself but every single deal I land this does make me smile so

Unknown Speaker  36:09
the the

Speaker 2  36:25
NC those even there? Having been on those calls would be great. Because then he's getting a sense of what we're doing what we're talking about. And yeah, cuz first when you're starting talking about I think he I thought you're trying to hand off the entire process. And that just sounds wildly overwhelming.

Matthias Miller  36:45
Well, okay. So, you know, what's my zone? Okay. Perry went up periods things is, go right. Go ask me what your unique ability is? Think of summarize them? Yep. And then go make single words for them. And so I've been working on memorizing mine. What's mine start to help start new things? Yep. ideate. come up with creative ideas. Yep. Accelerate, move people into their calling, giftedness automate, get rid of busy work. Yep. And solve, which is solve difficult thorny problems.

Speaker 1  37:18
Yep. And I think I don't mind.

Matthias Miller  37:25
I think this is where if we, if you and I nail it down, this can be a really great partnership. Because I think too, yeah. You love sales, you don't mind having your hands in the business? Right. And I actually much prefer having my hands kind of outside the business and looking around and being like, Well, where are we at? What do we need to? And so from what do I say that? Well, from an operations standpoint, I think if I don't have to manage the day to day and I can skydive in and say, Well, Ben, let's do X, Y, and Z, this is what this process should look like. And I fixed it once.

Unknown Speaker  38:06
For the next 30 times. Right.

Matthias Miller  38:13
Whether or not So along with that? I don't think it's software and I don't think software per se. I don't actually enjoy software per se all that much. Sure. Sure.

Speaker 1  38:23
So I think but but I think that operational guidance can tap into can tap into that Yep.

Unknown Speaker  39:03
See, okay,

Speaker 2  39:04
and I don't quite know where this is all at either. I think that we can could probably move the responsibility for for support and stuff. I mean, you know, questions and things over. I mean, so if when Tim gets stuck, he comes to the to, to code crafters instead of to you. Because I kind of think he does any. I mean, I think there's a fair bit of that. That happens naturally just by email. And I think it'd be a huge load off your shoulders if you would just know that's the way it is. Does that sound right? Right to you? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  39:52
it is absolutely correct.

Unknown Speaker  39:55
And

Speaker 2  39:57
the nice thing is that I've well for the next six months I've got Nick here as well.

Unknown Speaker  40:04
And

Speaker 2  40:11
now I don't what does it look like on the design side of things? I mean, do you literally hand off the? Well, yeah, what does it look like for the design side of things? How involved? Are you in answering a helping to guide him when like on a on the indepth designs?

Unknown Speaker  40:32
Well, currently, I'm spending about

Unknown Speaker  40:41
I have four hours a week blocked out. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:48
I think with those types of questions

Unknown Speaker  40:53
you'll find the exact Yeah, it it.

Matthias Miller  41:00
I've got three hours booked blacked out consistently, and an optional additional hour. Mm hmm. And like, especially when we go into high level design, and there's usually a few more calls that that can be shared. But there's a few more calls with that.

Unknown Speaker  41:21
Some of that,

Matthias Miller  41:23
I can't nail down the difference. Sometimes it's okay. In other times, it's just

Speaker 2  41:30
now, can you in the moment, say, Hey, do you want to talk that through with ls?

Unknown Speaker  41:34
Or do you

Speaker 2  41:38
end up getting in the weeds? And then you're kind of stuck and you have to push on through?

Unknown Speaker  41:44
Maybe?

Speaker 2  41:46
Or could we flip it around where by default he talks with with me and then we scratch our heads and what was Matthias thing was, I don't want to lose your design magic, because you do have it.

Unknown Speaker  41:58
Yeah. So but okay, here's, here's,

Matthias Miller  42:03
here's an example. Z j ours report? Yeah, I think I went in there. And like, I think I went in there. And I saved us a whole bunch of really confusing, complicated stuff, like, surely whatever it is, I'll do. Yep. And part of the relief of that was I came out the other side with a nice template, or a nice design, and there was kind of like this sense of release that came out of there. Yeah, sure. So I don't know which it should be, I think,

Unknown Speaker  42:42
what is it? You're starting the season, we keep keep talking about it thinking?

Speaker 2  42:48
Okay, I can't quite nail it down. Either what the mix should be. Now, the reality is that I, I go through the end, go through the weeds completely anyway, to price these four things. So, and long term, I'm the one that ends is needs to support them from an architect's standpoint. Because, you know, a request comes in I say, Yeah, let's do this or that. Now. I mean, I do like the redundancy of having two architects that kind of have the high level design, but but if you're doing the high level design, then I think there's a I mean that you do have that. And I'm wondering at what point do I over just completely overload myself, right.

Speaker 2  43:51
I mean, one of my goals is to have Joel take the naughty in depth C++ projects, like he's writing well, and it's not just C++. Right now, I've given him the XML parser, which is in support of the new docx xlsx formats. Working with two team leads dual to developers on senior developers on that one. And then he also has the multi company accounting. So those are the things that kill me is I just hate working with developers on the really, really naughty end up design because I'm much more of a high level guy. I mean, not as high level as you are, but still, I'm more of a high level guy. Yeah. But but then also I'm you know, I am just I am pretty efficient, too, with with a fair bit of detail.

Unknown Speaker  44:46
Yeah. So

Speaker 2  44:50
and especially if I can surround myself with, you know, people like Nick and Tim, and you know where I can be I'm Todd eek jewel, where there's there's pieces I can be handing off.

Unknown Speaker  45:09
And

Speaker 2  45:14
so I don't I don't clearly have the full model in my head of exactly what this partnership looks like. So we could, okay, so I think, if I would try to say it as high level design, it would be wonderful if you would spearhead that. operations. It would be we're both agreeing, that should be me. And then everything in between? Yeah. Oh, so then the real thing that you have in between is, I think, in depth design, where, and I'm going to see it some combination of the two of us, and I don't know for sure how we dance on that one or how we make it work. But

Matthias Miller  45:56
here's the starting proposal. Yeah. Support questions start going to you immediately. Yep. Sure. The on my calls with Tim, I have a parachute cord. Yep. And I can pull that for whatever reason. Yep. If I was working late last night, and I don't have brain capacity for something. Sure. It's getting down in the weeds. I don't have to have an exact explanation. And we'll keep learning what it is and what it isn't. But if I'm just like, dying on the vine, I can pull the cord? Yep. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  46:29
I mean, that's the starting point. Yeah, that's a starting point.

Matthias Miller  46:32
It's way better than where we're at now. Yeah, we can revisit in three months. And yeah.

Unknown Speaker  46:39
Take a look. Yep.

Matthias Miller  46:42
And then sales. Okay. Is it weird? For you to answer? Answer the phone or code house? Or?

Unknown Speaker  46:54
The? I don't know that. It's,

Unknown Speaker  46:58
I mean, it would be? It's, I mean, it's put on my calendar or something, right?

Matthias Miller  47:05
Well, we will we need to figure out how it is you prefer to do it. I mean, just we'll just prefer to take a message and call people back whenever we can do that.

Speaker 2  47:16
I think that's probably wiser than me trying to, I mean, because there's just going to be a lot of times where I can't easily answer the phone. So

Matthias Miller  47:25
no, I mean, I think it should always go to a receptionist. The question is from the receptionist. Do you want to go into your calendar? Oh, I see, based on Tim's availability, as well. And I think basically what we have to remember bands? I'm sorry, Ben, we have to figure out a way to the way I did it is I had to create a separate, I think I set up the account under a Google group and shared

Unknown Speaker  47:54
with our calendaring service, we have to

Matthias Miller  47:57
I have to figure out how that works. If your calendars in

Unknown Speaker  48:00
office.

Speaker 2  48:03
I mean, here's one, here's one way to do it would be if if we would just if we would just block out like for, we just basically put on our calendars instead of have, because I think normally calendaring services, kind of look for opportunities. But if we would just, you know, four afternoons a week, or whatever, at at 1pm Central, and we just have our calendars Oh, I mean, we basically block out the time on the calendar, and then and just plan for that. And then and I can always I can always fill it in or cancel it if I don't want it. I mean, if I know it's not going to work at this day or that day I can I can go in there and and

Unknown Speaker  48:56
take out that option.

Unknown Speaker  48:58
But basically we just think of those as blocked out.

Unknown Speaker  49:04
And

Speaker 2  49:18
and I would. Okay, first of all, I'm really hopeful. Okay, so maybe what we should start thinking about is, how much capacity do we think we may be needing on this? And we can probably look at what our opportunities have been. But it's just not going to be hard to get more capacity than Ian's had. And

Matthias Miller  49:45
here's the thing, if we do too, you said we need to max out development we need to end in depth designs about

Unknown Speaker  49:51
Um

Unknown Speaker  49:54
Was it too in depth or too high levels?

Matthias Miller  49:57
I'm sorry. That was incorrect. I meant higher It was too high last month. Right? I don't know for sure if two calls a week are enough, but if they're prescreened, it might be

Unknown Speaker  50:12
well into finale for also adding the retail calls to that.

Unknown Speaker  50:16
Retail calls that Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  50:19
mean, we can also ask the question, we'll go ahead.

Speaker 2  50:23
In do we think the retail calls are 30 minutes? or less?

Matthias Miller  50:28
I've been aiming for sure. Yeah. And you just find a way to keep it 30 minutes? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  50:36
And

Speaker 2  50:40
and for non retail calls, although I don't know how well easy the secretary knows, I would prefer blocking out an hour. Even if it may be less than that. You can do it, we can have separate ways for the two

Speaker 2  50:57
okay, let me let me just take us through so if, if I may have to change my standing call with an alum or just tell him that it's or maybe move that one to Friday afternoon? Because that's a time when we don't think we'll do as many retail calls. I mean, as many other calls but I kind of wonder if what if I would just every afternoon block out the the one my one to three range

Unknown Speaker  51:27
and

Speaker 2  51:28
and just knowing that usually it's not taken up and I think I prefer just doing just doing them on the hour. So if it's because it's because it I think we're going to the receptionist may not know whether it's Is this a retail call? Is this a whole I mean, is this a Yeah, and just keeps things really simple. Just just scheduled them on the hour.

Speaker 1  51:54
And, and so, you know, it's

Speaker 2  52:03
785430 Just a second here Yep.

Unknown Speaker  53:47
Okay, I'm back. Okay.

Speaker 2  53:50
So, so I think we block out Monday through because I don't normally have things scheduled in the, you know, in the afternoon. So we block out my one to three o'clock five days or four days a week, Friday, we'll only have the one o'clock I will just do one appointment one o'clock. And that immediately gives us nine slots a week, which we just, I don't think we're going to need that. Yeah, but but but but it really shifts the tone of things. Hey, I could get you now. I should probably also, I think I would prefer never having same day appointments. I mean, that always gives give me just tell the receptionist you know if someone calls the morning, and then don't schedule it for the same day.

Unknown Speaker  54:48
Right? We can do a 24 hour.

Unknown Speaker  54:50
Yeah, that's fair. Yep, yep.

Speaker 1  54:53
Yeah, yeah. And If I like that, what do you think? Okay, so go ahead. Go ahead. We're using tidy cow. Yeah. Because I think what we could do is?

Matthias Miller  55:16
Well, there's a few ways we could do this. You could have an office 365 calendar that you share with Ben so that he can see these. Or

Speaker 2  55:30
why don't we just could we just have I mean, either a office 360? What if we just set up a Google account or something like that? That is like, the sales calendar. And, and we set up tidy accounts that so that it's so that it will only offer these two time slots. And then if I am not, and maybe you can only book out for, you know, two or three weeks in advance in advance. Oh, this is, this is easy. We already had this setup. If I set up the if I add you let me try something.

Speaker 1  56:12
So when we do Gmail, login

Unknown Speaker  56:19
we're going to do contact at

Speaker 1  56:25
NASDAQ comm I'm going to add Ellis.

Speaker 1  57:04
You want to see if you just got that event. Today for later today at 3pm. Mountain force Central. Yep, test event.

Matthias Miller  57:18
So I think what we can do is we can repurpose this contact at Code house. Sure. And we can connect your office 365 account to this decal calendar scheduling. To check for availability, add Ben to check for availability.

Unknown Speaker  57:40
And

Speaker 1  57:47
think that'll do it. Nice. So this is actually let me rename this group to.

Unknown Speaker  58:04
Okay, well,

Matthias Miller  58:05
I'll work on getting those changes made. Okay. Sean updated on that. There's much to update. And now.

Speaker 2  58:14
Okay, so several things, several things about how I would prefer having it handled. So I want to 24 hour block. I would probably prefer not booking out more than, I don't know, let's say two weeks, somehow just having things out too far is really stressful for me. And so I'd say two weeks. And then if she doesn't see an opportunity to say, hey, it looks like our sales calls are full for the next two weeks. But let me let me check to see what my options are. And I'll get back to you. Because then she could just reach out and say hey, you know, we'd like to schedule it. What could we do here?

Unknown Speaker  58:52
How does that sound? Like? Yeah. Good.

Unknown Speaker  58:57
That's exciting.

Unknown Speaker  58:59
Yeah,

Speaker 2  59:01
I'll leave this I'll shift on Allen's calls. So that so that that one frees up on Thursday, and

Unknown Speaker  59:10
yeah,

Speaker 2  59:12
but I don't think it's that weird if I do the do the sales calls. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  59:20
Oh gracious.

Unknown Speaker  59:29
Yeah, just a second.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:37
Okay, back again. So. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:00:41
so there we've got the sales process figured out. Well, I mean, we probably need to keep thinking through exactly how this how we want it to work. The Google doc sounds great. What is the is Dialpad the best way to do the phone calls then probably are?

Matthias Miller  1:01:02
Yeah, well, I mean, one of the things that allows you to do I don't know, if you want to get that probably is short. It does allow you if we, if we add your number to the respective departments, then you can actually dial out using the main caller, Id got it. That's nice. Yeah. And not have people call you call you directly. And then you can I mean, it has conferencing, it has call recording.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:30
transcripts. Yeah. Okay. Now,

Matthias Miller  1:01:33
if you if you need screen share. I think Ben has a zoom. We can also set up zoom calls, although it's kind of

Unknown Speaker  1:01:43
variable and whether actually people actually have that.

Speaker 2  1:01:46
Right. Well, should we be asking people if they have? I mean, is it helpful to have it? Should we be asking people if, if they have zoom or not? I mean, should that just be something we start doing is asking people? Do you have a preference? I mean, do you prefer a phone or zoom for a

Unknown Speaker  1:02:10
call? Sure.

Speaker 2  1:02:14
And then and say that we'll, we'll email you a link for that.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:21
So and then I need to

Matthias Miller  1:02:26
connect this one over to Ben's Zoom account. So it gets scheduled under him. So I have scheduled conflicts?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:31
Sure.

Matthias Miller  1:02:36
And are you fine if this comes from contact@courthouse.com?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:41
Yeah, that's fine. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:02:44
I mean, I think it's just pretty clear that we've got two companies that are working closely together. So

Speaker 1  1:02:49
yeah. This is like a weight off my shoulders. Great. Great. Great.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:04
Well, I guess Okay, so to that point, then, I don't mind talking about code house

Matthias Miller  1:03:11
flyers. I don't mind putting those flyers out there now. Ah, sure. Okay. And now you've subsidized Ben. Now I can sell to you. Yeah, why not?

Speaker 2  1:03:21
Well, and I kind of think that this is a pretty strategic move. And as far as you know, I think of broadening our stance in the market. Yes, I agree.

Matthias Miller  1:03:33
So I'm saying note to this, I had a conversation with a guy who actually put together one of the lockdown computers from way back. And his church group just decided to move to tour boys. And he was trying very hard to be diplomatic and polite. But if he would not be Anabaptist, wouldn't have the Anabaptist politeness, he would have been talking about how ignorant these people are for doing this. And why are they making get off QuickBooks and I am losing functionality. And he's sending me a copy of the tour boy, and hard drive, which has some motherboard requirements, apparently, as far as being able to boot. So I don't know if he'll be able to boot or if we'll have to get him to send the hardware as well, but more of a curiosity thing than

Unknown Speaker  1:04:26
anything. Sure. So,

Matthias Miller  1:04:30
but he said there's so just as an example, but there's, if we could come up with a classic accounting. I don't know. I don't know what we can get away with. What can we do? If we come up with a classic accounting? Like there's open source, SQL visualizers, business intelligence types of things, and we if we could somehow get one of those approved by the powers that be and then start expanding on top of classic accounting as a reporting tool, or if we can Have a small device that sits on your network and pushes these up to a classic accounting mirror and sends some reports back down. Or we can have an interface that does our system but only excel exports and drops them in Libre Office

Unknown Speaker  1:05:14
folder for you.

Matthias Miller  1:05:18
I don't know if you want to get in those types of things. But there's, there's a lot of people I think there's a lot of people really disgruntled with.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:26
Well, I say. I think there are I get? Let me

Matthias Miller  1:05:35
see this classic accounting does not seem to be hitting some upper limits on their software development capacity. And I think there are, there's a segment of the market that's pretty frustrated with them, you're not

Unknown Speaker  1:05:49
being able to give them what they need. But

Speaker 2  1:05:55
say so you're not proposing somehow getting app hosting onto their computers? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:06:03
I don't think so. I don't think so.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:05
I think you're right.

Matthias Miller  1:06:12
Oh, and the tractor people emailed me back. Yeah. And so I said, Hey, yeah, I'm very interested in looking at this, by the way, like,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:20
number a, like,

Matthias Miller  1:06:23
what, what are your legal liability tolerances? And that doesn't really indicate whether I'm going to be involved, but at least you need to know that. and B are the people we can talk to you and see like, are there other alternatives that you can willing to explore? I don't think we want to get into I don't think I want to get back into it. But I'm at least gonna put the ball back in their court and make them answer the hard questions and figured out Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:06:48
yeah. Where they want to keep going. Sure. Sure. Yep. Anyway,

Matthias Miller  1:06:54
so we are going to have, I think, I think in that software space, especially in the lower end, we are going to run into a lot of the Church says I can't can do extra work says I can't do X or Y Yeah, what can we do? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:10
And

Speaker 2  1:07:17
if you see, there's where I just don't have a lot of tile. I mean, I just I, okay, here's another way said, I'm doubling down on that posting, and hosted solutions. Now, if you ever want to say, Okay, I'll help you manage a hosting site for non hosted solutions on prem, then fine. I mean, if you can come up with a way to systemize that and make that work. Great. But, but I just, yeah, all of us can live about so many lives, and my life is going to be is, is investor tools and app hosting. Now, along with that, you know, the thing about mobile apps that run that connect app hosting, that's pretty cool. Maybe someday, you know, having a team that that does Front End Web Development with that post in the back end, that's pretty cool. I have to the right right people to do it. But it's still, I think I am still the, you know, I don't mind selling helping you sell retail software. But, you know, app hosting really is,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:30
is where I'm at. So,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:33
so for something like this? I mean, if you could figure out how to make it work.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:43
I mean, is this the kind of thing that you could end up? Can you use Sattler interns or something? Can you can you and then sometime hire one of them? Or?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:59
I don't know. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:01
is this something that you yourself want to get into or not?

Matthias Miller  1:09:06
Well, with this particular case, you need a on premise hosting.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:11
And then the you need

Unknown Speaker  1:09:21
you need the classic accounting sync. But here's the here's the strategic play.

Matthias Miller  1:09:29
It's brutally painful now, but in 10 years, they're going to start opening up internet access more broadly. And then it's just like, oh, well just switch to the cloud. Yeah, we can do that.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:39
Right. Right.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:47
Maybe

Speaker 2  1:09:47
I don't know. So so you're, you're you're thinking now of although How can you do on prem for them?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:54
I mean, you have

Matthias Miller  1:09:59
people Process backend process that pulls from classic accounting pushes it into read only app posting system. You write a bunch of Read Only app posting reports.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:10
Will they let you run it or read only a posting system?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:14
Well, if it doesn't have,

Matthias Miller  1:10:19
if it doesn't have a UI, maybe, maybe? Sure, sure. I mean, there are some people who would probably cave with a headless Raspberry Pi or something similar, that just have to do network share.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:33
Yeah, yeah. Sure. So yeah, it would so yeah, it has to be read only.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:46
It's interesting. I don't know. So it's basically just a it's a way to get some analytics out of plastic accounting. Yep.

Matthias Miller  1:11:03
With the goal to entrench people

Speaker 1  1:11:07
or not entrench. But, yeah, when I'm over

Unknown Speaker  1:11:17
I'll give you the market

Speaker 1  1:11:18
if you want to pursue it. Well, that's the problem. In the grand scheme of things, what's more interesting,

Matthias Miller  1:11:28
wheeling out doing sales and marketing consulting for construction type businesses, right? We're software companies, like contractors, and Mr. Tools, or whatever they may be, where this and I can tell you which ones?

Speaker 2  1:11:41
Yeah, well, so I think my short answer is, I think what I would prefer long term is, and I don't know if we can, how we can get it approved. But I'm willing to hover just outside that space, and just say, you know, we don't we sorry, we you know, we can we don't work with choirboys. And at some point, I'm kind of intrigued with having our, I mean, maybe having rows would help us come up with something that's, you know, more boy. Wouldn't that be hilarious?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:19
About poboy,

Speaker 2  1:12:21
something like that ruins some southern food to go with it to where, where it is, and, and not and not on pram, or, and maybe we do want on prem just sounds like, I just, I don't have capacity to run on prem.

Matthias Miller  1:12:42
Here's the other thing, I think would really help. If we had a dashboard.

Matthias Miller  1:12:47
Somehow, a GUI, if we could take the menus, turn them into a GUI dashboard. And possibly ask prompts. And if we had a thin desktop layer that would run web services and download the libre office, I think we could have a shot

Unknown Speaker  1:13:05
at well, I don't know, though,

Matthias Miller  1:13:09
using the web browser control seems to be hanging up here.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:18
So

Matthias Miller  1:13:19
I think Rosewood might have some ideas on how to crack this market. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:23
Well, so.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:31
I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:33
I kind of think, well,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:35
I don't know. I,

Speaker 2  1:13:41
I think what I'd be angling for is rather than then kind of constraining ourselves to something like the chore boy coming up with our own appliance. And having a just and and so we've immediately isolated out, you know, this this percentage of the market, but we're just we're the we're the next people out. And so, so we're kind of playing the long game that without crippling ourselves without making deployment difficult, and anything like that. And even, I don't know, at what point we actually, I mean, although here's the other thing. I kind of think that we may have so much growth potential right now that I don't even know if we need to do this. So, I mean, what if we just, I mean, what can we get so much growth in the, in the at least at least locked down internet market, that it's gonna keep us so busy and by the time if we end five years, 10 years from now, if we want to come up with an appliance everyone knows who we are. This is a code crafters appliance and you This is how we can avoid needing to use QuickBooks or windows when an item will be Linux.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:06
So that'll be huge.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:09
That'll be huge. And

Unknown Speaker  1:15:17
and maybe, you know,

Speaker 2  1:15:25
maybe at that point, we're ready to do the on prem option. So, so I think let's, let's just table it for now. Because I really think we're, we're, I think we've got so much. I mean, I literally think we could get to 10 million without tapping into the no internet

Unknown Speaker  1:15:41
market. Right?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:44
Well, let's do it.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:47
I think yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:15:50
Okay, so the blurb for the

Unknown Speaker  1:15:53
Yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:02
Oh, by the way,

Matthias Miller  1:16:03
I don't have a somebody who's interested in doing a trial. So I said, it's 25 to 3500. Up front, it's $150. Base, we'll do financing. And they can try it for 90 days, and we'll refund the financing part if they aren't on board at the end of the 90

Speaker 1  1:16:18
days. Great. Okay. So this is

Speaker 2  1:16:22
like incidents and what are what are they taking?

Matthias Miller  1:16:25
Yeah. billable incidents? Predominantly.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:28
Yeah. Yeah. Great.

Speaker 2  1:16:41
Do you have any sense how many of your have on the retail side? How many of your clients will actually do something like that? versus you know, finding them a package somewhere?

Unknown Speaker  1:16:52
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:16:53
Yeah, sure. I think I mean, I think part of it goes back down back to this trend of a people want to do business with people they know. Yeah, it's that strong loyalty within this group. That's ridiculous.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:09
It's, it's wonderful.

Matthias Miller  1:17:12
It's wonderful. As long as you stay on the right side of it.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:15
Yeah, right. Right.

Matthias Miller  1:17:18
I got friends of mine that are getting run into the dirt on a price game.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:26
Hear so I think it's definitely

Unknown Speaker  1:17:28
in what way are

Matthias Miller  1:17:32
well, earning earning early business through connections

Unknown Speaker  1:17:39
and then

Matthias Miller  1:17:41
needing that business and sitting them down beyond what's even fair? Surely cannot afford to lose the business. I mean, before they lose their business, so got it. I do think that we have unintentionally just custom software by itself. We it raises we've had a few we've had a few people slip in here and there who have not been great fits but by and large, it sets the bar pretty high for a quality client. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:14
So yep. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:18
So your blurb your blurb

Unknown Speaker  1:18:20
blurb.

Speaker 2  1:18:42
By the way on my one is there anything else that you see offhand besides just changing the backside as the front side okay for you?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:50
I think so. Yeah fine.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:13
So.

Speaker 2  1:19:44
How many copies should I print? Let's say that we forgot 500 people attending the two days

Unknown Speaker  1:20:00
220 That's probably fine.

Speaker 2  1:20:05
I mean, because worst case scenario is I'm doing 144 mugs. So worst case scenario is that although not nearly everyone will pick one up.

Speaker 3  1:20:17
No, you might not even need that many, you might even be able to do it with it.

Speaker 2  1:20:22
Although usually it's not that much more expensive. I mean, the price drops pretty quickly. And having having these on hand you know, I don't know, we send out an article and we include one of these with it or who knows what,

Speaker 1  1:20:37
so yep Okay.

Speaker 2  1:21:48
Well, I don't even think you have to use a word off the shelf. So we help small business owners streamline their day to day operations by?

Matthias Miller  1:22:05
I mean, there's a little question is, you know, what's the difference?

Unknown Speaker  1:22:09
Sure. Let me we

Matthias Miller  1:22:14
could just, I mean, we could I think it's appropriate to say retail.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:17
Sure, that'd be fine.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:26
Is that? Yeah, I'm just quickly pulling up the code as proof.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:42
Now, let me take a look at the.

Speaker 2  1:23:08
I think that's fine. I mean, yeah, I mean, the very worst thing that happens is, you know, they call one or the other, or whatever, I just, I'm not that

Unknown Speaker  1:23:18
concerned. So

Speaker 1  1:23:25
j also do 200. Or just 150? It's, it's,

Speaker 2  1:23:30
I'm guessing you can do? I guess you could probably do 100 or 150. I mean, oh.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:50
What do you think? If

Speaker 2  1:23:50
I would on the display table, I would actually flip it around. So that the so that for you that? I mean, the for you would be the it'd be your ad on the top find the right retail software? Sure. Because in some ways, that would kind of make sense. And so because that then that'll be front and center center for people.

Speaker 1  1:24:14
Yeah. So yeah. Like that.

Speaker 2  1:24:18
And then I would say, you know, code houses. I mean, somebody asks us, like, code house is a partner they actually provide. We, we work closely with them. They provide all our sales and support for our software systems. And, well, I guess I know. They provide the support or on our software systems, right. Oh, that'd be great. And then that doesn't matter that much about the

Unknown Speaker  1:24:45
backside so

Unknown Speaker  1:24:47
we'll send this off. Perfect. Yeah. Good.

Matthias Miller  1:24:54
One last question timeframe for en Just tell him look we've got something else in place Ellis is going to take these. Yeah, why don't you take the calls that are in your calendar and

Unknown Speaker  1:25:06
we'll call it a wrap. Yep yep, I think so.

Speaker 2  1:25:13
Yeah. We I was noticing that I'm wondering where all we've got Ian's name littered around I noticed that the some of the articles talked about en

Unknown Speaker  1:25:26
so should we have been go through those and get them updated

Speaker 2  1:25:35
yeah the the we're gonna have to look a little bit because well, I don't I think some of these articles will actually gonna have to have viewfinder update them because I think they've got the Masters but we could find it figure out what they are. Let's talk let's quickly put together the let's go on the marketing drive and put together the, the the handout thing or figure out what we want on the handout and then we'll let Ben polish it or go ahead.

Matthias Miller  1:26:13
Do you need to stop I need? I need to Well, I don't think I need to stop any quick break. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:17
go for it. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:52
Okay

Speaker 2  1:31:56
so let me send you this link that I started on a little bit and we'll let Ben polish it then

Speaker 1  1:32:10
the trade show form yeah there you go Yep, got it

Unknown Speaker  1:32:15
and I'm thinking we'll probably do

Matthias Miller  1:32:25
can we say I need help finding software

Matthias Miller  1:32:34
Oh gracious okay fine we haven't even started talking about case studies either

Unknown Speaker  1:32:43
got the SP ones back great.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:48
So have we talked to them about about that one already or

Unknown Speaker  1:32:51
no we have not

Unknown Speaker  1:32:53
sure Yep.

Speaker 2  1:33:24
And trying to remember what our okay so we've got three steps to successfully streamline any business

Unknown Speaker  1:33:41
oops

Unknown Speaker  1:33:50
oh I see what's happening

Speaker 2  1:34:19
did we ever I saw an order management made simple did we ever advertise that one or

Unknown Speaker  1:34:25
I don't know if we did

Unknown Speaker  1:34:35
that one talks about Ian Miller.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:38
But that won't be hard to change is that is it worth listing?

Unknown Speaker  1:34:48
Maybe

Unknown Speaker  1:34:54
vehicles of software we have

Speaker 2  1:35:06
And then the streamline business quadrant I noticed that we've got a part one that also talks about you and that it looks like we've got a Part One and Part Two did we ever write the

Unknown Speaker  1:35:14
part two because it says we'll give it to them then

Unknown Speaker  1:35:30
there's like a worksheet or something

Unknown Speaker  1:36:10
yeah here it is

Unknown Speaker  1:36:32
don't know if we ever got you find to do anything with it

Unknown Speaker  1:37:33
I think we should have a

Matthias Miller  1:37:34
short link on the CCI website that we use instead of the calendar link so you can switch this stuff out Sure

Speaker 2  1:38:08
so I've got the three steps I got vehicles or software did we not have any oh we talked about order management

Unknown Speaker  1:38:49
yeah that's great

Unknown Speaker  1:39:16
so should we give

Unknown Speaker  1:39:17
them okay

Speaker 2  1:39:21
in some ways I kind of feel like the I'm trying to figure out if I want to go ahead and include the quadrant one this time or not. I kind of feel like it needs a bit more polishing and and it has some overlap with a streamlining but or do you think we should?

Matthias Miller  1:39:41
No I think it's it feels to me like it's the spin off of the same idea and slightly redundant and it's gone right?

Speaker 2  1:39:50
Yeah probably right okay fine. Then we'll so three steps to successfully streamline any business the vehicles a software order management Made

Unknown Speaker  1:39:58
Simple. Yeah. Um, so in future case studies, great. Oh, good.

Speaker 2  1:40:08
So and then if we do this and we could, I mean, if he just sets it up so we can print it out and, and get the print shop to cut them in half, and we can have a stack of him for people to fill out. So

Unknown Speaker  1:40:34
well let him figure out how to format it. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:40:38
We have a call with EBS. Yep, at the bottom of the hour. Yep. Did you want to be on that call?

Speaker 1  1:40:53
Sure, if you want me to. Do you want? Yeah, that'd be interesting.

Speaker 2  1:41:00
It might be worthwhile. So would you want to shoot them an email, say, Hey, I've asked Ellis if you can join the call to or just introduce them? Introduce me. Yeah. Maybe go ahead and shoot an email that way if they they're not ganged up on?

Unknown Speaker  1:41:14
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:17
Do you have anything else I need to talk about?

Speaker 2  1:41:19
I don't think so. Let's call this let's make some serious progress today. And I do think we want to keep talking. We'll talk we'll talk

Unknown Speaker  1:41:27
later. Okay. Sounds good. Thank

Unknown Speaker  1:41:28
you The


Transcribed by https://otter.ai