Speaker 1  00:01
Hey team. First I'm going to explain you how to set up the new setup process. And later on, I'm going to explain you how everything fits together and how it works. So, first thing we need is to set up called outcomes. So for this specific account, they didn't give me any text message, text, or automated text messages that need to be sent on specific days of the setup process. So the only call outcomes I have created rd so basically, you go to Settings, and then calling call configurations, edit options for track called outcomes. And these are the four ones that I added nurture a bad fit, call booked and wrong number. So thinking thinking from the setup perspective, these are the things that they want to select to remove someone from their setup process. Additionally, we could add something if they on the day one of the pros process we they want to send an automated text message, we would create the one SMS for example. Once that is done, that's the first step. The second step will be integrating our to HubSpot. So going to integrations you already know that connecting HubSpot and then once you go to settings, you will want to pull call outcomes. Pull lead statuses of course, assuming that there is already automation in place. That goes that's going to match lead status with deal stage. So that's usually what I do, I have a lead status for each deal stage. So whenever a deal stages known with reenrollment turned on. Based on what deal stage we're talking about, we are setting lead status to that same thing. So called booked hot nurture, and so on and so forth. That way, we have all their lead statuses mapped to deal stage, which will then when we pull lead statuses into our it's going to show on their contact disposition. So that would be the first step. The second step is going to be custom fields mappings. So you will want to enable editing on this. And then basically map total outbound text messages to number of outbound SMS. This is these are Number fields. And then we have some date fields. And I have a long text field for last outbound text message and last inbound text message. So we can see that in HubSpot. These properties of course need to be created beforehand. In HubSpot. This needs to be turned off. For this part to work. We don't want to create any new contacts and I said this didn't do that update contact owners but I might even turn that off. That depends on the specific account once you have that in place, we're moving to some workflows, there's going to be a lot of workflows, just a heads up. But a lot of workflows that will be cloned and just a few things changed. So I have 14 workflows and I'm going to explain them in a strange order. So the first workflow that we need is our exclusion workflow. I named that like this just to make sense for me. You can name them whatever you want. Whenever number of outbound calls today is known we delay for two hours that's the only action in the workflow these workflows with Number two are all the same just for different trigger and different actions. So it doesn't seem that they are the same but they are so whenever number of inbound calls today is equal to one we delay until midnight I Choose Account timezone and then we clear contact property number of inbound calls today. Now you're getting the point so the same thing for inbound SMS whenever number of is inbound SMS today is equal to one of Course reenrollment is always turned down here, delay until midnight, clear contact property. And then we have the same thing for outbound calls today and outbound SMS today. I'm going to skip this workflow for now. Going into number four, again, we have four of the same workflows. If you have more called dispositions which we created previously, you will have more so we need one of these for each call disposition. And here is what those do. So we're using our as a trigger here. So this is called this position. So it needs to be called our outbound call me we're using occurred is less than one days ago, and call outcome and you hear you need to type so instead of typing, I would recommend you copy from the call outcomes that you created here. So we know it's going to be exactly the same, and then paste it here. Now, I'm going to delete this for when it comes to renal. And so that's how this trigger should look when it comes to reenrollment. You don't want to read renal on occurred is less than one day ago, because then it's going to renal contacts whenever a call is made regardless of what was the call outcome. So just turn on reenrollment for call outcome we are going to set datestamp most recent call dispose date. And we are going to set contact property the most recent call disposition to benefit now, I have this most recent called disposition property as a drop down where I select where I added all of these call outcomes. So I just selected here. Now again, all of these number four workflows are the same with just different call outcome in the trigger and different call outcome that we are called this position that we are setting here. And number five, again for workflows. So this one is triggered on our inbound call received so this is what you want to choose and occurred for that action is less than one a day ago reenrollment turned on increased contact property number of inbound calls today. Unfortunately, this hour to HubSpot integration mapping is not giving us just calls today to map so that's why we're doing it that way. We are setting most recent call direction to inbound and most recent communication that direction to inbound now this is not important for the setup process, but it just gives some more information to the client if they need it. And here we have a brand where we are tracking the first inbound call is unknown. If it is unknown, then we are setting a date stamp of first inbound call. Again, all these number five workflows are the same just for the different triggers. So we have inbound SMS outbound call and outbound SMS for each of those we're using a different trigger because we have four separate our triggers. And we are setting of course different property here different property here and different value if like this is inbound but for outbound we are setting outbound. Here again most recent communication direction so we have separate property for call versus SMS direction and then most recent communication in that direction in Robo. And then here we are checking if it's first inbound SMS is unknown, then we are setting first inbound SMS. Again, same thing here different trigger, updating different property but the actions are the same taking different property and setting the date stamp or a different property. But you can basically just clone one of these workflows and just then change the actions that you're doing is it easier than setting it from scratch? Now once you have all those workflows created, with the exception of number three here, we are going to lists

Speaker 1  09:53
we have two folders. I'm just keeping it folders. It's easier to manage. So So we have our management and we have our setup process. Again, it's going to be much easier than it looks now because you can clone the lists and just change some things. So for management, first, and one of the most important ones is exclusion list. So for this list, we have either call disposition, or lead status. So basically, we are going to be using this list to remove people from the setup process, as you notice that our process is imagined for when people are not answering the calls. So if they don't answer today, we call them again, tomorrow and tomorrow, and how many days we have the client asks for. So if someone does answer and they get the call disposition, we don't want to call them again. And also, if they book a call, or they're in touch with the closer or they become closed, lost loved one, we don't want them as well. I am missing one here, just realized bit bad fit.

Speaker 1  11:19
Whatever. So that's the exclusion list. Now we have these lists for maximum dials each day, and in this case, we have seven days. So each day, they have its own list.

Speaker 1  11:43
Lists are very simple. So the client will tell you, we want to call someone three times on day one. And then we want to call them once every other day, or maybe on day five, we want to call them two times. The reason why we're setting it this way is for the client to have easy access. So if they want to change how many times they're going to be calling someone on day five, they can easily do that without changing a lot of automations. And figuring things out, they can just go here and be like, Okay, from now on, we want to call people five times on day one. So they're just going to change this to be five, which we're not going to do. Basically, the lists are the same, it's just a different name. So day two, day three, day four, and then different values here number of outbound calls today is the property that you're looking for, which you can find on contact properties, number of outbound calls today, and set it to whatever you want. So as I said, all the same lists, in my case, the client wants to call once every day, except for day one. So the lists are the same, I just changed the name, I just clone the list, change the name. That's when it comes to our management. Now we can go to the other folder, which is our setup process. So the only list that is different here is going to be day one, all the others are pretty much the same. So let's check out the day one list first. We have to filter groups here. So either or the only difference between these two filter groups is set or outreach day One day is equal to one or set or outreach day is unknown. Other filters are the same. So we have phone numbers known just so we don't end up having someone on the list who doesn't have a valid phone number. Less membership is not a member of exclusion list call outcomes and lead statuses and is not a member of maximum dials day one. And workflow status is not currently active in number one workflow, our exclusion workflow, as I said, group two exactly the same, just this part is different. That's our day one list. Day two list only has settled out three today is equal to two lists membership, again, exclusion list and here we have maximum dials day two. This part is again, the same we don't need second filter group on day two nor any other day list. So day three, again, this needs to be number three, and this is maximum dials day three. I'm not going to open all these, the process is exactly the same. Now we're getting to the last workflow, which is number three workflow increase center outreach day

Speaker 1  15:05
Contact enrollment trigger here is when contact is a member of setter outreach day one list reenrollment is turned on. We are setting contact property setter outreach today to one we're going to delay up to 361 65 days. But basically we're going to delay until property value change. So to the way to get that is delay until event happens here, you're choosing property value changed. And the property that we are using is number of outbound calls today is equal to one apply filter, and then here changed 365 days, you can do more days, I thought that one year should be enough. So if someone is not called in the next year, they are going to be automatically moved to the next action. Once they get called, or 365 days are up, they are going to be delayed until midnight eastern time zone, account time zone actually. And then we are going to increase contact property center outreach day by one. Once you create these first three actions, you can actually just go action clone Dix, this action and all after it and paste it to the bottom and do that as many times as you have days. So here we are setting it to day one, you already know in my process, we have seven days in this account process. So here we are setting it to one, here, we're going to be increasing it to two. So this is going to be moving contacts to the list day two. And then we repeat the process increased by one. So this is day three, day four, day five, day six, day seven. And that's when we end the workflow. So practically you would be when you first create these reactions, you just go clone, this action and all after it and placed to the bottom and then repeat that until you read day seven or day 10 Or day 12. If that's that's what you have. Some clients might want to have day 123 And then day five, day seven day 12. In that case, like you would have day one, day two, day three. And then here, you wouldn't delay

Speaker 1  18:05
you wouldn't just delay until midnight, you will have delay for two days. So if we want to jump from day four No, actually scratch that you would just be doing the same process.

Speaker 1  18:28
Okay, completely ignore me. So you would be increasing to number three, then you would delay until they get called again, in which case after that we want to delay for two days. So before delaying until midnight, we would delay for two days. And then we would increase that our property by two because it's now jumping from day three to day five. I hope this is this makes sense. And if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to me for that process. And that wraps that part up now to explain you how it works. Practically if we go to lists here, when someone is on day one list that would be any new contact that is created. That is not that does not have call outcome and lead status set to anything that we set in this list. That doesn't have more than three dials on the in this case, which is set on this list that is not currently active in the exclusion workflow and that has a phone number they will be added to that list. Now once that happens, this first work workflow not sorry This workflow number three will trigger, which will automatically set set our outreach date to one. That's the reason why we have two groups here. So even when that set, we have them still on this list, but the most important thing was to get them on the list. Even one that's not set to easily trigger this workflow. Once they are called for the first time

Speaker 1  20:38
a few workflows will be triggered. So this workflow will be triggered. And I need to rename this workflow and this workflow.

Speaker 1  21:08
So this workflow would be triggered because they have outbound call, which will increase the number of outbound calls today, which would set these properties. But this specifically is important. Because that would be set to one, this workflow would trigger and then at midnight, that would reset that property, which will allow us to easily Filter Filter people. So if someone called someone five times today, they would have this property set to five, which means that they wouldn't be on the day one list anymore. The reason for that is because they their maximum dials, day one, is three. So as soon as they're called for the third time, they will be added to this list, which will then remove them from the center day one list. So that's how that process works, we're just looking to ensure that the clients can easily change the required number of dials per day.

Speaker 1  22:33
If we look at this workflow, the goal for someone to be moved to the next day list is to at least be called once. So as soon as they're called once today, even if it's if we're talking about day one. The reason why we're doing it that way is because yes, they The goal is for them to call it three times. But imagine they don't have time there at least for Davonne has 700 contacts, and they get to call them once. But they don't get to call them the second and third time. It's a lot of contacts to go over. So in that case, we don't want to keep that person on the outreach day one list. Yes, they haven't been called three times, but they have been called at least once. So tomorrow is the day to for them. However, if someone is on the list, and they haven't been called, they're going to be stuck in this workflow until they are called and only then are they going to be moved to the next day. And they're going to be stuck for that reason on the day one list until they get called. So that's how this works. As soon as someone is called at midnight, they're going to be moved to the next day list. The only thing as I said we don't have explained here is how to send automated texts. So the way I have it set for my clients is, for example, they have to tell me, we want to send automated text when someone is called on day one, and with no answer. And then again, we want to send the text on day three and day five. So in that case, what I would do is I would create call outcomes. On calling as I already mentioned, I would create outcomes day one SMS day three SMS day five SMS when they're calling from our talk on day one, they would have to set the call disposition for us to trigger the workflow and send text. So the call disposition in that case because we would have a new call disposition, new call outcome we would have to edit the property for a call outcome call most recently All disposition to add those new newly created call outcomes here as options. And then the workflows would be these number four, four workflows, you would you would clone them, and the only thing you would add to them, so you would change, of course, the call outcome here in the trigger. Every time you clone the workflow and change the call outcome or anything, you have to reset the reenrollment. Again, just so you know this gets deleted. So we would still set this, this date stamp, we would still set this property just to a different value. And then here in the bottom, we would have our send a text, I will usually choose users personal line agent and attribution I would use contact owner. And then here, I will use code from our owner first name because HubSpot doesn't allow us to use owner first name. So if I go to contacts, whoever and I want to type a message, I would look at variables and find owner, owner first name, put it here and then copy from here. And then also delete, so then doesn't stay there. And then I would say, hi, they and use from here, first name of the contact, for example, first name, and then paste the code here from

Speaker 1  26:53
and choose the phone number that we want to send that to. And that way we have automated texts. Of course, we're only going to send the text if they said the call disposition. So the client needs to be instructed, they only use the call disposition to trigger the text. Basically, the only thing they have to do in our is called people, they would go to Power dialer and pull the lists that we created for them, which is the reason why I have this 00 here. Because when they go here to import, from HubSpot, these lists are going to be on the top. So they would import the list they would call out all those people. And that's it only if they want to trigger automated text, they need to set the call disposition. I hope this is helpful. It makes sense. Let me know if you have any questions or need any clarification. But that's pretty much how we set it. Forgot to mention, the reason this is all set this way is for the client to be able to easily edit things. So oh, we want to add a new lead status that should be excluded from our our setup process. Instead of changing all these lists, a client just goes to this exclusion list and adds the desired lead status that should be filtered out. That's That's one reason. Also, you know, would they want to change to call people five times on day five, they just go here and change this number to five. And that's that's pretty much why it said this way. And also they don't have to use the call dispositions. The process might seem a little bit more complicated to set up. But honestly, for me, it's much easier. And it works like a charm. I already tested it on two accounts. This is the third time I set it up. So I think it works much better than the previous one. Not sure if I covered all things. Yes, there is one thing I forgot. On this workflow, where we're increasing the number Saturday number we have a goal. The goal is for quite for a contact to become a member of exclusion list. So they have a call outcome or they have a lead status. We don't want them on our our lists anymore, but we also don't want to keep increasing the senator outreach today. So that's that's why we have that goal there. When it comes to re enrollment. Here. We are re enrolling you it's hard that someone is going to end up on this list again, but it can't no harm can be done. On this workflow Let me open one of each just to confirm the RE enrollment. So this one definitely needs to be turned on for re enrollment. For number two. Again, definitely need re enrollment number four, only on the call outcome. Wizard said the RE enrollment and number five needs re enrollment. So pretty much the only thing where you don't want to re enroll is number four on the occurred is less than one day ago. That's it. Thank you for coming to my TED Talk.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai