Speaker 1  00:00
Hello, everybody. Welcome guests on a November afternoon, glad to see y'all. And I'm here with Jack born. And I have a long and colorful history with Jack. Jack was my marketing manager for quite a few years, probably about five or six or something like that. So we worked very closely together on a lot of stuff. Before me, he was a serial entrepreneur with a travel nurse state. And then since me, he's created a company called deadline funnels. And he's a well known person in the marketing space. And he's spoken a lot of seminars, and and we use his deadline funnel technology, so that when we do sales and promotions, that there is a consistent deadline for every person. And that could be with live launches. But it's also done with with completely automated sales funnels. And Gary Halbert made a really interesting statement once he said, a sale is an extremely delicate thing. And it is a person being getting put into a buying mood, the right time at the right way. And then what you do when they're in the buying mood, it's all very crucial. And it's all part of the tactical triangle to Jack. Jack created the tactical triangle, which we've made a huge amount of use of and expanded on a call me one day and he's like Peria, you know, I got this idea dredge draw a triangle draw upside down triangle inside the triangle. And he, he walks me through the whole thing. And so now Jack is in the business of conversion and economics and precision conversion. So he's going to be talking about the psychology of the perfectly timed sale. And I can't wait to have you guys here, Jack. And he's in Melbourne, Australia right now, he used to live in the United States. He lives in Australia now. So he's also transplanted himself to another country. And so Jack, welcome. I'm delighted to have you.

Speaker 2  02:42
awesome to be here. This feels this feels like a bit of a homecoming. So yeah, I'm really, really excited. And thank you for the introduction. Yeah, remember, some of the some of the story of how I came to work with Perry is in your brilliant ad. Ad 20 sales and marketing book, I think I think I'm I actually I actually make two guest appearances. And in the book. So one is about the tactical triangle one is about your methodology for having people go through a test in order to in order to qualify to get on the team. And so that was that was that was quite an experience. I remember, when I when I first came to Chicago, I really was under the impression that this was going to be, you know, a six month sort of sort of gig that I was going to work with you is going to be great. And then we'd go our separate ways. And then six years later. So yeah, it just was a an amazing experience, I really appreciate the opportunity to come back and share what I've learned and to speak to you and your audience. So do you want to go ahead and jump into it? Yeah.

Speaker 1  03:51
And I'll just preface it by saying Jackson, my short list of when I'm stuck on a problem, who do I call? And so you should very much given him your full attention today. So yeah, jump right into it.

Speaker 2  04:05
All right, let's do it. Okay, so I'm going to share my screen. And there we go. So just make sure so, Perry, can you just confirm you see the title slide? Okay, cool. Great. All right. So so this is what we're going to be talking about today. I know that we love to get started. So this is, you know, we're again, I feel like this is a bit of a homecoming. And so I know that we like to geek out on anything that has to do with psychology and marketing. And so this is gonna be a lot of fun. I'm gonna talk about the psychological trigger that's going to maximize your sales for every offer you have automated or live. So Perry already did a great job of introducing me and we've already talked about how I've worked to Perry and have came up with a technical triangle and I was in his 8020 sales and marketing book, which I'm sure everyone already owns. But for some strange reason you don't yet own 8020 sales and marketing book, get the to Amazon and purchase the 8020 sales and marketing book because it is absolutely fantastic. It applies to every single entrepreneur, whether you're selling courses, or your brick and mortar store, it's fantastic books,

Speaker 2  05:15
as pretty mentioned, have been in the biz for quite a long time, several of these pictures are of Me, assisting Perry at roundtable events or at various events that he spoke, and it was just real, real honor to have been part of part of his journey and prepare to be part of my journey. And that journey took me to Australia, as Perry already mentioned, so just kind of zipping through the slides real quick. But one of the beauties of you know, building a business that can scale, and we're gonna be talking about this is that if life sends you in an unexpected direction, you have the freedom flexibility to do that. And so four years ago, my two daughters needed really a reset. And so we hit the reset button, sold everything in the US and moved to Australia. And it's been a wild, crazy adventure. So it's been, it's been fantastic. So here's what we're going to cover today, we're going to cover how to use a fundamental truth of human psychology to increase your sales, we're going to cover how to turn your marketing into automated assets that scale your business. And we're going to cover specific ideas that will start bringing you more clients and sales immediately. So I want you to be able to exit this training with the not just the 60,000 foot view of what's going to help you dramatically increase your sales, but specific ideas that you can use and start to implement in specific areas of your business. So I want this to be very practical. So spoiler alert, at the end, I do have a special offer, but it will cost you absolutely $0. Because it's a trial to check out if you're interested. So relax, you're not going to be hit up for a $2,000 anything, it's just a free trial at the end. And even if you don't take advantage of it, you're going to learn a lot on this training. So with that, let's go ahead and get into the meat of the training. So you've probably heard of the international bestseller Thinking Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman, winner of the Nobel Prize. And if you haven't read it, there's a key concept in here, which I'm going to keep hidden for a second. But the concept of blank blank is certainly the most significant contribution of psychology to behavioral economics, according to Daniel Kahneman. And that's really what the two words that go in that blank is really the crux of what we want to talk about today. So would you like to know the two words that can double the perceived value of every offer that you make? So for example, there was a study done and it's been replicated several times where a group of so imagine an auditorium where there's, you know, typical one on one level training at, you know, like one on one psychology, huge auditorium of 300 people, 150 people on the left side of the auditorium, and 150 people on the right side of the auditorium. And they conducted a social experiment, social psychology experiment, where one half of the room let's imagine the left side of the room is given a coffee mug. So the teacher's assistant goes one by one hands out a coffee mug, such as you see here to every single person on the left side of the room. The other side of the room, unfortunately, gets nothing but chose the wrong side of the room to sit on. So at this point, everyone's wondering, what is this all about? Well, next, they hand out a slip of paper with one question on it. And everyone answers a question and hands it back in. But now here's the thing. The question was different for the people who had the coffee mug versus the people who didn't have a coffee mug. And just just to be clear, there's nothing special about this coffee mug, it's a coffee mug with the University logo on it. It's just a coffee mug, nothing, nothing unique about it at all. So the people who have the coffee mug, the question on their slip of paper was how much would someone have to pay you for you to relinquish and trade and give up? You know, for you to sell your coffee mug? And the people who didn't have a coffee mug? The question on their slip of paper was just a little bit different it was how much would you be willing to pay to buy that coffee mug from someone else on the other side of the room. Now, roomful of human beings all evaluating the same generic coffee mug with a school logo on it. There's nothing different about it. So if human beings were rational, you would expect that everything from the left side of the room to the right so the room would be about the same. But guess what it wasn't. So the people who already had the coffee mode, valued it at $5 on average at $5.25. That means that they said in order for me to give up this coffee mug that was given to me for free. I did nothing to earn it. I was just happened to sit on the left side of the room, and I have the coffee mug, but how much would I be now that I have it? How much would I be? How much would someone have to pay me on average is at 525 Everyone on the other side? I'd said, you know, I'd be willing to spend maybe 225 to buy that coffee mug that I don't have yet. That is almost a 2x difference just based on how it was framed. So the real difference comes down to someone who already has it. And now they're being asked to give it up. versus, you know, someone doesn't have it, how much would you be willing to spend to acquire it? So that comes back to that two word phrase from Nobel Prize winner Daniel Kahneman, who wrote the international bestseller Thinking Fast and Slow. The concept of blank blank is certainly the most significant contribution of psychology to behavioral economics. And that's really what we're in the business of is understanding how people actually make buying decisions. And that comes down to psychology and behavioral economics. So what is this two word phrase? It's loss aversion. Loss aversion. So if you haven't heard of loss aversion before, then economists Kahneman explains that we fear loss about twice as much as we relish success. And he's done experiment after experiment after experiment on this concept to show that human beings don't make rational decisions, I think everyone on this call already knows that we're not actually rational, we use logic to rationalize the decisions that we've made from an emotional standpoint. So we know that human beings are making emotional decisions. So the fear of loss plays a huge impact on it. So loss aversion is really the key, it's just comes down to the way that our brains as humans are wired. So you've probably seen this show up several times, if you've ever done a launch, or any sort of promotion, where there's a deadline, you see a sales curve that kind of looks like this, the first day of the launch, sales take off, then they kind of flatline a little bit, they dip, and then the biggest day of your promotion is on the last day. And I like to call that the term I've come up to describe that last 24 hours where you see the maximum of sales maximum out of revenue per minute, the maximum amount of revenue per visitor is the perfect persuasion window. This is where loss aversion is really kicking in. And taking some screenshots from different blog posts where people have analyzed and shown here's here are the sales that came in and as you can see, from this example, from Brian Harris, same pattern a big first day, but the biggest day was the last day again, perfect persuasion when it that's when the loss aversion is really kicking in. My friend Andre chaperon same thing. He shared his Excel spreadsheet, and you can see sales or biggest on the last day. And this is a screenshot from my Stripe account on a Black Friday promotion that I've done in the past, biggest sales are on the last day. And here's another screenshot from a blog post by red meat Sethi where he did a really powerful six figure launch multi six figure launch. And by far, his biggest day was the last day you see this pattern show up again and again and again. Even Amazon has their biggest sales day when they're employing urgency and scarcity together. And that's their Prime Day, that's when sales go absolutely through the roof. And they have a record setting day. So the big lesson number one is you need to understand loss aversion big lesson number two is you must have a deadline or else you're missing sales every single day. I want to emphasize every single day that you don't have a deadline on a promotion, whether it's a launch, a flash sale, a holiday sale, but especially with Evergreen offers, you are leaving money on the table, you're leaving money on the table, you and I cannot afford to leave money on the table. Now I'm not I just want to be absolute 100% clear, using a deadline and everything that I'm going to teach you today is not going to turn a dead offer that has you know that nobody wants to market that can't afford it. You know, it's not a magic bullet that's going to fix that. But what it will do it we'll take an offer that's doing well, and it will crank it up to 11. All right. And so you and I can't you know in with with click costs and advertising costs continually going up with competition continue continually rising, inflation going on, you know, we cannot afford to be lackadaisical about leaving sales on the table. So what loss aversion allows you to do when you when you take advantage of it is it gives you the ability to to make sure that you're getting every sale that you possibly can of the people who are clicking on your links, attending your webinars, attending your replays reading your emails, you can't afford to let these these sales slip through. I used to be in face to face sales. And there's an old old saying that is very, very true, which is the delay of the sale is the death of the sale. If I were in your house trying to sell you an alarm system and you said, Gee, you know Jack, that sounds great, but I really need to think about it. The chances of me actually closing that sale have gone down dramatically the longer that you have to think about it even if you are truly interested in it. So the delay of the sale is the death of the So, now, I just showed you a bunch of screen screenshots from different launches. And you've probably seen this in some promotions that you've done. And you've probably heard about the impact of deadlines, that's great for launches and for promotions. But what about automated funnels, because we want to make sure that we're able to scale our business and bringing clients and increase revenue every single day, not just when we're doing a launch once a quarter or doing Black Friday or Cyber Monday. So I want to share a case study from a guy named Nick Stevenson, he was one of our first clients, and he had a website called your first 10,000 readers. So basically, he taught authors how to how to turn there, instead of just putting a book up on Amazon and praying that people were going to find it, how to actually go out and do their own marketing, so that they would have a best seller, based on marketing, basically, was teaching marketing to authors. So he started with the launch. And right out of the gate, he was doing really, really well he's, he's following the typical launch formula. And then he started to do as long as more and more often, and he was sort of carbon copy of these things and, and try to run them like once a month, and he was getting about a 6% conversion. But Nick didn't really have an automated system. So required him to go back and like reset everything. And to, you know, do it again and again. And also his leads that were coming in, they were waiting, because you know, if they happen to come in right after the last launch ended, even if he was going to run one in another four weeks, people had to wait. And you know, the delay of the sale is the depth of the sale. And so his revenue would peak when, when his launch was running, and then we dropped to zero, and then it would peak, and then it would drop to zero. We hear this all the time people talking about how they're killing themselves during a live launch after a live launch. And they just want to get off of that roller coaster. So Nick asked, How can I automate this? How can I still increase conversions? And can I find a scalable model. So what he did was he used the platform that I'll share with you in just a little bit where he set it up. So that leads that enter the funnel on, say a Monday, let's just say that their deadline was on Friday. Well, we talked about loss aversion in the perfect persuasion windows. So for that cohort, that group of people that started on Monday, the biggest day for of sales for that group of people was on that last day, people that came in on Tuesday, their perfect persuasion window was on Saturday, that's when the loss aversion kicked in for them, and so on, and so on, and so on. And so after a while, it didn't take long before every single day became a day where a different cohort of people had their last day. And that was their perfect persuasion window. So they're going through Nick's automated funnel, and then reaching a deadline at the end of that funnel.

Speaker 2  17:43
And sales grew 38%. And what he did was he found the perfect, the perfect high upper quadrant of high conversion, and automated. So with a launch, you get high conversions, but it's manual with something like a sales page. It's fully automatic, right? It's fully evergreen, but anyone could show up at any time and make a purchase. But the conversion numbers are way, way, way, way, way lower than a launch. So by combining these two things, both automation and high conversion, he was able to scale his business very, very rapidly. And believe it or not, Amazon actually uses deadlines, not just for their Prime Day and for holiday promotions, but they use them for evergreen promotions as well. So here you can see they've got a deal that ends at

Speaker 2  18:34
11 minutes, it looks like or 11 hours, 56 minutes. And so the US deadlines, like Amazon doesn't use something if it doesn't work, they've you know, just like Google, just like Facebook, Amazon has so much traffic that they have the ability, and they take advantage of this to be able to test, you know, down to like microseconds of of a page load speed to see how the conversion is impacted. And so the fact that they're using deadlines, not just for their Prime Day, but also for a lot of their ongoing promotions or evergreen promotions, shows you that Amazon knows that deadlines work. But here's the thing, you don't want to use something that's going to sacrifice your integrity, you don't want to do something that's going to, you know, how have you lose trust with your audience. Everyone who knows Perry knows that Perry operates with absolute 100% Integrity, that's one of the reasons why I ended up working with Perry for six years instead of six months is because you know, he's such a he operates with such with such integrity and he really plays a long game and I think there's a lot that we can learn from Perry on that level which is that you know Gone are the days where you can just send traffic cheap traffic to a sales page you know, make a sale or make an affiliate commission and that's your entire business like those days are long long gone. And you know if you happen to run into, you know, some sort of weird niche or weird pop But where that type of economic still works, it's not going to work for very long, alright, so you're going to need to make multiple sales to clients on and on and on again. And so you don't want to do anything that's going to make the second, third, fourth and fifth sale more challenging with your clients, because you've done something where you've, you've told them something that wasn't true. So that was what I struggled with, when using years and years ago, I was actually on Parris team, and I still had my my side business, you know, selling courses and other software. And, you know, Perry was, you know, teaching lead generation automated email sequences long before, you know, everyone else was. But what I wanted to do is I wanted to be able to use deadlines and the psychology of loss aversion, in a way that we didn't have to sacrifice our integrity. And at the time, there were certain platforms where you could do this pseudo live webinar. And I don't want to throw shade at any particular platform by name. But, you know, we've decided not to go with this, because we just didn't feel right with, you know, telling someone like, hey, it's live when it actually wasn't. So this really set me on the search of trying to figure out how do we employ deadlines and loss aversion and the perfect persuasion window in a way where we can bring people into something like Infusionsoft or Active Campaign or ConvertKit, and have their downline be tied to their actual record. And so that's what that's, that's why I created Dublin funnel. And what it does is it tracks people across all of their different devices across all the different pieces of their marketing stack, no matter where they are in the world. Now, that might sound a little bit crazy that you know, who can contract that? Well, but what I did was I actually did a test that you can see on our YouTube channel after this training, if you want to check it out. But what I did was I flew from the US to Australia, on one of my return trips, this was pre COVID. And what I did was, I started myself in a sequence on my laptop. And it was a five day sequence, I jumped on the plane, flew to Australia, recovered from the the the jetlag, and then, with about six hours left, I drove my daughter to the to the Apple store in Robina. And purchase an iPad unwrapped, it did the thing where you click the button and everything gets pulled over. So we're in a completely different location, completely different IP address, the device just came out of the wrapper. So obviously, there's no cookies. So open it up, login into my Gmail account, and the account down is is accurate. So just to just to be able to show that everything with Dublin funnel, keeps your deadlines accurate, across different devices across different platforms, even across different continents. So if it's if it's that accurate, you know, you know, it's going to work because very few of your people are going to be flying from the US to Australia or vice versa. And it works even in that situation. So, exactly how does this work? And how can you use this, what are some different ways that you can use it in your marketing. So basically, it starts with a trigger. So we'll talk about what those triggers can be. But for now, let's just say that it's an opt in, so someone opts in, and then you've got a specific period of time, it can be a few hours to a few days to a few weeks, but you're going to have a deadline, because we've already talked about the importance of having a deadline in your promotions, in order for you to really maximize the perceived value of what it is you're offering. And to make sure that you're not missing out on any sales. So deadline funnel will start at the same time as whatever that trigger is, in this case, we're using the example of the opt in. And so if it starts at the same time, and it lasts for the same number of days, or hours or weeks, then everything's going to be synchronized. And when your final day email says, Hey, today's the last day, you know, for you to grab these special bonuses and this discount. Deadline funnel is going to have your back and make sure that everything is 100% accurate. Now that opt in can be replaced with something like a tag. And I'm going to come back to this in just a little bit. But this isn't just for people entering your funnel for the first time. This can be someone who is already a subscriber already done business with you. And through some behavior, or some tag that was applied, they've now gone into a specific sequence that lasts for X number of days, and then ends with a deadline which is really, really powerful. So it could be a webinar based on when they attend or when they sign up. Or it could be even based on a messenger bot if they interact with a Facebook Messenger bot or a page visit. So some people are not generating leads. They're just bringing people to a page and you can use retargeting that is matched up with the deadline. So, as I mentioned before, one of the most powerful things especially because we all you know follow Perry's advice of having people go through automated sales sequences and then branching them off in different directions based on what they click on. You know how they answer different questions. You know whether they have enough have acted in a while or whether it haven't. So there's lots of different triggers that you can use to put people in the best match email sequence at the right time. So what you can do is you can daisy chain these together, these little funnels, I like to think of these as Lego blocks. So Lego blocks gives you the ability to build anything that you can imagine you're really only limited by your creativity. So, you know, when you have these modular sequences, you can, you can plug and play them and rearrange them however you want. So that your leads are going through the best match funnel, at the best time, so that when someone clicks on something that you know, leads to a blog post, but that happens to be related to something that you're selling, you can put them automatically into a sequence that then sends a signal to Deadline funnel that says, hey, five days from now, that's going to be this person's deadline. And so you develop know, like and trust, you educate them, but you also make them a special offer that has a very specific deadline. And this is how you can continue to increase conversions, not just on the leads that have just entered your world for the first time. But people who have bought from you before or maybe people who become leads in the past but haven't bought from you yet. So what types of funnels? Can you use this on? So literally, almost almost anything. So do you have an email sequence? Hopefully you do. But if you have an opt into email sequence, doubling funnel will help increase the conversions for that. And you can use the concepts of loss aversion that I've taught you earlier, to increase your sales for that email sequence. Some people like to have a an offer right after the opt in which some people call a tripwire offer. So it's a free opt in and then you're giving them something very low price, but high value on the thank you page. So you're quickly converting that new lead into a client. And so one of the most effective ways to further increase sales is to have deadline funnel, really making sure that they know that this is the only time that they have, they have to make a decision right now, so they can't wait forever. So having a deadline on that tripwire offer page, automated webinars are extremely popular, whether you're doing it as as a as a, you know, using an automated webinar platform, like easy webinar, or any of the other dozens of webinar platforms or something really simple is to just take your recorded live webinar, and to have that as a webinar replay after someone opts in. And so that way, you're not trying to pretend like it's a live webinar, or you're just giving someone a specific number of days to be able to actually watch the recorded webinar. And then there's a specific amount of time for them to take action. And so that's, in my opinion, a much easier and much more ethical way to take a live webinar that works. And to continue to get continue to get value and sales out of it day after day after day, week after week, post purchase upsell offers. So again, this comes about all of this comes back to the tactical triangle, which hopefully you're familiar with. But really the concept comes down to you know, traffic no longer is as much of an issue when you have your conversion rates dialed in and your economic started. So on the economic side of things, you can look at the price that you're charging for things. But also do you have bump offers? Do you have upsells. So along the lines of upsells, having a deadline on your upsell page is a is a tried and true way to increase sales for your upsells evergreen virtual summits, we recently did a virtual Summit. And we've since made it Evergreen. And so you have the ability to take what worked in a live setting and turn that evergreen I mentioned before chatbox sequences, and then also live launches and promotions. So hopefully all of this sounds familiar because this is what Perry teaches whether he's talking about, I used to call it the maze. And then now I think Perry was calling it the carousel in the last two years that I was working directly with Perry. But really the concept whether you call it the maze, the carousel or something else, it's this idea that someone becomes a lead in your business, whether they buy from you or not. And then based on the things that they do, or things that they don't do, or time in the funnel, like how long has it been since they've clicked on something, it can be as complex or simple as you want it to be. But you can put people in the best match funnel based on what they've done or what they haven't done. And then using deadline funnel, you can have have that deadline set up to to be at the end of each of those sequences. So obviously, what you want to do is when you when someone makes a purchase, you pull them out of that, that promotional email sequence, and then send them through a nurture sequence. And then at some point down the road, you're going to send them back through another opportunity to purchase so I know Perry is a big believer in making sure that you're supporting your clients through the entire lifestyle. People have their journey. You know, Perry doesn't just sell the definitive guide to Google AdWords, there's lots of different things that you can buy from Perry. And what he's the offer that he's putting in front of you, really is based on where you are in your journey at that point in time. And he's set up his email system to figure that out. So that based on what you click based on what you you know, how you behave, how long it's been, since you've opened an email, and various other things, his email system will move you into the sequence that has been determined to be the best match for you. So you can do the same thing. And then use deadline funnel to supercharge the conversions and how much money you're getting from each each of those transactions. So what I want to do is I want to offer a special deal for you, because you're going to Perry Marshalls clients are in Perry Marshalls world, and as his former marketing manager, and also because Perry such an awesome guy, I want to make sure that I put together something unique for you. Now I mentioned at the beginning of this that it is a special offer, but it doesn't cost you anything to start. So let me go ahead and jump in and share with you. So you pay zero now, and you'll save $300 off of our annual create plant. Now, what that gave us our create plan is the plan that is is our most powerful one, it gives you an unlimited number of campaigns, it gives you the ability to remove the branding from deadline funnel, it gives you the ability to do to use all of the cool widgets and tools inside of inside of deadline funnel, nothing, nothing is held back. Normally, it would cost you $948 a year. But you're gonna save $300 And you pay zero now. So in other words, you're all you're going to do is you're just going to try it out. So everyone else pays 948. But you save 300 bucks, because you're part of Perry's tribe. So the URL at the bottom, I want to make sure that you so it begins with Gail so go dot Dublin funnel.com forward slash Perry. Now if you were to go to Dublin funnel.com. And just check out our pricing, you can do the math, and you will see that the Create plan, the cheapest that we offer it on the annual discount is 948. So you can go and verify this for yourself. So deadline funnel gives you the ability to add countdown timers, both inline and floating bar style count timers on your page. As I mentioned before, it keeps everything accurate across all sorts of different devices, no matter what device they're on, no matter where they go. Dead. iPhoto has your back. And it's going to keep everything accurate. And one of our most popular features. As you can see here, this is a screenshot of Pat flans. Hopefully, you know Pat Flynn, he's smart, passive income. So he's got a very, very popular podcast. And Pat Flynn is another thought leader like Perry that really believes in Dublin funnel and uses Dublin funnel to increase his sales. And so this is an example of Pat Flynn, using deadline funnel in his emails and the emails match the the deadline on the sales page as well. So having one of the one of the most powerful ways that you can have to really grab someone's attention on the last day, this is a big tip, you want to send three emails on the last day. Because I can guarantee you you're going to increase sales, I've never had anyone come back to me and say, you know, Jack, I sent three emails on the last day and it just didn't work for me. So send three emails on the last day. And I would highly recommend in at least one of those emails, use our countdown timer, because just seeing that image of that countdown timer in the email really makes sure that someone understands the time is running out on this deal. So you get the ability to use our countdown timers in your emails and have those all synchronized up with your sales pages. That also gives you the ability to put their actual specific time and dates and timezone of their deadline in their email itself. So this is really really powerful one of our most popular features, you don't have to use it. But combined with the countdown in the email is really really effective. Because these little details really make sure that it communicates to your leads, that this is a real real deadline. So deadline funnel, basically brings in that person's each leads unique deadline and shows it to them in their in their email. And you can do the same thing on the sales pages. So in addition to having a countdown timers on the sales page, so that people know visually that this is the deadline is coming soon, you can dynamically put the text of their specific deadline, date and time in the actual sales page itself, which is really powerful. Because again, it really emphasizes that this is a real genuine deadline. So you can say something like hurry, this special offer is gone 11:59pm Pacific, October 12. And by the way, you can format that for any sort of language you can change you know how that shows up. So we have people using Dylan funnel all across the world in markets that don't speak English. So you can format it however you want. A really really powerful feature that that I I absolutely love is that we have the ability to hide the countdown until, say the last three days, or maybe the last two days or the last, you know, five hours, whatever you want. So, the reason why that is so powerful is because you might have like a seven day or 10 day email sequence where someone is a new lead, the first several days of that email sequence is not the right time to be talking about the deadline, what you want to do is you want to wait until I say the last 72 hours, but particularly last 48 hours to 24 hours, is when you really want to start talking about the deadlines in your emails and on your sales pages. So what do you do about you know, how, how can you hide those? Well, inside of deadline funnel, we give you the ability to hide those until X number of days are left or X number of hours or left before the deadline. And so when someone is early in that sequence, they're not seeing the countdown timer, they're they're not seeing the floating bars. But then with 72 or 48 hours left, all of a sudden, when they're going back to that page, and you're talking about the deadline and the urgency in your emails, that's really when the loss aversion is going to be most effective within 72 hours before the deadline. And that's in fact when Dublin funnel will show those countdowns on your pages. So the launch funnel has your back once again. And so you have that feature, you also have the ability to use deadline funnel as a widget. Over on the left hand side or bottom right hand side is sort of like a chat widget. Now it doesn't have chat functionality, but I'm just describing like how it shows up on your webpage. But it's another way to make sure that people see that time is running out for your special promotion, we call this portal. And it gives you the ability not just to have the deadline, but also to have another psychological trigger, which is which is social proof. So as people are purchasing as people are signing up, you can show these activities in that portal bar in that portal of floating window. And it will show you know, Jane from Omaha, Nebraska, signed up signed up five minutes ago. And so that social proof is really really powerful in combination with the Dublin. So you get a year of deadline funnel, which normally cost 948, you pay nothing today, it's a 14 day test drive, and you save 300 bucks, and that price is locked in. And so whereas other people are going to pay 940 A year after year after year, you're going to save $300 year after year after year, and so your price is going to be locked in. But to make this offer even more special, I'm going to throw in several bonuses. So bonus number one is $500 value, which is I'm going to personally review a part of your funnel. So whether that's a sales page, or an email or two, I will spend 30 minutes on a live call with you to review a sales piece that you want me to review. As I mentioned before, I've worked with Perry for many, many years, I've sold, I've built and sold many, many businesses, I've been doing marketing for a long time, and just the value of having someone else who knows what they're talking about looking on a sales piece and giving you advice on your sales copy, or your positioning or your pricing or your offer structure is incredibly valuable. So I think that's absolutely

Speaker 1  38:10
agree this is a bargain. If you have a sales funnel, and you sell anything in it, that review with Jack will pay for itself easily in a college funnel stuff. So I highly recommend that.

Speaker 2  38:32
Thank you, Barry. Um, yeah, so just just so you're aware, I know that people like to put, like, you know, hey, this bonus was worth $2,000, this was worth $3,000, this $500 value, just so you know, if you called up if you contacted my team and said, Hey, I'd like to get an hour with Jack, I really wouldn't do it because I'm busy running my business. And so this is something that really I'm putting trying to put a fair price on this. But when I would work with Perry in the past, we charged way more than $500 for for 30 minutes of my time. So this is you know, just so you know, the putting, putting the price of $500 on this, this is something that you normally can't get. And also it's you know, even if I did 30 minutes, it would be way more than that. Bonus number two is a training that I did with email copywriter named Ryan Schwartz, and it's specifically about the last emails, the emails that you send them the last 72 hours. So since we're talking about loss aversion and the power of having a deadline, one of the things that I wanted to do is make sure that you knew exactly what to write in your emails and those critical last 72 hours and the training that I did with Ryan Schwartz is not available anywhere else. This is a really special training because it's going to help you write those emails and Ryan Schwartz is written copy for Amy Porterfield and a whole bunch of other seven figure You're an eight figure entrepreneurs, he's just a genius genius copywriter. And so I know that you're going to really, really get a ton of value out of this and be able to put it to use right away is really the important thing because you know, you're gonna want to write these emails, you're gonna want to write them correctly. And so I think you're gonna come away with so many ideas that all of a sudden, you're gonna want to rewrite emails and a whole bunch of your of your funnels. So bonus number three, is a training that I did, called paying for your ad spend with tripwires easily $100 value. And then there's a training that I did with Alec Peck, you've probably seen him all over YouTube, if you haven't paid YouTube to hide ads from you. But he is spending just tons and tons of money every single week on YouTube driving traffic to his business. And he teaches people how to do the same in their business. So we did a training together. And so in addition to so I wanted to cover all corners of the tactical triangle. So we've talked about increasing, you know how much you're getting through the use of upsells. And pricing and bonuses to increase in conversions. And I wanted to make sure that also included, how to get additional traffic to your funnels. So altogether, that's over $900 in in bonuses plus a full year of Dovan funnel and the cost you absolutely $0 Today, okay, so I just want to be clear, you get all of this for absolutely $0 today, just for raising your hand and saying you know what, maybe I'll just try it out, I want to see what it's about for 14 days, and then I'll decide. And by the way, after you sign up, you get a free 15 minute onboarding call with my team, which in itself is extremely valuable. Because we don't want to just send you to a bunch of documentation. It's like good luck, we hope that you figure it out, we want to make sure that you go through the trial and get lots of use out of Dublin funnel. And so my team is there to help you make sure that you know how to use it that you have all your questions answered. And they'll do a screen share with you and walk you through the software. And just make sure that if you have any questions that those questions get answered. So again, if you pay nothing today, you have 14 days to test it out. And even after that, just so you know that this is completely risk free. Even after that 14 days, you still got another 30 days to say, You know what, I don't know what I was thinking, I've changed my mind. Even though I got all the bonuses from you. And I tested it out, even though I got an A 15 minute screen share with your team. I'm just I'm just changing my mind for whatever reason, you know, I don't like the way that you look, Jack, you know, I want someone who's got more hair, you know, whatever, whatever the reason, good, bad or otherwise, you can contact my team. And within 30 days after the 14 day free trial, you can change your mind. And we'll send you a refund. And we'll part ways as friends. So I just want to make sure that this is as easy for you to say yes, I'm just going to try this out and see what this is like. And then let us prove to you how powerful Dublin funnel is for your business so that you can see that Dublin fall is going to increase your sales. And it's going to be a critical part of your marketing stack. So you probably know this guy. This is Perry is just one of many thought leaders, but he's one of the key ones. I owe a lot to Perry. And I'm honored that Perry said online funnel is a key part of my marketing. If you're on the call, when we first kicked things off, he said the same thing. My team is using it to automate my marketing phones in ways I've never been able to before. Another client of mine, Alana Kaivalya, again, so I've got lots of thought leaders, but I've also got people who you've never heard of before, because they're just in their business doing their thing like Alana Kaivalya, PhD, she boosted her automated webinar conversions, which allowed her to 10x her business. Here's her winning an award from Ontraport. And then she bought out her partner and her business partner. So she owns her business now 100%. And she has really gotten into into sailboats, and she's loving wife, another another client of mine, Abby, Ashley went from $10,000 per month to $60,000 per month. And this is one of my favorite video testimonials that you can see on the Dublin funnel.com site. I can't promise you that you'll have the same results but it does hopefully show you the impact that that using deadlines can have in your business. So she literally did nothing else but add Dublin funnel to her funnel. And her sales went from 10,000 per month to 60,000 per month. So what I don't think that we set up the audio to play. So I will just so there's a video here but I think that we see your

Speaker 3  44:40
countdown sequences we use deadline funnel. It's

Speaker 2  44:45
a great Perry, can you can you hear them talking or? I can

Unknown Speaker  44:48
hear it but you might turn your speaker up.

Speaker 3  44:52
gentleman by the name of Jack horn. Yeah, yeah. Jack's a great guy. He's a great guy. Deadline. funnel.com deadline funnel.com On, we have made $1,800 in about 21 hours, currently done $2,200 In I guess I started about 10 days ago. And since doing that we've bought in my life, probably over 5 million bucks in business. Since we started using deadline funnel, it's resulted in, at this point over a million dollars in revenue from those sales funnel. So over 100% improvement, which is awesome, it is probably made me in addition to our regular income, a quarter million dollars just because that damn countdown timer that tickets in, I just gotta say, I'm a huge fan of deadline funnel. We've been using it now for well over a year. And it's really been a game changer for selling our products and programs on an evergreen basis. The reason why I like this tool is because it's authentic, deadline funnels, the only thing out there, it's going to be a true, real Integris. If that's a word,

Speaker 2  45:55
and we needed something that created authentic, I think you guys get the get the point. So Dublin, Dublin funnel is really changed the lives of a lot of a lot of entrepreneurs out there. And in the context of business, nothing makes me happier than No. And that's something that my team and I have created, has really helped people to be able to sell more to be able to reduce their client acquisition costs, we can't read it, we can't force Facebook to give us cheaper clicks. We can't force Google to give us cheaper clicks. But what we can do is through using the tactical triangle, and through using the psychology of loss aversion, what we can do is we can reduce our cost of client acquisition, and we can also increase the lifetime value of our clients. And really, you know, it's not the sexiest thing in the world thinking about, like the math and psychology, I was once at a Dublin sorry, at a Dan Kennedy event, many, many, many years ago before I started working with Perry. And he said, you know, typical Dan Kennedy style, he said, he said, You know, I could probably write the the entire training of this two day event on the back of a business card, but you guys wouldn't pay me $2,000 for it, like that's so Dan Kennedy. And he said, it all comes down to math and psychology. And that's really what it comes down to like just knowing the math and knowing psychology and just continually to do what works over and over and over again. And so what deadline funnel gives you the ability to do is it gives you the ability to lower that client, client acquisition costs, increase that lifetime value, increase the number of times that people are making purchases with you, and increase the dollar value of every purchase that they make with you. And so when you combine those things, that's how our clients have been able to scale their business, and to be able to take a lot of their promotions, and automated or if they already had automated promotions to turn them from either soso promotions or money losing promotions, to high ROI promotions. So I want you to give Dylan funnel a try. That's why I've made it really, really easy for you to raise your hand and say, Look, I don't know if this is going to be a lifelong commitment of mine. But I just want to try it out. I'll take the 14 day free test drive, pay nothing today get all of these bonuses. And then I still have 30 days after that for me to change my mind. And then I've got this discount this juicy $300 discount off of your best most popular program locked in. And I'm going to be saving money year after year after year after year after year. So that's my offer to you today. So if that interests you, I would love to have you over as a as a client. So good to go Dublin funnel.com Ford slash Perry again, that's go dot deadline funnel.com Ford slash Perry. So that's, that is the presentation. I want to thank everyone for being here today. I want to thank everyone for your time and your attention. And if there's any questions, I'd be more than happy to answer them. Well, I think what I'll do is I'll exit the sharing screen and see if there's any questions or Perry if you have any questions with us. Adele

Speaker 1  49:03
is asking does it integrate with Click Funnels Active Campaign in WordPress Infusionsoft? Yeah,

Speaker 2  49:12
um, the answer is yes to all of the above. So sometimes I describe deadline funnel as the Zapier of urgency and deadlines. So we connect with all of the things we connect with Active Campaign we connect with WordPress, you can actually probably the easiest thing to do is to get deadline funnel.com and go look at the integrations page. And you can find some of the more popular ones like the ones that Adele mentioned are at the top. But if you don't see the ones that you're using, you can type it into the search bar. And we also integrate with a never know whether I should call it Zapier or Zapier, but whatever you like to call it, we integrate with that thing so that we're able to connect with even more platforms. So Kajabi ConvertKit Ontraport Infusionsoft After keep whatever they call themselves these days, you know, all all of those software's and many, many more, we integrate with most of the popular checkout pages, payment pages, email systems, page builders, you name it, we integrate with it.

Speaker 1  50:18
Excellent. Carlos, do you have a lifetime option? No. Okay.

Speaker 2  50:28
And the reason why we don't have a lifetime option is because the the the way that we've structured it is so that we're, our incentives are lined up with our clients where, you know, a lot of I'm sure everyone has seen the entrepreneurs who also like, there's entrepreneurs who dabble in software. And then there's software entrepreneurs. So the entrepreneurs who, like the marketers who dabble in software, typically will come out with a, you know, a really powerful offer, which you know, get for them, but they'll do a lifetime deal. And then what you find out is six to 12 months later, they've moved on to something else. And, you know, this, what we've, what we've done is over the past 10 years, we've continued to improve and improve and improve Dublin funnel. And so by structuring it this way, this aligns our incentives, it makes it so that I can continue to invest in the best developers. And to continue to improve the project and the product, year after year after year.

Speaker 1  51:26
We use deadline funnel in we integrate it into our email campaigns, our web pages, and it gets used in some kind of major promotion, I don't know six or eight times a year, plus it's in some of our evergreen funnel. So it's, it's a quality product, I think this is a very good value. And if you do the math, well how much of a sales increase do I need in order to justify this? And I can tell you that usually, somewhere between half and two thirds of our sales come in the last day and half of those come in the last few hours. And so sometimes the best thing you can do to make a sales happen is to put a deadline in place. So take advantage of this. And Dell is asking how long is the software available?

Speaker 2  52:29
So if you go to go dot dot Lun funnel.com forward slash Perry, I believe we've got a countdown on the page. Let's see here

Speaker 2  52:44
Do I think the my team up yep. So as of this moment right now, three days, 10 hours and six minutes. Okay, super.

Speaker 1  53:00
Well, thank you, everybody. Appreciate it, Jack. Very nice work. Glad you're doing so well with this thing. And take advantage of this and go dot deadline. finals.com/berry. Take care. See, everybody


Transcribed by https://otter.ai