Matthias Miller  00:29
Yo,

Unknown Speaker  00:30
Yo, what's up?

Matthias Miller  00:33
Hey, what's up,

Unknown Speaker  00:34
man? I've never seen you in a white shirt.

Matthias Miller  00:37
This is me in a white shirt. Boom, boom.

Unknown Speaker  00:42
Dig and step up. What's going on, man?

Matthias Miller  00:45
Oh, lots of stuff happening.

Unknown Speaker  00:50
I could tell. I was like,

Speaker 1  00:54
Yeah, I was like, Holy moly, like a lot going on.

Matthias Miller  00:59
There's a lot going on. Yeah, we are. My EA started last week. And so getting her on boarded with EA stuff and then getting ready to me, we hired her with the plan of taking more of more client engagement work as well. And so we did that we did that training like it's just been anyway, it's been feels like forever, like a week ago, we did like eight hours of training that we recorded and

Unknown Speaker  01:27
okay.

Matthias Miller  01:29
And so that's going to be like part of the onboarding process going forward for that role and like, we're doing daily daily coaching calls with her and my other team member, those are being recorded for I mean, it's kind of like our own internal teacake style program. Nice. And so there's a lot of good progress and a lot of good pieces being put in put into place. But it's just like, there are days when I have this note of things on my phone, I'm like, these are things like that I'm processing and working through and like all this stuff. And there are days where it feels like my head's about to explode just because it's so much. I have a quote one of the coaches I've been working with since December, is actually we're bringing her on in a higher level of engagement, working, working more closely with her, but then also having her engaged with some of our team members. And like, he's kind of elevating our culture, as we as we do that. So super, super excited about that.

Speaker 1  02:30
That's awesome. You told me about her where he's expressed some things helped you get through some blocks and stuff like that, right?

Matthias Miller  02:37
Yep. Yep. Yeah,

Speaker 1  02:39
that. Okay, so you are over your head in terms of all the roles you're playing right now, which is like CEO, trainer. fulfiller. Like you're doing all sales

Matthias Miller  02:55
trying to do what marketing? Yeah, sales type stuff. Yes, exactly. Right. Okay, okay.

Speaker 1  03:02
Yeah, that's a lot. That's a lot going on. So I don't want to take up too, I don't want to take up too much of your time. But, uh, when I thought about it, I was like, you know, what, this really is a better conversation. So I can kind of like feel you out, see where your head's at. And we can come up with a solution to move forward that fits you best with where you're at, and some just some input I have. But I notice I know like exactly where you're at, like, I know, like, I kind of like really knew exactly where you're at. And I've also had other businesses be where you're at, too. So I was like, You know what, let me just hop on this call that we have. Anyway, this obviously, is gonna be real short call. And so I had a couple ideas or thoughts. And then I was like, let me just bounce it off of him. Because the messenger message I got was like, I cannot do this. I do not have extra space here. And which I like, completely respect. And I wanted to be like, Yeah, man, you're right. Don't worry about that. That's why I didn't respond if you're what I was, like, in between, like, being a brand coach and like, holding some accountability to like, Where are we going? And to be like a friend and a business owner and be like, like, elite friend and like, you're right, man, this is to

Speaker 1  04:25
take your time. So that's why I thought I would come on this call and I get to say, hey, do you anyway, see what's cracking? So one, one thought that I had for you and it's more of a question is something I have seen a lot of people experience and I myself have the honor of going through this cycles of Holy crap. We have so much work, we're up to our ears in it and now we're trying to train our people and make the systems and do the things and keep our clients happy and in fulfillment We're just can't handle anything else. And then sales and marketing, everything seems fine, everything seems fine, we're really happy. And over a period of time, whatever your time is yours, yours is longer a three month up and down kind of cycle. Mine's one month, but then nobody pays attention to sales and marketing, because your foots off the gas, some projects are to get wrapped up, and then it's fire, like, Oh, my God, I need to have, we need to have clients in the pipeline, we thought this was gonna come through, we didn't, we need somebody else. And then you're like a blaze. Now, sales and marketing so you can pay all the people you just previously hired on your fulfillment prices. So here's what I thought about. And again, like there's different ways we can work if that's something you've experienced, I know that you guys are building things up, you have a higher price point, meaning buying cycles are generally longer in those kind of scenarios like to get because I used to, I was in different. I was in completely different price range before commercial interior designs pretty expensive. Which I think you might know if you have an office. So that was a different cycle in terms of getting people in. So one of the things I was thinking about is like you've got going on right now, you've learned so much, you're in a league, like you're showing up, you're trying the marketing, and I know all the staff that you're bringing in. And then you're also still working on the sales piece. And you're trying to do that and all of all of the things. So my proposal to you was going to be like, yo, why don't you take some time off, and take it off from now until like through Thanksgiving, like have a solid like, three, four weeks where you're like, I don't have to worry about this thing, or what I'm held accountable to do here, because I can't freaking take it and I'm not going to give my best effort I'm not going to absorb. And then what I was thinking for you that might be more digestible is if we were to start the week after Thanksgiving, December 3, and like, obviously, delete out the holidays, right? Because Christmas and all that stuff, for sure. We started December 3, and then maybe we could pace it bi weekly, instead of meeting weekly. And so what this would do is it would allow you some opportunity for like us to meet and you have two weeks to try things to do different topics to be able to play around with some of the organic during that that time. And if something ever becomes totally overwhelming in our like two week meet weekly stuff, we can pivot towards like, we can pivot towards some of the stuff that I still have to do for you. So one of the pieces, three pieces, there's the organic strategy, which requires testing, iterative testing. So that requires you the other piece is the actual PowerPoint template webinar kind of template deal. That's something I'm doing for you. And then just showing it to you to get like approval on if you like it, how you want to think about that, that's gonna be at least two meetings. And then after that is like the translation into the website, and even then that's probably a little bit of you, but more of me working with your web developer, blah, blah, blah, I probably have some people I could help you out with. So the reason I thought of this is that my concern for you as being your brand coach is organic is annoying, it's kind of hard. And it takes a little while to get used to. But I was just on an elite gold call with Melanie powers. And she's the woman in the group who makes 400 k a month. And she's just she's just a phenomenal human being. By the way. She's just like a great person. And in there, she was talking about her journey of how she had been doing paid for a while been doing paid ads for a while got to like 100 k months. And then they were like she was like cool, we're coasting like we're good. Like everything is great, like everything I could have is here. And then add strategies at work, the same paid stuff that was converting clients didn't work. And she was obviously this elite environment, LEED Gold. And they had coached her to be like organic is the foundation of your business is also why Taylor and Chris and Tina, they still have organic, they still do it. Even though they've got plenty of ad things running. They still practice organic. And so she talked about the fact that she had to break herself from the paid stuff, get back to organic and really lean into it and learn it. started to learn it started to try things worked on her copywriting all of these things, you know some of the strategies and that she's literally built up her business right now. 400 k a month is basically all marketing. They have a very small funnel. So it was For you pipelines good right now you hired the people in, if we could just spread out how you're learning organic, where you have some space to breathe, but opportunity to not take your foot completely off the pedal, that it might help your tree organic tree kind of plant in without feeling that pressure of like, I am dying right now because I'm doing all the things. But we're really setting like the foundation for you over our entire next phase together, that the organic piece isn't slapped on at the end. And you're like, Oh, good. I did it. Like she said, I did it. I think I did it. It's good. Um, you know what I mean? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  10:40
Yeah. And really, really developing those kind of those muscles. with that. But slowly and like, but slowly. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  10:51
I think I think this is the direction that it might make sense. I think I think one of the concerns.

Matthias Miller  11:03
Okay, handful of thoughts. One of my concerns jumping too quickly into the website is that it still feels to me like, and I know, this is why you we talked about organic and I think spreading it out over time gives me a little more confidence that we can nail down that message before we get too deep into the website. Because that's still a Yeah, it's it's changeable. But that's still a significant investment of time and effort. So let's see if we can up that a little bit. I think I think I feel better about that. And

Matthias Miller  11:38
other random thing. I did a challenge with Myles Stutz from the he's like a former that you might have seen his name in the ck group, okay. And he does like exclusively conversation control, like messenger Convo stuff. And just working with his coaches, I didn't end up enrolling in this program, because it's, I mean, we're doing this, it doesn't really make sense to, you know, drown yourself in a fire hydrant. But that was, so I definitely got a lot of progress with that. And I felt like I got a lot of breakthrough in that. Other random thing. I had a conversation with Nate Morse yesterday, actually. And he was telling me a little bit about his automation stuff is automation and testing that he does on LinkedIn, which have a lot of mixed feelings about because I know how how much LinkedIn hates all this stuff. I'm just like, rambling out, this is just like, my brain is just like, whatever.

Speaker 1  12:37
You I know, you don't have to like you don't have to, you don't have to explain your personality. Like just got

Matthias Miller  12:44
awesome. And so I don't even know. Anyway, I don't even know why I'm saying that. Well, I guess what, here's why I'm saying that one of the things that was really intriguing about that was was he was just talking about making the whole goal of, of, of the testing, beating have conversations. And it feels like even on the organic, if there would be a way that I could do an EQ and hop on five to 10 minute calls to just talk to these guys on the phone. Like last Friday, I talked to a guy who runs a they got four corporate offices in like 13 and service 13 states. And they just got done signing on to a 250 k build with Salesforce. But but like just hearing his language as soon as he recorded the call, but just hearing his language and that kind of stuff. It's it's huge breakthrough. So anyway, those are things that I'm processing in this kind of organic journey. In the meantime, I am trying to kind of keep not completely forsake I have a super awesome checklist track a tracking spreadsheet that I go through for my organic which I have not I don't have enough time to go through the whole thing it would take me like actually a Facebook and LinkedIn which I don't know if I really make sense or not, but which would take like three, three or four hours a day to actually go as in depth is what I would like to go at least at the current pace it anyway. So those are just like random thoughts. Of what I've been kind of processing on the organic journey, I think. I think this makes sense.

Matthias Miller  14:31
Yeah. A lot more comfortable about this approach.

Unknown Speaker  14:37
Go. Um,

Speaker 1  14:42
let me see. miles. I no idea who he is, unfortunately. I'm glad you made. I'm glad you made a lot of progress with them. I'm sure he had some really like awesome insights points of view. You might be getting into the thing where you're getting so much information at the same time. topic is like confusing. You know, like, Nate. Also I love Nate. Nate is awesome. Nate is very hungry to make a sale. Like

Matthias Miller  15:09
I do.

Speaker 1  15:10
I think Nate kind of cried when he was trying to get me to buy his webinar, something creation. I was like, No, I was like, I'm not dude. I'm like, I'm like, I already have a relationship. Like, I'm already talking to this person. He like, kept trying kept trying. He's like, I'm gonna do a free audit for you. And I wanted to be like, oh, Nate, I really want to coach you on sales. Like this is, as I like, like, had to put him down. I was like, I still like you, Nate. I just want you to know like a personality. So I like him. He's a hungry young dude. You really, really trying to make some sales? Um, I don't blame the guy for that. That's all good. He's hustling. He's doing his thing. So what he says could work. Yes. What miles could say could work. Yes. What TK says the work? Yes. I think the reason that we connected on this because I I'll just take it back to our conversation, that sales call. You didn't ask me for organic help, because I don't think you wanted it. I kind of raised my hand and say, could I please like coach you on organic? And you're like, No,

Matthias Miller  16:16
no, no, I

Speaker 1  16:17
love your done for you. Visual, I love when you show up all my calls. Show me some stuff. I tell you what I like, like, people love those parts. Great. And I was like, Yo, Matthias, like, let's, let's do this organic. I'll give you the other stuff you want. We'll pimp out your website, when it makes sense. We'll we'll give you this awesome slide deck for when you're doing webinars and Walesa work on your organic, it's really going to be foundational, if I'm giving you a back end, and you're like, Okay, looking. So to be fair, it's a pain point, because it's annoying right now. And so we're going to in it, you're going to help me be able to teach it in a way where it is not annoying to you where it becomes something that works. So at the end of the day, just like a fitness person or whatever. You're saying it's a you know, organics and muscle, I don't really care how you get the muscle, it doesn't have to be just me that you're getting influenced from my job really is to be more of true, the true coach that finds having known Matthias find the right path for Matthias for where you see progress, like, I could coach and I have, I've coached Sierra, because you know, Sarah is like my bestie. And we both have each other's offers all that stuff. I have coached her on organic and she's like organic, clean. But that doesn't mean she doesn't get in her own way. That doesn't mean that her mindset when her sales dip, she's like crying on calls bawling and is like, I suck, I'm not gonna make, I'm not gonna make any money, I'm gonna have to, like, let go of stuff. And I was like, get it together. Like, here's what we're doing with organic girl, you are awesome. So each person needs a path. And so that's what we're gonna do for you, we're gonna find you a path that makes Mathias successful in organic. So if the end of the day your end goal, less time, hop on more calls, etc, we're gonna first have to triage what's not working, get you on the right path. And when you do get those clip calls going, you will then like organic, you know, it's just like how people don't like SMS calls at first, because they haven't gotten to swipe up swipe yet. Once they swipe, they're like, you know what, I love SMS calls. Great. person, right? So that's what we're gonna do. That's what we're gonna do. And I know some of your personality and kind of what works, what doesn't work, where you might kind of go into computer science mode, where you're, like, over analytical, and you're like, I'm going to go through every permutation of what this is. And that's what sucks about organic is like, isn't that an every permutation? That's what we're gonna do for you come up with a strategy that works for code house, and he's easy for you to implement. And we'll figure that passport for you. It'll just be unique. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  19:05
that makes a lot of sense. But does

Speaker 1  19:06
that feel does that feel like less pressure and like, more like an a piece that's more comfortable?

Matthias Miller  19:12
Yep. Yep. And there's another piece with that as well, that something else that popped in my mind that I would, I think I would do extremely well being able to with some of my organic pieces, doing more lives, but being able to riff with somebody else, just a part of the process could and that's actually something I'm actively thinking about is who is that person that I could riff with? That would? Yeah, anyway. Okay, because there's a ton of stuff. And I don't unformulated

Speaker 1  19:45
So, yeah, I saw you post on that. And then somebody else posted kind of back to that and I was like, No, no, not not. I wanted to like, jump in and be like, Not you too, though. No, I love you both, but I Know your personalities and like, not you guys together. So I like the idea, let's think about who are the type of person. And it could even be somebody from your team like you realize this right? Like, yeah, it could be somebody from your team like actually, you and Tim, or you and Ian, like, I'm just throwing out concepts of people who are already code house who understand it, who know it. You and Tim it and you and Ian, it's a good back and forth. Like, I don't know if everything is still cool with it, or is it like, Good, okay, cool. So you and in. And then like, Ian is like, I don't know, there are different personalities. But like you and Ian, you and Tim like that could work like that could honestly really work. Because there's a little bit of it, you just pick a topic, and you do that. But before I just like release you and say like ripping with somebody else's your pieces and says, I think you're just missing a couple of the keys to success on a live by yourself. We don't have to start there. Because that might be annoying to you. We're going to start with the easiest thing first. So, alright, let's

Matthias Miller  21:12
get to it. Hopefully this month, I can also free up some more time. And just anyway, great space.

Speaker 1  21:18
Yeah. And so here's what I offer to you is when you're jamming, and you're like in the mood or you're writing stuff or whatever, if you want to share those documents with me on Google Drive, and be like, hey, like you check this out? Or what's going on? I don't mind just taking a cursory look at it and being like, Oh, yeah, here are some things to look for. Or here, hey, here's my be where you're using this audience or the messaging went off. So maybe that's even a little bit of like, starting off and getting getting things going in the right direction. Cool. Okay. Okay, I know you have a lot going on a lot of stuff to do, the goal would be to continue to add friends for your actual avatar. That is, I'll tell you, the number numero uno mistake people make is they start putting out gorgeous organic that is like the bomb copywriting. And it's their mom and grandma who and their friends from high school, were reading it. If you don't have your audience on your page, nobody reads your organic. That's why they make you go post in groups. You're not friends with those people yet. So that's actually number one objective. And the other thing I was gonna ask you, were you able to do the exercise of five things you're grateful for and five things or do you want to share

Matthias Miller  22:39
your gratitude family? For sure. progress in the progress that we're making in fulfillment? Yeah, building up fulfillment. Three new team member for bringing bringing the coach in working with working closely with me and work closely with the with the team, right. And we have just stupendously awesome weather in Colorado right now. And I'm, like, 70 to 70 yesterday, today. Anyway, so I'm not spending enough time outside, but every chance I got five things that we're, you're proud of, proud of. One is one is one is just in continuing to invest in myself. Definitely not of that. And strengthening my no and tightening my focus, being able to turn away things that just aren't. I just still still feels to me sometimes. Like I'm super odd, because I'm like looking at, okay, here's how dialed in, I would like my focus to be, but when I look back, I'm like, that's actually pretty good. The recent training that we did for the staff and some of the the procedures and slps we're starting to put in place, pretty proud of that. And I am proud of the progress that I have been making. Again, this is one of those look back not forwards. And last one I had was new office space, which I don't know why I'm saying what. I want to disqualify that they're not super proud of it, but I kind of am. It's fun to be able to start expanding space space wise and the possibility of further growth. So there you go.

Unknown Speaker  24:31
Yeah. Okay. Why were you about to disqualify it?

Matthias Miller  24:36
Um, that was kind of the big deal thought.

Unknown Speaker  24:41
The way like,

Matthias Miller  24:42
like, big deal, like so what? Like,

Unknown Speaker  24:45
it's a huge deal.

Matthias Miller  24:47
I mean, you look at my office and like, literally my office looks like, like the camera looks awesome. But then like, I have like, no place to put stuff and then like over here. It's like all of that. So That's probably why I want to discuss.

Speaker 1  25:01
So you go give you some perspective. Here's my office. Here is that's where my desk ends. Here is a pile of crap in the corner that my my kid has taken over. And there's just stuff there and mail. I found my American Express card in there. Here are some markers. Here is Oh, here's a diaper Genie. I bet you. And then here is a playroom. These is really half shared with my kids. teddy bear. Yeah, so I don't even have an office. This is like a half opposite playroom. So, you know, we all we all have those things, it is a big deal. Because when you first talked about that office, you had imagined, having an environment where your culture was really going to be born and where everyone was going to be in front of each other and how different that would be shaped then your entire remote team that you've been having to work with is a huge milestone, I would dream of having something like that, although my dream is the opposite. Because I've worked in office forever. So I like to have the virtual dream. It's a huge deal. So don't don't discount it. We're aware, there are a lot of people who would love to be in your position. So it's a big deal. And I am very proud of the progress that you have made you made a ton of progress in organic. But that's not the only thing in leadership in sales, you mended stuff with em like a freaking boss because he really wanted to work with you use you make yourself kosher with brother like you've got five kids wife's going on. I mean, you're you're like setting up a legacy for what your family is. And your self confidence within you from when I first met you to now is like, completely off off the charts. Like it's very different. How you're showing up. So whether you speak off the cuff, whether you might get add sometimes is a matter of do that's what makes you you so beautifully. A lot of tech people are like that. You're looking at all your possibilities. So anyways, I just want to stop for a moment. And do that exercise because I know you're into gratitude. But I wondered how much do you celebrate stuff you're proud of that you did?

Matthias Miller  27:20
That's still hard for me?

Speaker 1  27:22
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I do that exercise the five things I'm grateful for. And five things I'm proud of, I do it every I do it about every day. I'm like, I fit it basically, within one page is not like it takes me about two to three minutes. The Grateful thing I had picked up, you know, Oprah was doing it for a while. I'm actually a very grateful person in general. So I was like, very easy for me to like, do it. Because being grateful is appreciating other people for what they've done or life circumstances situation. I can appreciate other people all day. But the five proud, proud things I am proud of is that was hard for me to do because I'm not used to celebrating myself, like I am other people. And I can tell you, I've been doing this and I got it from a coach of mine. I've been doing this over about two month period of time, I thought it was making no difference at the beginning. I can tell you now I feel better inside like my inner person is tighter and stronger inside. So when I hit a wave, which I do like couple days ago, I was like down sad about I don't know what I was just sad and anxious and upset. I'm a little I am more like solid on the inside. Because obviously I've been feeding my mind with what I've actually done, instead of saying what I haven't done yet. So as a person who understands you, I recommend the exercise. Because you practice gratitude, which you know, is amazing, like in terms of fulfillment and happiness and all that. But the five crowds really help celebrate you and your journey. So

Matthias Miller  29:12
recommend it. Yeah, it's really good.

Speaker 1  29:14
Especially you're going through it, you're going through a huge season. Wouldn't it be cool to have it documented how much you've changed in this time? Like you so cool. You know, you can see it? Yeah. Yeah. All right, man. Cool. Okay, cool. I'll get the stuff on the calendar. We'll skip over Christmas and stuff like that, and then we will just take it every two weeks at a time.

Matthias Miller  29:35
Cool. Okay, sounds good.

Speaker 1  29:36
If I can help you in the meantime or support you just holler, okay,

Matthias Miller  29:40
okay. Awesome.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai