Speaker 1  00:00
We've had some ups and downs. But on the upside, it feels like, like I've done a lot of work around, kind of offering positioning again, one of the things that's become clear is that, well, the softer side is cash hungry. And it's a bit of a, it's a bit of a harder sell. But one of the things I've been looking at in this is at positioning myself as the systems person in the construction space, which is definitely a theme that has come up. And I guess my mind kind of went a lot of different directions, and then kind of coming back to that. And with that, then there's the question of, like, what systems do I focus on? One of the most obvious ones, and is actually is actually the sales and marketing systems. Because there's a lot of them that are early on in the process, like, like, they grow to like 600 K, or 1.5 mil, on referrals. And they literally have no sales and marketing systems in place. So so then the the, here's my line of thinking, in this, this is like the grand vision is of, of that being the entry point. And then just in the same way that TF walks alongside people as they grow and scale like, okay, let's get that in place. Let's get you up. And then you're going to experience this fulfillment bottleneck, and you're going to experience fill in the blank, like, well, let's get you good leads, and then how are you going to close them? And then how are you going to get your salespeople in then like, all of that stuff. So that's the grand vision, and then on the back end, it's like, when you start going to multiple locations, let's start talking about whatever whatever point it is, let's start talking tech. The other big thing in terms of focus is I have felt way too much pressure to kind of put together and formulate an offer. And I got a really good kind of set of questions to ask people around some of these issues. So my, my goal and focus now is let me get these guys on the phone for 2030 minutes. Hopefully, let me just ask them a bunch of questions about it's and it's basically an SMS but with more specifically targeted questions to help basically help them get them to help me generate create the offer.

Speaker 2  02:42
Who's doing this? Um, who are these people that you're hopping on a call with?

Unknown Speaker  02:48
Well, this would be like, with with my avatar.

Unknown Speaker  02:52
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  02:53
like, like, with with people in the construction space in that range?

Speaker 2  03:01
I okay. I mean, like, are they clients of yours? Do you know them? Do you have some connection with them? Okay. Okay, is this so hypothetical? Like you would find those people? And then you would ask them?

Speaker 1  03:19
Yeah, I started finding some of these people. Some of them I'm not quite sure if they're in the right revenue point. But it's somewhat it's, it's partially in motion. I would want to get it more in motion.

Unknown Speaker  03:37
Yeah, what you're picking?

Speaker 2  03:39
I'm, I'm trying to pick up where you're at, from when I last saw you. So I'm still I'm processing the concept that this is now I'm trying to understand is this a front end offer? And then we're still sticking with the coda house offer that I knew of automations for fulfillment and systems for film, film, and is that still happening as the core and then this is a front end? Yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  04:08
Yes.

Speaker 2  04:09
Okay. Let's back up a little bit. Why? Why? What happened? What happened with the core offer, like give me because there was like the hiring of people, the training of people, though, where you were kind of in this state of like, we're so busy with fulfillment that we can't take on another client. So where are you at right now with how busy is the team versus how badly do you need cash flow to bring in new clients to pay these people that you've hired?

Speaker 1  04:41
The answer is yes. Which is because of that, okay, there's another piece to it too that I have started digging in a bit. And I'm not completely sure where to go with this

Unknown Speaker  04:55
is

Speaker 1  05:00
Like, like we are, we are busy and, and some of that I've been taking some test runs and finding people who can help with, with some of the fulfillment side of things that I can train.

Speaker 1  05:15
But the the cash flow structure on this, here's what it feels like, it feels like we'd have a lot more opportunity, if we could, I don't know, because of the level of expertise here, and in the long sales cycle, the way that we have currently structured it, but the way that we could potentially structure it, it would really be nice to have a cash engine. Because if we did, then instead of charging upfront for development, we could sign a one year contract, or whatever we're going to do take on some risk and create long term recurring revenue off of that. But, but that's, that's a long term play, that gives a lot of leverage. But that's really cash hungry. So the thinking with it, is to create some of the opportunity for that, going into some of the low hanging fruit, and some of the eager buyers around sales and marketing. Because that's the felt pain point. And allowing that to be the cash generator, to where that's the cash generator, and the back end is the long term play. Once we, once we get like a year or two from now, we should have a whole bunch of components that we can basically do a Mr. Potato Head, er p system for them, instead of building so much of it out custom. And that will make a lot of these types of conversations easier. The other thing that could be of interest is once we start talking sales and marketing systems, especially in a sales system. To be honest, I don't know that. Okay, our our kind of pipeline management isn't world class by itself, but with the opportunity to, but it could be a way to get our foot in the door with software. Like basically, let's build in this piece. And then we can start building on additional pieces with the idea of a unified whole at some point where we could maybe package the software in with some of those. I don't know. So that was a very long winded answer to your question.

Speaker 2  07:33
I want to see if we can actually like get off the zoom and hop back because your voice has been crappy the whole time. So I'm not sure if it's on my end or your end. I'm not sure so let's let's just both hop out and come back in because that happened both times. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai