Speaker 1  00:00
It's good. Okay. All right, I'm going to put a pause right here and take us back to some other stuff to offer us instructor on the call that we were putting down where we're at, and then where we're going. So let's back it up from here. So tell me, so we're gonna do right now. And I'm going to find a system for us to, to be able to do this. Again, we're gonna check in and just see where everything is at. But I want to get some, just some stats from you some numbers. So what were what was November's revenue for you.

Unknown Speaker  00:43
We

Speaker 2  00:45
collected a design that was like, honestly, like a 30 $500 design. And there was a bunch of time and materials get her hourly consulting. That was probably somewhere around. Sorry, let me run some reports. Okay, I should know my numbers better, but

Speaker 1  01:16
that's okay. Well, this is, this is good, because this is this is stuff where this is stuff we're going to talk about in this back end.

Speaker 2  01:24
Alright, so cash collected last month was only like 4500. Okay. I ended up with about 20 k in receivables, something like that. It was pretty close to 20 k receivables. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  01:39
receivables from previous months, basically

Speaker 2  01:42
from previous, some from from last month and some from previous months.

Speaker 1  01:46
Okay, so around 25. Right. That's what we would say is what?

Speaker 2  01:51
Yeah, okay. Yeah. But yeah, it wasn't it wasn't single month revenue for that. It was single month revenue was probably probably closer to 10 to 15.

Unknown Speaker  02:01
Okay, okay.

Speaker 1  02:03
what's the what's the 20? Then? I thought you collected that.

Unknown Speaker  02:08
That was those are receivables not yet collected?

Unknown Speaker  02:11
Oh, I see. Okay.

Speaker 2  02:13
Yeah, about 10 to 15. There's only about five that was collected.

Speaker 1  02:18
Okay, okay. All right. Cool. Um, what about what happened in October?

Unknown Speaker  02:39
That's worse. We collected about 1500. Okay. And there's probably another it's probably about five k earned that collected that would be included in the, in that 20 K.

Speaker 1  03:06
In October, okay. Um, what happened with some of the what happened with some of those big clients that were like you had these big prospects that were like 100 K and 200 k projects? What, what ended up going down with those people?

Speaker 2  03:22
So we're in the process of designing part one of 10. I have another prospect that is probably another 50 to 100 K. But there's basically it's a father, son, the father needs to be brought along. So we're planning to set up a conversation with him at some point around that. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  03:48
So you did get

Speaker 2  03:50
that? So that one we did not yet get? We're waiting to Yeah. I mean, it's still in the works. But this this is the nature of the this is the nature of the beast. Is that these are sales cycles. Yep. So.

Unknown Speaker  04:08
Okay. And then

Unknown Speaker  04:11
for November,

Speaker 1  04:14
for November, do you know how many SS calls that you had?

Unknown Speaker  04:20
I've been struggling getting SS calls.

Unknown Speaker  04:22
Okay.

Speaker 2  04:24
So like I had, maybe well, it's struggling and it's been lack of clarity, lack of confidence in the offer. It's been lack of direction it's been lack of time commitment, but the time commitment is really hard to get when you don't have some of the first pieces. So honestly, in some of these Honestly, it's kind of frustrating because I feel like I should have some I should have more of these questions answered. I know where I'm at in the process. They don't, and not even quite sure what questions to ask.

Unknown Speaker  05:17
That's okay. That's what we're on the

Unknown Speaker  05:21
wall. So

Speaker 1  05:27
when you're in this kind of state where everything is everything, and it's a flurry, is really difficult time to actually like focus and hunker down, it's almost like you're not in the eye of the storm, you're like in the part of the storm. So you can go either into the eye and then just get swept away with it or step out, you're like in the wind part of it, where it's like hitting you and you're like, what do I do here? Wait, that didn't work. Let me go try this, wait, that'll work. Oh, let me try this again. And so it's just it's, you're in, you're in in the storm, not the eye of the storm. And so one thing that can help ground you and everyone who's an entrepreneur during these, these kind of storms, which are obviously in his data. And so the way we need to have your data, though, is where it is clean, and it is easily accessible. And that you know, these numbers like these, like you can like, I don't care if it was like 4500 or four, but knowing like I collected for accounts receivable is 20. Here's what happened in October, roughly like my plan for December. So what that does is that he sets up some sort of framework to be like, here's what I need to do. And the data piece of it creates that attribution to what's working and what's not working. So right now, you're just kind of spinning because you ended up having to hire the end. Listen, anytime you have to scale the team, the sales piece takes a hit. Every time, every single company every single time you hired somebody else on which I don't know if it was a programmer, or who or another Ian or something, not another in another Tim? No.

Unknown Speaker  07:13
Kind of another Tim?

Speaker 1  07:15
Yeah, yeah, right. That's what I thought. So another Tim, and then an EA. And so and then you were still having to do technical, some technical work, right? Because you're trying to teach, because you all were over your head with fulfillment, because obviously, accounts receivable are still there. And those clients still want their stuff, even though they're not new sales. Because your offer takes a while your offer takes a while. It's big money, but it's over a long period of time. And so that fulfillment continues to be there and you got sucked back into them. You're just carrying a lot of plates right now. So what we're going to do for today, and what you will have at the end of this call, why I think I'm going to clean it up for you, I'm going to make you a spreadsheet that makes it really simple for you to track important pieces of information. And even though you have that report, I'm sure you have some fancy counterpart, I just want you to copy and paste the number or enter it in so that we can see it together on like a quick fly. And what this is going to do is make it really clear for us how many SS is you've had roughly how many conversations roughly or how many friends you've had, that's your avatar, how often you've posted, you know, kind of some stuff like that. I don't care if the number is zero, I don't care if you're like, I haven't done anything in three weeks, that's fine, because then that gives us a really good inkling on. I got really busy with my growing my team and scaling my team and fulfilling on the clients I already had. Now I'm you're very, you're in a very common state of now. You're looking around, you're like, Where's the harvest, we need to get back to planting, right? We need to know what happened, unfortunately, but it's normal. Everyone's confidence gets hit when you don't make sales for a while. I don't care how awesome you are. I've had clients make record breaking months, and then the next month just have this major dip. And they're like crying. They're like crying on a resume, or entire resume, like them just crying and I'm like, Hey, listen, it's okay. Like, let's first of all, let's get this out. Let's get this out there. There's nothing to be ashamed of. There's nothing to knock yourself off that you know, don't chip yourself down. This is normal. This is part of the journey of what it takes. It's not fun the whole time. It just goes like this. It's like this. And the officers. Oh fun. And then you do this and you're starting to doubt everything. So our plan of action is to get you data. And that data is going to be clear on what to track and it's not going to be an overwhelming amount of stuff. One spreadsheet. We're going to have accountability on that every week. So you also see progress with what we're doing during our time together. And the other thing we're gonna do is we're going to focus on, we're gonna focus on one to two things. Focus on one or two things for now, I know you have a ton of other stuff going on the back of your mind, lots of things to handle all of that kind of stuff. But I'm going to pull from Travis Peters, that the whole ship is going to go down. Unless we get your RGS underway. So whether the front end offer that you're talking to me about which I think is interesting, and I think is good, because you're trying to pull in some quick wins, you're trying to pull people who are like lower level and you know what that market is, it's really smart for your, for your funnel, like for the front end to be like this, then core and then back end all makes sense. Maybe it could be fine. But when it comes to the organic, and the Avatar and finding those people, honestly, the minute you say, rip, Joe, I'll put together my offers, we're fine. I'm gonna like go start doing two steps, and I'm going to start posting for this other offer, then your core people will come in and you'll be like, this is insanity. Like, what why is this? Why are these people coming? Now? They literally this happened to a client of my past actually, like he's been going down for a while. He's like, well, now people are trying to ask me for this. I'm like, because you harvested for that it just your harvest took a second, but that's what people think of you now, you know, and it's frustrating when you're the one waiting for your crops to grow. So what I'm saying, the good thing is, I think your front end is logical Make sense? I will help you refine that offer. So that that is out of your head onto paper. And somebody else looked at it and said, it's good, I'm really damn good at offers actually making sure the price right, we're going to do that. And then when you get an SMS call with somebody you're going to prescribe which one of these offers they need based on where they're actually at? Most are gonna find most people are going to fall distinctively into one bucket or another because you do know your avatar extremely well. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  12:04
Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 2  12:15
I had something with a question for that. With that. Which you weren't the part you were saying about the I have all these people coming to me? Can you repeat that, again, because I think it kind of went like, through my head about the client who was like, I don't know, you're telling a story about this long past client

Speaker 1  12:38
that had this experience? Yeah, he's fresh on my mind from yesterday. He, he had a certain offer that we build together and I was his client to use it was a weird, like one of those weird situations where he was my client first, and I was his client for both of these offers. So first, he had one type of coaching surface, and he did all of his organic based on that, but then he felt this, ah, like, it's not going as well as I want to, and I want to change I want to do something, hired me again to rebrand him in the other direction. Um, and he was adamant, like, this is what I'm going to do. And I'm like, Yo, it's your business, like, you do whatever you want to do with it, like at the end of the day. So then he went for that he was super excited about a win win win, didn't take off traction, like he hoped. And he messaged me last hour I saw on his organic, he's like now trying to fuse both these things. And he's like, Oh, yeah, I was gonna talk to you about that. Like, what do you think? And I was like, I think it sounds great. I think it's kind of like, probably what you should have done from the beginning. And it sounds like that's what your market wants usable. People are asking about the original offer now. And I was like, Yes, because you laid the groundwork for it. And he's in a different state and a totally different level entrepreneur, but he has been one for a while. He said, Well, I feel like somebody should have like, you know, stopped me. And I was like, No, I go eat is no one's right or business to have stopped, you know, like, you were in He's like, Oh, I guess that's true. I was adamant about this. I go, yeah, yeah, you were. So I'm like, instead of like, that's just him. That's a situation. But I told him, I was like, let me know I can support you. You have people who want this offer now. What are you going to do to get them in the door? You know, and so like, he's like, going through these waves. He's like, and then he messaged me, he's like, I'm going to contact you when I need to talk about my branding. And I was like, I'm about to be like, do not contact me to talk about rebranding. I am not doing another brand. Like I believe that's what I'm going to tell him I'm not doing something else. I'm like, you are selling this that is all we're going to do here you know, I think I don't know if he got it. I was like, you just tell me how I can help you. Not like you know, let's let's go and sell let's find something else. So what I mean for you, your situation is your situation is a little bit different because it Least for your offer that you just told me, it's more of a funnel, he's is more of like, equal equal, and now he's merging them which works to and actually works really well. Anyway, so back to you is the front end of what you're doing can absolutely work 100% can work and that avatar might be more accessible. But be warned, when you start, if you spend too much time, getting obsessed with the offer and the positioning, I promise you life is going to be like, Well, here's the person who wants the core. And you'll be like, is this a sick joke, like is somebody like standing there with cameras, like I was waiting for this core offer clients to come through. And I've been focusing now on the front end, and now more people are just inboxing. me. So it's just a weird way the universe works. So let's, let's, let's set some goals in a fashion that is acceptable to you with what you have going on with your current plate, but also is going to get us to your end goal. So in order to do that, we have to work backward from what the goal is, and we're going to like reverse engineer it. And it's all going to be data driven. And you can just like check it off the list of the data tracker, we're making these steps. Once we do that, over that period of time, you'll start to get results. And when you start to get results, you will like organic a lot better. Nobody likes going to the gym when they don't lose weight, or they don't look more sculpted, or they don't feel more energized. And it's it's 100% the same thing. Organic is like going to the gym and trying to build a 12 pack. That's really fun. If your 12 pack comes quickly. It's not fun when you are like maybe 20 pounds overweight, but you're not losing any weight, you know. And that's kind of where it's at. So I think right now, you kind of shifted away from organic because you're like, well, this just isn't working for me, this is annoying, I have too much stuff to do that I already tried doing that, you know, you're you're already kind of in that rhythm and you had, you've plenty to keep you busy. You've plenty of other things that are like on fire that need your attention. But in order to get the company to the cash flow, I mean, profit first profits got to come first. We got to get to, because that will reduce your anxiety in some of the overthinking and all of that. And, uh, you have a lot on your shoulders. You have staff that stressful it's Christmas, like. So that's what we're going to do. So um, okay, let's do this. It is December 3, what would be your goal for revenue for December?

Speaker 2  18:15
Ideally, 2020. But there's the thing inside of my head that says I don't know if that's realistic pieces together for that.

Speaker 1  18:27
I think for I think for somebody else, it might not be realistic. But for you who have been in this space for a while and have had the experience and have the team in the structure? Yes, I do think it's possible. I do absolutely think it's possible. I think the when you're the type of person who's working on people who has 200 k clients, yes, 20 k could be in the way I look at 20 K is it could be a front end offer sold at five k four times. It could also be one of your core offers sold at 20.

Speaker 2  19:04
Yeah, and but then when it comes to the core offers, like that's one of the challenges too because the core offer is so labor intensive that honestly having some coaching in the mix would be awesome. Because just from a profitability standpoint.

Speaker 1  19:25
I you are you saying that having the front end kind of in between as coaching to them would allow your staff to be more freed up to to catch up on the technical?

Speaker 2  19:37
It would it would free up a lot of things honestly. So if I had if I could do a front end five k offer whatever it is, I don't know what so for four months and take up whatever time it takes for me to something I can easily fulfill whether it's an individual coaching, group coaching, whatever. Like a one of the things that I've thought of is like a You know, just a five day five week coaching program. But again, with that I'm not exactly sure like, what's the what's the end result that wrap it around? Or do I just let that organically emerge from the people that I talked to? cetera, et cetera. I think probably for the time being, it could very easily be that. And then I'm blocking out an hour hour of my day on that still becomes challenging. In some ways, it's challenging to fit it in. But on the other side, it'll, it'll get, we'll get a lot of momentum from that. So I'm just rambling kind of,

Speaker 1  20:41
you're just you're grabbing straws, you're trying to figure out how to make this work. So 20 K, and we have that four times five K Coaching offer of some sort. It organically emerged the results. We're going to talk about that in a second here. How much is the core offer? I know that it's a range based on exactly what they need? Are we still kind of at like, it's, it needs to be 30 to 35, or even makes any sense?

Speaker 2  21:09
Most times, so the core offer actually starts with a separate front end offer. But then the full offer is, is usually it's never less than 10. If we can help it rarely less than 20. If we can help it, it's probably 30 to 50.

Unknown Speaker  21:31
Okay,

Speaker 1  21:33
all right. But that, but that when we're talking about the five k front end, and then the 30 to 50, that that 30 to 50 gets paid split paid over the months in which you deliver, right.

Unknown Speaker  21:46
We've been doing it to pay have to start half half on completion.

Unknown Speaker  21:51
Okay. Oh, that's Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  21:57
And how long does it take to complete? Like a range? Like how we have 30 to 50? k?

Unknown Speaker  22:04
Dude, it's two to three months. At this point. Okay.

Speaker 1  22:21
Um, do you have an idea of how many SMS calls you've had? Like, since you've been in this this world of CKD? No.

Speaker 2  22:32
has taken, taken most of them honestly. Like, it's only really, there's only been one, one SMS call that I've actually taken in this whole time.

Unknown Speaker  22:44
Okay, let me since

Speaker 2  22:47
I've had, I've initiated a few conversations. One of the guys honestly, who's going to be a triage call, he was really chatty. Like, sorry, dude, I honestly just do not have time to chat. We can struggle up I don't know that he's actually like, here's the other thing where he needs help with his on the hiring side of things. But so that's a lack of confidence, I guess, in knowing first of all that on his, on his buying power, which I guess I haven't even tried. I don't know. I've actually held up, I could very easily turn them into and I could easily get an SMS with him. Okay, just to feel him out. But some, I guess, some hesitancy I'm not sure why.

Speaker 1  23:45
I think you're crossing some of this stuff that's uncomfortable for you. But crossing this stuff is like the river so we can get on the other side to the promised land. And organic, the organic, the SS, like getting people in the from messenger on to SMS. Those are some of those crossing the rivers for you that you don't really love. But I really believe by the time you're on the call that you're going to be alright. Yeah, you know your technical shit like you know it, you know, the show, know the problem that the person has. You don't have to be as the business owner. You don't have to have as suave skills as Ian does. who's tried to sell on your behalf? I know this 100% true. I have. I have a specialist and she's like, constantly, people won't get on messenger with her. They won't respond to her. I'm like three days later, and I'm like, hey, first, I'm like, I'd ask you a couple questions. Your business. Okay, cool. What's your revenue? What's this? She's like, people start responding to me after that. I'm like, Okay, cool. If they if they don't respond to that I'm not responding. Um, but it's different. So you're the owner. It is your company. So when you get them on the call, trust that the problem that they have you do know how to solve. Yeah. And if you don't, you'll be like, Hey, I don't really know how to I don't know how to solve that, or whatever. You know how to solve that problem. It. So sales, sales is just a conversation. It's not an SS. And actually Lately, I've been booking people without calling it an SS. So that there is an SS hype built up for certain people. I'm just like, Hey, you want to hop on the phone? Hey, you want to hop on the zoom? I just want to see their face because it teaches you more. But trust me, when you get into your zone of genius, you know what you're doing? You'd I don't even use the script. Don't worry about the stupid script. Get on the phone be like so where are you struggling in your business right now? Okay, cool. Where do you think that you needed help? Cool. Where are you right now with monthly revenue? Okay, where would you like to be? Okay? How many people is that taking you do you know, like, ask them what their pain points are. They will talk 80% of the time, you will talk 20% of the times and you will take notes. Those SS calls will garner you what you're trying to get from the finding the random people and having this like 15 to 20 minute like, tell me what your problems are called. That's what the SS is do except one people will actually get on the SS with you as compared to what you're talking about, which I think if it happens, great, I'm wrong. But I'm like a little bit shaky about that. Like yielding, yielding what you wanted to people on SS calls tell you what they really need. Because it's private. And they're voicing to your problems and what they are. And sometimes the problem they tell you your that's happening is not the real problem. Right? You have to like look at it look at our conversation as like an example we you know, we started talking, we haven't talked a little bit, we're saying what's up? You're like, Okay, cool. I'm gonna just I'm gonna tell her about my new front this new offer I have. But what I didn't know yet is like, where are we at with the original offer? Where are we at with the sales? What is the constraint you're feeling? You're like, Oh, god, I'm being split too thin in multiple directions. But I also need that stuff to come in through the door. And I'm getting tired and worn out and overwhelmed by it all, and I need everyone to go away. You know, and I just can't do one more thing. Even if I sold for five K Coaching girls, I'm not even sure if I have an hour for that. And then you were like, then you backed up. You're like, oh, okay, I do have an hour for that. Wait, is it Wait a second. I was like, yep, that's it. That's it cool. We're getting we're getting there, right. So there's a problem underneath the problem. And so that's what the SS call is, is just going to be that and I think you will get clarity about what the offer should be. And you will find ways to help people because your package is so robust of what you offer, and so many different things that you will find it on that call and you can offer it to them. Yeah, whatever it is you come up with make it five gig. That's it. I would tell you 4800 is my preferred number $5,000 sounds like $5,000. So I would edit that. Make it free 800. You don't want to like people feel that?

Unknown Speaker  28:20
300 for 4.8 weeks.

Speaker 1  28:23
Okay. There we go. There's Matthias no 4800 for four weeks. That's it that that is a reasonable offer for whatever you do.

Speaker 2  28:37
And one that one hour of, of coaching around that problem that they're facing. Yep. And so when I if I want to add value, or if I want to go above and beyond it can be there can be homework and worksheets that I pulled together that start going into my arsenal? Or is it just straight up that

Speaker 1  29:02
I think you should at least have one worksheet that you you do or ones that have homework. But the thing is, once you figure out what the thing is, and what's going on with them, you will come up with right there on the fly. Here's what you're having a problem with, like remember that you're not a ck avatar offer coach, you don't have to worry about that. This is your industry that you actually know. And I have seen you get over the stuff that you actually know, you can still build it and you ran a team and you know, there's a lot you have a lot of breadth of knowledge here and that you're in shows,

Speaker 2  29:41
and I'm under estimating that breadth of knowledge. Obviously,

Speaker 1  29:46
you are because you're just like you just you're like a knight who went out to fight and you're like you're your armors a little bit beat up. That's it. Everyone feel like I told you the person who had their record month and didn't Anything was balling the entire call. I had to like, we're on the call for another hour, picking them, getting them back out the trenches. And you know, the next week they sold 30 k? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I had to Wilbur Ross a little bit. Because I was like after she was done, it was a loving little bass. But it was like, it's like this. This is my version of well, bass is not that far. I was just laughing a little bit like, Who do you think you are? And we were actually working on a worksheet. I was like, What do you think you are dude, like, this is who you are. This worksheet says who you are as like, why are you so you're telling me I'm not this. I'm not that. But it is natural to be in that state. And so those SS calls, even though you don't offer them anything. And this is where the power comes in. You don't have to offer people anything on a call. Sometimes people have asked me, so like, what is it from here? And I'm like, Well, I think we're at in your level of urgency. I was like, I think you can I think you're doing good. And if something changes, and you need to help with this area, this is an area where I think that you might end up growing into, if that ends up, you know where to find me hit me up, or I'll say, okay, where you're at where your base. And sometimes they just spit out their finances at me and be like, I really don't have more than $1,000 on my credit card. And then I'm like, timeout, if you don't have $1,000 on your credit card, I go, what is going to happen if you have a bad month, I'm like, this is like now food on your table survival. Like a we cannot say so then I go into coaching mode. I give them a little bit of coaching and give them something to like something that's resourceful. And I kind of send them on their way with goodwill. And I think you'll find your coaching chops within that. I think you'll find your confidence that your confidence is there, it's inside. And we need to get you back onto the battlefield and say it's just another fight. Time to get back out there. You know, or if you want to use basketball as the analogy since I love that last dance docu series, it's like Michael Jordan did Michael Jordan did not take when every shot did not get every shot. He did not win every game. They didn't even win every championship, right? But we got to keep going. You have the goods? Okay. You can sell the front end. Absolutely. For 40 $800. There is somebody there is 2.6 billion people and somebody wants to be in your shoes. Somebody, that guy out there that's like, Well, God, I don't know if I'm really good at this but amazing attack. And how am I ever supposed to get a team? I don't know. I don't know how to talk to clients. Who does know how to talk to clients look is who's had a lot of clients over many years. Who's built relationships with them. You do know how to do these things?

Speaker 2  32:48
Yeah, yeah. Yep. And even and so. Yes, yes. And yes. Yeah. I don't really have that much to add.

Speaker 1  33:01
It's just, it's just gonna sink in a little bit on this call. So okay, so that's what we want to do. We know we've got that goal of 20 K. So here's what I would say. And obviously Ian is going to help you out with some stuff and he's going to do his thing. But I want you to aim for, I would say one SSP. How does that feel to you? Okay, so let's do that. Now, here's the deal. I will accept a triage as like meeting that requirement. I will accept if they don't fill out your application. I've actually I've been skipping the application thing like a ton lately. I just get their email and put them onto my account.

Speaker 2  33:42
But the good news is, this demographic is like, besides the fact that Well, okay, the good news is I can target the East Coast so that they can work late and still talk to me and I don't have to work late. They're super chatty, super relational. They're not gonna fill up forms anyway. And if they have the time, and we get started talking, they're gonna want to stay past the triage call anyway. So there are a lot of things in my favorite with this. Yes, I

Unknown Speaker  34:14
think

Speaker 2  34:18
all right. I mean, here's the other thing that happened. This is probably probably still undervaluing what I'm doing but it's a start. I had a friend of mine who was he he basically said, Hey, I need help organizing my life. How do you organize your life? I'm like, Well, I'm not naturally organized. But I have a system that works for me. And, and started talking through and I was like, this is one of the big software project, things that he was talking about. I mean, this is the same client and and so we're prospect. I first told him, Look, I don't Don't do one on one consulting. I don't really have time for that. And because that was exactly where I was at, let it sit for a while. And then yesterday I texted and we met this morning for breakfast yesterday texted him and I said, hey, how does this sound? So like we had just, you know, handful bullet points is what we're gonna address. And we'll meet for two hours to start with. Well, we can do text and boxer check ins between them in about, you know, three or four weeks, we'll check in again, answer any questions you've got, as it sound once you're actually in the rhythm with this, like, cool, sounds good. And this morning. The interesting thing, perception was huge in that being able to check in between times, because he said, I asked him, like, how does 1500 sound to you? Which, again, in this kind of space, it's like a text in this kind of space. It's local, but he was like, Well, if it would be just a half a day, that would seem like a lot. But I could see this, you know, being worth a lot more than this, you know, with with it. I don't know. It was this perception on how it was structured. Honestly, yeah. Yeah. And partially because it gets him time to process in what it's thinking and all that. So didn't forget it was this morning, which you saw, and have a number of people raising their hands on wanting similar pieces.

Speaker 1  36:44
is gone. Yeah, I didn't see this. I was like, this is a damn good post. I was like, is he doing this? Because we're on our call today?

Unknown Speaker  37:14
No, he doesn't do the call, believe it or not. Okay. I

Speaker 1  37:16
was like, Okay, I totally do stuff like that before. I'm on a coaching call. And I'm like, Oh, I haven't done anything this arena at all. I'm in trouble with somebody right now. They're like, Can we hop back on another call? And I'm like, No, I don't want to I don't want to do all the stuff. You're asking me to do? so much stuff. I'm building a webinar to pain in the butt.

Unknown Speaker  37:37
Oh, that was fun.

Speaker 1  37:39
I know. I was like, I thought this was done for you. Like why are you asking me roll is grab like hiding from her. Yeah, that was so cute. That was so much is

Unknown Speaker  38:00
so good.

Unknown Speaker  38:12
All right. Is this your family member?

Unknown Speaker  38:14
Yeah, it's my brother. Who's this? Cousin, but that might actually hang on. Hover over that. Self Employed spray foam. I thought he was in all this the wrong john Miller. Oh, my. That's not my cousin.

Speaker 2  38:34
That's a that's somebody to talk to. Craig Miller, also a cousin. Sorry, of that. Because he looked over that.

Speaker 1  38:46
You you've your SS Ray. Okay. Who's Greg Miller.

Unknown Speaker  38:51
Greg Miller cousin. has a business.

Unknown Speaker  38:54
Is he interested though? For you?

Unknown Speaker  38:56
Yeah, he's interested for real. Oh,

Speaker 1  38:58
oh, sell to your cousin I just sold to my husband on a flight back from Lee. We didn't SS on the flight. Nice. Yeah. And then I sent him an invoice and he didn't pay it immediately. And I literally ate dinner. I was like, why are we Why would you pay this invoice you're already on my calendar. He's like, cuz I don't have my credit card. It's at work the business credit cards at work. And I was like, looking at him. I'm like, I'm really trying to hit this 50 k revenue goal. And I don't know he was just like, I will get you paid. Like why are you worried? I was like, nobody else pays me this late. There's so funny. Okay, so cousin. Until I'm getting in your business here. That's awesome. Yeah, Who the hell is I want to be friends with all the Millers. I feel like I just want to be enough. There's like 50 of you guys. Okay, so cousin. Yes. Get him on the phone. Who is Jason me.

Unknown Speaker  39:58
He is a an entrepreneur. that I have. Yeah.

Speaker 1  40:02
Get him on the phone. Yep. JOHN Miller, get him on the phone. He might need your core offer. And this is your brother? Yep. Is he interested?

Unknown Speaker  40:13
Yeah, he's definitely Yeah. He's interested.

Speaker 1  40:16
He's your brother, the one you've been doing business? Was this interesting.

Speaker 2  40:19
There's another brother. Oh, this is the brother none. Not in software, there's a brother in construction.

Unknown Speaker  40:26
Oh my gosh.

Speaker 1  40:30
That was smart. Okay, friends. So, friend, your opportunity basket is literally right there waiting for you. Okay. Let's talk about what the offer is going to be. So you feel better.

Speaker 2  40:52
Alright, here's my thought on the offer my phone on the offer is I know where some of these guys are at? Well, I've had experiences with some of these guys. Some of the startup guys are hesitant to spend much money at all. But they also owe me one. Because I have helped them a lot. And, again, not because that's why I do it, but they do. So my thought was, like, out of out of what I propose to this other guy is that first two hour session, we give them a Colby index. And we we go, we go over it very briefly, but not personally. And then I do a training session on all this stuff. of like the, like three different ways that you can set this set up this this system for yourself. And I'll get them the other piece of training beforehand. And we can do q&a with a whole group. That two hour block is 250. And, and the offer then becomes an offer into like, if you want to personalize this, if you want more help working, working this out for yourself, then let's get on the phone and talk.

Speaker 1  42:16
I think your short selling yourself from the opportunity that's there.

Unknown Speaker  42:21
Okay, yeah.

Speaker 1  42:22
$250? What the hell is that gonna do for you? What? What's that gonna do for 20? k, like 250 times?

Speaker 1  42:35
I really don't even know what that is. You're gonna have 50 $100 by the time you're done here, and we're gonna put it into your 20 k plugin? No, no, there are people on that list. I know my Miller's, there are people on that list that can afford more than $250 for the system that you're providing. So let's start with, let's start with what it could be, instead of I'm going to make it two hours. Because if you make it two hours, the most you can charge is like, dude, I have a virtual summit coming up. And I tried to charge $500 for two hours. And people were like, looking at me like they're crazy. And I'm like, I charge $500 per hour, like and but but that's not the avatar. The people are my avatars like you already pay to be like, I want your time, I need you to tell me what to do. And I want a one on one. Those people are like, somebody was like, I have to move stuff around on the credit card. And I was like, Who am? Like, stressful? Not.

Speaker 2  43:48
So here's, here's another thought, okay, who offers? What's the 250? ones the full? Or I don't know what it is. It's something kind of like that.

Unknown Speaker  43:57
You see? What was the first number that came to mind?

Speaker 2  44:03
The Well, alright, so I don't know what the two offers are. But the first offer is like this, this 250 gets you on, and they become like, like, they're the training video that I get to send out to these people beforehand. Before we get started. Let's do this. Go watch this, listen to this. And then for the rest of the people, it's like, I'll get you all the training, training packages, training modules, and then we're gonna go on a guess what, for weeks. One, one, going through your personal like your personal Colby index. And if you want to do it on your team, we'll run it on your team and look at how you relate with your team and we're going to solve some of those issues for you there. And we're going to work on specifically implementing this for you in your business. And very organically if there's more, you know, whatever. What You need to have addressed, we're going to address it. And that gets uncovered in the SS. So the SS is a, like, where you where you want to be? What what are you driving for? What's the pain? revenues, all this kind of stuff. And based off of that making a recommendation either for that 250 go be on the screen with me. So don't have to teach this stuff to nobody. Or the full coaching program.

Speaker 1  45:29
Okay, I like that with the one that's 250. Would they get a training video plus one two hour group session? No, just a video?

Unknown Speaker  45:39
No, they would.

Speaker 2  45:41
They would be on a two hour session. I guess anybody we can have anybody on that session?

Speaker 1  45:46
Yeah, I would have these other people just fill the slots on the other session, if you need it. Right. But it would be a singular two hours in.

Unknown Speaker  45:56
It would be a singular to our resume. Okay. Maybe with q&a?

Unknown Speaker  46:04
Yeah, you need to have?

Speaker 2  46:06
Absolutely. But anyway, however, however, that I guess it makes sense to include this other people in it as well.

Speaker 1  46:13
It'll be more like. Okay, I guess I can do that. I can do the two hours in with a QA. I think we do that.

Speaker 2  46:23
I think the short answer is it allows. I mean, okay. It doesn't add much. But it's still give us some of those people who are really interested in. Yeah, in the fall in the full package and opportunity to

Speaker 1  46:44
how do we how do we know they're not really interesting? Is this just because you know who they aren't exactly kind of where they're at?

Unknown Speaker  46:51
Some of them I know where they're at financially.

Unknown Speaker  46:53
Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah.

Speaker 2  46:56
Not that they're not interested. It's that it's financially they couldn't do production? They could

Speaker 1  47:02
do I like that. Yeah, I like it a lot. Because we're talking about two buckets. For this two step, we have the bucket, and this two hour zoom. before weeks, people will be invited to as well. Because you're still giving value to the four weeks people and I would add that in I would have that. Okay, cool. Um, how much are we pricing the four weeks thing to?

Unknown Speaker  47:27
I mean, it sounds like it's 40 100.

Unknown Speaker  47:32
Cool,

Unknown Speaker  47:33
I hard not to enter the bait price resistance on that.

Speaker 1  47:45
Here's what I would do. If you would like, if you would, like I would, I would. When I'm selling when I'm selling a new offer, I always give the first person the lowest price that will ever be. So congratulations, you are going to be the lowest price at this back end offer. Nobody else is getting the other back end I sold has nothing to do with is totally different. Yours is the lowest back end it's ever going to be because you're the first person who bought from me. So that gives you trust that. Okay, cool. I'm paying Lee. So that's an incentive. And then it also gives me a chance to over deliver, and to experiment, and to try things and just to calibrate with you and give you more one on one time. And so what I like doing though, is because I'm selling it out as a lower pipe price, somebody will bite when that person bites, then I'm learning more and more about my avatar, the problems that the unique problems they face where I can add value. And I also feel really good about it that I have a back end. Like you're going to feel really good about the fact that you have a coaching thing. So the very first person if you're open to it, I would sell this actually for like 20 $500 or maybe 30 $300, the very first person.

Speaker 2  49:18
So here's what I should do, because at first first guy said yes to a zoom meeting, the text and boxer and the

Unknown Speaker  49:27
follow up.

Speaker 2  49:29
And I think all you have to do is go back to him and say, by the way, I'm actually turning this into a four week coaching program, or four weeks, you get all the access to me. And it's only 1000 more. Yeah, and bam. I've got my first one.

Unknown Speaker  49:46
That's who gets the 20 501st person.

Unknown Speaker  49:50
And then can we just back it up from there?

Speaker 1  49:56
Yep. 2500 straight to 4800 So I have an offer straight instead of going in between, yeah, history. So I have an offer right now I knew you'd want some, like backup evidence on providing it. My first offer for profile fuel was an unnamed offer that I wasn't planning to do. And some a friend of mine, it was Cedric Cedric a dog, he inbox me and we'd become friends. He knew what I did. He's like, yo, we're gonna hire you in some period of time, whatever else it would be cool. And we're just, we just connected and then he inbox me and he's like, hey, Beagle, I have a really tough time with organic. I don't like Facebook, but I need to help frame in our business actually play a role in this. Will you help me prime my facebook profile? I don't understand organic. I kind of don't think I like it. And I haven't been on Facebook for years. And so we had a completely blank profile. And I was like, and I thought about it. And I was like, yeah, I'll do it for you. So I charged him 2500. Because I wanted to see, what is it? Do I like it? Will he like it, you know, so it's me two weeks, we get on the first call. And then I realized, it's not Facebook profile priming, that's a problem. It is another problem underneath the problem that was sold to me. So it's actually having some anxiety about like wanting to show up on social media and feeling like it's all fake, and not understanding how all these systems work and having a bad taste in his mouth from a previous experience, and be wanting to be on social media. Completely different problem. So we spent dealing with that. And then the next two weeks are like the stuff we talked about, and he's posting organic now and it's going back, he's getting good engagement. Also, he didn't want to add friends, like it was like a whole thing. So again, I was like, Oh, that's interesting. I thought you just wanted me to prime your profile, in which case it would have taken two weeks, but that's not what I was dealing with. So when I said I didn't charge him any more I go, listen, I'm gonna need at least one or two calls with you. Is that more additional to get you to where, where I feel it really primed your profile and that you've gotten benefit. Are you cool with that? Yeah, of course. Absolutely. I'm cool with that. Okay. So he got four weeks at 20 $500. Next person I sold it to I changed it to 16 $100. The next person I made it, and then people are just buying anything left and right. But after I saw what I did with Cedric, it also gave me counter confidence back then I'm like, yeah, I'm I'm good at this. Like, shoot, I didn't even realize how good I am. You know,

Speaker 2  52:30
like, so even that would be like for any any trial. Like, I've got people. Okay, here's the ironic thing. What do you slay your dragons is where you get your victory, I guess. But like, I did a. Sorry, how much time do we have here?

Unknown Speaker  52:51
I have about another 15 minutes.

Speaker 2  52:53
Okay. Um, like I did a one of these contractor groups. I was like, Hey, guys, I got a friend of mine. Because honestly, at that point, this was my frame of mind. Maybe I can partner with a friend of mine who teaches organic, and like, Hey, I have a friend of mine who's been using this generate leads for roofing company, and she works for them. And, you know, I I'd be open to asking her to do a free training if y'all are interested. And like, yeah, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, and got like 10 people and then like, three people showed up on the training and two people I'm having conversations with and, and then I have this other idea for organic, which is basically like one of the one of these groups Central Florida contractors, like,

Unknown Speaker  53:29
by the way, guys,

Speaker 2  53:30
I think this is a crazy idea. Or maybe a crazy idea. I'm thinking about doing a virtual meetup where it's not just networking, but we actually get together and help each other solve problems and all this other kinds of stuff and mee mee mee mee mee like, and half of these guys are like, broken us, workers comp insurance salespeople. But there's also a few people who are like, Oh, I can't meet them. Oh, why? Oh, I have a real business. Oh, really? Well, what's going on? Oh, interesting. So, um, so. So it's ironic that we're having this conversation about organic and how I suck at organic, and hey, it's not working well, and also the kinds of stuff and thinking of coaching other people to do it, which, you know, anyway. Where am I going with that? That is a long rabbit trail.

Speaker 1  54:19
But you're, you're thinking about how many opportunities exist to sell this on a trial.

Speaker 2  54:26
And all of a sudden, so now my confidence is, is up. I'm like, here's this other guy who's like, I tried to hire somebody who didn't work out. I'm like, and then through a series of other conversations, I'm like, Oh, this is stupid. I'm Colby certified. I've hired people. I've worked with people. Like I know some things. This dude isn't thinking about. He doesn't even have a blueprint for who he wants and what they want to do and like. So now suddenly that to know that 1400 is a price point. 2500 is the first is that is the validation price. Suddenly, I can I can go back to these people with confidence and be like, hey, look, here's what we need to do. Like, yeah, yeah. Anyway, so I can sell to other offers coach similar coaching offers at 20 $500 to validate them. And from there, we're hopefully off to the races.

Speaker 1  55:13
Yeah. And, and the other opportunity. I just love how sparked your how much energy you have and like, the opportunities you're seeing that. And I hope, I hope when you said I snuck in regretting that you didn't think I said that about, you

Speaker 2  55:27
know, it's like, and I don't actually think that I suck at it. It's just like, I don't know what it is. I get a lot of good feedback from it. People like I love what you post and like, even people like, well, I don't know if you've ever said this, that it's Sorry, I've had other people who are great at organic for like, yeah, I think your organic is actually pretty solid. You just need to, you know, try a few different angles and like, good stuff, but and people who don't engage who are like, yeah, I keep seeing your content, like, just click the button.

Speaker 1  55:56
There's a lot of people who don't do that. They're like ghosts, like stalkers? Yeah, it's weird.

Speaker 2  56:02
Sometimes kind of scared of, like, sometimes there's this fear of raising their hands of getting pounced on or I don't even know what. Um, so where was I going with that?

Unknown Speaker  56:15
You were talking about we're talking about?

Speaker 2  56:18
You said, I hope it wasn't you. And I was like, Well, actually, you know, again, underestimate. It's okay. Is what Taylor talks about. Where are you at in your finances, he's like, Oh, I'm like a three. Which is going to continue happening happening as long as I have people who are challenging me to uplevel and I have people who are better than me that I aspire to. So it is part of that. I'm an expert. But I don't consider myself an expert, because I see how far I have to go. And yet, these people are absolutely clueless. They have zero branding. They're not doing any organic. They're not engaging with anything. And they like they're, they're like at the zero. So anyway, I'm not sure what the point of that was, besides just to get it out. You just

Speaker 1  56:57
got us sometimes. Sometimes you need space to say it out loud because it hits your brain differently. Nothing You said that was a long rant. Like, I guess that's how I talk. I don't you like that. I think you're just I think you're getting your thought out. So, um, the one piece I was going to add in terms of all these, like fireworks are going off right now is this exact two step that you wrote, that's gorgeously written and beautiful. And I really did heartache because I meant it. And I liked it. Look at her earrings on today to really order today. I was like, Damn, that's well written. And so you can also use that to step in these other groups that you've been in. So instead of overwhelm of amo create three offers, I'm gonna have my offers go live word is a lot of value in just having like the front end and we focus it on this organizational system piece. Go. Let's start there. That's already so you already sold it to a guy in a coffee shop who's like, Please spend time with me and you're like, I do not have time.

Unknown Speaker  58:01
I don't want to do business with you.

Unknown Speaker  58:02
I don't even trying to.

Speaker 1  58:04
I told the leader. I was like, dude, you totally got the most ridiculous deal and he's like, I will repay you. Like Don't worry. I was like, oh, because I'm here I am. I'm like 2500 bucks for four weeks. I gave you deliverables. I was like, I was like crying. I was like this is too much time. But he's just he's a lovely person. So it made it really easy, but dude beat because Cedric inbox me I've sold that thing. Like, I can't I actually don't know how many times I've sold it. That's how many times I sold it. I just sold it an hour ago. That's what I was like, Can I be 10 minutes late because I'm getting the guy's credit card. I was like Matthias will understand like, you will know that

Speaker 2  58:42
like tight. Oh, and he is just I charge a late fee for any a small late percentage fee for any SS as you're on over my overlaps our time together.

Unknown Speaker  58:56
You're in the offer creation mode. You're like,

Unknown Speaker  58:58
configuration mode,

Unknown Speaker  58:59
you're like, Oh, cool. I'm just gonna need 10% off of that.

Speaker 2  59:05
My new business strategy is scheduling coaching calls with people getting somebody else to schedule an SMS, who's about to buy and so

Speaker 1  59:13
you know, we did double dip and then they give you a specialist referral.

Unknown Speaker  59:17
Exactly, exactly. That's your

Speaker 1  59:20
charge you my $500 rate for being 20 minutes over. And then it all just like meshes into nothingness.

Speaker 2  59:28
You know, there's some I mean, this is I don't mean this pejoratively, but how sometimes homeless people work like twice as hard to make half the money anyway, like, there you go.

Speaker 1  59:38
not usually working but there are a lot of mindset people like people have raised their hand and they need this. So use that to posts like you know, in a few days, like on a Monday or Tuesday, Monday is a great day for this team. To set because it nights people at the heart of like, Oh, I don't know how to organize my time. I'm so tired. My family hates me. He does a great job on a Monday. So use this post again in one of your one of your groups. But you've got people right there and go to the coffee shop person first. So when can we talk to coffee shop guy?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:12
Oh, text him. I'll just text him and tell him Hey, look. Here's what I want to do one zoom call for additional weeks of one hour meetings and check ins and yeah, all this stuff. And we can dig deep into that.

Speaker 1  1:00:28
Yes. And, and make sure, make sure you give him a little love and say, I you know what, you really got me thinking and racking my brain. And I'm like, so inspired by the questions. You've been asking, I want to build this out to a program, I realized more people need help. So thank you for coming up with this amazing idea. And I want to make sure I serve you. So do a little do a little bit of the rubbing,

Speaker 2  1:00:52
or it could even be I checked around. And there's a lot more interest for this than what I thought. No,

Speaker 1  1:00:59
that's about you. That's not about about me, not about him. Yeah. hired you for this idea. Yeah. Yeah. This is a sales relation. Because customer relations. This isn't like, like, telling you're like, hey, guess what, man, buy this or die. Like that's not what we're doing. Be like, dude, thanks, man. I've been thinking about this. And I want to expand this program and make it even better. But since you're, since you were the one who approached me with this amazing idea, I want to be the one to offer to you. First, I'm only going to sell this one time at 2500. And so that'll just be an extra 1000. And I want to offer that to you first, and you have the first chance for it. And then after that I'm loving the price. And I do a lot of gratitude there. I think this guy is going to show up and be like raising his hand all the time and make you feel good. And then you can now sell to this other people who are on the to set. Okay, the people on the two step are we committed to responding to them? Like by today? Okay, get them all in DMZ and start. Okay. All right.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:12
close with him.

Speaker 1  1:02:13
Yeah, okay, cool. Let me know every time you set up a call via dm you can just be like call to set up call three set up. Miller for set up. second cousins grandma's sister set up. Also a Miller. I'll be like, that's cool. No, we get you.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:34
Exactly.

Speaker 1  1:02:36
Whoever's by network. I'm just gonna dag on your arm. I'm catching up with you. Let's because it's neat to have a lot more to touch base on so this sounds great. Let me know all the wins in between. Cool,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:52
well do we should I right?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai