Unknown Speaker  00:03
What's up?

Unknown Speaker  00:04
What's up? What's going on?

Speaker 1  00:06
Oh, nothing. I was waiting in a different zoom. Like. I was like I said that he's in the meeting. I click it. I was like, No, I'm not

Speaker 2  00:17
going. Oh, good. Good. Get some get some wins going this week. So that's positive.

Unknown Speaker  00:23
What a what

Unknown Speaker  00:24
are the wins?

Unknown Speaker  00:25
I know one of them

Unknown Speaker  00:29
to step going crazy.

Speaker 1  00:30
You like to step is like just blow it up?

Speaker 2  00:36
Yep. So that's that. And then also I did I haven't had time to actually follow through and like, anyway, let's go with the when the when is I had cold outreach on LinkedIn, and people raising their hands.

Unknown Speaker  00:53
Really.

Speaker 2  00:54
So like, I didn't count me but this is 20 to 30 messages and of those three people raise their hands are like 30 more.

Unknown Speaker  01:02
So how'd you find these people?

Unknown Speaker  01:06
Sales Navigator searches?

Unknown Speaker  01:08
Okay. Okay.

Speaker 2  01:10
So the big thing is pursuing manufacturing as an avenue for what we do. Because there are people who have pain like this, and they spend money for this. The probably the one challenge is that most of these guys don't think of themselves as well. on the small side, like typically about where we come in, is probably about when they start thinking about, Oh, wait, we're manufacturers. So they don't always necessarily raise their hands and think of themselves like this. So yeah.

Unknown Speaker  01:54
What do they think of themselves as

Unknown Speaker  02:01
craftsmen?

Unknown Speaker  02:06
construction?

Speaker 2  02:10
Well, some of these guys kind of if it's in that space, but I think I was talking to a guy who, who spent some time in manufacturing, I don't think it's necessarily necessarily limited to, to that segment of manufacturers who think of themselves like that. So I could be wrong. It's been my observation. It's been my observation with for sure with those people, they probably think of themselves as what they think of themselves as construction supply companies, or

Unknown Speaker  02:50
Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker 1  03:01
That's awesome, though. That is really that's very positive and super encouraging.

Unknown Speaker  03:05
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  03:07
Feels like a long time coming. Yeah,

Speaker 1  03:11
yeah. You're like, it's growing. That's exciting. I thought, well, I saw your two step because I was the first one to comment on it. I was like, Alright, cool. Let's get this thing going. And then I looked at it again, because I got notifications because I commented on your two step, and I looked, I just like scrolling. I was like, oh, man, this is awesome. And I didn't see a ton of people named Miller.

Speaker 2  03:35
I had the one of the Millers from the last post reached out to me, because he, he's been, you know, he mentioned something about a software project. And he was like, I want to see that. So yeah.

Speaker 1  03:49
But you know, you do know what the two step process that you get to ask if you question before you get the goods.

Speaker 2  03:55
Yeah. The questions I was going to be asking were along the lines of Okay, here, let me pull up my little note sheet here. along the lines of I'm curious what caught your interest. Here is what? What caught your interest. Okay.

Speaker 1  04:13
First tell them hey, thank you for commenting on my copywriting post or whatever. Tech copywriting post. Yep. So they remember some people are gonna forget they commented on your stuff, and don't call it

Speaker 2  04:31
right. And some people, I've seen other people asking, asking people if they were still interested in it first. Do you do that or not necessarily.

Speaker 1  04:44
I don't do that. I'm like, pretty brutal with it now. I don't know. I'm just getting fed up with are getting. So on the other end. My two steps now are like, do you want this here's a link like, I'm not saying that that's going well, is that stupid profit algorithm, but he knows that we have like 168 comments, including us, it was exhausting to get to all those people. It was so exhausting. So by the end, it's like 10 o'clock at night. I'm like, yo, what's your revenue? What are you making next month? Do you have problems with sales? in organic? Is your brand off? Yeah. Okay. Do you want to get on a call? I have a program, maybe like, No, I'd be like, Okay, no problem, give me your email, and I'll send you the video. Like, I just lost some tax there. Because it was too, it was too long. So don't do that. Don't do that. It didn't work any better. They were like, and then we got that posted, elite that was like yelling at people for selling. And I'm like, yo, those elite people commented on my two step. So if they want my two step video, you're gonna have to respond to my question, you know? And the answer can be no, right? But I'm like, I don't know what I think I'm just not gonna respond to those people and just let them let them go. But yeah, so I think I've tried it in a bunch of different ways. With my sales specialist, I did notice that when she talked too much, that the person ended up just losing interest. Like, if the person didn't bite within the like, the first couple back and forth, then they weren't gonna bite. And then if you rush too closely into it, sometimes that was like a turn off, because they felt like they were just getting sold. So I'd probably say like, you know, asking about, like three to five questions and creating a little dialogue there. And then just getting straight to it, I think, makes about optimal sense. Because some people just want your asset, they just want to look at it. And then other people are kind of like on the cost of being interested or and then there's a third group of people who commented because the two step, but then really had no idea what you actually did. And then there's opportunity with those people. Because the people who ended up booking with me from that to sip, I had no idea who most of those people were. And some one of them was like, I saw your video when I joined ck, and I was like, I really Okay, cool. Glad you saw a video. Yeah, that's exactly what I'm like, you know. Um, so they may, they might know you from your lives or whatever, but they may not know exactly what you do and how it fits in. And don't forget your productivity offer, either. Yeah. You know, so like, you also have that in your arsenal somewhere, if that ends up making sense if it's not full out software thing. Yeah. Are you planning to get their email?

Unknown Speaker  07:48
That's a great idea. Yeah. What's the best thing? No,

Speaker 1  07:51
that's what I did. That's what I did for profit algorithm. Because if that made people were interested, I was like, Oh, yeah, I'm gonna build my email list off of this. When like, five people comment, I just, I was sending it in messenger. But now with with with a lot of people commented, so you've got a lot of comments on this. So some of these people you could drip. Like content campaigns on?

Unknown Speaker  08:13
Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  08:18
Did that answer you? I don't know if I went to?

Speaker 2  08:21
I think so. I mean, so basically, what I was thinking was kind of, you know, just curious what caught your interest. And some of these, in some of it, I think, maybe kind of pre framing it, because honestly, this article was written for, like, regarding herpes and manufacturers. So there's a little bit of pre framing and be like, Look, that your P term you might think of as a scary term, or maybe that'll be in the email, scary term, what does it mean? It just means all the business software, you need to run a business. And it's targeted towards manufacturers. But we've seen these patterns applying to all kinds of businesses, or the report talks about manufacturers but we've seen is applying these principles applied to all kinds of businesses.

Speaker 1  09:15
Yeah, maybe a shortened version of that could be but when you're messaging them, make sure you're asking them the questions, rather than you giving them the information there. Because you'll probably you'll probably lose people. You can do

Unknown Speaker  09:29
a little email,

Speaker 1  09:33
or like, there'll be a natural, there'll be a natural change in the tone of conversation will go they will ask you about the paper or something related to it, and then you can hear it out. But at the beginning try to keep it focused on you know, I like the what interested you just make sure you let them know that it's from your post to reaching out. Yep. And don't don't wait super long. So you like her. each person's gone. You don't have to do it all at once heard the comment, and then reply to them gonna send you a DM, and then go reply because every time you do that you wait a little bit in between, it's gonna bump that post up into the algorithm and more people will see it, and then more people will comment. So you can do that between today, tomorrow, and Saturday. And like do two to three people at a time. hardik commented gonna send you a DM and then do that. And it'll keep pushing it back up in the algorithm. So you get a few more people, because Facebook will be like, Man, this thing is blowing up. Because sometimes people will respond back and say, All right, cool. After you say I'll dm you.

Speaker 2  10:41
Yep. Okay. There's a little vanity thing of my post, I actually got Chris, Chris Evans to like it. So that's Yeah, that's gonna be metrics.

Speaker 1  10:55
When Chris Evans likes your personal posts, yeah. Yeah, I have like Taylor Welsh, like my son, I think that profit algorithm post or whatever. And I was like, I was just like, I was like, oh, man, I've like made it in the world. Like, is the first thing he's ever liked in mind? Um, how did how did the productivity stuff go? with like, you were gonna go talk to the kid in person? Give him the first offer?

Speaker 2  11:23
So most of that, I don't know. It just there wasn't enough pain there to really

Unknown Speaker  11:29
get it somewhere.

Speaker 2  11:31
Yeah, I think what I'm doing is pretty brilliant and awesome. But if they're not feeling pain, yeah, one of the things that I that came up earlier this week, and I don't even this is kind of embarrassing. I don't even know how to say your name. Dungey, hey, yeah, as I said, um, I had a call with her earlier. And she was just talking about when we were talking about some of these pieces. And it's kind of like, she was like, Well, what are the things that you're good at? I'm like, well, there's kind of too much. Sometimes I feel like I'm a fish trying to figure out what's the water around me. But what things that surface for me as well, that this is personally just the unraveling of what's happened this year, but it's it's partially long term interests. And partially just the deeper unraveling is, is helping people to stop fighting themselves. And actually, just, I was talking to David Nathan, earlier, like, less last week. I'm like, dude, you're so genuine. with who you are. That's, like, embrace it. Like that's, it's very evident when you get on the phone and have conversations with people that you've got their best interest in mind for you, and don't run from it. But seeing some of those traits that people have calling them out, and most people, it seems people, people spend so much time fighting against that. So I don't know that there's necessarily an offer there. Although I think, you know, who knows, it's one of those things to kind of keep in mind. So one of the things she suggested was just making a list of what are the things that you're good at another potential offer that I thought of this is doing reports like this for other people. It could be the copywriting could be more challenging, because because I really feel like I have to know the market well to do that kind of do that. But with, you know, if they're if they're targeting coaches, online entrepreneurs, that that could be a very easy. I mean, it's not like, yeah, that could be a, you know, it could be an angle to go after. So, but the main thing, the other the other significant thing from that is just

Speaker 2  14:14
it's like peeling off more of the layers of I have to have something to sell to somebody versus just my way of gathering information. It's by jumping on calls and talking to people. And it's in the moment that I have ideas and insights and share things with them and whatever.

Unknown Speaker  14:32
Mm hmm.

Speaker 2  14:34
I really think that's part of the key to formulating some of this stuff.

Unknown Speaker  14:41
Are you trying to come up with another offer?

Unknown Speaker  14:56
I'm trying, maybe kind of thinking about it. Do you think you

Speaker 1  15:05
feel like you're having a little bit of shiny object syndrome where we're not staying planted in an area?

Speaker 2  15:13
Okay, so so let me let me tell you some other things that I'm working on, I guess, here are this is like, or this is reality, and part of this is just, I don't know grouchiness. But what I want to do with what I did yesterday on LinkedIn, it worked, I have a script, it works. And so I want to get my assistant to start sending out these messages. Like train her, and that's just a matter of me sitting down and taking an hour, whatever it takes, building out an SLP. And like, you go, girl, run with it. And when you have email credits, then go start doing connection requests with these people. And drive that way and test it. I did that last night for as well with a. So we have this we have a we have a we have a we're doing a case study on some work, we deal with a meat processing company.

Unknown Speaker  16:14
Oh, yeah. And the deer guy.

Speaker 2  16:16
Yeah, the deer guy. And so I've got a list of similar businesses. So just honestly, I think cold calling is the best way to reach these people.

Unknown Speaker  16:29
I mean, a meat processor. I mean, that's pretty niche.

Speaker 2  16:32
It's pretty niche there, they're like, I mean, they get as much of a bull's eye on them as a deer does, like you can find them. So

Unknown Speaker  16:45
I like think you should drop that on the call.

Speaker 2  16:49
The case study actually is gonna have something about, you know, hitting the bull's eye. So but but so I did a trial run with like five people and like, got through, like, what got through to one owner got a gatekeeper on this, or some other person on the second one, which who knows what actually happened. But he was interested, he wanted me to email it over, I've got his email address, I just need to get it wrapped up and sent over to him. So that's the second piece, I feel like what I really want to focus on is using organic for experimentation. And maybe for having conversations initiating conversations. But like some of these pieces, I feel like we're really close to being able to have some kind of repeatable process that puts things into place things into momentum. Yeah. And then I'm not the cog in the wheel. That's, yeah, I'm doing organic, but I'm not a cog in the wheel. Like it's doing all this stuff. Because I don't do well there.

Unknown Speaker  17:59
Where where's the grouchiness though? Or the reality? Like, where was that piece?

Speaker 2  18:08
Oh, I guess what I mean, by that is that, like, sometimes there's this thought that I should just go ahead and suck it up and do it the hard way and be proud of it. Which I don't know why I would do that. But

Speaker 1  18:31
kind of what like, doing all the stuff yourself? Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker 1  18:44
You just have, you have the same thing. your avatar has a lot of pride in, in hard work, but you, you literally automate things, and you think in a way that systematizing so you're kind of stuck in the middle. An old an old version of Matthias wants you to do everything. The new version of Matthias is like, that's stupid, because your time is better spent being the CEO and janitor to do this. Like that was the that was the goal. And she can definitely repeat the process. I used to have my VA repeat a process of like saying hi, hello, but they were in the Philippines and that little loss and culture. I was like, can you please stop telling people I bless them? Like I don't talk like that. Like, they're gonna be like, you. Please Stop saying that. I'm not I'm never telling anybody will bless you. Or something. And they Yeah, it was a big joke. I was like, I don't talk like that. And then they started the like, Yo, dude, like to everyone. I was like, dude, I would not call that person to dude. Like, don't call like, then they made I was like, I'm not like a gangster rapper. Like, sound like, oh, it just is I was like, stop. Just try to keep it simple. Hey, john, exclamation, don't do Yo bro and then it sounded like I was And I'd read back on it and I'd be like, yeah, it was embarrassing. And I was like, Do not talk to anybody who is my current client. Do not done to them. If they sound like they know me do not respond. So okay, so you've got to get, you got to let go some control. And that's the pieces coming back out. You wanna you want to be in control behind the wheel, all of that. Yeah, yeah. But I do think you're having fun with the calls. The calls?

Unknown Speaker  20:38
Yeah, and I'm not sure that I'm having enough of them. By the way, the europei article has a really compelling call to action at the end.

Speaker 1  20:52
That's why I actually do want to see it, I was gonna let you know like, Yes, I know. I'm not your, your customer. But I actually do want to see that as a part of like your organic reach. So I can pull from that and see what else so. So here's what I was thinking for today's call, I'm gonna grab some water is that we actually just get up in your LinkedIn and check out how are you finding these people? What are you searching for? or start looking in Facebook and started actually looking at groups? I feel like we should do something tangible like that, or like, help me look at your groups that you're actually a part of, and let me see who you Where are you? Who are you with? Because I just did that with two of my clients today. And one of my guys is a fitness guy. And he's like, I've never thought to join these other fitness groups. I was like, oh my god. So your avatar is in there. Like not all of those people do what you're doing specifically, they're just into fitness. So it just you know, and then somebody else is a cyber security guy. And he was looking for people. He was looking for his avatar. And I was like, dude, all you're talking to her other cybersecurity people. And then we found a way in LinkedIn for him to find the actual people and he's blowing up on LinkedIn right now. He's literally blowing up so.

Speaker 2  22:10
Alright, so let me let me share my screen. I'll jump in and show you some stuff. Oh,

Speaker 1  22:20
but while you're pulling that up, though, so didn't Weren't we gonna sell the time efficiency thing for like 250 though, for like an hour. Like a one time mastermind kind of thing.

Speaker 2  22:33
I thought it wasn't really worth. Sorry. I thought we decided that wasn't worthy.

Speaker 1  22:37
Oh, okay. I thought we were gonna do it for for this team. I'm

Speaker 2  22:41
fine doing it. I think it's I think it's wicked awesome. Um, but yeah, I don't mind doing it.

Speaker 1  22:57
Yeah, maybe there's maybe we just lost cross wires there. No, I'm cool doing it for 250. If it's just for one hour, and you like send them Maria send him a video and then they get one hour to get with you. And then the guy, the guy who's actually paid 1500 he gets to come in on that call. Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:21
I, I'm encouraging you to do that. Because I'm hoping that that like fun activity will scratch that entrepreneurial itch I feel coming on, which is like, what else am I good at? And like, No, dude, you're good at a lot of stuff. But we have 510 1530 $40,000 software packages and systems to sell. Yeah. So I'd rather just have you scratch that itch and be like, Oh, cool. I did something fun. Like I hosted a virtual summit. I thought that was scratching an itch he did. I saw the numbers that came back. And honestly, I made 13 $100 off of it. And I spent so long on it. The ages sufficiently scratched, and I'm like, I don't want to do that anymore. Cool. Like

Speaker 2  24:14
I've done something very similar to that recently enough. I don't know that I feel strongly, strongly that that's what I'm supposed to be doing. I really feel like getting some of these other marketing systems in place the pieces that are rolling. Like that's really important. The important piece. I think one of the itches that needs to be scratched. is

Speaker 2  24:48
I think we having I think we having some some business coaching clients. I think it would scratch the same itch without the same pain point of Okay, let me make an expellers PowerPoint and let me think through it. thing that I want to say, and let me go ahead and get prepped for it. And then let me like, do all the logistics of how do we get a time that works for most of the people and like, all that stuff is just like, really not that helpful for me. So yeah, um, I have another two step I haven't released

Speaker 1  25:23
yet. Let's take it, let's take a look at it. Cool. I gave you a screen sharing access. So let's get into it. Let's look at the stuff.

Speaker 2  25:31
Alright, so as a side note, I mean, so the other two step idea is I did an interview with Perry Marshall, who promotes himself as one of the highest paid business strategists in the world. And so I thought about releasing that as a two step as well. Like, Hey, guys, interviewed by this dude. Alright, so here's how I'm finding him. So this is good. Yeah. All right. us 11 to 50, headcount director, VP manufacturing titles, basically having folks focusing on those more active. So some of these are just consultants. But like, sorry, Economic Development Commission. I mean, this this might be a guy to VP global manufacturing, maybe, maybe not. But maybe this one, the stands like a here, just pull them up. And then I have a I've got my script elsewhere. But then, here, let me let me go to messages. And I'll just show you the messaging that I've used.

Unknown Speaker  27:13
A whole bunch of these actually replied back and told me they're not interested, which is

Unknown Speaker  27:21
awesome. Did and then the guy drew said I am?

Speaker 2  27:24
Yeah, there are three of these guys that did. So the email is manufacturing efficiency guides. Usually, it's been like, Dear Ryan, operational consultant guys that just finished running three convenient guides about manufacturing efficiency, I'll be happy to send you a free copy for playback. streamlining your efficiency. Your manufacturing business explains the mental model for effectively evaluating output operations as well as the three filters to use to streamline your operations are three delegation deals with the critical qualities of successful process. So simple, achievable steps to start getting immediate results to free up your time and focus, escaping your p&l goes in depth into the process of enterprise software, why fails to meet objectives and what to do to ensure that it delivers on its promises? Again, these guides are all free, all you have to do is reply back with your choices. And I'll send you one or more of your guides in PDF format. Success, and just seeing how I perceive sending these messages or revitalization replies you won't get on board. Okay. So that's, that's been the process so far for finding these guys.

Unknown Speaker  28:29
Okay.

Speaker 1  28:31
I mean, it sounds really promising. I mean, the other thing you could try so you could split test this, is try just offering one of the reports instead of three. When you give people choices, the tendency is confusion. And then they don't respond. Like just focus on the ER PL one because that's the most juicy. Yeah, like the one that makes you like, raise your eyebrows. Just try that with a couple people. Yeah, that way, they just say yes or no. And then when you get them on the call, wouldn't it be fun as an additional thing to say, hey, so I'm glad you like that report. There's actually a few extra, I could send you as well blah, blah, blah. And they're like, oh, wow, this guy like knows a ton of stuff. Or you can send them the second guide before the call. As a Hey, I'd love for you to review this other guide would you be open if I shared it with you. And then you're giving them the pre frame before they get on the call with you so they know who they're talking to? Cool.

Unknown Speaker  29:37
So I'm trying to think with the messaging, the messaging on that then.

Unknown Speaker  29:41
Me same.

Speaker 2  29:43
The same except it's me. I've got two email accounts. It makes some things kind of confusing sometimes. Let me switch over to my other browser.

Unknown Speaker  30:28
This is

Speaker 2  30:31
version one. This one is version two. I'll check back to see which if there was a difference in subject line, but

Unknown Speaker  31:07
reply back with a yes. I'll send you the guide. I don't think you have to read PDF format, do you? That's what I would assume it's in. Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  31:29
Very convenient guide.

Speaker 1  31:48
How about the subject line is manufacturing efficiency. And then after that before a guide, you just put the title of the book, I mean, the guide and then, quote, escaping eirp help. Because that's what caught my interest. I mean, and I actually do know what er P is somebody tried to hire me to do that a while ago, and I looked at them and I was like, does it look like I'm into er p at all?

Speaker 2  32:23
It is the most cold, brutal, heartless, non empathetic space to be in it's been.

Speaker 1  32:30
Yeah, I was like, I don't think you've looked at my profile because I'm nowhere. I'm like, not the right Patel. So okay, so yeah, subject manufacturing efficiency, er, escapee RP hell, and then after that guide.

Unknown Speaker  32:45
Got it. Okay,

Speaker 1  32:47
so now Now you've captured my interest of why should I should even think about right reading what you wrote. Now, try this.

Unknown Speaker  32:58
Okay, I'll try.

Speaker 1  33:01
And what about CEOs of manufacturing places? Like why are we only looking for VPS of manufacturing? And then also the, the all the manager people because then you are going to run into gatekeeping issues.

Unknown Speaker  33:17
Right.

Speaker 1  33:17
Right now your customers are the CEOs who paid you? Who told you the 50 Grand 102 100 grand project that CEO level for a one to $10 million project? I mean, a one to $10 million range? Yeah. I mean, I think a CEO would respond. A CEO is more likely to respond to a shorter email that is clear where they have a benefit. If they're actually because you're all your SEO stuff is perfect. You know, if they if they've been on LinkedIn in less than 30, you know, they're not just a figurehead who's on there. They're actually like on LinkedIn.

Unknown Speaker  34:02
So

Unknown Speaker  34:07
I have another idea. So page eight. Don't make it too long.

Unknown Speaker  34:56
I just don't I just don't know what that sentence means.

Speaker 2  35:01
What is hoping to do is create some kind of intrigue for maybe this is just completely meaningless. Some intrigue in monetary value for like some except that makes it sound lengthy. I don't know,

Speaker 1  35:22
hold on, hold on, hold on No, no, don't give up, go back, go back to the other, go back to the other screen.

Speaker 2  35:28
All right, so, so the I mean, here's the outline. It's lengthy, but it's all centered around the road that's paved with good intentions, and the paving stones that, like these are all the bad decisions, that people go down one step after the other,

Speaker 2  35:53
causing their business processes to fit the software. And they end up in jail.

Speaker 1  36:02
So I actually really liked that sentence to on top as well. But that one's pretty good to go back up. The court No, no coercing your software, that sentence? coerce your business processes to fit this software? I mean, that's that, that you should grab and just put somewhere because that could just be the start of a post in LinkedIn? Are you coercing your business processes to fit the software? Or that's I mean, that's organic posted in a group where there's manufacturing people? Yeah. I asked me, that's pretty spicy. your knife and I'm right there. So that's good. Okay, so keep going. Now.

Speaker 2  36:46
The other big knife here, which this one doesn't address much is cost control. Okay. Because that's like the, like, that's the bane. I mean, there's two things that are kind of the bane of their existence. One is, oh, here comes a manufacturing consultant, let's shut down manufacturing for you know, two weeks that we can fix things. It's like, No, we, if we, if we stopped manufacturing, we're gonna die. Like, we can't do that. So you have to have some kind of real time solution that you can actually roll out. Second of all, the whole point is cost control. And, and they live and die on it. And so yeah, anyway.

Speaker 1  37:23
Okay, so there's, there's so many things we can do here is you can also do a live video on this and make escaping eirp hell on Facebook as a live video, you can drop a note and say, guys, I'm going live at this time to talk about my new guide, my new, how long is this guide?

Speaker 2  37:46
10 bits, seven pages, okay,

Speaker 1  37:49
I'm going to go live to talk about my 11 page guide about escaping er, p hell tomorrow at 11am MST or whatever. And then hit you know, post it, and then tag a few people in the comments, if you think that that makes sense for them to look at it. And then when you go live with that topic, put it in the title. And the same thing in the description. Whatever reason with Facebook Lives, they don't show the title, the people scrolling, they show the description. So just copy and paste the same title escaping europei Hill. And then when you do that, you go live with it as you're making friends, as you're adding these LinkedIn contacts to your Facebook and hit them twice. At the most from anybody who said yes, I'm interested add them as a Facebook friend. When you do that, and you start to make friends and conversations, you can start tagging people in your ear p live video, even if it's one month, two month, three months, four months, five months old. is not going to be that long, but I'm just saying that like it's such an easy conversation starter, and then you tag them in that they're going to get a feeling of who you are. What's your personality, how much you know about grps and it's going to be a warm up.

Unknown Speaker  39:04
Mm hmm.

Unknown Speaker  39:05
So that's it. That's a marketing asset.

Unknown Speaker  39:08
Right. Right.

Speaker 1  39:15
So back to the page eight thing. Let's go back to that $10,000 thing. I just think we needed to fix that sentence structure for you. Okay, right here. Just grab that whole thing from Yeah. And then let's put it into the other thing.

Unknown Speaker  39:34
Yeah, now by the time okay.

Speaker 1  39:43
Okay, and then just say by page eight, I will just have by page eight, I will just and then saved you. You can just copy that save you 10 x Okay,

Unknown Speaker  39:59
wait Did it?

Speaker 1  40:05
Oh, yeah. Yep. There you go. That's it. And can you tell the size in LinkedIn? Or do you have to use like lingo jam to do that?

Unknown Speaker  40:19
No.

Unknown Speaker  40:21
That's fine.

Speaker 2  40:22
I mean, I could do this. I can cast or more. Mm hmm.

Speaker 1  40:29
Yep. If you could bold that or italicize it, I think it'd be good. That's Yeah. Oh, it's good. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  40:46
this whole paper got me excited. I'm like, I want to go turn the whole enterprise software ecosystem upside down, because it's stupid. And it's broken.

Speaker 1  40:59
Yeah, and you're really good at it. If you can write a 11 page paper on eirp. Hell, you know what the hell, that's all. I'm like, Okay, cool. We're gonna do this in LinkedIn, we're gonna focus on that, then we're gonna do a Facebook Live or attack people to, then we're going to message people in Facebook, and then we're going to tag them back on this live so that you're hungry buying audience who knows about eirp and actually having manufacturing companies, when they listen to that, and watch that you've got the right audience watching where it is, if I'm on your live, watching, it makes, it makes no difference. And then the Facebook algorithm is like, we better notify Beto to go watch this, and then you'll be like, oh, okay, you know, and then so we're gonna have the right people looking at your content, it's gonna make it so much easier. And they'll it the seeds are starting to come out. Guide is really good. The guide is really good. I mean, that's a two step in and of itself, that letter that you're putting in LinkedIn. That's a two step one, Facebook, like, there's a lot of ways you can leverage this.

Unknown Speaker  42:07
Hmm.

Speaker 1  42:09
I wouldn't do the live. And this two step like it is similar time, I would spread them out over a month. But I mean, I also think that it would be good to have a video version. So when you friend your LinkedIn people, nevermind, don't do this as a written two step written. This goes in, in LinkedIn. And then on Facebook, you let everyone know you're doing a live on this. So when you friend, your LinkedIn people, you can then tag them on that video. There you go. I mean, you've so much knowledge on me, I mean, you're writing an 11 page paper, right? And then in case they don't want to read your 11 page paper, and they just scan it, they can just watch your video and be like, all we want them to think is like damn, code house knows a shit ton. About er p, maybe we should. Hey, guys, have you ever heard of this code house company who's doing er p software? You know, that's it. Start getting you're going to start getting recognized as an authority on European software. And hey, if you want to business, people beside me Go for it. You already have existing clients. You know, even the coffee shop, you have some Miller's who can you coach?

Speaker 2  43:39
I think I think it's kind of this. What is it? I don't know. There's I think there's some natural pathways of like, once I start having conversations with these guys, like, I may even be like, Look, guys, I'm not gonna put pressure on you or me to come up with exactly what you need. But give me some time. And I want to think about your situation. And let's talk about ways that we can help you and, and allow those relationships to be cultivated and put together an offer and, and worked together with them to actually build it out.

Unknown Speaker  44:23
That's what we did.

Unknown Speaker  44:25
Yeah.

Speaker 1  44:26
You're like, hey, what should we do? I was like, yeah, hey, what should we do? Yeah, like, Okay, cool. Here's where I think my problems are. I'm like, Okay, cool. Here's where I think your problems are, you know, like, you have the same ability. You already have clients you've delivered to, and you have a variety of skill sets, like, you know, as a part of your business coaching your time management time is the thing that CEOs and level,

Speaker 1  44:50
you're talking about VPS you're talking about people with one to $10 million companies, those people are not as money poor as they are time poor, and you've talked about With your family values. Yeah, these people don't have enough time with their families. They're always like worried about work and their blah, blah, blah, you know, like, you could you could still slide that in there but you're not going to know until you start coaching people on the topics that they need. But you have so many different Arsenal's so many different skills.

Speaker 2  45:22
I would love to have a consulting offer around. You know that person on your team. That's an absolute pain in the ass. Like, let's go fix it. Let me go fix it, but let me go let me go deal with the situation. Let me get some looks like let me extract things. I think I could work some incredible magic in those places.

Speaker 1  45:43
That would be so good. That's a huge pain point. Your PETA team member? Yeah, EPDM blee asked around. I mean, I think that sounds good. I

Speaker 2  45:56
actually have a guy I need to text him. He's a construction dude. Who's he always has trouble with his employees. And I tried pitching him some stuff, but he's like, I hate to sit down. And so you know, I don't want to sit down and have a meeting about this stuff. I'm like, so I just need to talk to him. pitching. At least Yeah, pitching the idea that good. Let me let me have some conversations and let's circle up for breakfast afterward and talk about a plan.

Speaker 1  46:23
Hey, can we can we add right here? Can we add that seniority level or function or title? Can we add CEO?

Unknown Speaker  46:32
Yeah, so we could do partner director manager,

Unknown Speaker  46:40
definitely not.

Unknown Speaker  46:42
Director,

Unknown Speaker  46:43
director and BPM cola

Unknown Speaker  46:46
not manager.

Speaker 2  46:47
Can we make this a separate search without the titles? Yeah.

Speaker 1  46:56
As long as it's still gonna save you, you know, as long as the manufacturing

Unknown Speaker  47:06
industry is a key

Unknown Speaker  47:07
there's an industry out there

Unknown Speaker  47:09
but there's no manufacturing

Unknown Speaker  47:14
add industries Yeah, there is

Unknown Speaker  47:17
railroad or electrical? Really?

Unknown Speaker  47:23
Okay try europei

Unknown Speaker  47:33
chemical engineering

Unknown Speaker  47:37
industrial engineering mechanical or industrial engine

Speaker 2  47:47
Yeah, there's only like there's not a lot of overlap with this group. I think that I probably the best shot is doing this.

Speaker 1  48:00
operations we didn't think about the industry of operations. Maybe they come up there. I mean, we got to do construction.

Unknown Speaker  48:09
Here let's do this. Let's see if we could

Unknown Speaker  48:11
reverse engineer it.

Unknown Speaker  48:13
Let's see what industries these people

Speaker 1  48:16
we sit we still we think very similarly. That computer's brain

Speaker 2  48:23
factoring in use though. And foods could be

Speaker 1  48:31
why not? I mean, you were at deer that's about to be Food

Unknown Speaker  48:35
City lumber trust operation that's up

Speaker 1  48:37
your alley and then remember the shed people yeah, the shed crew

Unknown Speaker  48:45
Oh, let's see.

Speaker 1  48:46
Oh my god they literally wrote 10 million that's so your avatar

Unknown Speaker  48:52
10 million revenue. biotech. So biotechnology maybe

Speaker 1  49:01
maybe if they make if they make the actual tech part is they're not just doing research. Hey, well, that's an Indian person.

Speaker 2  49:10
food production. Alright, so food production could be industries food production, making some notes on the other screen

Speaker 1  49:22
and then you'll be invited to like eat. You haven't had that yet. like nobody's made you a cabinet yet.

Unknown Speaker  49:34
Exactly.

Speaker 1  49:38
Worked on interior design of a soccer stadium and I got VIP box tickets twice. And that was like one of the best gifts I've ever gotten. And I've done a ton of stuff.

Unknown Speaker  49:49
I did some work for local local folks who had season tickets to the Broncos

Speaker 2  49:57
box. I think they were I think They were bucks tickets helpful less than foot fitness. See, like, this isn't really, it's really broad. I mean, the thing we can do building materials could actually be of interest. Let's not go

Speaker 1  50:14
to these other companies that aren't eat yet, like go to city lumber, like go to the ones that we know for sure. Or, hey, look up the companies that your brother or you have clients with and see how they classify themselves.

Speaker 2  50:36
And some of those here, like, yeah. The other thing you can do is I could just search for the directors of manufacturing, which I don't know if they're the if they're this small if they'll have always have directors of manufacturing. I guess they probably would. But But finding the company and then finding the decision maker that way, it's long handled, but it could but sorry, I wasn't gonna do that. I was going to

Unknown Speaker  51:21
the key word, which we're gonna have to, let's do this. So that could be that could be one angle. Here the industry we could do building materials. Yep. Let's see what that ends up being kintex horns by steel

Speaker 1  51:53
deal. lumber, lighting, lighting. That's up your alley lighting has a million parts to it. a bajillion parts.

Speaker 2  52:09
And some of this may just come down to doing a quick look at the company. And seeing like kintex like, what an awesome name even suppliers, I don't know if suppliers they may or may not may just have to test. fabrication could be I think, again, probably just testing though this one is

Speaker 1  52:49
you just you I mean you just have like so many people use I mean, you've so many industries who could use this is crazy. Yeah, in I mean, in your search, too. You could also try to search like construction companies or cabinet makers or shed like, you know, we could I mean, we add some of those people identified right so like,

Unknown Speaker  53:18
so let's do

Speaker 1  53:20
like start like I wouldn't go into the biotech guy yet. I would just start with the ones we know so that you're not overwhelmed. But like we do limit we have those five industries the furniture maker

Speaker 2  53:33
All right. Well, here's Oh, look.

Speaker 1  53:37
Like Yeah, he's got artisinal sausage. He's in Seattle. He's in your neck of the woods.

Unknown Speaker  53:48
Or chisel

Unknown Speaker  53:50
or? Archer? Archer Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  53:52
you definitely need you need any more right that right? You lies

Speaker 2  53:59
All right. So this one is but I think here you just like Rancho Gordo. That fat ranch

Unknown Speaker  54:09
food production.

Unknown Speaker  54:14
Okay. Now,

Unknown Speaker  54:16
still, nobody messages him.

Speaker 2  54:20
And you know what I mean? That's just six employees on LinkedIn. He reports company sizes being bigger than that.

Unknown Speaker  54:25
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  54:27
He reports company size. So from 11 to 50. Somehow. So this is food production. What? What's up?

Unknown Speaker  54:43
I don't know. You're just like a part of a part of us is wired the same.

Speaker 1  54:50
Oh, Mike, look at that. Okay, so we need to give this to the girl. After you set up the searches. It's her job to message these people. You're going to do The high level work of what the searches are like you just did get the shed in there. But then she has to do the messaging. It's too much stuff. Like you're doing the brain work the strategy and let her do the robot.

Unknown Speaker  55:15
Alright, so

Speaker 1  55:15
Oh my gosh, shoot, I have Oh boy. Oh gosh. Okay. Wait. Oh my god. Oh, hold on poor guy. Oh, I was like, dude, we're gonna meet tomorrow, it's gonna be great. It's not Oh my God. He's like, Where's the zoom link nowhere because I'm, I'm talking about delegating stuff. Okay, we're gonna talk again, after the holidays, you can contact me in between. With what you need and what you have wins with and what you make progress. Please, please, please do delegate this out to your lady and give her a recipe of how to send out that message because she's gonna get it been able to send that out to like 100 people.

Speaker 2  56:19
Yep. Yep. And the food processing processing thing. We can also test with the case study message.

Speaker 1  56:25
Yeah, you can use either one. But give her clear instruction. All processing people get this one. The building people get the other guides one if you want to. But she should be able to bust out like 100 of these. Like you're gonna you're gonna have a merry Christmas like people are gonna come back. Yeah, you just need legs. you need you need worker legs on the wagon.

Unknown Speaker  56:47
Legs that can run.

Unknown Speaker  56:48
Yeah. What is your thinking? You got the thinking down?

Unknown Speaker  56:51
Yeah. Cool. Okay, cool.

Speaker 1  56:54
And then if somebody needs business coaching, don't be afraid to figure out with them all and then sell them.

Unknown Speaker  57:00
Yeah. Okay. Got it. Perfect.

Unknown Speaker  57:03
I appreciate it. All right.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai