Speaker 1  00:00
Recording in progress and so, which I'm not really set up for it right now, but what I what I used to do, was try and capture what I would call, like people's natural marketing voice, which is kind of flying into their like natural conversation, where they say the kind of the lingo, the golden stuff, the whatever, but not in a scripted context, because there's a certain energy in a way that that and this, this actually, what sort of, prior to AI taking over copywriting, I was still so frustrated with the way copywriting was being done, with formulas, and everyone was getting into the same style, and, you know, it was all the same thing. And I was like, I'm just going to be another one of these, like, formulaic copywriters, if I'm not careful. And I kept finding over and over again when I would talk to people like you, like gold would come out of your mouth, and it was said just in the right way, like, and if I had recorded it, that would be it, you know, that'd be that sort of fly on the wall, kind of copy versus. And so I had this whole setup. I still have it, but you know, where, like we would talk, I get you talking, and then I would learn, because I used to, I used to edit for a podcast for quite a while, and I was doing a lot of clips. And so I just did that live. I did the clips live. And anyway, so I'm wondering, to the degree to which you know that this maybe can be a hybrid version, but it's like, you know, because what I, what I heard when you're talking is like, there's, there's a lot that, you know, and if we can cut in on the right way, your your copy, well, your your marketing materials, your the sort of ideas will actually probably write themselves in a way. It's just a matter of like, how to, how do we, how do we slice into your brain, you know, in our in that right way that gets the difference between, you know, customer and where you're at. Are you in? Is this? What are you in Colorado? What's the, what's the sort of, yeah, so that's, that's a fairly, I'm not, I've worked a lot for Americans, but I don't quite know culture. So it's color Colorado, it's a little bit, is that there's, it's not like Oklahoma, or, you know, like it's not farms, it's sort of mountains. And,

Matthias Miller  02:26
no, it's mountains well, but my clients are primarily not in Oklahoma, and shed manufacturing sheds don't sell in big cities, perhaps in suburbs. But there's a lot of there's actually we did market research with a client, and it's it has to be populated just enough to have people, but obviously you can't have white spaces. As far as the culture Oklahoma, is, I mean, there are shit companies in Oklahoma, generally, those people are too laid back. I'm just making broad sweeping statements. But if you go into Holmes County, Ohio, which is Amish country, or Lakester Amish, which is Amish country, or, you know, surrounding areas there, or down in Texas, there is much more of a man describing culture here. Some of these folks just have a dogged work ethic. But there's much more of that. If you want to compare the culture between boulder versus this doesn't help if you don't have much context, but you know, Denver big city versus Oklahoma, it's closer to Oklahoma than it is to big city culture.

Speaker 1  03:59
Well, yeah, I worked for a company in Boulder for a while, like from Australia, but I have an ish sense of I guess Boulder is kind of unique in its own way, isn't it? It is

Matthias Miller  04:11
unique in its own way.

Speaker 1  04:13
Okay, interesting. So sheds systems, and I don't think I quite caught the answer that I needed to get for it to click my brain. But it's not you don't do. Will they be using like an ERP system, or will they be using your system that's like a stripped down ERP ish system that is enough for them is that

Matthias Miller  04:36
I'm not selling an ERP in particular at this point. Yeah, so, and there's still part of this off revolution. Okay, in some ways, it almost be easier to say we'll take the ERP stuff out of it. And what I'm looking to offer is is, you're here, you're. You're you're running, you're running hard, non stop, your your eyeballs are about to pop out because you're exhausted, and you're getting constant text messages and all this stuff, and you're doing well, and you're overall pretty happy, but, but, and then it's butt. And I don't know what the what the butt is, but it's like, but competition is getting tougher and and you want to keep moving forward, but it feels like I don't know, like you're spinning your wheels. There's all, all of the butts you have an agency, you don't know if they're doing their job. They don't seem very responsive, but you can't really tell for sure, and you just want a business that's running on autopilot. You're happy to be in. You go in, but it's just humming along, and it's humming along in growth. And yes, you want to put your shoulder in the you you want, if you're putting all this effort, you want to be putting their shoulder against the wheel to drive growth, not putting all this effort just to maintain where you're at, keeping all the spinning plates. I think that's the core offer. And then the actual what ends up being, all right, take a look your CRM. Let's integrate your CRM with other systems. Let's, let's look at the actual systems that you have for communication, interdepartmental communication, and that's a big word, but like, how do you stop dealers from yelling at production and production yelling at the dealers and and and haulers from IE logistics, from sabotaging deliveries? And how do you actually collect customer reviews when you have a third party calling company, and are you getting Google reviews and and are you judging your marketing numbers? Like this is down in the weeds of like, I guess down in the weeds. It's like, Well, do you, do you understand sales person metrics? Do you understand marketing metrics? Do you understand marketing metrics from more of a CRO type of perspective, not conversion rate optimization, but, you know, rev ops type of thing, like, what's percentage of spend, what's percentage of marketing spend on, on, percentage of revenues being spent on marketing and, and what's your profit margin? And like, like, can we get down into the numbers? Then can, can we take a step up from that. Really, what we're saying is you need a cockpit or dashboard where you can look at these different parts of the business and know where they're at. So do you know where your marketing is at? Do you know, like your sales people, are they making the outbound phone calls? Are they? Are they doing? Are they doing all of these things, like, how much time are they spending on the phone? You have this suspicion about this dealer, who's dealer, salesperson, who's not pulling their weight. And then there's the whole issue of of personnel, which I run into a good bit one client, it's like, we have the salesperson. We're not happy with it. Well, did you look at the numbers? No, we didn't. All right, well, let's look at the numbers. Oh, his close rate goes from about 15% or 12 11% one month. In the next two months, it's like four or 5% and he goes back up to 11% and then four or 5% he's on a roller coaster. Did you know that? No, I didn't. Okay, why don't you sit down and have a conversation. Sit down and have a conversation. Salesperson is like, Oh, I didn't know that was happening. That's useful. I should fix that. Yes, you should. Sales Person leans in, fixes it, and I'm like, but I still don't, you know when this all goes down. I still don't think he's actually a great salesperson, and I think he might have gotten better, but I still think he's like, a great, big salesperson. Next call, next next, next client, another story working with them, and and they're like, We really should find out whether the salesperson is producing, and let's put some numbers behind it. And involuntarily, the salesperson decides to quit because they want to go do something else. And it's okay, great. That's a good thing. Now let's go find a high performing salesperson that we can plug in there, and then next company. Well, I'm in business with my with my partner, we have these people that he wants to keep on payroll, and they're not producing for the company, and I don't know how to justify it so well, let's sit down. This is a conversation on Friday. He's like chatting about them. One of these guys is, has, what has? That has the highest or the second highest, average value of a sale. I'm like, This guy's a salesperson, but he doesn't have ambition. And so what do we do with this guy? And so we start, start talking a little bit, and I'm like, Well, do you have and this is these, some of these specific details we need to mask, to avoid, to protect the guilty, but, and I'm like, Okay, listen, and these are also Christians. They have the the idea of a tithe, giving 10% is part of their how they, you know, part of the part of their belief and practice. And like, Well, do you have. You guys have something like that, and is there any way that you can take some of these underperforming employees? Can you write them off in your giving, like this is giving. Can you also find ways that you can pay their salaries and have them volunteer at various non profit organizations so that they're not in the business? Because what happens in their business is that, like you actually hire the guy that you want, he comes in high ambition, high drive. Let's get it done. Like, let's, let's try to break a record this week. Like, let's, let's, let's for sales, or whatever the metric is production. Like, last week we produced this much dollar value or this many sheds. Like, let's, let's, let's see if we can do two more this week. And then this other guy who doesn't have ambition is right next to him, and it's immediate conflict and so really, a lot of what I do is the strategic rerouting around people issues, which sounds really weird. It sounds like avoidance, but I know there are people who enjoy leaning into Alright, let me. Let me sit down and have a conversation with these people who are on payroll, who don't have ambition. Let me see if I can uncover the the pain, the trauma, the the fill in the blank, whatever it is that and let's, let's, let's figure out the personality dynamics. And I, I do. I have definitely obsessed over personality, and I understand a lot of these things with these people, with this as we were talking about these people, we did have a conversation about what is the type of role, where they fit in. Well, the problem is there's just not enough. Like there's oversupply. There's an oversupply and under demand within the business, like we have multiple people who have this skill set, and we don't need that many people in the business with that skill set. We don't even have enough for we have maybe room for half a person, but not three with that type of skill set. And if we were in a different line of business, potentially, but we're not. And so how do you navigate that, especially when you're at the point of business partnership and you're working with the majority owner and and how do you, how do you pitch to them and walk, walk through that? So

Speaker 1  12:14
glad I hit record, because that's, that's where I would have snipped that. That whole spiel right there. It's exactly what I wanted to hear. There you go. I love it. Oh, I will snip that out. I'll have to do it tomorrow because it's late here. But oh yeah, for sure, I Yeah. And if we do this again, I can do a bit later, because I know it's super early for you, so it's

Matthias Miller  12:35
Yeah, I do early mornings. So completely fine time, if it works for you. So, no,

Speaker 1  12:41
no, fantastic. That's great. Yeah, so that's, I'll just, I'll just back up and not address what you just said. But that was, that's what I love, that that little like letting people do those monologs that you kind of got to get the flywheel rolling for a bit and have me ask a few questions back and forth, and then I've always found that those kind of things, just like, fall out of the mouth. It's just this, like, way that it happens, and if you're recording, you know, and doing the right thing, I've always wanted to have it set up with video and stuff like that. But sometimes it's hard to do that as well. It's just but because what I heard in that, because I was, I was getting, I was going down the road of like, oh yeah, you're a software guy, and you know this, and you know that. So I'm getting kind of distracted by, kind of, essentially your intelligence, which is still there, but it sounds like kind of, you've applied that to a personality dynamics perspective within a organization, and your software is kind of giving you an x ray perspective into maybe what's happening with people, but then you're addressing then the people's the people part, not necessarily like worrying about the software anymore.

Matthias Miller  13:54
Yeah, I think that's fair. Something you should know about me is that. So I started coding when I was eight or nine years old, I got a job straight out of high school. I never went to college. I'm also, I mean, I'm beyond eighth grade education, but I and work for software company. Everybody loved my work. I was an exceptional developer, and I hated every minute, minute of it. I am, I am not the quintessential software developer. And so when, when you say software, and this is probably from a branding perspective, this is good, good perspective for guy. Here's what I got from well, I am very analyst. I can be very analytical. I can delve into the emotional space as well, but I'm not the typical engineer, like, I hate talking to people, and so that can get in the way. What I did get, and actually, one of my goals is to write a book about this which is over intellectual, and it doesn't work for this market. It's just like. I just want to get it out of me, for my own sake, is software is the place where we've understood systems at a degree, systems that scale are flexible, fluid in scale at a an unfathomable, unfathomable degree, like we've never done had in history. Like you can't get that in manufacturing. You can't get that looking just at organizations, understanding systems from an organization standpoint, the pace of change is so slow you really can't get this much. But you can distill everything that we know about systems and software, distill it down to its core, and you could reapply it to organizational consulting. And so much of what I do without thinking about it is for years I beat my head against the wall and between personality and just learned behavior, I understand systems like the back of my mind, and I see systems. I'm guessing. I don't know. I've never been in other people's brains, but my guess is, I see systems and systems opportunities, where other people don't much, much. My invention comes from. There's this thing over here. We could apply it over here. If we merge it, we could do this, and you have this, and this is how it flows. But if you would rearrange it like this, it would flow better where you have this conflict and this conflict. And I mean, there's a lot of what I do that really comes down to managing relationships, relationships between things, between people, between people and things, things things and things, people and people, people and things, things and people like, like, managing those types of relationships and seeing ways to systemize things so that they flow, flow smoothly, without making it be something personal. But I don't know what you got out of that. But

Speaker 1  16:38
no, yeah, I'm getting a bit of I mean, out of curiosity, is the Enneagram part of your personality kind of framework, or is that just not on your No, Enneagram doesn't

Matthias Miller  16:46
make sense to me because it doesn't have enough structure. Okay, fascinating. Yeah. Colby makes sense to me, and I love the fact that Colby is is validated, but personality in and of itself, becomes a tricky thing, because personality assessments, you know, okay, from a meta level, you can ask me all kinds of opinions about different things. I love the Colby in particular, because it's, it's more predictive behavior, and I was Colby certified up until about a month ago, when I was like, I'm not using the consulting. I'm tired of paying for it. But it's, it's data validated, and it's behavior focused. But the problem primarily with personality assessments is that it's, it's self reported and and there's limitations to that we don't perceive ourselves differently, and especially for more of the affective disc and other types of things. I've had disc profiles all over the place, and everybody's like, Well, yeah, it all depends on what, what, what part of life you're looking at. Well, exactly like, if I'm going to show up in business, I show up in business as a DC, which is kind of a COO style behavior, which is very much the task driven and goal read, but also attention to detail, and sometimes the gas and the brakes get, get stall me out. I there was a period of time when I was around people who were high influence di leaders, and I morphed over into that direction. And so anyway,

Speaker 1  18:32
no, it's cool. Yeah, I'm an, I'm an Enneagram guy, but it's because I'm not dealing systems, and I'm not behavior driven in that sense. So any Enneagram gives me an explanation as to, you know, it gives me, it's, I think of it more like it gives you a smell for people, but it's, it's not applicable really, in a in a business system sense, it's more in a personal relationship sense,

Matthias Miller  18:55
it's tremendously useful. I don't dislike the Enneagram. It's tremendously useful. I just,

Speaker 1  19:03
well, what I was glad about hearing with your answer was that you gave me the exact answer that I was looking for. I just threw something at you and

Unknown Speaker  19:09
you gave me the clarification.

Speaker 1  19:12
Sure. So, yeah, fast, no, this is it's interesting because it's like, I've known some systems guys before that are not I not as engaged in their ability to understand the people part of it, like they sort of build the systems, and then the people have to, you know what I mean, and so they're not, it's, it's like the i It's like the, they'd be the people that build the perfect utopia that then like, Oh, what is it? The procrustean bed. Do you know, you know that phrase? It's this, this, I think it's, I think a Nassim Taleb wrote a book called the bed of Procrustes. I don't, I don't know how to say, but it's basically the perfect size bed. And then if they're too short for it, they stretch them out to it, and if they're too tall for it. Like they cut him into size. It's like an old Greek

Matthias Miller  20:04
thing. Awesome. That's perfect. One of my I mean, I've constantly gotten in trouble because, again, this is not necessarily a story for the for copywriting, or maybe it is, but it helps you understand I got in trouble with the real probably one of the major reasons why I've gotten into trouble, obviously for asking questions, but it's also been because I've said, look, the system is dumb and it doesn't account for people, but I also don't like the absolute, utter chaos of just people. I was part of a mastermind. Once the guy's a great dude, people love him. He's gotten people results. He did not get me any results. I spent, like, I don't know, 30 grand, and I hung on longer than I should have, but and he was all about relationship, relationship, relationship and business comes out of relationship. But there wasn't enough structure. Like there's this space that's, I don't know how to describe it, if you want to go into the emotional drop into the emotional space, there's a space that's like this, woo, woo, feel good, connect all this kind of kind of thing and and if it doesn't have teeth to it, I can't stand it, at least not in a business context, like there's got to be some drive for productivity, momentum results, something like that. But on the flip side, if it's all teeth and no feeling. And I had a not throw my boss under the bus, but I had a former former boss who was much more like this and felt very disconnected from his feelings and in my current space, wildly misinterpreted a bunch of things. I was also underdeveloped and immature and didn't know how to how to respond a combination of things, but, but all teeth and none of this doesn't work either. There has to be some combination of, I mean, this is grossly oversimplified, but it has to be productive work, and it has to feel has to have some level of feeling in. It often tell you something's right or wrong, go ahead, but it won't tell you what. Usually, well kind of, but not always. Specifically,

Speaker 1  22:43
you know, like, what I like about what you're saying is that, like, I get the sense that, yeah, it's interesting. I so I don't have any real exposure to American football or anything, but there's some movie scenes that, you know, I'm thinking of with coaches and stuff that there's sometimes, like, the coach that can put the guy in the right thing, like that has that ability to put the guy in the right like, what was that show about Michael again, I'm I'm going to talk about stuff I don't know about. To to talk about something else I don't know about the Michael Jordan thing, where they have the triangles thing, you know what I'm talking about, there's that whole series about Michael Jordan's team called the last dance, and it was essentially Moneyball for basketball. That's, that's actually, do you like Moneyball? Like? Do you like that whole kind of movies thing. The way that that worked is that sort of money ball, the movie, the Brad Pitt movie,

Matthias Miller  23:42
break down the plot, just briefly. Well,

Speaker 1  23:44
so interestingly, what you were telling me that, okay, it is Moneyball that I was thinking of. So money Moneyball and the last dance movie, and what you're saying all kind of in my brain, there's a connection happening in that. So Moneyball is the idea that you can, rather than just buying like the best players for baseball to try and put together a team, right? You sort of use a lot more statistical approach to it, and then you're putting maybe people that are unexpected in there. But because baseball is so statistical, you know, over the course of a season, you end up getting a winning team for a lot cheaper. And there's all this, you know, the the movies kind of about the conflict between the people doing a more personal approach, and then kind of literally what you were saying kind of too feelingsy Or too systemy, and that conflict. And then the last dance, I think, is they had, they, there's something about basketball where they had the old strategy was a certain way, but they had the Chicago Bulls or something, they were trying to implement this thing that was essentially the same idea, like they were underperforming for a while, but they needed to create a triangle all the way up the court with certain players, and then they needed to get like, you know, Dennis Rodman and all these guys working together who are the. Like, superstar dudes, but it's hard to get them to conform. But eventually they got it, and they had this, like, unbeatable defense thing, you know, again, I know nothing about anything, but no, but it sounds like that's how your brain kind of works, you know what? I mean,

Matthias Miller  25:14
yeah. And I would resonate with that, especially so on the on the, on the money ball side, it's like, what are the unexpected patterns that can make this work. And there's actually a high degree of personalization. So, like, it's not just, I mean, the combination of all of that, the the the Procrustean bet, is an example of this. Like, we're not just going to take this guy and shove him into a particular pattern. We're not going to let data like data's not the facts are not the only data. If you want to say it, say it that way. But, and then especially, with the with the like, with the what I resonate with in the last dance is, is like, if, if you can, this is where I get stuck trying to explain how my brain thinks. But it's kind of like, what are the different parts that we have? Well, we've got Michael Jordan, we've got Dennis Rodman, we've got this other guy, this other guy. And how do we rearrange so this guy's really good on this, this part. He's got this deficiency. This guy's good at this. He's got this deficiency. How can we twist the Rubik's Cube? How do we rearrange? How do we if we put this person over here, this person over here, and we run it like this, with this type of internal structure that most people aren't seeing, which is, like, the triangle, then like, we could actually have like, and, and there's a little bit of this. I don't know how well I do at this, and I don't know whether it's probably also Denny Kruger play, but I don't feel like I'm all that good at this, but, but maybe I'm better than that, much better at it than I think, because, whatever, but. But on the Michael Jordan front, can we get him to separate from the hero mentality and actually go for a bigger win? So Michael Jordan, you're winning. You're winning games by yourself, but if you bring these guys along, you'll take your winning from here to up here. So there's a there's an elevated like this part, I feel like I do bring an elevated level of ambition. I just feel like most people really suffer from a lack of ambition. And ambition by itself, is just like, I mean, Zig Ziglar has a quote about, you know, motivation being like a bath, and you need it every day, which is fine. But in my mind, it's not just about that. It's like, how do I structure my environment, my day, my work, my life, so that ambition and momentum is natural and implied. It's not something that, like, I don't know, I take a bath every day because I'm immersed in it, not because I have to go listen to some hype Andy Elliot sales training or Grant Cardone 10x thing or something like that.

Speaker 1  28:20
By the way, I'm leaving extra space just so I can clip these better without my voice being in

Matthias Miller  28:24
it. Love it.

Speaker 1  28:27
So, yeah, no, this is as soon as there is something very Moneyball ish, and, you know, not in the sense of, like the exact kind of one to one metaphor. But this is obviously because, you know, sports and baseball and all that kind of stuff. They they give people this place where we can focus attention, and it's a lot simple. Like, things are a lot simpler. There are a lot fewer variables. And, you know, when I have tuned into, you know, the way chess guys think, which I got into for, you know, blip, and then I was like, This is not my world. But like, there, you know, I get that, you know. And there's those terms get thrown around in, like, the internet, like 4d chess and all that sort of stuff. It sounds like, you know, when I've talked to I'm currently got a well, used to be a client, and then he's, he wasn't. He didn't pay his taxes for a while, and then his business fell apart. And now he's a friend that I coach him on getting out of his current job. He's, he's, he was a screen printer, and then he's now working in a screen printing business as a salesperson. And a lot of what you were saying is actually happening in that business, where sales peeping, people might be underperforming over performing. There's a lot of issues where, like, the guy doesn't have any lead flow coming in. He's not allowing for certain things happening, but he's always stressed, and he's doing meetings and all this kind of stupid stuff. And I'm, I'm just like, you know, talking to the this guy's just a sales guy now. And I'm like, Dude, we just got to find you a new thing to go to when this thing implodes, because he's essentially got a giant client. That's bringing in a million dollars a year, and a whole other bunch of clients that bring in 3 million, and if you lose that one big client, it all falls apart. I'm like, we're just gonna wait till this thing blows up, right? But that that's like, a mess. Like, it sounds like I can see the problem, but, you know, I can't fix it because, you know, I'm an idiot. Like, I'm not. It's not my job. It sounds like if I were to, like, you know, strike team, you in, you know, helicopter you in, and this guy were to happen to listen to you, which he won't, but he like, let's say he did. He's, you know, it's one of those guys. It's like that, if you had free reign to kind of rearrange the pieces on the chessboard. It sounds like, regardless of whether this is a screen printing business or a shared business, or whatever, you would kind of be able to know what's going on do the things that's that's kind of your your jam. Is that what I'm I'm right about that,

Matthias Miller  30:55
yes, and, and it's true, I know what to do. But my first question is, what, what's going on and and that's, that's the nucleus of the discovery engagement is alright, let me, let's talk like, let's, let's take a look at some of the numbers. Let's take a let me talk to some of your sales people. Let me get I had one situation with a client where one of the dealers said, we have this happen all the time. And here's the problem, like, I asked for buildings on my lot, and I don't get them, and they give me something else. Instead, I was like, Well, this is really interesting. And so started digging into inventory, started digging into inventory numbers, inventory patterns, different types of things finally get down to the bottom, and I'm like, No, here's the problem, when, when the when production puts out a lot building to come to you between from when they order it, like it shows up in in four weeks. And that's just because they know what's coming. They need to throw some stuff on the line, on the production line. It comes out to you when you ask for something they're looking to do it efficiently. From a production standpoint, it takes them 10 to 12 weeks. And so you ask for it, they send something else, and then you get yours later, and you're just going to get confused because you didn't see like your your heads off selling things, and nobody talks to you about it, so you have no idea. And this is the hilarious part. Dealers like, oh yeah. Last year, I thought they forgot my order, and so I put it in a second batch of orders, and I got double the buildings I asked for. I'm like, Yeah, exactly. And so these are classic of like, and I feel like, well, I mean, these are just classic, like, I don't know, like, I don't know how. I don't get the common man experience, but it varies from owner to owner. But it's, it's, it's, there's very much this black box I don't understand anything. Like, some of them, just some of them intentionally ignorant. There's a place I was going, Oh, it's just like to them. It's just like, it's novel that you could actually put something in place that would prevent problems like that, like here's another example, with the client that just blew my mind. Sales people in production were in constant arguments, and the sales person insisted that they consistently have problems not finishing buildings and getting them delivered by the deadline promised by the cost to the customer, and the owner insisted that every time it happens, I fix it. And so why are you so upset? I don't understand why you're so upset the owner having no concept of like, let's break this down into a system number one, monitor how many buildings are in the queue. Number two, if it's if your lead time moves from four weeks to five weeks, Tell us. Tell the sales people, if it moves from five to six, tell the sales people. And then and and then, when you do that and when you monitor your queue, make sure these things get done. And, oh, by the way, the guy that's hauling them like if he's dropping the ball that's on you, that's customer experience. So if it needs to be delivered by this date, back off another week or two and and make sure that they're scheduled for delivery. And if he's and set that expectation that he's performing like these have to be delivered by this date and you have a two week window, there's no reason why you can't do that. So do it. And if there's a further problem, let's fix it. And so, but to me, that's that was just one of those, like, I don't know, like, so stupid to. Obvious, like, like, just like, and then you put that in place and and whoever's in charge of managing production does that every week, and it's and if, if nothing else, you can have a stand up meeting, if whatever it takes to get it done, if you have somebody who's who leans admin side, then have them take an admin approach to it. If they lean people side and work side, have a standard meeting 15 minutes every Monday morning. We're going to go through the list. We're going to say, Hey, we got this building, this building, this building. I think we're three weeks out. Great. I'm going to shoot a text. We're three weeks out, and I'm going to update the system, the sales system, so that so everything gets reflected as as the spending weeks out. But there's a picture. But then again, the common man is just like, is like, all those I don't, I don't know what they're really I can't even fathom what they're thinking. It's like, I don't even think they are thinking. I think it's like, oh, there's probably some video game version of this. So, like, you're going to the video game this probably doesn't this analogy doesn't necessarily fit this demographic, but you're going to the video game and, and all of a sudden, oh, there's another there's another enemy that I'm going to going to go shoot and, boom, shoot him. And, and you keep going, and you're like, Oh, there he is again. Boom, and there he is again, boom. And like, never knowing that there's actually another level of the game that you could go to where these guys disappear, or, like, you could build a wall around your civilization so these guys don't come in and, like, I don't know what, there's some kind of I

Speaker 1  36:37
was gonna say you'd probably love Age of Empires is that, have you ever played that game? I haven't. So I get fascinated by kind of, what kind of video games people might or might not play, because it tells you a lot about their personality. Like, I'm, I'm more of a like, I really like, you know, car racing games, like first person, repetitive, closed loop laps. You know, a bit that's because I, that's because I come from a music background where there was a lot of repetition, and there's a lot of kind of slow refinements. You feel like, Age of Empires is, I never really played it, but there's, it's kind of a systems thing where you you're like, exactly what you're saying. Like, you go, I'm going to build a fort over there, and I'm going to, you know, chop these trees down over here, and then I'm going to slowly expand this army over here, and I'm gonna slowly do and so it's kind of point and click, kind of bird's eye view, and the people that are very good at it can sort of really see that perspective very well. And exactly what you just said, like, I wanted to call the Age of Empires thing before you even said it, but, and I wish you actually had played it, but it's, you know, like, there's a, there's a genre of YouTube, YouTubers that do this thing called Boundary Break on, um, on video games, where you see the game from a they basically put the software in and they break the software so that you can go see it from a different perspective for the first time, and it gives you A whole new perspective on the game and what I'm, what I heard you kind of say just then was, like, basically, most people are operating their business from a like, you know, put out the next fire kind of thing, and then you have this. I mean, it does really remind me of when I had three months where I really wanted to get good at chess, and then, like, you would hear, like, okay, there's an opener, but, you know, you've got to do this and that and this. And then, like, there's this, there's this kind of opener, if they respond this way. And then there's, there's this kind of high level perspective of, like, chunking out the board and playing on the left side of the board or the right side of the board and all these kind of different things. And then I was just like, you know, I didn't, I don't have time to get good at this anymore. Like, I gotta, I gotta live my life, but, but like that, there is actually you can move into these, especially production based businesses. I'm hearing like, that's, you know, where there's a physical thing being developed, and there's people doing it, where you where you can actually go and, like, it is actually almost impossible, I think, for those people, without someone like you to come in, to ever really see that, because there's so much emotional like, sorry for the word, but bullshit that gets wound up in the decisions that get made because, you know, the salesperson over here said, Hey, we need a new thing there. And they've already gone, no, we don't need that. And then that idea is off the table. And you know that you've got a whole, like, bunch of sticky notes, you know, around, and it's really not a system. And you're kind of, your wife is like, you know, got an issue with you at home, so you have to, you know, it's they're immersed in the kind of day to day of it, and they really do need, I mean, I imagine you'd actually be really good in the military, probably,

Matthias Miller  39:46
like my core culture index fits the actually, when I first met Vivian, that was the first thing, first thing she heard was General, and she was. Really thought it meant military, military general. And then she's like, and then she found out that it wasn't. But my culture index matches a 60, 60% of seals, Navy Seals have my culture index, something like that. And so I have, I have the navy seal, which is a little bit of chest, chess plus self sacrifice, slash, mission driven, like, that's kind of I've tried playing with that language. I feel like it's a really powerful image for people who understand it, but, but I've also haven't served in the military either. But yes, that that's well, yeah, well, yeah,

Speaker 1  40:46
this, well, I mean, there's something fascinating here. And I'm, I kind of wish I was just able to just quickly write your coffee, but I suppose this is just as you know. I hope, I hope I can chop this up in this listening for you, listening back might be useful. I'm not, I'm not sure I feel like I'm getting from what I saw the website, at least, versus what you've told me. It's completely, it's, I'm almost completely inverse, like, I don't know. The toughest thing about copy with someone like you is you actually have a lot to brag about, but you don't want to sound like you're bragging and because it can, yeah, obvious, for obvious reasons, yep, but yeah, there's something fascinating here, because it's like, if you can get that, If you can get that communication of, like I am this kind of strike team sort of come into your business and I can make whatever you've got work better. I mean, obviously there's that the old, the old version of it is that Eliyahu Goldratt book. The goal is, like the classic. Do you know what I mean by that book? I love that book. Yeah, it's, it's the fictional book. So I think, I think we just froze, which is why I started. But yeah, there, that's, that's the classic fictional version of it, which is, yeah, I imagine you're, you're all over. I'm not sure where to go with it yet. It yet, but there is, there is definitely something. Because when I, when I have in mind, you know, okay, here's, here's the words that I'm sort of, you know, distilling money ball, Age of Empires, like 3d or like 4d business chess, birds eye view. I mean, I part of me, kind of, when I watch guys play those kind of birds eye view games and how good they get at sort of rearranging this stuff. I'm like, what wasted talent you mean? Because they really could be doing that, you know, in the real world, then this is, this is kind of, I get excited talking to people like you, because it's like you are actually kind of doing that in the real world. The the challenge is, you, you are so far ahead of the people in the business that the the level of, like, there's a sense of probably intimidation they probably like, because they're maybe emotionally wrapped up in the decisions they've already made. It's going to be, maybe there's going to be that pushback on the what is that saying? Like, the harder you push on a system, the harder it pushes back, or something like that. Yeah, but there's thinking of you as a kind of more, I mean, like Moneyball. Sorry, you go Moneyball,

Matthias Miller  43:50
Age of Empires and like, but none of this resonates with the common man. I don't, I don't disagree. It just doesn't resonate with the common man.

Speaker 1  43:57
Yeah, I'm not saying yet. I'm just trying to that's, that's fair. I have a friend

Matthias Miller  44:01
of mine who, who, this is his words, not mine. Calls me the calls me the Elon Musk of business, or like, something like that, like, and it is, it is it is. The big difference is life choices. I haven't, I haven't given myself permission, and I don't really intend to, but I could see a world in which I might work 120 hours a week, or whatever insane thing that he does. But it's, yeah, that's another analogy. Yeah.

Speaker 1  44:34
I think he also pays someone else to be the best in the world at some video game that now everyone hates him for but yeah, it's, it's fascinating watching American politics as a TV show from this side of the pond. It's a whole, it's whole thing. I. Mean, I know more about American politics than I'll ever know about Australian politics because it's so publicized and talked about in dialogs

Matthias Miller  45:07
and commentary. I'm sorry.

Speaker 1  45:10
No, well, our stuff's pretty boring, and we're probably slowly devolving into like a communist country that we won't be able to prevent. I don't think, I think we're about to institute capital gains tax, or unrealized capital gains tax, which is going to be fun anyway, but yeah, so, like, yeah, I guess I'm I've now got more of, I feel like I've got more of a sense of what you do. Like, if I was going to brag about you, you know, to someone else, I would kind of have a sense of what I might say, you know, in terms of, like, you know, the that ability to kind of see a business in its, you know, multi dimensional chess pieces, so to speak, including the people and personalities, not just raw systems so that you can, and you know you you do have that added layer of software that you can implement to get that sort of X ray vision into things, or at least you know what questions to ask, because, you know anyone can ask you. You know you can have people that can ask the right questions, but they don't have that perspective to know exactly, like, which question to ask at that right time in order to get the information they need, because they don't necessarily know how to do the solution it's actually talking to is like talking to like a really, really, like, skilled car guy, where he's like, you know, they might open the hood at, like, a car meet, you know what I mean, and they they see something right there, and they'll that, they immediately go, oh, but how are you doing that over here? Beef that weren't that blow out the you know this and that, like, there's just that immediate, like, whatever, that immediate recognition that, like, someone has on a complex system, where they can see something over there, which might look cool just to everyone else, but you can immediately see the downstream or upstream issues going on there. And that's, you know, if, if I, I, you anyone can somehow figure out how to communicate that in the right way to the right people. You know, that would be one of those no brainers. You know what? I mean, I can. I can hear that now I can, and I could hear the frustration of when you can't communicate. That just annoying. It it must be like it just must be infuriating. Yeah, interesting. I hope I'm not wasting any more your time, but

Matthias Miller  47:37
I think this context is necessary for you to to help, for sure, is there, is there room in 15 minutes to

Matthias Miller  47:54
dive into the common man what's going on? What's going on in the common man's brain? We

Speaker 1  47:59
can try, I think, I think I was maybe a bit over thinking. I was probably a bit overzealous and thinking I could just dive into you and start writing copy, just because you are a complicated you are a edge case in this in this circumstance. So I do appreciate you taking the time you know from from my perspective, and I hope I can somehow deliver you some, at least, just some recordings for you to have sometimes just hearing yourself back say it in a natural way is, you know, good, but you know, not for everyone. It sounds like you've done a lot of thinking. So let's see.

Speaker 1  48:38
I maybe have to pace out my offer in the future of like, maybe this would be at least a three session deal, and I'm happy to do more sessions if you get something out of this. But I also don't want to You seem like a busy person. I don't want to pull you into my

Matthias Miller  48:57
busy but I have a very intense, specific goal, which is I want to get well, I have a short term and long term goal. Short term goal, I really, really, really, badly need a way for people to just talk about what I'm doing and share it with other people in a way that they understand and uhm, and it's directly tied to revenue goals to solve this problem. So it is a bleeding neck and in some sense, realistically, and so I don't, I don't know, I don't know what this if you're offering more free sessions, two more free sessions, and by the end of two free sessions, then we think we can have have the page and email sequence drafted, landing page video script in in five email series. Yeah. Drafted Well, assuming timelines are good. I mean, assuming path to get anything faster than that, I think I can't see any reason why I wouldn't pick you up on that. I'd be open to long term plan is, if this actually does work, I am interested in somebody long term who can, who can was I work well with as a complimentary skill set, and I could lean on that when works well together in this type of capacity. Knows me, we work to work together like in this type of whatever and and as a skill set that's complimentary,

Speaker 1  50:45
my big fear right now is that I'm out of my depths. With you. That's all

Matthias Miller  50:52
well, then the question with that is that, are you literally out of your depths? Are you just, is this just all kinds of, you know, self doubt, imposter syndrome. And do you too? Do you also suffer from having fallen too far down the Dunning Kruger?

Speaker 1  51:10
Very positively, it's, you know, I can hear, I guess, yeah, I'll just, I'm half listening to you and then half trying to solve the problem at the same time, to try and give you something. You think, look, I'm, I'm, if you're, if you get something out of retelling a story in this way to someone who's willing to be a dumb ass and not try and keep up with you, but getting you to say that I'm happy to do more of that, I'm I'm not 1,000% sure I can just solve the problem and but I'm up for the challenge for free, because it's this stuff. I could do this stuff all day for free. Like I really find it fun talking to people like you, doing this, trying to sort of crack the nut. I generally I've people's businesses that I've talked to have been a little bit simpler, like, you know, I've got a friend of mine who we sort of cracked the nut of a he's a shred guitarist on YouTube now, and he was always trying to do beginner guitar stuff, and we focused on the sort of 80s shred, Ding V, Malmsteen styles thing. And then he blew up. And I'm just trying to understand, I mean, I'm, I really like, at least internal kind of marketing words Moneyball, for whatever that blank word is. But, you know, it's not, it's not Moneyball in the literalist sense of like, you're just a statistics guy. There's a sort of, I guess, like 4d money ball, whatever, like that integrates, you know, actually, I don't mind that 40 money ball, slash, Age of Empires, business chess. I mean, that's that's doing it for me right now. And the question is, you know, getting that down to a headline and a lead in a set of emails, there's something you can you do actually communicate though, through your voice and through those throwaway lines. I i This is, this is my complication as a copywriter. I actually almost don't even want to write it. I just want to write it. I just want to talk to you and record and then stitch them together enough so that that this is this has come up for me with everyone I've talked to, but there's, there's an authority that you can convey in the throwaway things that you say, that you can't convey in a script, if that makes any sense, because it comes from a you're kind of reaching into the back of your brain going just everything you know is just coming out naturally. And then when I hear YouTubers and script scripted people speak, I'm just like, well, you could have, you know, you chat GBT could ruin that. I don't care, but it's something chat GBT will never be able to do is like, pull that out in that particular way that you're saying it, which is why I'm so glad I hit record, because I can prove my point anyway.

Matthias Miller  54:12
There's,

Speaker 1  54:15
there is that so shared business. Back to shed business. Shed business. You know, there are a lot of things that are out of control by the sounds of it, sales people like, untracked. What was the word that you use? The production? Production. Production? Production? Yep. Like, too slow, slow, no. Community not not communicated, right? Non, like, lack of lack of visibility. Of like, things, things, movement, numbers, timelines, mm. Uh, it's, I mean, the meta, the meta thing that you do is that you can sort of just see all those movements without needing it to, like, it doesn't sound like it would matter if it's a shared business for you, like, it's like, that's just the current thing that you happen to be doing. But is it? Is there something about, maybe, like, it doesn't matter if it's a shed business, but is there kind of a limit to, kind of what you like to work with, like, this kind of size, or would you is this just what you're limiting yourself to, currently,

Matthias Miller  55:36
limiting myself to currently, I haven't, I don't have experience working with working beyond this level. I don't see any reason why this skill set would be useful at a higher level.

Unknown Speaker  55:49
No, it's cool. I mean, I like this level. I'm just wondering.

Matthias Miller  55:53
I do have an affinity for manufacturing. Manufacturing is fascinating to me, and I think you can understand why, because it's systems driven much more than I mean, we spoke videography, some of those folks drive me absolutely bonkers, because I know that for the sake of innovation, you have to Have randomness introduced, and I'm fine with that. But anyway, yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  56:30
Well, I first of all, I want to apologize for not being able to just do this thing that I thought I would be able to do, and I will chop these up as much as I can so that you you have some to hold on to, and then I'm happy for you. I mean, you can have as many sessions as you want, because this is the most fun that I have in my days trying to do these kind of things. But again, I don't want you to feel like you need to just hold my hand as I'm trying to figure out my own career. Um, sure, as so long as it's useful for you, is kind of the point.

Speaker 1  57:08
There is this thing about the Yeah, so this thing that I wrote down, a lot of people are actually operating in this, I think fingers crossed, approach of business. Like, everything's working as much as possible. But like, you know, you're waiting, you're basically waiting for something to blow up before you fix it. There's no real proactive approach to like versus this. I mean, you say systems driven, but I think there does need to be another word other than systems for what you're talking about. It is, look, it is kind of the sorry,

Matthias Miller  57:47
let me see if I can articulate this from a common man perspective. So I'm the business owner, and here's the deep really, the deeply rooted fear is, I fear I'm going to be found out. And there's I'm going to find myself in some kind of situation where I don't know I just I don't want to be found out, I and I don't want to feel stupid, and I know I need a smart guy in my corner. I don't want to be taken advantage of. And at the same time, I also need somebody who who can help me see around corners, who can help me see what's coming, who can help help me like it's scary to get my head out of the sand, but I need somebody who can get their head out of the sand and look around. And I want to make sure that this is now speaking very much from an emotional standpoint. I want to make sure that when I show up in my business that it doesn't, it doesn't have to be going perfectly. I just want to be able to have a good feeling about it like I want to know that we're we know where we're going. We're going in a direction that's going to protect us from undue competition. I want to know that that we're, we're we're doing things well internally, just for things to run well, I want to feel good about the people who are on my team. I want to feel good about and about the work that they're doing. I don't want to feel like I'm constantly hounding or chasing. I don't mind pushing things forward, but I don't want it to be a drag on me and

Matthias Miller  59:58
then introducing this. Tactically, the biggest potential bottleneck is the fact that I do love to move quickly. I do process things very quickly. This is another note the 4d terminology or 3d I was once with a prospect explaining they had a problem, and I fit together like I was asking them all kinds of questions, and they said, when you started describing the solution, I couldn't see how it was all connected. You went here, here, here, and by the time you got to the third and fourth part, I realized that you had a whole picture in your head of these different parts and how they would all fit together. But for the business owner, it's like

Matthias Miller  1:00:46
I just want to I'm tired of being sold by consultants who don't know what they're talking about, and I just want somebody to do. And I just want a smart guy on speed dial that can, that can help me do better and be better and lead better and build a stronger business.

Matthias Miller  1:01:15
And really, I'm fine going to him and saying, Alright, tell me what to do, like you tell me what to do. And you're going to say, Oh, I mean, and you're going to say, as smart as you are, you're going to come to me and say, I don't know. And okay, and why don't you know? Well, oh, so the reason you don't know is you actually want to come into my business and you want to get you want to look all around. You want to figure everything out. You want to see what's going on in sales. You want to talk to some of the dealers, all the dealers. You want to try calling them, see if they call back. You want to go look at marketing. You want to pull marketing numbers, get stuff out of see what the agency is doing over here, you know, go talk to production. You want to pull some numbers out of our order system and our CRM and you want to talk to the haulers. You want to talk to me as the owner, and you want to talk to finance people, and you want to talk to the admin people. And maybe even we're not doing this, maybe you even want to talk to some of the customers, kind of see what their experience was like, call up some recent customers, just ask them some questions. And so you're going to come in and get a lay of the land, so you're actually looking to the you're looking to get to know like you're a friend for my business, like you're looking to come to know my business personally. And then when you come to know me personally, you'll you'll be like, Okay, well, here's where we could do, here's 100 different things we could do because and you're just going to tell me that because I don't know, you kind of have to put on a show, and I get that. But really, what I want from you is like, what's the next thing to focus on? And you're going to tell me, Well, here's the real problem. Like, you have this, like sales, and you knew this was but here, let me explain. You kind of have this gut feeling, or sorry. Back to my perspective, I had this kind of feeling there's something wrong with sales, but you actually said, Oh, you actually spelled it out, like, well, here's the issues, and here's how we can get to the root of it, and here's what we need to do fix it, and here's what we can implement over the next 3060, 90 days to turn this ship around. And then you're going to guide me through that. We're going to get it done. I'll put in a bunch of the work. I'll have team members put in the work, but you're there like guiding and making sure we don't lose track and are on track. And then we'll get and then we'll get to that in 90 days, I'll start feeling better about the sales. And then you're going to say, well, you're probably going to tell me that there's this thing that I've been ignoring about the production manager that I'd known I had to fix, and my wife would tell me I have to fix and I just I dread. I have a knot in my stomach about how to fix it, and I know you're going to talk to me about that. I'm just really afraid. I'm afraid of looking I'm afraid of I'm afraid of of looking like a jerk for firing the guy because he's he's my my he's my cousin, but, but, man, it's not working out. And I know I have that. I'm afraid of looking to you as, like, stupid and incompetent, because surely a business person would be better at this. Like, like, like, this is really revealing my flaws, that I haven't fired the guy, but I know I need to. It's not working out, but you'll actually come in, you'll understand the situation. You won't just say, I just fire this stupid guy, like it's just about the numbers, like you're going to help me dig into the situation and understand, oh, so there's family dynamics, relational dynamics, there's emotional dynamics on your end, and you really do want to help the guy, and you're going to help me sort through, how do I deal with these feelings of guilt that I have for that. Do I keep him one for a time? Do I give him notice? Can we put some performance metrics in place? You'll actually help. Help me come up with a plan that we could we could lay out tactically and say, look like you really need to be doing these things, and we're going to keep track of it and figure out where we're going. And if not, it's not going to be the best place. This is. The place for you and and, and if I want to go the extra mile, and, like, I don't know, point him in some directions that he could go, you're actually going to let me do that if I decide that's the right thing for me to do. But, and it's, it's going to be, I'm probably going to, I know I'm going to fight you, and I'm not going to want to hear what you have to say, but you're not going to look down on me and think I'd be a snob about it. You're, you're going to walk with me through that. And I can see that if I actually did this, man, it looks big, but if I get to the other side, I would feel so much better. And like, I really feel like it needs to happen. It's just, this is like, it's like, the this is, this is the the the mouth full of of broccoli that I have to it's like I have to stuff my mouth full of broccoli and try to find a way to chew and swallow it without drinking any water. But I get that. And so you're saying you can do all of that, and you can do this without, not saying we won't have misunderstandings, but you can, you'll do that without making me look stupid, and and you'll actually figure out a way that's reasonably priced so that. And I know you're expensive, but like that, you can actually expect to make money off of what I spend with you. And actually, things will actually change. And like, there's still a little bit of a chicken line, and I'm a little scared, but I think, I think I could see, I think I could see what you could do and and if you can actually, if you're actually willing to work with me and explain things that need to be explained, like I really think I could give this a Shot. Maybe I should book a call with you. I

Speaker 1  1:06:44
man, you saying it beautifully, like I feel like I can't do any better than you. You're even saying it, yeah, out of curiosity, have you spoken like this before? Or is this kind of a because I get to ask the dumb ass questions you're saying this kind of in this way?

Matthias Miller  1:06:59
No, you forced me. So here's what you got. You feel like you feel like you failed, but here's what you got. I've had a lot of people tell me about the common man, or not about the common man. I've had a lot of people tell me about the 40 chest, and they're trying to describe me, but we spent an hour and 15 minutes drilling in onto my expertise, and then, and then, and I could, I don't know how to describe it, I could feel the disconnect with the common man. And so that was very, very short, compare and contrast. No, I haven't, but you gave me a way to step into looking at life in the lens of the common man and marketing from that point, and I also could have done that sitting in front of a keyboard like that was very much a channeling experience in emotion. I

Speaker 1  1:07:51
really feel good about how you were speaking to like that first kind of there was just something that, as you I just to be transparent. I get a weird sort of thing where I get the hair standing on the back of my thing when the right thing comes out, and, like, I don't always know what to do with it right away. And I feel like that's kind of like my flaw, because I want to do that Perry Marshall thing where you say the thing, and, you know, so impressive. And, but there's, there's, I guess, what I like about what happened is it you're a tough nut to crack for me, because it's so much. There's so much more to it than you know. You know some woman that I meet that does dream work or something like that, but hearing you retell your story over and over again, and hearing it get better and better, it feels like there's a way that you were especially explain it towards the end that I'm I can't wait to snip it up tomorrow and send it to you, hopefully by Monday, because my, I think my biggest goal is to have you hear it yourself, say it in that way as well, because there's this, almost this, like proof that you, it's not me, it's you that's saying it in your way. And one thing I've had to tell so many people is that I can't possibly write cop. I can't never become a good enough copywriter to write better than you can just shoot the shit, essentially, but we've just got to get that shoot the shit captured to prove the point. Anyway. I can keep going right now, but I also want to let you go. If you've got other stuff to do with your life,

Matthias Miller  1:09:32
I don't want to. I know you have a life, and I know it's it's late there, so I I'm happy to go as long as you, as long as it's productive and it's good for you. I'm fine doing that. I

Speaker 1  1:09:44
Something feels good about almost wrapping there. I don't want to kind of necessarily try and milk the cow over milk the cow, so to speak.

Matthias Miller  1:09:52
I think you're right, but

Speaker 1  1:09:55
I'm so glad I was so close to not hitting record, damn it. I'm so i. I did, I did. I did actually pray before this one that, you know, I do all the right things because I knew you were I, I had read your document. I was like, Wow, this guy's doing more than, you know, I usually encounter, but, yeah, it's i There is very much. I did have a client that did 10% of what you did. But before, like, you know, he was, he was a sort of systems guy. He works kind of automation, click up and whatever, but he just, he didn't what, I guess, what I feel with you. There's a feel, felt sense of like, if, if I can get you talking like that, somehow, there's this sense that I, I feel that sense of trust, you know what I mean, like you're you're a pilot. That pilot trust that you have when like you want, if you know that your pilot, like for your commercial plane, used to be an F 16 pilot in the thing and has that, you know, there's that feeling of like safety that you feel, which is what I feel if I had a business that makes sheds or whatever, if my ego is not getting in the way, because that's obviously Wow, a big part of the the the challenge with, I've seen his business is that you've, you know so much that you're you need to duck and weed through people's egos in a sort of particular way. But if I, if, if we can get past that, you've, you get that, you're in my corner, and we can, you know, like, do a lot together. And it's, it's kind of that, I think Perry Marshall has got a little bit of that in his own way, in the marketing, you know, sense in in that. But you know, you don't feel Perry ish to me, you feel kind of, I hate using the word systems for you, because it just feels too reductive. Mean, like it's, it's, there's, like a, what's that word they use emergence, like emergent, emergent properties, emergent systems. Like there's a, there's a, I don't know if you've familiar spiral, do you like spiral dynamics, or any of that sort of stuff, or you're not into it,

Matthias Miller  1:12:07
there's so many avenues I haven't fallen into. I probably, I might, if I fell into it, they just haven't. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:12:14
so Spiro, I mean, you know Ken Wilber at all? He's like, he's a Colorado guy, okay, so, I mean this, this might be a bit getting a bit out there, but Ken Wilber Spiro, look up. I can look it up for you. AQ, Al, so Ken Wilber took the spiral dynamics model and he applied his own thing. I'm just kind of applying this to you right now so that there are these people that walk around at different levels of development. And it's a this. This model is an incredible model to be to use. It's sort of like a different it includes personality structure, but it also people get really angry. So I'll just start at Green right here. This is you'd like this. So like, go ahead, keep going. Yeah. So green, right here is the, these are the guys that are kicking up a stink about everything in the world right now that, like they're the everyone's inclusive, or the inclusive thing, or the sort of dei comes from green. Whether it's good or not, it's there's probably some good things, there's some frustrating things, but the people making a lot of noise about no one's being included, and this and that and whatever. You're not sitting here. You're, you're kind of sitting like, likely, right, sort of, you always have an entrance and an exit. But like, there's these, this sort of integral. It's like, integral people this. So this white line here is what they call, like, where you you jump to what they call second tier. And they also say that this model itself is psychoactive, meaning that once you know the model, you can there's a sort of component to it, that it's it, it integrates itself, in a sense, and you're, you've got this sort of right here, you can see all of the systems in place. You could probably and you can talk to all of these other levels. So this, this white line, means you've now integrated. They call it transcendent. Include, it's, you've now integrated all those levels. You can see it from a bird's eye view, and you can rearrange the pieces, kind of as you see fit. It's, there's whole books about it. I'm like, I'm it's hard to do a 10 minute thing about it, but like they do say that when you are sitting at what they call integral, which is everything above second tier, that you can speak to every other level, at their level, so which is also something that'll like. So if you're at Orange you really can't speak to you can boss like, whatever this is, like, my screens on red, so I'm actually seeing this thing that's blue. Yeah, you can speak to blue, but you're bossing blue around, you know, blah, blah, so, and you know, you can chat GPT. This just probably give you a good thing. And then there's also the quadrants. Model is Ken will. Was particular thing where you, you the I, it's we, it's that actually should be, say, you, they're like, I, you. So that's it's on the left side is interior, so it's I and we, so my internal experience, and then culture, internal experience on the right side is external. So this is behavior, and then this is external kind of systems. The reason why this aqua model exists, is because it sort of integrates all these different like Eben Pagan used to teach this. I don't know if you like or know that guy, but he's like another Perry Marshall ish kind of marketing figure. Anyway, I just thought I'd throw that in the mix if you want to play around with that. But actually, yeah, the chat GBT is probably the best, the best to throw in the actual integral spirodynamics. You could just say no those names, and just probably get it out. But what, yeah, what I'm hearing is the, the actual difficulty is, is, like most of the people that are the most competent in the world actually are sitting at this kind of integral, sort of second tier level, but it can be very hard to communicate what the hell that is, because you're probably going to be talking to someone more sitting in an orange perspective, which is, they're in a business, you know, and if you that, they're, they're trying to make money, they're they're thinking about sheds, they're thinking about this. They're not thinking that higher level and and if you know that, I mean, there can be an advantage in just you learning this right now, where, if you know that you are sitting here and they are sitting there, which is it's likely that they are then, I mean, America are a very sort of orange centered, But like green transition country right now, like you're probably the highest kind of level of development for everyone. Australia is like five years behind, so we're starting to get all the kind of dei stuff kind of affecting us a lot, like my dad's. But a lot of people at his work that I you know shouldn't necessarily be there anyway. Sorry, I just, I don't want to bore you with all this stuff, but I hope this is a useful model that you can play with, because you be able to get your head around it. But yeah, that that definitely I've got this, that sense that I had, I was the pilot thing that I was talking about. It was, it was this, this way, sorry, this way I got there. Because it's like, when I encounter kind of other people sitting at this level, it's like, you're like, Okay, you you see the landscape. You see the forest for the trees. You see the thing. You also know what to do. You also know kind of how to communicate. You know, like, it's not just you know what to do, it's you know what to do, and you know how to communicate it in a way that isn't going to rock the boat too much. And you're also aware of, like, all the you know, little ways that, like, if you say something in the wrong way over here, or if you fire a salesperson over here, and that's the kiss cousin of the dude there, like, then the wife's gonna have that. That is what I would call an integral perspective, anyway, so I hope that's somehow useful, yeah, but yes, it's, I

Matthias Miller  1:18:03
find it very interesting that the pilot perspective, I think also there may be this, this fear there. I think there is this fear of, like, Am I just going to get frameworks? Am I just going to get stuff slapped, you know, like, I would just follow this five steps, like, and is there actually, will actually have input into the process, or is he just gonna railroad everything, or is he not going to be directive enough? So, yeah, well,

Speaker 1  1:18:33
and model is in it's, you know, like a very simplified version of it is when it's like, let's say you're in 2d and a ball comes into your veed ball comes into your thing, you're only going to see a circle. And you know, like, in the same sense, you are thinking at a higher level perspective than these people can even conceptualize. And so, like, what you just said, Am I just going to get a bunch of frameworks like they might if, if you are unaware of like them getting the I mean, obviously you're not, but like, if you're aware of what they can actually see, then you can tailor, I mean, this is now back to marketing, but you can now tailor it so that they can still get that sense of trust from you. But you know they're never going to be able to see. I think this may be, to be honest, this may be your core marketing problem. You see from a perspective in in a somewhat like they call it as a holarchy, not a hierarchy, but because you're seeing from a higher level perspective, that challenge is actually going to be, how do you show someone from a higher level perspective that literally is got, you know, years of development in order to be able to see that? Perhaps they'll never be able to see it, because you just have that perspective. How do you communicate it to that in that way that they're going to be able to, like, just, it's going to be digested? And, yeah. Anyway, yeah, I'm, I'm really excited to if you would like to book whatever sessions you want, because I, like, literally won't get to talk to people. I live in Tasmania. Man, there's nothing here. Fair enough. Antarctic is the next stop. And, yeah, is there?

Matthias Miller  1:20:18
Is there any chance you could shoot over the recording as soon as you're done and we could, and I could start playing,

Speaker 1  1:20:28
yeah, the whole one, yeah, the whole recording, yeah, yeah, cool. And that'll

Matthias Miller  1:20:32
be in touch. We're going to, I'll chat with Audrey this morning, and we'll kind of sync up on where we're at this.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai