Speaker 1  00:01
The problem that I spent the last five years trying to solve was figuring out how to fall in love with the process. And not just figure out how to fall in love with the process but how to deal with barriers that keep me from falling in love with the process. I think the difference between my approach to life with vision, vision and goal setting versus most people's, most people will set out the vision that they want to become. And they will, they will use something like the morning formula to keep that in front of them. My preferred method is really comes down to, asking God to take what's on his heart for me. And what he's designed and intended me for, and allowing him to write it on my heart. Here's the difference between the heart and the mind, that when, when that your, your heart will always lead you in places, even though your mind is being assaulted, and so when you know in your heart that this is where God has called you to. Even though you may experience mental assault on that calling it is written on the bedrock of your heart. And this is something that cannot be shaken. And this is where so many people fall short in terms of vision setting. I don't know how to set vision. I'm not that good at setting vision, times I've tried it, it's failed miserably, but what I am good at, and I'm becoming better at is hearing from God and listening to God what his heart is and what his what is hardest for me and aligning myself with that. And rather than crafting my vision, in order to serve Me. I am allowing myself to be subjected to a vision that is greater than my own. And I'm allowing myself to be led by the one who is the vision. He has not only the vision here he's not only the author of the vision, but he has the vision himself. So this is a fundamentally different perspective, I'm convinced that this skill set that I have to be able to fall in love with the process is the exact same skill set that will set me apart 510 1520 years from now. And then when people look back at me. I may not recognize that they may not recognize it but one of the things that we'll look back on and say, is that because I was able to fall in love with the process. This was the, this was the Gordian knot that I was trying to solve. This isn't an issue of market. This isn't an issue of marketing it's not an issue of strategy. And in some ways it is an issue of mindset but it's even deeper than what most people will go with mindset, because it really is if you can develop this core toolset that allows you to fall in love with the process. Then, all of these things can fall into place, it doesn't matter, it's just a tool that you pick up, but if you're, if you're dependent upon the tool that you pick up to be in love with the process if you're dependent on your situation or in your environment to be in love with the process. If you're dependent on how well things are going or not going to be in love with the process if you're dependent on all of these things. If you're dependent on these other things to fall in love with the process, you will always, always, always, always be fighting against yourself is the root of self sabotage the root of self sabotage is the inability to fall in love with the process and fall in love with the journey, and if you allow yourself to fall in love with the process and fall in love with the journey, you will allow yourself to be free on this journey of getting where you need to go. Most of us hate, we have so many, so many different barriers to falling in love with the process. We hate the failure we hate the pain we hate the pressure we hate the unknown we hate the we hate the work that we have to do we hate the fill in the blank, all of these things. And my only key. And most people some people would scoff at me for making this simple but my only key has been learning how to turn these things over to God and learning to walk with Him in these things, inviting him into my messes in my questions and all of these things, and by doing so, I have lightened my load. And I have found a place in which I can press in and falling in love with the process. I found a place where I could rescue in the middle of all of my messes all of my mistakes all the hopes all of the dreams all of the fears, all of that. I fallen in love with progress I fallen in love with growth I fallen in love with connection with him I fallen in love with connection with others. I've fallen in love with. In all of these six, and all of these things, the sum of which means falling in love with the process which means that I am on a journey that is sustainable for myself personally, it's not just sustainable financially it's not just sustainable Emotionally, it is sustainable in a holistic level, that whatever I do, is absolutely 100% Positively sustainable. So, this is one of those things that I think, I think I may actually be under estimating I think people around, around me may actually underestimate I think it's actually a huge key in why some people succeed and why some people don't. And most people. For me, again it's just going back to my story but I've struggled so long to get to the root of what it takes to actually fall in love with the process, and there was this knowing and this hunger, and I was not one of these people who stumbled upon this ability to fall in love with the process, magically, it was something that had to be carved hewn just like just like, just like Michelangelo carving out the the statue of David, out of this rough marble rough rock. This is something that had to be hewn out of my life one chip at a time one hammer blow at a time, and it was painful it was challenging, it was unclear at times, but the thing that's emerging as a result of this is an absolute force to be reckoned with. Because when other people grow weary, when other people grow tired I will not, because I have found the source of strength and the sources of strength is not just mental. It's not just physical, it's not just emotional. It is also spiritual. And I might add, it's not just spiritual it's also physical, it's also mental, it's also emotional, all of these things are playing together and when you have a source of strength that feeds into who you are. And again, I'm going to be real, it's not the things don't get real, it's not the things don't get challenging, that's not the issue, things are hard things get hard, we have unknowns we have things we don't even know deep know how to deal with. That's, that's fact, and that's life. The difference is that I've fallen in love with the process of learning how to move past that. And I've got people in my corner who are helping me with that. And that makes all the difference. So, there you go, falling in love with the process, sustainable momentum unstoppable force whatever you want to call it mindset identity, productivity, momentum, filling. There it is. Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai