Unknown Speaker  00:00
Okay.

Matthias Miller  00:03
Yeah, so happy to answer any kind of questions you've got or what you about the true point to point backyards? Customer Success Manager

Speaker 1  00:18
listing that was yes. Yeah, sure. So, yeah, so I applied it looks like you guys are located in North Carolina. Right? That is correct. Virginia. Okay. Yes, you're based in the area. Okay. So it sounds like you're wanting somebody on the East Coast is that the primary customers or primary customers

Matthias Miller  00:40
are in the east coast, there's other locations, partner companies, Indiana and Ohio that we want to expand to as well. Okay, doesn't doesn't have to be somebody in those regions, except that in this particular case, it's an Amish own company. And so all of the all of all of these employees need to be need to be handled through an employment agency. And the employment agencies only registered in the handful of states that we, that we listed there. So okay, got it?

Speaker 1  01:15
And is this a new position? Are you just looking to fill from somebody who left

Matthias Miller  01:20
it is a new position. So to clarify a little bit more, we have a we have dealers across across the state, we've been generating online leads and have surplus, significant surpluses of online leads. We've, we have a process for handling these leads. And the dealers who have played the process for that have done quite well with these online leads. However, there's, there's other dealers that the nature of, of phone versus in person is is a bit different. Typically, the people who are online, they're slightly less chatty. And it's almost more like you build, you build a relationship by doing business together instead of doing business because of the relationship if that. But it's a little bit of a different persona. So we're really wanting to, we're wanting to build out, build out the phone sales. And when we want to do it in a non commissioned basis, because we really value customer experience. And we want to optimize for customer satisfaction from start to the end. And we think this is a way that we can find self motivated people, this is a way that we can create a healthy culture for them, and also provide a great experience for them.

Speaker 1  02:49
So is this role more sales than customer support? Because I think it's so my background, I mean, the past five years I spent working for a healthcare education software company. So basically, you know, it was our software, and then our clients were medical schools and allied health schools. So like, we had 25 to 30 medical schools of our clients at a time. And each of those schools had three to four super users. And so I was in charge of, I basically led the client support, basically our helpdesk. So it was like people who had already gone through the RFP process, they had already signed up to use our software platform, so I wasn't necessarily doing sales. Is it something that I can do? Sure. I guess I'm just curious. It sounds like more sales are needed for this particular role, or is it? Are you also supporting current customers when they have questions, etc? How does that work?

Matthias Miller  03:54
There might be some support for current questions, you predominantly sales, but one of the reasons why we listed this listing in this manner is that we've had so non commissioned sales is is something that's becoming more common in the software industry. And we've seen in the auto auto and internet coaching, coaching industry, but it is not. It's not the norm. And because of that, we think we're actually looking for a different type of person, then who would can have a conventional sales background, and we find that a customer support customer service, possibly even coaching or advising, or possibly even in some slices of it, therapist therapy and counseling, that some of those types of personalities are actually better suited to this then soliciting it as an outright sales job because it is it is structured.

Speaker 1  05:06
Yeah, quite a bit differently. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And yeah, that makes sense. And I saw, I guess one of my other questions is, I didn't go too far down the rabbit hole researching. Just because I wanted to have an initial chat first. Just I guess, how long have you? Has the company been around? What's, you know, are you is? Are you all stable? Or, you know, do you have investors? Or is it? You know, are your sales covering everything? You know, like, I guess, where are you? financially? If, as much as you could share? You know, I understand you can get into the details. But, yeah, I think it's sure. It's

Matthias Miller  05:55
because these are, these are homage clients, I'm actually, I am actually a consultant working on behalf of these clients. We've helped them build out a substantial end to end ERP system, and and they are they've been in business. Oh, goodness, I don't really know they've had a good number, I'm gonna say it's at least 10 years. And revenue is certainly well above it's, it's well above startup. established businesses, because, because of Amish, because they are Amish, because of can be similarly religious beliefs around them, they do not have outside investors. So it's all private, privately owned. Okay. Okay. Go ahead. But it's also not, you know, you also have, clearly it's not this than that nationwide brands that you see in homes, Home Depot and Lowe's. It's not at that scale.

Speaker 1  07:10
So who are they who is the main market towards the individual homeowners? Is it the other companies,

Matthias Miller  07:20
it's the individual homeowners. So what we're seeing a lot of, especially in Charlotte, and similar types of areas, are people who have some kind of remote work opportunity. And, and there's, there's quite a few people that are looking at this for either a small business that they can that they can put in or office space. Or, and so it's basically a tiny home shell. We're not licensed to sell tiny homes, if people will buy it as a shell and finish it out. And then there's also just other people who have storage needs. We have a lot more we have a motorcycle, we have a car we have, we just don't have enough space. And that's all those. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  08:09
That makes sense. Yeah. So I guess my other question was, since it's non commission, it looks like a seller was 60 to 80. And add is more of my starting range. So I guess I just want to just kind of come right out and say like, what is the probability of it being a starting rage on the higher end versus the lower end? Just because the higher end would be closer to my minimum minimum, if that makes sense. So yes, it

Matthias Miller  08:40
does make sense. Well, I think I think that's just a conversation. I appreciate you being transparent about that. I one of the reasons. Sorry, let me answer your question directly. And then a little broader, broader scope. I think that's just a conversation, we have to take back to the owners and say, Look, if we're, and they told as much themselves, I set myself I said, you can you can get much higher quality people, if you're willing to raise, raise the rate at which you pay them. And I mean, disproportionate to the amount of what you're going to pay them. So it makes very good business sense for them to say, well, we're for great talent. And I think this is just a conversation we have to take back to them and say, here's this candidate, and realistically, like this work, are starting rate should, should be. I guess, what I'm hearing you say is you're really looking for range 80 to 100. Starting at least, you know, closer to 80. And the opportunity to go up from there. As you as you prove yourself.

Speaker 1  09:53
Yeah, yeah, that's that that would I would feel more comfortable with that. And and then I saw I read. I'd have to go back through

Unknown Speaker  10:05
that it like, Are there any benefits? I thought I saw medical dental? Yeah, you know that offhand? I'd have to look it up again.

Matthias Miller  10:19
arrangement, I believe is that can be the employment agency pays half of mental medical, dental and vision. That's sorry. Medical.

Unknown Speaker  10:33
Yeah. Saturday, I hear yes.

Matthias Miller  10:41
My understanding is they pay half I could get you the more specific. Just confirm that with with recapture a person,

Speaker 1  10:54
would they consider paying more than half for just individual? Like, for instance, the last company I was at five years, they paid 90% of my individual, which was very close to 100%. I always laugh about like, I couldn't quite make that. But, you know, it was helpful. You know, it definitely it definitely made a difference. How expensive, you know, medical insurances now, so, yeah. Oh, that would be one. One other thing I would, I would ask about and also retirement, I want to know if there was any of that.

Matthias Miller  11:40
I'm not, I'm not aware that there is any retirement. Okay. Would that be? I don't know, if you had to rank from, I guess. How important is that to you? Is it something you'd be? I mean,

Speaker 1  11:57
it. I mean, I have IRA that I can contribute to on my own, but it just would, it would shift kind of like, you know, he would definitely be the absolute minimum in terms of if there's no, even partial retirement match. You know what I mean? So, yeah, so it's like a go up on that a little bit, then that would maybe, you know, help with being able to contribute. So, yeah.

Matthias Miller  12:27
Is there a retirement match amount? If that's what you'd be looking for? Did you have?

Unknown Speaker  12:38
I mean, my dog is I'm sorry, you asked if there was a Mac?

Matthias Miller  12:47
Yeah, or like, I mean, my understanding is that frequently with retirement account matching that will match up to will either contribute X amount or match up to up to why.

Speaker 1  13:02
Right. Like, if if they matched $200 a month? Or if they they matched up certain percentage? I don't know, I guess it would be it would be, it would be good to know if they would be willing to do something in that regard. As opposed to not offering that. So. Yeah, yeah. So I would I would want to know about that piece

Matthias Miller  13:26
also. Yeah, totally. Yeah. Okay. Makes sense. Great.

Unknown Speaker  13:33
You have any questions for me or?

Matthias Miller  13:37
I don't? Well. You know, as I mentioned, this is we are breaking the norm a bit in Yeah. what we're, what we're doing here. And I'm always interested in hearing from, from, from the job seeker perspective, I think your questions have been phenomenally helpful for me as well, in clarifying what we haven't, because it's unproven, what we haven't been sure of is, is regarding the 30 day trial to kind of give a chance for both parties to experience experience that I understand if you're leaving a position for this that that becomes could be could feel like a substantial risk. And I'm curious what your thoughts are on on the new trial.

Speaker 1  14:34
I mean, how does that work exactly is that you're hired at whatever the offer rate is salary. So you're, you would be getting paid the equivalent during the 30 days correct with benefits or is it after the 30 days and the benefits would start like how does that

Matthias Miller  14:57
work? That's also Good.

Speaker 1  15:02
Yeah. Would because not having, like the coverage can like you can get, you know, they charge you for your taxes if you don't have the health insurance coverage, you know what I mean? Like if you have a lapse now, so that would be something that would be good to know, for that trial period. I guess my other questions are just more like what platform do you use? Like I've used various Help Desk platforms, is there no help desk? Are you primarily on the phone because like, I guess I'm used to, like we would integrate. We use Zendesk, we use Zoho, I briefly use JIRA. But primarily, I've used them desk and Zoho, although, you know, a lot of them are very similar. And so we would have the chat on and then people would put in tickets with their questions. But this is more a reaching out role. It sounds like so it's more of a contacting people in that sales role, is that correct?

Matthias Miller  16:14
Yeah. In as far as, as the platform itself, there's a handful of retail solutions in the in the shed industry for this, but in this particular case, they've developed pretty much the entire system end to end, my background is in software development, reading, writing software used by banks and insurance companies, and then went off on my own working with and partnering with my brother working with with companies like these. So the basic CRM, basic workflow, people will see an ad and everything and fill out a form detailing a little bit of what they're looking at. And they'll come into into the CRM. And we're in the process of rolling out and auto responder series. Oh, nice. Yeah, yeah, developed by a professional copywriter that, that hopefully. So typically, what you can expect in here is that it's about two weeks of interactions from first contact to them making a sale, if they're not quite ready to buy, there's a number of them that you can, you can warm up by putting them on the auto responder sequence, and they're learning more sets or having their questions answered. And then some of those will get within those two weeks, and then go from there. And so the so you would have these leads coming in into the CRM. And one of the things, one of the things I would like to see happen is, is some text message automation and things like that, going out as well. And doing what we can do, to qualify leads as much as possible, but and, to that point, that's one of the reasons why I want I'm particularly interested in having somebody who is great with people, but it's also process minded, that we can, who's got an eye for those types of things as they're, as they're going through it. But as it stands now, it would be a matter of Yeah, trying to call them back, sitting sending text messages, through through VoIP line. And, and try to get ahold of the of the customer, what we really want to do is give a call back within the ideal timeframe is within about five minutes of them reaching out to be able to give them a call back. While that is still fresh, and and starting the conversation from there, it's a matter of tracking follow ups and just staying in touch with with the with customers needs. We do have

Speaker 1  19:11
and how are how is how are they tracking it now? Like you said, the CRM system, what system are they using? You know,

Matthias Miller  19:18
it's a custom CRM that they've built that integrates into the back. Back end ties. Yeah, okay. The lead lead has ties that all the way from all the way to the manufacturing side and

Unknown Speaker  19:34
I see lead to sales.

Matthias Miller  19:37
Delivery. Okay. So it's, it's super basic, but if you know CRMs it's, I mean, yeah, no bells and whistles, but it's not like there should be a massive learning curve on it. Right. And then they do have a two dimensional they don't have a 3d visualizer they have Two dimensional visualizer that allows you to choose from common models and customize them in any way that that the customer would like. And then those can be. And then from that, that's, that's how you generate the quote.

Speaker 1  20:20
Yeah, that's helpful. Definitely. Yeah. So I think I think that was all my questions. Yeah, so I guess I don't I mean, I don't know if you can find out about the salary and the benefits and whatnot and maybe shoot me a text or, or or let me know, just what? What comes up that that would that might be helpful, too.

Matthias Miller  20:49
Yeah. Okay. Sit down. I don't expect an answer from the possibility of getting answered before Monday, but I don't really expect from before then as soon as they're

Speaker 1  21:02
great. Yeah, that sounds good. I appreciate your time. Definitely. In answering my questions. And yeah, it was it was. It was nice to learn more about the position. So appreciate it.

Matthias Miller  21:13
Awesome. Yeah, you're welcome. Okay, appreciate it. And

Unknown Speaker  21:18
take care you too.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai