Speaker 1  00:00
We previously, we previously ran our own data platform and had some different partners called intent.io. And we ran that for a couple of years we work with, you know, 200. Agencies, I'd say, and over 1000 Customers implementing first party data solutions, and you know, using external data as well. So b2b and consumer data and market data, same kind of stuff that you guys are doing. So, you know, as we're going through that process, we came across iOS 1415 update. And so we came up with a fix for that, you guys might have heard it called MRO or match rate optimization. But you know, it's really simply just assigning your own unique ID to someone visiting your page and sending that back to the app platform and harvesting that data yourself. So you know, all these things that you've probably already heard about a little bit, we've kind of, I would say engineered, or, you know, installed for quite a few companies over the past few years. And over the last year and a half, two years specifically have been working with people like Jeff and Luke to help them install essentially and their business so they can go do it for their clients. And so that's going to what we're going to talk about today is what that model looks like. And, you know, we've helped quite a few people build a really solid business around this, whether that be an agency bolting it on to their model or consulted, just going out and selling the data, you know, raw or selling the pixel raw, right. So I'm going to talk about a couple of different ways you can approach it, which is more what gun was, was trying to say, around, you know, really picking your lane and choosing how you want to position yourself in the marketplace, which, as Jeff and Luke will tell you is definitely like the most important part, because there's just so much to do with the data, right? So I'm not gonna go into the platform, I'm not gonna get into like any fancy web hooks, or any JSON code, or any of that stuff on this call, we will do other trainings and stuff on that. And I'm happy to answer all the technical questions of like, how to apply things to different marketing channels, so on and so forth. And you know, collaborate with you guys on that. So please, if you do have questions, put them in the chat, I probably already have a training on it. And if not, we're happy, we're happy to create that for you. That's kind of what this is for. But right now, as Glenn said, that's not what Josh and I and Glenn, typically do. We have our own program where basically, we just, you know, help coaches and consultants and agencies scale up. We do that in a variety of different ways. But, you know, our main offer is not necessarily data, however, we do use Jonathan's platform. So Jonathan, and we still use the same systems for our clients. And we still do teach some agencies, we still do teach some people how to do this stuff. So as Jonathan's getting everything up and running, you know, we're really excited about all the new features and know the pixel, the quality of the data, all that stuff, which is part of the reason why we partnered together. And so basically, what we want to do is just come in and help you guys skip a couple of steps, just because we've been doing it for a few years. already. We've already worked with a lot of brands and help them monetize and stuff. And I think we can answer a lot of questions that you might be having, and how do you just, you know, basically accelerate your journey of getting into the data space, understanding how you're going to apply it to whatever it is you're doing, and then turning that into dollars in your bank account, right? Because at the end of day, that's all that matters, right? So I'm going to keep it pretty practical today. And of course, Josh is here, as well. So I'll have him touch on models and pricing a little bit and kind of what we advise and best practices there. But I'll share my screen real quick with you. And just give you kind of an overview of what we're going to cover. And I know we only have, like 30 minutes or so I'm going to go pretty quick. But I'm going to share this document with you. I'm going to share all the mind maps. Any SOPs you see me share, I will probably fucking forget which ones I showed. So just remind me in the chat, and we'll get them to you, I promise. And I'm happy to share like anything we already have. Because as I was telling Jonathan, we've already built out a lot of stuff for a lot of, you know, platform situations, avatars, agreements, like anything you guys need. We're happy to share. So let me just share my screen real quick here. All right. Can everyone see this? This was just a little overview. Thank you. Yeah. Cool. All right. So so basically, it's a you know, just because it's kind of the first string actually, you're only moved this over to a different screen second. Looking through. Alright, so to start things up, I wanted to keep it really simple and just talk about, basically, you know, really what first party data is, what in market is how you need to be thinking about it going into the marketplace. Can you guys still see that? Make sure it's going the right screen? Yeah. That was good. Gosh, yes. Good. Okay, cool. All right, so we're gonna go over just first party and then market basic basics. So like, what actually is first party data, common misconceptions, a lot of people, you know, come in and and think that, you know, identity resolution is the same as just collecting first party data, and it isn't. So I want to talk about the difference between those two things just a little bit, so that you understand, you know, what you can tell a client and what you can and like what you guys have able to actually use and go out in the marketplace and monetize. And then we'll get into data monetization. So just a couple of different ways that we found that are highly effective for you know, if you're an agency, if you're a coach, if you're a consultant, and feel free to jump in the chat, and let us know, like what you are currently doing, that'd be awesome. I'd love to hear everyone's offer, what you're charging what you're trying to do, like, just jump in the chat real quick, that would be super helpful for me. And I'll walk through, you know, what we do what we typically teach, and then different types of avatars are probably going to come across. So I'm sure some of you have already encountered people that are real nitpicky about the data and want to know every fucking parameter and see every little thing before they make a buying decision. So we'll talk a little bit about that. And then we'll go through just some example models of pricing. Alright, so does everyone cool with that? Any questions? Specifically? All good one, I'm gonna just keep rolling unless you, you stop me. You keep rolling. Okay, cool. So first party data, let me just open this up real quick. So just to touch on this really quickly. All right. So I can share these mine routes with you, I'm going to kind of bounce back and forth between a bunch of them. But you know, basically, right now the biggest component that you guys have to work with, inside the Capitol audience platform is is the pixel and market data, right. And most of you guys are going to mark it and you're selling that takes or in some way, shape or form, maybe it's to increase, you know, the profitability of their ads, improve their ad spend, and the tracking, there's a lot of different ways to sell it. And there's a lot of different ways to market it. And I think the first thing to understand is, you know, as Jonathan has probably already told you, like, no one's ever going to be able to get you like 100% match rate, even five to 10% of like real people like actual, you know, for sure it's them. That's, that's huge, and like, nobody else can do that. So that's why we work with Jonathan. And I think that understanding that part, even though it's like, if you're collecting emails, and you're working with a b2b company, right, and it may be less than what they want, it's still going to be super value for valuable for them to be able to have that information. Right. And so the other side of that is collecting anonymous data. So I'm sure some of you guys have heard, you know, talk about CDP's, and things like that, and how to be able to collect just visits and events coming to your website and be able to send that back and forth out of platforms and then enrich it with identity, right. So that's a little bit more advanced, like we can do another training on that. But I think the most important thing to understand is like, there's really two things you're trying to do here, you're trying to get,

Speaker 1  09:03
like people to come to the page and build up remarketing audience so that you can improve people's match rates on whatever platform that they're on. But you also want to be able to give them the data to send elsewhere. So for example, like some people, like if you have a b2b client, they might want to add that person on LinkedIn or send them an email, or maybe they want to add them to Google ads, Facebook, YouTube, whatever it may be. Right? So out of baseline, that's kind of what you're trying to do. And then the other thing that you're trying to do is, you know, build a database of people that are coming to your site, either in like a Google sheet or somewhere that the client can access depending on how you're giving it to them, so that they are actually getting that ownership and control over their data, and they can retarget those people forever. Those are the two main things that you're doing so collecting and then activating those leads, right so out of baseline, you know, with the first party data aspect of it, that's, that's all you're doing. And then in market is a little bit different, right. So instead of looking at people coming to your site, you're basically getting, you know, people that are coming from other websites or searching other keywords, right. And then you're also getting that list of people, they may not know your brand. But you can also put them into all these same campaigns, like add them to LinkedIn campaign, add them to an email campaign, add them to an ads platform. And so the way that Josh and I explained it is like, you have the site visitor pixel for everyone that's going to your website, which is obviously just going to help you build up your own database. Again, you can add on a CDP, which for those of you that don't know what that is, is just a customer data platform. And it collects anonymous user data. So just think of it like your own Facebook pixel, right, you may not get their first name, last name and everything, but you're at least gonna get an ID that you can store. And then you can enrich it right with capital audience, and then you can send it to different ad platforms. So again, we could talk about that a little bit more. But typically, that's what you'd want to have set up if you have like a funnel, right. And then outside of that, if you're trying to generate traffic for an offer. And let's say that you're working with a company that doesn't have a lot of site visitors, right, they're probably going to need some data to help them get started, because they don't have anything to start with. And that's where the end market data comes into play. So the way that I like to explain it to people is, really what you're getting with in market data is you're, you're buying cliques in advance, right? So we're buying the clicks for you, and we're buying the impressions for you. And then you're getting that list. And then you can go sell that for people to use for advertising. But you basically skip that first impression, or you skip that first click, right. So by proxy, it's just going to make the cost lower for them. So again, two different products, right, not everyone needs in market data. And that's one of the like, I know, not really filling out this document very well. But that is one of the common misconceptions, and everyone needs and market or keyword base, whatever you want to call it. data, right? If they have enough traffic coming to their site. That's usually good enough, right? And you can just go up with pixel, okay. And so, you know, you're not ever going to get we're going to get 100% resolution. And then, you know, nothing's ever going to be 100% validated, right? So we can get pretty close, and Jonathan's doing a great job of starting to validate emails, but there's always gonna be people changing their emails. And the reason why is like, if you think about your own emails, you probably have five or six, right, so the only way someone could possibly keep up with all of them, at one time is if they're collecting every new email address you ever fucking make as you make it, which is just impossible. Right? So typically, most people and the reason I noticed is because, again, we had our own platform, I was super organized six to 12 email addresses. So it takes a lot of data to actually do that. And so that's why it's taking some time to get that going. But to be honest, like, there's not, like, we've used every other platform out there, there's nothing better than what you guys are using. So as far as being able to produce results, so that I think that, you know, that's really the two things that you need to know about. First party, and then market data, okay, so one on website, and then the other people that don't know you, and we just call that the shadow funnel, so people that are in the market, but they have no idea who you are. And we want to try to get them in the market and the market for your products and actually knowing about who you are. Alright, so just moving on to data monetization. Again, we're going to dive into all these specific trainings, I'm just trying to give you a baseline. So let's say we've got these tool, two tools in our toolbox, right? On one side, we want to be able to give people the ability to drive more traffic to the website with better quality audiences. Not everyone's gonna need that. And then on the other side, we want to help people get better tracking, be able to retarget people better, maybe via email if they're in b2b. And we want to be able to give them the ability to collect their own data, okay. And so generally, when you're going out to market, most people are going to fall and it's kind of goes hand in hand with the avatars, right? Most people are going to either be like, you know, a newer company and they have like, let's see Less than 10,000 and see less than 10,000 visitors, in most cases, or you're going to be working with, you know, a mid size company. And maybe they're like 10,000 200,000, unique visitors. And then you'll have larger companies, or E commerce companies that specifically run ads to run their business, which is, you know, like, again, for those of you that are in that world, you already understand this, like, they're gonna get a shitload of value out of the pixel just due to the amount of traffic they're getting, right, and it's not costing you any more to do that, which is great. So I would just count that as 100,000. Plus visitors like that category. Okay, now, you're gonna have some anomalies where people have like, a million visitors, right? And that does happen. So like publishers, very big E commerce sites, some of you guys may just have connections with really big websites, which is, which is awesome. One of the things that I've seen a lot of people try to do is monetize based on the leads, okay, and there's something I've seen, I'll ask about a lot in the chat, too. And I would just want to touch on that, because it kind of goes with all three of these things. So there's a couple of ways that you can do it. I mean, if you sell by the lead, the thing is, people, especially at the higher level, they're gonna check if it's valid, they're gonna check a visceral person, they're gonna try to call them, they're gonna try to email them, they're gonna actually use the data, right? And so it's not to say the data is not good. But most people that don't understand data, right are not going to give a shit if their sales team is like, hey, these people aren't picking up the phone, or, Hey, these emails don't work, right automatically becomes an issue. And so you don't want to set yourself up for failure by saying, Hey, I'm gonna give, like every contact record, I'm gonna give you I'm gonna charge you for it. All right. And so I the reason I say that is, because I've had a lot of clients do that, I've fucked up and done it in the past, and it really came back to bite me last, okay, the better way to do it, in my opinion, is to actually give them more of their site visitors and focus more on a licensing base model and the beginning. Alright, so if you're working with a client, let's just say we're working with a b2b SaaS company, they're at this mid range, right? Like they have a 50,000 site visitors, and they're starting to run some traffic, right, and maybe they're doing a little bit of outbound, okay, so they would be a really good person, for me to go out and, you know, pitch a site visitor, pixel two, because number one, you know, they're already running traffic, which is great. And they also already have people that,

Speaker 1  18:04
you know, I can start to send their sales team that are not opting in. So most people have about, if they're a gangster, they have like a 5%, opt in rate on their page, right? Most people don't even have that. So if we just do the math, right, 50,000, or let's just call 100,000 people, right? 5% are going to opt in. So it's 5000 95,000 loves, let's say we resolve 5000, good identities, and we can give that to the sales team. Right? If they can even convert 10% of those into something that's a huge lift in sales for them, right that month. And therefore the value of the pixel is much more than you guys are probably thinking and charging right now. Most people that I've seen go out in the market, and they charge like 750, or 1250. And there's nothing wrong with that, you can you can do that, just to get in the door and build a baseline of clients, right. But there's definitely a market there for you know, the three to 5k Mark, and that usually feels pretty comfortable for most people. And then the thing about the pixel is, once you get in, you start giving them identities, then you can start offering and I'll talk about this in a second is like if you are an agency and I'd love to know in the chat like which How many of you guys have an agency behind you or have a team that does something maybe it's you know, marketing, maybe it's ads, like let me know in the chat. And that would be helpful for me to know. Let's say for example, you get in there you sell in the pixel and then you just happen also do media buying well cool. Now that the pixel works, right, and you see that we know what we're doing. Now you can sell them into something else. Or you can do the reverse of pay. You're already running media buying for them, but this thing's going to make it way better. So hey, you should go ahead and buy this thing, right. So it may the value of the pixel is Really relative to how many site visitors they have, right? And then how good is their sales team out actually activating those leads? Do they have a proven conversion rate? Do they know what they're doing? Or do they not? Do they need your help? And so, you know, one of the big mistakes I see people make is like not providing the help, or fulfilling to help to turn prospects into leads. Okay, so just because they came to your website, I mean, that's, that's a good thing, right? But there's still actions that need to happen after that, okay. And whether that's you setting up fuckin automation flow right through email, retargeting them and saying, I can show you just like a quick example, some stuff that I've done in the past, like, send them something like this, right? No, I don't know how to make this any bigger, but I'm sure. So this is something that we use on our site, right? Like, if you want to send them an email like this, every time someone comes to their site, like, imagine me, I'm a software company, I get sold a pixel, but then part of that is on the negative email sequence where every person is gonna get followed up. And that gets sent to my, you know, STRS, inbox or whatever, right. And so that's where you started to get into Alright, actualizing the value of the data. And I think that's a big point that I wanted to make, like, you can go out and sell the data, you can go out and sell the pixel, of course, and there will be people out there that want to buy that stuff. But the real value comes from really diagnose and prescribing what they need, and then helping them activate the data, which is where I think a lot of you guys are stuck right now is like, Okay, I've got the data like, what, how do I like, tell them what to do? It's like, make sure they get value out of it, or like, how do I like, make it work? Right? And so that's, that's a great question to ask. And so this is where the monetization model kind of comes down to your skill set. Right? So if your skill set is consulting, and like telling them what to do, right, you want to, I mean, a couple of things you want to do is have, like, have a referral network, right. So if you need people to run ads for them that know what they're doing with the data, that's super important. And beyond being able to work with those teams or offering calls to work with our team, maybe you don't have to run the ads, but you can at least teach them what you're doing. Right. The other thing would be, you know, having a fulfillment partner. See, can't write here, or an arm of your business. Okay, so I'll give you a really simple example, a lot like I have a lot of clients that literally all they do is just they set up the pixel, they set up a web hook to Google Sheet, I'll just show you have a quick example. And again, I'll give you guys all this, if you want it, I really don't care. So we have a lot of clients that will just set up like a web hook, and push their data into a Google sheet. And then they pushed into a cold email platform, like limbless, or whatever you want it to go up, like, whatever platform they're using. And they literally just give their client that she and they just send out the emails, and that's their whole business model. And they sell that for three to five grand a month. Right? So no ads, no nothing. But like, they can give, like, if you give the client the leads, and they're running ads, they can also use it over there. Right? So it's benefiting them in multiple ways. And that's I think, the key is helping them understand how to make the most out of what you're actually giving them, and helping them helping articulate that value to them through the sales process. So they know what they're actually getting. Alright, so, you know, just going back to monetizing, right, so it really all comes down to what what what do you want to do? Why do you want to be running ads? If you're coming out of agency world, and you're like, Dude, I don't want to fucking run ads anymore. Or you're coming out of like, Alabama world, and you're like, I'm so fucking done doing b2b stuff, then then that's okay. Maybe go the consultant route, where it's just, hey, I'm gonna help you install this, I will help consult and do calls with your team on how to set it up. Here's some templates, right, which is a model that we ran for a long time. And, and that can be your business, right? And that's okay. Or you can go the agency route where it's like, Hey, I'm doing paid media or I'm doing outbound right. That's still my core offer. But here's my secret sauce, right? The site visitor pixel and market. Okay, so those are kind of the two paths that I would say and I'll just write that down. So Got one agency, which is more or less like fulfillment? Sorry, I can't talk and type. Oh. And as we are in market data, okay, and then path two is what I call like the consultant route. So you're referring, or you know, outsourcing. And then you're also bundling and site visitor and then market. Right. But you're more more or less consulting on the data. So like, you're thinking of yourself as like, you know, a data consultants. Okay. Now, it's important to choose one of these facts roll into that.

Speaker 2  25:45
Yeah, good. Absolutely. We're finding a lot of things Death and All and a lot of people building off of this in the area of number two, where you're kind of doing the data, getting people set up with their own account on the platform, at obviously, a reduced rate from what our retail prices are. That's why they're coming to you. That's why they're working through you, because you have that deal, that agreement to set them up their own account at whatever rate you decide on. And then essentially, giving them all these tools so that they can go out and generate their data. And we're going to have direct integrations with customer labs with the data, Miller instantly and Salesforce for the larger company. So they'll be able to, you know, and Google Sheets was just completed. So it makes all that really easy for them to get it. But we also just had a much larger company approach. And this has happened a couple of times, where the larger companies with in house sales teams are like, well, we needed some way to, you know, scrape, collect data and enrich it and get it into our sale system. So that we can do business development. So they're left on hatred, give us both data and more on, we want to get out there and find our own contacts, but we want you to enrich it and put it into our system. And so we just had a company moderncv actually approach us and they have a enhanced our outreach, prospecting, Chrome extension. So they actually do data and they laid off other people, but they're going to have a enrich the Chrome extension, so that it scrapes all of your LinkedIn contacts and imports it into one of your audiences. And then get them rich, and then get them to Salesforce so that they'll be giving it to their salespeople. So that they can go out and just do business development, prospecting. And so just doing the data consulting thing where it's like, I can help give you the tools that you need. And your to me to get out there and reach more people. And that's working. Love it. Yeah. So

Speaker 1  28:04
I know we're going to we only have 40 minutes, honors. So minutes left.

Speaker 3  28:10
Yes, we have, we're have three minutes left, because then we also have our next call. So that's why I've been like, flipping Okay. All right.

Speaker 1  28:18
All right. It's all good. I think we're covering most of it. So basically, I mean, it's, this really covers avatars, I'm having to do another training next week on the models and pricing. And I'll send through some trainings I already have. But I guess just since we only have three minutes left, to kind of wrap it up, in my opinion, there's kind of three variations of people that you're going to come across people that want to partner and do integrations, which usually take a long fucking time to pan out, honestly. So most of those conversations, I don't entertain as much data enhancement or enrichment. You know, that's something that you obviously can work with Jonathan to do. But it's not something that I would probably sell at mass scale and go market myself, right. So there's things that you can do for people and there's things that you go market and like hang your hat on, right? So data delivery and giving them a subscription to their site visitors or in market. That is what I would consider something that you should go after at scale, right? Because that's something everyone understands. And then once they get in, then you can do other show with them. And the last thing that I want to put in here is I think a lot of people will get stuck and like oh, I want to try this out like companies will say I want to try this out and I'll pay you on the back end or oh, I want to try this out. And if it decreases our CPA, then we'll give you a little bit of money or oh whatever right and then you end up doing it for free. You go in the hole or whatever. My advice is, don't fucking do that. It never works out. It's always better to charge a little bit up front, at least for a test right and and make sure that their shit is also valid. You did. And then there's someone you want to work with. And then their stuff backs out before you invest your own stuff. And especially when you're first starting, right? Because remember, there's plenty of people out there that do not even know that should exist. So it's a blue ocean out there, right? You can find people that will pay the money, like we have guys that charge five to 10k a month and have 100 clients just for the pixel loan to Google Sheet, nothing else. Right. And the value is literally just relative to what are they doing now? Are they are they doing ads down? Do they have a sales team that can activate? Do they not? Right, and what do they need in the middle? Right to bridge that gap? Okay, so I know I gave some examples of models and pricing throughout that. I've did a really shitty job of filling out this sheet. So I'll try to do a better job before I send it over. But I hope that was somewhat valuable for everyone. And yeah, I mean, I guess you guys let me know if y'all have any feedback. And of course, it will be on in two weeks. I appreciate you guys being here. And it's great to meet everyone.

Speaker 3  31:03
And so real quick, I am going to put this recording in the chat and then also the attachments that Chase has mentioned. And I have your questions. So I will make sure that they are answered either directly because some of them are easy enough. Or on our next call. All right, but thank you guys. We'll talk more later.

Unknown Speaker  31:22
These guys. Thank you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai