Unknown Speaker  00:03
You can do that.

Matthias Miller  01:12
Justin.

Matthias Miller  01:19
You guys say, call in, squeeze in, trying to squeeze in everything before the end of the year and everything wraps up.

Speaker 1  01:28
So got it so you're a little hard to hear. I think it feels. It sounds like your background is a little

Matthias Miller  01:35
bit noisy. It probably is. Let me. Let me try stepping outside where he's yellow, a little bit,

Speaker 1  01:43
okay, no worries. I mean, I can hear your voice is coming through, you know? It's just there's that little clipping on the beginning and end of each sentence.

Unknown Speaker  01:53
How are you doing? Well, then I

Speaker 1  01:58
don't have, I've said this before, but I feel like you have a really good podcast studio type background, like, I feel like you're, it's just my office, I know, but it has that look of like being designed for the background of a video podcast or something. It's a cool office, I guess is what I'm saying.

Unknown Speaker  02:19
Well, let's, let's see if we can degrade it somewhat.

Speaker 1  02:23
There we go. That's cooler. That's even better.

Unknown Speaker  02:30
Let's just we'll switch to the MacBook camera. We'll look at it from the side view.

Speaker 1  02:34
Now, we've got so many different materials. We've got glass blocks, we've got

Unknown Speaker  02:41
plate glass. That's

Speaker 2  02:43
really cool. This building is, I don't know how old it is. The last survey that was done on was 114 years ago. So I don't, I don't, it's probably built in the 1800s sometime. So the brickwork is always crumbling a little bit. I'm constantly

Speaker 3  03:03
creeping it up off the floor, and it's, it's a, yeah, it Yeah. Lots of nostalgia, nostalgia.

Speaker 1  03:12
I regret that I even know the word spalling. But we had our last house before we moved to Colorado. Our last Texas house was a, was a brick, external, unpainted brick. And so we learned all. I don't know if it's spelling or spalling, but either way, that that powdery, crumbly, you need to put something on top of your brick, or else it's going to go away. Well. And where are you again?

Unknown Speaker  03:35
Doing? I'm sorry I forgot what, Salisbury, North Carolina,

Unknown Speaker  03:40
cool. And Jonathan, where are you?

Unknown Speaker  03:43
I'm in the Kansas office.

Unknown Speaker  03:45
Okay, alrighty. Remember that,

Matthias Miller  03:52
right. Well, hopefully Justin, you survived the wins.

Unknown Speaker  03:59
Yeah. Thanks for asking. Look

Speaker 2  04:02
at this. Look at this guy out in his T shirt. Clear blue sky. Yeah, we're gonna hit

Matthias Miller  04:08
70 today. I mean, it's rough, but really, yeah, you should come down here, working here for a bit.

Speaker 1  04:15
No kidding, it is not going to be that here. I mean, we have that unseasonably warm week, but not 70. Our high is 55 so

Unknown Speaker  04:29
that's wild. All right, so Matthias, are you on a phone or a laptop right now?

Matthias Miller  04:36
I'm on a phone at the moment, but I'll just, I'll just tag along best I can I can pinch and zoom and whatever

Speaker 1  04:42
I was okay I was gonna say I'll move extra slow through any screen shares so you can pan around and just let me know as I need to go back. Yep. Awesome. Jonathan, how has so you are. You started looking through the figma and replicating I'm assuming,

Speaker 4  05:05
yeah, I haven't gotten very gritty about, you know, making sure everything matches perfectly. Haven't written much CSS yet, but it's been very helpful being able to see it and be like, Okay, we need only one page for the register screen, or, you know, because in my original stuff, I, you know, would count maybe different amounts of steps and for various things. But it's looking great. It's been very helpful to be able to go over and look at it.

Speaker 1  05:35
I have a UX flow document canvas, at least for the registration, login and forgot password, stuff that I'm happy to share as part of the turnover that really, yeah, I'll do that, and I'm going to do that for the rest of them. It was just that was the only section where I did it preemptively, and everything else, I've just been creating the canvases as I go. But it basically tries to predict every, you know, every step where it can go wrong, success and failure modes. So, in fact, here I'll show that real quick. I can, yeah, there we go. I don't usually do this in obsidian, but I've been, I've been playing with obsidian a lot lately, which is kind of a note or a markdown library, but it has a lot of cool features, like, apparently flows. So I'll share real quick. So something like this. If you can see it, where we've got the registration flow, you enter the email and the contract, or, sorry, the Email Plus account contract number either found or not found, if not found, what's our you know. So it's just a flow. So I'll finish this out for the rest of the site as well. All right, should we dive into the figma?

Unknown Speaker  07:03
Cool again. Let me switch over to the demo part, and I'm

Speaker 1  07:10
going to try to skip everything we've already gone over. So let me get past there. Okay, I'm

Speaker 1  07:24
all right, do you see the figma, which is too big right now? Let me make it smaller for everyone's benefit, but mostly Matthias, and get rid of the goofy frame. Okay, so once again, starting on the contract page, so I fleshed out the contract page quite a bit more, so I'll dive into first A on time contract. So a few of the things since we last talked that have changed. I mean, we added the make a one time payment and the change auto pay schedule buttons. I'll show you where those go, but also truncated the payment history to 10 With A View Complete Payment History button at the bottom, and added a column to just demonstrate for each payment. Was this part of an auto pay schedule, or was this a manual one off so it interleaves them into one table, but indicates which kind it was, by the way. Of course, this being a demo. You know, sometimes I'll, I'll follow a path to a page by clicking on this manual one. But I didn't mock up both a manual and auto pay detail screen because that's, that's not relevant. But anyway, View Complete Payment History. Now we get the entire table. I don't even, I mean, we can put a paginator at the bottom if you want to, because the point or made earlier, there could be 600 payments or whatever. But the point is, this is more than 10. This is 100 200 whatever we want to do here. Breadcrumb, let's us go back now I'll drill into an individual payment. There's not a, I mean, I don't know exactly what all information you would want a kind of payment detail screen. The main reason to have this is twofold. Number one, if you ever needed to link directly to it, now you have a entity you can link to if you can link to if you want to look at the detail for a particular payment. But also, of course, in the failure case, this screen is where we would and I'll show that in a moment where you get to handle failures, look at the detail of the failure, but also, download the risk, excuse me, download the receipt. So any other information that you wanted to associate with a payment. I just took a guess at things like payment ID, etc, etc, but pretty sparse. Aside from that, I'll go back to it's a little more interesting if you go to a failed or to an overdue, I should say so with overdue contract, one thing we do. Do is we, I suggest sort of really highlighting catching up with a one time payment on the overdue screen. On the other screen, these are, like the secondary to gray style of button, because it's there. You can do it if you want to, but it's not something we're trying to really draw attention to. But here we have overdue. We have how much is overdue? The action for catching up with a one time payment, payment history showing, I don't know if this is a real failure case, where you would actually let a auto pay fail four times in a row, but anyway, this is what's demonstrated here. You can drill in to each failed payment. And of course, main reason for this screen is to show, hey, this payment was attempted and failed. Here's where, here's here's when it failed. Instead of a receipt, there's maybe a transaction detail PDF. I'm not sure exactly what you would want to show here, but my thought is that the alert at the top of a failed payment, this is going to be very contextual. If the user has already resolved the issue, this would read differently, but let's assume they haven't resolved the issue that we've had four auto pays fail because the credit card was expired, but it's still linked to the auto pay schedule. So this is sort of a this, this audit, some error, gives actions and language customized for the current scenario. You would change the auto pay schedule. You could catch up with a one time payment. Catching up one time payment takes you to the same screen as if you had, sorry, let me back up a little bit, as if you had clicked here, catch up with a one time payment. Oh, that's supposed to link, but I'll get there again. This is, this is showing a make a one time payment screen for a non overdue but you can imagine this thing, of which 2000 thing, of which 2000 is overdue. But very simple, make a one time payment by entering the amount, choosing from the methods or choosing a new method. You know, choose, add a new method and process it back. Oh, sorry. Matthias, I just Just remember that you're on phone. Have I been

Matthias Miller  11:59
I'm good. I'm keeping up. It's fine, awesome, cool.

Speaker 1  12:03
The other direction you can take is changing the auto pay schedule. You can, of course, do this from any screen as well here, but sorry, I'm in the prototype weeds. I There we go, the auto pay schedule. You can go ahead and change. This is, again, some, you know, based on our earlier conversation, but we can take it with whatever, whatever direction we want. Here change the cadence, you know, of course, the day options change. If it was like weekly, maybe this was read, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, whatever. But the idea is you would be able to choose from the standard set of auto pay schedules, choose the payment method, or select Add a new payment method at the bottom and click save if the user was on a custom auto pay schedule. I don't have that linked in the interactive prototype, but I'll zoom in here real quick and show you what that looks like.

Unknown Speaker  13:08
If I can find there we go here

Speaker 1  13:14
with a custom auto pay schedule. Everything is disabled because we don't have the user accidentally stomping on it, but it tells them. Up top, you're on a custom auto pay schedule. You can contact support if you want to modify the parameters of it or replace it with a standard schedule, like decouple it from I thought that was a from in my notes. I had that as the only two options was request that that support change this, or, you know, throw it away, decouple it, but we can modify it, obviously. If you click Replace custom schedule, then you're into the standard interface.

Speaker 2  13:52
And presumably, from a backside standpoint, that would cancel any customs that were there.

Unknown Speaker  14:00
That would be my assumption as well. Yeah, because you're actually replacing it.

Speaker 1  14:08
One thing I didn't modify is having multiple auto pay schedules going at once, multiple independent schedules, so not a custom one that was real funky. But I want both a weekly and a monthly. I didn't have that in my notes as a as a possibility, is it okay?

Speaker 2  14:23
No, from, from the you, from the customer side, we want it to be fairly simple,

Unknown Speaker  14:31
perfect, cool.

Matthias Miller  14:36
So the only thing which I mean on the which you could almost do is, I don't know how you want to do it Justin, but from the if there are multiple admin created ones, figure out a way to show them all in a single screen.

Speaker 1  14:47
So that is possible to have multiple ad multiple admin created schedules running at once, not just one really funky one.

Matthias Miller  14:59
I. Mean, yeah, we do support multiple admin created ones, but only one user created one.

Speaker 1  15:08
Got it all right. I didn't have that written down. Then, yes, I will. That is going to be very easy to demonstrate, but I'll make a note.

Speaker 5  15:20
I is

Speaker 1  15:34
that all that's unique about a admin created schedule is that there can be more than one, or is it also, I definitely written down that the the rules for the auto pay cadence for admin, the admins can create can be very complex, can be more complex. So it's both things. They have more complex options as an admin. Or, I'm sorry, an admin has more complex cadence options, and they can create more than one. Okay, perfect.

Speaker 1  16:11
Okay, so I'll pause there, because we just went over a lot of contract related stuff. How is this? How is this looking and feeling? What am I missing?

Matthias Miller  16:36
The one note is that on the auto pay schedule, I believe for a customer initiated auto pay will enforce a minimum payment type, so you can't pay less than a certain amount, button, a respective schedule, but you can't pay more. So if you want to pay, pay faster. You have that ability and also on the one time payment. Do we need something like a Well, would you want to pay? I want to pay the outstanding balance, the outstanding balance, plus a month. I want to pay just a partial amount or a custom amount. We want those

Speaker 1  17:07
banking defaults on that, basically shortcuts for filling in the amount, right?

Unknown Speaker  17:18
Like that. A lot straight shortcuts for,

Unknown Speaker  17:24
can you repeat those? I mean, the full amount, obviously.

Matthias Miller  17:27
Well, Dwayne, what do you think makes sense? The the past due amount? I mean, another shortcut could be, I want to pay X number of months, 12345, you know, whatever the number is. I so

Speaker 2  17:50
I'm unclear whether we're talking about one time payment if there are past due, or one time payment if they are current, which, which, which are we discussing if they are past due.

Matthias Miller  18:01
Well, let's start with, let's start with past due.

Speaker 2  18:07
So in my opinion, the only way you should be able to set up an auto pay if you are past due. Okay, I am making assumptions here. I'm going to get disagreed with on this by depending on the RTO company. Boy, I'd like to make some flexibility. From the from the from the database side, from the admin side, to control some of this, because out of a conversation I had yesterday with a potential client, they're going to be way more they would want to be way more lax on requiring what it would you would require in order to set up an auto pay online. Here in our office, we would like to see you pay up the past due amount before we set you up on auto pay, because we don't want you to continually be in auto pay or in past due status while on an auto pay, whereas there's other individuals are going to be like, Man, you set up on auto pay. I don't care whether you're past due or not. So maybe some of this Matthias you and I should just sort of, I don't know, word game out a little bit, and before we try to nail it down here, okay,

Matthias Miller  19:17
well, one simple proposal is on the auto pay schedule, you have, basically have two options. One is, I mean, if you're overdue, it's two options. One just say, Hey, you can't do this. Go make a one time payment. Get caught up, or you show a warning and you say, by the way, if you set up auto pay, you might incur late fees on an ongoing basis on every month. If you don't get caught up. And I think back in the napkin approach that that could make sense of either of those options, but auto pay fundamentally is there is a minimum enforced payment. Well, there's a there's a there is an amount by which we know that you are not. Going to incur late fees if you pay at least as much. And Dwayne, do you think there are people who are here going to say, you want to make you want to pay less than the minimum and incur late fees by doing that?

Speaker 2  20:14
Well, part of me what RV wants to say is that we give if you are past due, we give you the option to do a one time payment and then set up on auto pay if you want to do something else, then you need to contact, contact the office and negotiate with a customer service rep they like. We have to at the at the bare minimum, we have to control scope on what a customer can do on their own, on on the on the on the portal. If you are going to contact the customer service rep and say, Hey, here's my situation, you can go through the story. You can, you know, you can negotiate with the customer service rep, and you can get set up whatever you want to. But from a like, you're on your own as a customer on the portal, I think we should limit it down to, if you are past due, you have to pay all of your past due rent before you can set up on some sort of reoccurring auto pay. I think that that, that, to me, feels like we can, we can broad brush this thing to keep it, keep the scope from just getting into the whole bunch of scenarios where we would try to encapsulate all matter of people's opinions about what they want to do with with an online portal.

Unknown Speaker  21:29
Does that make sense? But

Matthias Miller  21:31
it seems to me, fundamentally, auto pay is about, here's an amount that I'm paying monthly, and here's the default amount, like, here's, there's, there's, there's a default amount, and what happens whether the customer wants to go above or below that wool is to be determined, and what happens when they're overdue to be determined. But fundamentally, there's an amount we expect you to pay, and that's the default, and presumably there should be some allowance for paying more than that. Okay?

Speaker 2  22:01
It Okay, let's, let's look at this from the standpoint of a customer that is current. You can do, you can do monthly payments equal to or more than your monthly payment. You can do divisors of that monthly payment, say, down, you know, per week, or something like that. But it always has to math out to to equal a full payment inside of a period, or inside of a monthly period, if you want to, if you if you want to do you can always do more. You can do a weekly for you know, way more than what your monthly payment is. You can do a monthly that's more, but you can't do less.

Matthias Miller  22:44
Okay, So Justin, for the sake of our conversation, let's forget about what happens for overdue at the moment. And let's, let's focus on, on an auto pay, there's a minimum payment amount for each cadence that you have, and and then on the making an actual payment. Dwayne, do you want a set of defaults for, for what the payment amounts are like, the outstanding balance? If there is, do you want to be able to do a month multiple or just the Yeah?

Speaker 2  23:17
You're saying manual single payments by the customer for

Matthias Miller  23:21
main Yes, manual single payments.

Speaker 2  23:35
But I again, I really think that the rule of thumb should be if you want to do something outside of something outside of normal payments, you really need to contact customer support. Customer Portal should be there to be here, I'm making my monthly payment in full. If you're on a monthly if your account is on a monthly schedule, then you can't make less than the monthly payment. If you're setting up auto pay, you can do a less than monthly payment as long as the increment actually equals your your monthly payment. I don't think we should not allow them to be making less from an auto from a from a customer portal standpoint, you can't, you can't get yourself into a situation where you you go past due. If you want to do something like that, then you need to contact customer support to talk it through, so we can improve it.

Matthias Miller  24:27
So if you're making a one time payment, is it you have to pay a minimum of the past due balance? Yep. And then do you have an option to add on a month on top of that?

Speaker 2  24:39
Sure you can pay. You can pay more. You can always pay more.

Matthias Miller  24:44
So Justin, is there a world in which there's, there's, like, a past due amount that we would show and then let them choose the number of months they want to pay, which would could range from zero, if it's past due, to, you know, length of contract, remaining months of the contract term? Or it wouldn't even have to be that many, I don't know.

Speaker 1  25:03
So ask. I mean, basically saying I want to pay X number of months. That's a shortcut. That's not something that's not something they can't do on their own by doing math, that's just saving them the math, right? The actual, to me, the actual choices to give them is, you know, total ad hoc amount, with the minimum being the, yeah, minimum being the overdue, maximum being the contract length. The shortcut that makes sense to me is the shortcuts that make sense to me are overdue, amount, full contract amount. So there's like parameters, and there's shortcuts. And I would say the only shortcuts that I think it's worthwhile to complicate the interface by having are the overdue amount, the full contract amount. Well, the

Matthias Miller  25:47
full contract amount doesn't make sense in this case, because in that if you're paying, there's an early, early payout, or, yeah, early purchase auction and so, and I don't think we want to presumably, there should be a maximum Dwayne. I can't imagine you actually want to let people pay more than I mean, you can't. You don't want to let people pay more than the EPO, because that's a separate event contract event they should call

Speaker 2  26:13
I'm rethinking what I said. Maybe we should make this drop dead simple, and we can't. We don't let you put dollar values in. We give you buttons that say if you're past due, pay, past due, amount pay, past like and then once you've paid that, you can come back into your account and you can pay. You can click the button for pay, one month, pay, three months, pay, four months, pay, EPO like it, give them a number of of of essentially, increments. And we don't, we don't let you input dollar values. We're going to, we're going to calculate what that amount is. If you come in, say, pay one month, click, and then it's like, here's the dollar value, here's the anything outside of that, if you disagree with the amount, you contact customer support.

Unknown Speaker  26:57
Is that? Is that too simplistic?

Matthias Miller  27:00
I don't mind it, but that's a question for you and your team. I think so,

Speaker 1  27:10
Dwayne, you're imagining basically a series of radio buttons, perhaps, where it's like overdue amount. Well, if it's if it's overdue, then that's the only option, right?

Speaker 2  27:20
So what I was actually, what I was actually envisioning in my head is, is a button. Let's take the past due amount. It would say past due amount, and then the dollar value inside the button, and then, if you were current, one month would would say, Pay. One month would show the dollar value. Pay. Two months would show that that amount. So be payment times do pay three months. You know it's like each button would have the dollar value in, and we just let you select it. You know what?

Speaker 1  27:48
You're like, a donation screen or something like that. Like, yeah, exactly donate 50, 100,000 so there's no like or custom amount. It's all in. The Custom amount path is contact customer support.

Speaker 5  28:00
You This

Speaker 2  28:20
is one of those things where I could be opinionated about it and somebody's going to disagree with my opinion. So who wins? Mine wins

Speaker 2  28:33
human okay, we want people to be as eager to click a button as possible. Does does clicking a button make is that? Does it make you more eager to just Is that easier to part with your money than, say, inputting $1 value into a field, or having a pre filled dollar amount field where it's like, well, this month is doing that month is due and so check yes, check yes. You know, kind of a thing.

Matthias Miller  29:07
I would argue that that three choices is optimal, that if you put in a custom amount, it's nice to have advanced users, maybe we should have three options, yeah.

Speaker 2  29:18
But with a custom amount, Matthias, is then we had to figure out due dates, and what happens with due dates.

Unknown Speaker  29:31
You track it with what I'm saying.

Matthias Miller  29:34
No, I mean, we just have to tell them what's which, what happens?

Speaker 2  29:38
Well, okay, I guess by the time that we go to market, we're gonna have, we're gonna have, we're gonna have non fixed. We're gonna have variable due dates figured out. So it may be just fine to say, you know, to have input a custom amount that could never be less than, you know, like you can't do less than one month of rent kind of a

Matthias Miller  29:58
thing I would make. Proposal. Option one is outstanding balance. Option two is outstanding plus one month of rent. Option three is a custom amount, and you default to the middle amount to make them feel better about choosing a lesser amount. And if they don't have an outstanding balance, and it's like, pay one month in two months, or pay custom. I mean,

Speaker 2  30:22
definitely one of it, one of the one of the options needs to be, is it, is it three options or five options? One of the one of the options definitely needs to be early payoff. You can just click the early payoff amount, payoff

Matthias Miller  30:33
contract. You want to do a really

Speaker 2  30:34
payoff, yeah, EPO amount should be there. I want to, I want, I want a customer to be able to click the EPO amount, close out their contract, and it does all the magic, perfect.

Matthias Miller  30:47
So you have three options, outstanding balance, outstanding balance, plus one month, and EPO, amount.

Speaker 2  30:53
And so in the case where you are current, it would be pay one month, pay two month. EPO, yeah, I'm fine with that.

Matthias Miller  31:01
What do you think, Justin,

Speaker 1  31:03
I'm fine with that too. And so there's no custom amount.

Matthias Miller  31:07
What do you think, Dwayne, you need a custom amount? Well,

Speaker 2  31:10
I mean, I would actually be in favor of going either to four or five and adding the custom amount as well. So pay one maybe, maybe it's five options, say, one month, pay two month, pay three month, EPO, pay custom. I mean, they say never give less more than five choices. So, you know, three is better than five. I agree, but maybe it should be paying one month pay, pay one month custom and EPO, that might be the better option. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:40
Well, I would, yeah, one month EPO custom

Unknown Speaker  31:45
whatever, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:47
Let's do that. I like that, and then an optional outstanding balance, right?

Speaker 1  31:52
If they are, yeah, so, so starting with the non outstanding, and I'll modify the pay custom amount so that it actually has, like, a built in input as a part of it. But if y'all can still see the screen, is it still sharing? I don't even know if it's great. So on the one time payment, we still want them to be able to choose a method, although we can default to something if we want. And then there's literally the Submit buttons for this. Like, do you is it? So you're imagining it, Dwayne that, like, the Submit buttons are how you choose your path. Great, yeah,

Speaker 2  32:22
exactly, yeah. I mean, obviously the pay custom amount would, would, would open up a field to input what you want, because there would have to be validation against, you know, what? How low they can actually go,

Speaker 1  32:34
yeah, exactly, yeah. Okay, cool. So let me take a note real quick,

Unknown Speaker  32:42
custom mount

Speaker 1  32:45
element, got it and then taking this same thing down to let me update real quick, live update our

Unknown Speaker  32:55
this that's now we have

Speaker 1  33:03
a outstanding balance. In this case, I might even you could tell me that we've we've got alternate themes that we could use, if we're really trying to just give them a I don't want to read five buttons. I will if necessary. But you tell me what the number one thing should be, sorry, plus one month. So whatever that would be, however you want to and then in this case, pay custom amount is.

Speaker 2  33:38
I agree with that. I agree with that. In that case, they would not be a custom amount, unless you're going to argue with

Matthias Miller  33:46
Matthias on it. No, it's like, I mean, why would they not want the calling to support negotiate? If they would make a personal payment, they should call in and negotiate anyway. If your current will let you put in custom

Speaker 2  33:56
amounts, if you're not current, you're going to pay the outstanding balance, outstanding balance plus one month or pay off the contract. I like it cool.

Speaker 1  34:05
We can tweak the language and formatting and stuffing cool. And then here as well, do we want to, do we want to default to? Are we trying to push them towards one month and everything else is secondary. Most people

Matthias Miller  34:19
are going to want to do that. Aren't they doing? Yeah, yeah, I like that. And then pick up some because it's great. There's a little bit of confusion. Justin, I don't know what you think, because payoff contract actually is something that's going to do something pick up is going to prompt you to enter something.

Speaker 1  34:39
So yeah, what I'm thinking is that I'm actually going to do a instead of clicking pay custom amount and then entering it, I'm actually going to make a widget that is both an input and a submit button, kind of in one group, and so that'll have its its input as a part of that awesome. I love it.

Unknown Speaker  34:56
Cool. I like this too. Um.

Speaker 1  35:00
Um, and do we need language here about if you're if none of these options work for you, contact support, like, do you want that? Because that's easy to do as well.

Speaker 2  35:09
No, I think that's kind of implied. Okay, especially since we give them a contact support button on the left hand menu.

Matthias Miller  35:18
Although we could, we could just directly link, okay, that's fine.

Speaker 2  35:21
I mean, that's okay. I mean, that's not, that's not bad. We could, we could just, you know, I would, yeah, I would. I would make it a URL type thing, not necessarily a button type thing, right?

Speaker 1  35:33
So it's something like this, right here. And maybe, yeah,

Speaker 2  35:38
I don't need that. I the same thing on your other one with the with the past due one as well.

Unknown Speaker  35:47
Yeah, make it small. There we go. Down here. I think

Speaker 1  36:01
it's probably good just to have a make it a very clear,

Unknown Speaker  36:07
make it a underline, if we want

Speaker 1  36:14
cool. So I'll make that fancy widget here. So then now, so now, real quick, the the path into this one. Sorry, make one time do. Let me make sure I link to this. So now if you are so if a payment didn't process successfully, so I should not have both of these buttons here, because you can't change the auto pay schedule until catching up with a one time payment. So I am willing to get rid of that, say, like, something like, catch up with a one or what's the deal? Pay outstanding balance?

Speaker 2  36:53
No, I kind of like the language of catch up with a one time payment. Okay, right? It's less formal language, which kind of, I mean, it goes along somewhat with the theme,

Matthias Miller  37:09
end of this world. Yeah. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  37:13
if you want to make a joke out of it, spell it ketchup instead

Unknown Speaker  37:19
mustard, you make condiment jokes, man, there's a lot of jokes in here.

Speaker 1  37:29
I relish them all. Come on. Let's keep going. Let us. Let us keep going. All right, so over here now this one also is going to link to that pathway. I really wish developing the actual site was as easy as doing it in figma. Sorry, Jonathan, you did the fun job of

Speaker 4  37:53
actually easier in the it's actually easier to do for the live site.

Speaker 1  37:58
Yeah, some things are you're right, alright. So real quick on this overdue one, I currently have a link to the change auto pay schedule. But the truth is that's not like, Should we keep that there for consistency, even though, when you go there, it's going to just tell you you're overdue.

Matthias Miller  38:17
It has the advantage of educating people, even if it's around a little bit of a diversion for them, agreed, all right, That was

Speaker 1  38:36
that that is change on a schedule we're David great, whereas the Normal one change auto pay schedule.

Unknown Speaker  38:54
There it's normal.

Speaker 1  39:02
There, make one time payment, so now checking yourself again. So from an on time one make a one time payment. Boom, change auto pay schedule, boom, all right, so I added a description here of your minimum monthly amount is 500 and presumably then. So I heard you say that you know when they the minimum is set on a monthly cadence, but if they choose a cadence different from monthly their minimum amount is going to essentially change. It's going to do the math behind the scenes to make sure the monthly amount. So even if they choose a weekly payment schedule, then the weekly amount was going to be whatever 500 divided by four. Do we? Do we make this description text? So obviously, that's easy to enforce on a on a the inputs internal. Know behind the scenes, minimum, that's it's easy to do programmatically. Question is, what do we communicate? Do we communicate their minimum monthly amount, or do we communicate the minimum amount for this cadence, which to me, as a to a user, makes more sense. If I choose weekly, then I should tell them their minimum weekly

Speaker 2  40:20
amount. So yeah, based on the cadence.

Matthias Miller  40:23
Yeah, shouldn't we switch the order of the cadence of the amount?

Speaker 1  40:25
Yes, we should. If, if one is dependent on the other, then absolutely,

Matthias Miller  40:31
yeah, remember that the end user is only thinking about cash going out and when it goes out and how much does that all right.

Speaker 1  40:43
There it is sweet. Look at that. So then, if they change this to weekly, then this would say the minimum weekly amount is 135 or 133 or whatever. That is nice. Cool. Do we need a little shortcut button that says, I mean, it'll obviously, it can default to the minimum amount. If they noodle with it, we don't need a button to reset it back to the minimum, right? It's just there. That's just obvious.

Speaker 2  41:14
Why do we even, why do we even give them? Why is it even a field? Why isn't it just in a calculated amount, just telling them what's going

Matthias Miller  41:20
to be because don't you want people to be able to pay more

Unknown Speaker  41:26
than the minimum?

Speaker 2  41:30
I did say that, didn't I? Well, somehow, right, if we pay, if we pay more than the minimum. Do we do we care about validating?

Speaker 2  41:58
I don't know. I guess, I guess at that point we just do, do we care about what happens with due dates?

Matthias Miller  42:05
No, okay, they just all that's in their head tell me I'm wrong. All that's in their head is, oh, I'm going to get them paying it faster if I pay a little bit

Speaker 2  42:15
more, as long as, as long as we are, as long as we are validating that they can't get themselves into a Past Due state, then pushing themselves on and further out into the future. I guess it's their prerogative.

Matthias Miller  42:29
They don't really get any EPO benefits doing that. But right? So it might not actually be the wisest use of use of money.

Speaker 2  42:41
The Okay, here's, here's. The only thing that we should think about the perception for the individual who's uneducated about the way that rent to own actually works, is that if I pay more than my monthly payment, it goes to a principal type of thing. And so should we try to educate, that's the first question, or should we just straight up disallow,

Unknown Speaker  43:11
disallow overpayment, correct? Does it not go to the principal? This is an education for me, I guess

Speaker 2  43:21
so the way that rent to own actually works is, is it would be the same as if you were renting an apartment and you decided to pay more rent. There is no such thing in a like renting an apartment as principal and interest, and it's the same way with a rent to own contract by strict definition. The way that rent to own actually works is, you are renting it until you fulfill two things you you fulfilled the entire length of the term of the contract, or you buy out early. So there is no so everything that's applied that's not an EPO is considered to be rent and pays you on into the

Speaker 1  43:53
future, right? It's basically like the the amount of interest that you're paying is fixed, no matter if you're paying early or not. So you can, you can get to ownership faster by early paying but you're not actually offsetting any of the accrued interest. Or, yeah, you're not accruing less interest by paying off early,

Unknown Speaker  44:10
correct? So

Speaker 2  44:13
the hard part about this is, if we try to wander into the land of education, then you run the risk of confusion. I don't know Matthias, give me give me your thoughts. Should we just say, Look, you can't do on into the future. It just it is what it is. Go pay the EPO if you want to pay off early.

Matthias Miller  44:34
Yeah, I think you have me convinced we should just do the monthly

Speaker 1  44:41
or the non monthly, but fixed based on the cadence they choose. I'm sorry, right?

Speaker 2  44:47
I mean, we could leave a note at the bottom. It says, in order to to close contract faster or to pay off sooner, consider using the early payoff option. No, no, no, no, let's just, we can leave a contact support for questions, kind of

Matthias Miller  45:06
that's why they shouldn't. They can call in and they can explain it and and if they need to, or

Speaker 2  45:11
yes, let's, let's remove the option to pay more. Cool, so essentially, the amount just becomes a cap. Is $1 value that's represented.

Unknown Speaker  45:22
Got it demonstrate

Speaker 4  45:29
payment amount is non editable,

Speaker 5  45:34
just based on patents chosen. And it's not

Speaker 2  45:39
like that. We haven't given them also the option to go make a one time payment. Of a custom amount, so they can go still do that, right?

Speaker 1  45:49
It makes sense to me to put that so it almost feels like that needs to be a I want to make it a sentence, because people will just skip it. It's almost like I want it to be a form element, but just a disabled one that they can't edit no more. But let me, let me play around with that a little bit.

Speaker 2  46:11
If you do it as a form element that that you can't edit, then we run the risk of customers contacting support and saying, I can't change the amount, right? So if you don't represent it like a field, if you just represent it as a, as a, I don't know exactly how you want to do that.

Matthias Miller  46:31
Can you do it in the cadence? Can you just say monthly, $500 per month, or mean, is there a way to tie those two together? Is that too weird?

Speaker 1  46:39
No, that makes a lot of sense to me. Let's see. Each payment will be $500 something like this, right here, maybe the next one. Let's see. I feel like we should do two things in the stream. Number one, make sure that they know what, like, what is the math? The math is a $500 a month minimum. Or, sorry, the math is $500 a month, right? Yeah. And then, as they change the cadence, like they still see the fact that they should still see the $500 on dollar a month parameter somewhere on this screen, but then we tell them, therefore your payments will be 125 a week or whatever. So I wonder if here, because we have this description area, not a stitch,

Unknown Speaker  47:43
your monthly payments.

Speaker 1  47:51
Oh, I see what you mean. Like, I kept top around It wouldn't go there.

Unknown Speaker  48:01
Something like

Unknown Speaker  48:33
coming up. I'm going to stop restyle this.

Unknown Speaker  48:40
Yeah, okay. Now we're cooking, right?

Speaker 1  48:44
So if they changed it, if they changed it to weekly, then it would say next payment, whatever, for 125

Unknown Speaker  48:51
yep, I like that. I'm going

Speaker 1  48:59
to style this, and we make a note to myself to style it this kind of thing. It's not fun to do live and

Speaker 1  49:15
Dwayne, do we need to say something like, like your monthly payment based on the contract, or something like that? Is there some language that

Speaker 2  49:22
needs to say, Yeah, needs to say, No, I think that's pretty self explanatory from the fact that you just came from the contract page. Okay, awesome. And that should be rep, if I remember correctly, that is represented out there on the contract page.

Speaker 1  49:35
It's, let's see how we did it, because this is still, this is no information, okay, so I've got the auto pay schedule noted, yeah, we

Unknown Speaker  49:44
probably, we probably should represent it, you know, contract, monthly payment. Yeah.

Speaker 2  50:06
And the one thing that we don't have here out here, is the early payoff amount that should probably be represented here too somewhere.

Speaker 1  50:13
Yeah, I was thinking probably here it's like, because I assume there's early payoff a little

Speaker 2  50:17
bit less. Yeah, okay. Amount remaining, 12,500 early payoff. There you go. I like that, yeah,

Speaker 1  50:26
kind of like down here we have, and I don't know what's the realistic amount, but I'll just like that right.

Speaker 2  50:40
There is, it? I probably would do away with original amount.

Unknown Speaker  50:48
Okay, relabel it, or just do away with it.

Speaker 2  50:56
So we want to show them what we call contract balance, which is your amount remaining.

Speaker 1  51:10
Like purchase, that's fraud. I feel like somewhere on here, I would want to know what did I originally sign up for?

Speaker 2  51:21
Basically, yeah, that's fair. That's fair.

Unknown Speaker  51:25
But maybe this is in the right word. We

Speaker 2  51:27
don't always like to draw attention to that number. We don't like the original amount. Is not amount that like, it implies that's what you're going to pay. And that is not necessary. That is, that is, the probability that you paid that amount is less than 18% Oh, well, the amount of customers that actually go to that point are in the neighborhood of about 18% Well,

Speaker 1  51:52
what do you think about this, out of the way, so I can, I mean, do you Think that? Hard to see it, but there is that area where we have, like the original, maybe we could take this off, but like the original contract, dealer info. Do you think maybe even, I mean having it somewhere on this page, but you think it belongs down in that area, like, Hey, here's the original contract. It was a $20,000 thing you bought. Or is this really, truly something? That you want to bury in the original contract? Like you just download the PDF

Speaker 2  52:32
for the sake of of, okay, don't take this the wrong way, but it is kind of something that we like to bury in the original contract. Like by law, we have to expose it within the document. I just don't want to remind people over and over again, because again, it's, as I said, it implies that is the amount that you end up paying. And it's not that when you decide to pay off and you know EPO amount from the very, very beginning, you pay, you know, a couple $100 over cash price the building. We, I do think there's value in like, down in the in the the original purchase information, contact information, is giving the building and the original per like, the original cash price of the building. There could be some value in doing that again, it's one of those things where limiting information continues to make people happy, because it's like, well, there's, there's really two things I want to know. Three things I want to know, what's my monthly payment, How much is remaining on my contract balance, and what's my early cash payoff, right? Those are really the three things that most people want to know. The rest of the information has some value, but it does not. It doesn't have a good functional value to the contract, right?

Speaker 1  53:53
It's not above the fold type of information, yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Let me reverse these real quick so I can see them, so we could potentially then put,

Unknown Speaker  54:07
where is that?

Speaker 1  54:12
You said, like cash. I think, actually,

Speaker 2  54:16
I don't think there's, let's, let's leave that up. If all of that information is in the documentation that we are giving them. It on the dealer portal. If they want to go pull up their original contract, they can go to the to the to the document section and pull it up and go look at it. Yeah, original contract. So, I mean, let's, let's limit the information. Okay, amount remaining, monthly payment. EPO, we're good.

Speaker 1  54:41
Awesome. And if their current auto pay schedule, so I have and again, this was me guessing scheduled end date, May 15, 2026

Speaker 2  54:55
this would be, theoretically, if they paid to the end of the contract, correct. Yeah, again, I don't, I don't think it's a value.

Unknown Speaker  55:03
Okay, got it.

Speaker 2  55:08
Because it implies that's when the contract ends. And again, that is up to the customer when they when that end point is, well,

Speaker 1  55:13
that's what I was going to kind of wonder, is like, Should we put, you know, a little text here? So scheduled in date, May 15, when we say something along the lines of, you know, based on your current auto pay schedule. No, this is goofy in that

Speaker 2  55:38
I say we just Nix it. Okay? I like, I like the start date. That's great monthly payment. Great amount remaining. Great EPO, great auto pay stuff, great related files, all that's all that's really good payment history, that's all really valuable information to the customer. Endpoints of the contract are such a variable thing based on the individual that I don't know, that I want to try and represent them, because at the point that we try to represent them, then we have to, we have to validate the information. And that is very, very hard to do. Got it if you want, if you want that information, go pull the original contract and go look at it cool.

Unknown Speaker  56:19
All right, let me sure get this off of all of these. Then that, make sure you rid of that.

Speaker 3  56:31
I'm making that in the first and then What was this? Oh, payment, that's right.

Unknown Speaker  56:42
Okay. I'm

Speaker 1  57:32
okay, actually, just so that we're not We don't confuse ourselves. Actually make that funky. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  58:03
this was for the overdue one.

Unknown Speaker  58:06
So we don't have a custom amount for the overdue That's right,

Matthias Miller  58:10
custom amount for the non overdue one. Is it worth doing something like Pay ahead, or something like that, or pay ahead of a custom amount? To clarify that, are we worried about the same? Hey, you're not paying it down faster, kind of thing doing or you good as is,

Speaker 2  58:28
I would prefer just leave, pay custom amount. We're not We're not implying anything in that regard. Then are you sure you want us to see your messages?

Speaker 1  58:39
Justin what messages was it shown? Oh, I'm sharing the whole screen, aren't

Unknown Speaker  58:47
I? Like, are you sure you wanted us to see your messages?

Speaker 1  58:49
I mean, it's fine. We're talking about snowfall at the ski with my brothers. But no, thank you for telling me I did not realize my entire screen was being shared.

Unknown Speaker  58:59
Your messages are still up, just so, you know, no, I

Speaker 1  59:02
can see him back there. It's fine. But that's annoying, because that means that you weren't getting the small window, you were getting a 27 or 32 inch screen.

Speaker 3  59:13
Oh, that's, that's perfectly fine. I'm on a 55 inch TV. Okay, that is funny. Do

Speaker 1  59:25
I've learned a lot about what didn't do and not do during, during screen shares. There was, I mean, I'm going to go ahead and be forthright and say there was one time that I was I was back channeling, so it was me with my client who was more like my employer. It's a three year contract, and we were working with a with another vendor, and that vendor was, I mean, I'll just say they were just not doing good work, and the explosion they were giving did not make any sense for why something wasn't working, etc, etc. And so we're all in a meeting together, and I just had to pop over and back channel to Rp. Am like, this explanation they're giving does not make any sense. And as as I'm typing that I just You could hear the panic in the room as everyone Justin you're on your whole screen.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:10
It was like, and it was

Speaker 1  1:00:13
really funny, because, on the one hand, it was very embarrassing and unprofessional. It did clarify the conversation. And it was like, you know. Okay, so you guys think this doesn't make sense, why not? Like it actually led to a positive

Unknown Speaker  1:00:27
spot, but, but, oh, that could go wrong. Absolutely, I'm my, you know,

Speaker 1  1:00:37
in unprofessional adjusted terms, it was still one of the more professional messages that could have been accidentally seen.

Matthias Miller  1:00:44
Much worse.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:45
It could have been much worse. Alrighty,

Speaker 2  1:00:51
I have to say, Justin, this is looking really, really good. This, this is this brings happiness to me.

Speaker 1  1:00:57
I'm really glad to hear that. Thank you. And I think I

Speaker 4  1:01:01
have a question regarding this. So the custom branding applies to the nav bar on the left side, and I say most of like the registration flow where we have a single color background, but the but the right side of this main screen, this is not customized, right, like the, like the blue color for the for the primary buttons, that's not linked to, only branding, correct.

Speaker 1  1:01:35
That's how I've been designing this, because that felt like it would get us into so much trust, just making sure that's yeah, Dwayne's not in cool. Okay, so yes, that lowers the surface area of ways we can shoot ourselves in the foot. Design wise, quite a lot.

Speaker 4  1:01:52
Jesse, can you know you'll get some client with super ugly colors that don't really fit, and we can at least limit the damage.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:01
The blast radius is the sidebar.

Speaker 2  1:02:03
Can Can you pop over to the login screen? This would be the first landing spot when a customer lands. Obviously following, okay. And in the conversation of branding, the only thing that I want to make sure that we talk about at some point. And maybe you can just put some some lip some more, whatever the funny language is, but there will need to be some language on splash screens or entry screens that in regards to privacy policy and some of those types of thing. And or is that? Do we? Do we get into that somewhere else that we have some it?

Speaker 1  1:02:47
Gotcha. Gotcha. You did have that in the registration flow, so start registration confirmation code. So I do have that here. Okay, perfect. It's super basic. So we can talk more if there's more.

Speaker 2  1:03:01
But all of these pages that you just showed right here, the the logo and the coloring, that is all that is all controllable branding, correct,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:10
correct. Okay, perfect.

Speaker 4  1:03:12
Hurting the action button as well. That seems to be the same color as the action button in the main thing.

Speaker 1  1:03:17
Yeah, good point is very good, very good question. So right now, no, the action button is the action button is not customized. However, what I haven't dealt with or considered is, what if the background what if the brand background color is exactly the same shade of blue? I feel like in that case, we can do one of two things. We can either

Speaker 2  1:03:44
don't, don't overthink it, go back. Okay, background color, goodness gracious, that's too easy. Great.

Speaker 1  1:03:50
Okay, cool. So yeah, the answer to that, Jonathan is, no, this is the standard color. Okay, the only thing, the only tricky thing that I did here is, I do so I am creating, oops. Oh, there we go. I know we're not doing full dark mode, but I still have, here within figma, I still have, I still have the support for dark. It's so easy to build in. And what I'm doing is, you know, let's say the branding for for this particular RTO is that right, is, is dark. We would use the dark mode buttons and theming within their sidebar. That would be programmatic. So like font colors and everything else, if it happened to cross a certain threshold of lightness, we would use the light mode variance. So for instance, I mean the tiny thing, but like the secondary button color on this login deal is actually using white text, because we're using a dark theme. If this picture, RTO had a very light background, had a very light theme, then we would be switching then the buttons to use a light theme button where the background color is actually exactly the same. Either way, it's a like 10% opacity black background, but the text itself changes from white to dark when you're on the lighter background. So that's not something that you would tweak when you are theming. I feel like that's, well, a we could I mean, this is up to how y'all want to do it. Or y'all can just say, you know, if the stature or if the lightness value of this particular color is above or below a certain threshold, then we color the buttons the certain way.

Speaker 4  1:05:34
So that's what I've been that's what I've been doing. I actually have this, this working already from the from the theming, where in the RTO company, you specify your primary and secondary and then have a pretty basic formula for determining if the text should be white or black, and then carry that on over. So that's exactly it sweet. Yeah, that is kind of what I was thinking, perfect meshing. Yes, I didn't.

Speaker 1  1:05:59
I have not yet mocked out. So the stuff that I haven't mocked out is the stuff that is basically just plug and play. So like the Forgot Password flow, I've these, these funny shapes are mnemonics for me, for is this a success screen? Is this a successful form screen? Is this a intermediate screen or an error screen? I can fill these out as well, but there should be pretty obvious what I forgot password flow looks like. My one question with forgot password is, is it going is the user going to receive a link that they click that has a, you know, ashed off ID in it, or is it once again going to be we've sent you a confirmation code, go get the six digit code, plug it in, and now we let you reset your password, or is that an implementation detail that doesn't matter?

Speaker 4  1:06:48
I mean, we can do either one. I'm not sure what Matthias or Dwayne thinks would be better.

Matthias Miller  1:06:52
I think from a user experience standpoint, it's preferable to I almost prefer the both options, because you can either, I mean, if you're on your phone and you have your email on your phone, you can pull it up on your desktop, you can enter the code in, you can keep going, or you can, rather than, all right, what link do I need to use to get over here? So if there's one that I would enforce, I'd probably enforce a code and go into this code in.

Speaker 1  1:07:20
So it seems like if they click a link in their email that so that code email also has a link they could just click that would essentially take them directly to the success screen, assuming I hadn't timed out or whatever.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:35
That's my too. Yeah, do we

Matthias Miller  1:07:37
not know if you have comments on that?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:39
I don't. I don't

Speaker 2  1:07:41
have a strong opinion I have. I have, the only strong opinion I have is that we are following good security protocols and that it's not obnoxious to the user.

Matthias Miller  1:07:54
I think we meet those conditions,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:59
minimum viable obnoxiousness,

Speaker 2  1:08:06
losing your forgetting your password and going through re authentication is always obnoxious. It's just, you know, it is part of everybody has, everybody understands it.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:16
So, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:08:18
Matthias, are y'all implementing? By the way, I always direct technical questions at Matthias because I but that's not a exclusion to anybody else. It's just my default thinking. But Are y'all supporting pass keys?

Matthias Miller  1:08:33
I don't think we're planning to, but I've not looked at Jonathan. Do you know how complicated it is to support them?

Speaker 4  1:08:40
I've looked at it, I think we would probably want to integrate directly with someone like auth zero, and then we would, you know, and what they provide kind of overshadows a lot of what we're implementing here. So I think it'd be a big question. I think we could do a straight implementation. It's pretty reasonable, but you kind of have the question of, like, how much are people actually going to like this factor authentication gets us as secure as we need to be.

Matthias Miller  1:09:12
Yeah, I think I mean the advantage of something like, off the zeros. You can then authenticate with Facebook, you can authenticate with Apple, your Apple ID, or you can, you know, whatever.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:21
But would that also allow us to authenticate with Google?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:25
Yeah, what's the cost on something like this? I don't

Matthias Miller  1:09:31
know you, and I should probably have it Well, I mean, it's, that's a I don't have that answer,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:38
because every single time I can authenticate with Google, I smile because just makes my

Matthias Miller  1:09:42
life easy. Yeah, but we're not building this for you.

Speaker 2  1:09:46
Well, I get that, but it's like, in today's world, it's like,

Matthias Miller  1:09:53
You're not wrong.

Speaker 2  1:09:54
When I have to enter a username and password, I always roll my eyes, like, can we please get you know, up to date authentication? Processes, which is probably just handing my life away to Google, and I should probably be concerned about that, but that's a different conversation.

Matthias Miller  1:10:07
Google likes you. They're a friendly big brother who stay on their side. So the I mean, let's chat. I mean, doesn't that that does have the potential for substantially changing the flow and the branding. And I don't know what control we actually have, most of that flow probably ends up being controlled by auth zero itself at that point.

Speaker 2  1:10:31
Actually, I have a I have a strong opinion. I just formulated it just now. Let's disregard the the that level of authentication that level of authentication that can be a feature we can introduce in the future sometime.

Speaker 1  1:10:47
Yeah, we'll stick with this for now. And just to clarify, the only two FA that we're currently offering is via email, at least during sign up. That's what it defaults to as a form of like email verification from the Settings screen. Are we also going to be allowing the users to switch to either to TP, like a authenticator app and or SMS, or just sticking with email?

Speaker 2  1:11:15
Matthias, I thought we had talked about allowing for SMS

Unknown Speaker  1:11:20
to FA one of the reasons

Matthias Miller  1:11:22
why we had stuck with email is because we need a way to verify that they actually have ownership of this email account in order to set up the account.

Speaker 2  1:11:29
But after once they once they've actually generated once they verified the account, allowing them to switch to to SMS.

Speaker 3  1:11:36
Yep. So that should be supported. Yeah, I think so. How about authenticator app?

Matthias Miller  1:11:48
We were not planning to support that for the first integration.

Speaker 2  1:11:53
Got it that's that starts to wander over the line of obnoxious for this level of account information to in my opinion,

Speaker 1  1:12:04
I always, I mean, this is totally antic data is that what's called anecdata? I always choose t OTP over either of those two, partly because it's instant. I mean, I don't have to wait for something to come in, one less dependency on a third party, like delivery mechanism to go down. But if you're going it complicates the implementation for y'all and if you're already going to be supporting the other thing that it's just a matter of if and when you want to add, to put in the dev time, to add authenticator app support. As a user, I like that. I also like I always prefer, or I always use email. If there's only email or SMS offered, then I always choose Email only because I have more faith in its un spoof ability via intermediate person than SMS. So that's those are usually my my order of preference, personally, is authenticator, app, email, SMS,

Matthias Miller  1:13:01
Billy, we're going to run into sophistication issues with our end user.

Speaker 1  1:13:06
With, yes, yeah, I would never like require authenticator app unless you had a super technical audience. It's only a matter of including it as an option. But I definitely agree that, like we should not complicate the registration process with this choice. You want to confirm the email ownership anyway, so it defaults to email, and if they want to change it, that's in the settings,

Speaker 2  1:13:33
unless the other option is Matthias, we just, well, I don't know. I mean, what's the is there an upside to just that? Is the the two FA method, we just stick with the email versus giving them the option for email or SMS. What's your thought?

Speaker 2  1:13:58
I mean, the point you made about, you know, I don't have my email on my phone, and I want to have a secondary authentication method so that you know that you can easily authenticate to the phone. Maybe there is value in keeping the SMS.

Matthias Miller  1:14:12
Oh, nobody else does. I mean very few, few other RTO companies do TFA at this at this exact moment, I think we should optimize for simplicity of implementation at this point and expand scope later.

Speaker 2  1:14:28
You're advocating for email only.

Speaker 4  1:14:32
Well, wouldn't email only be single factor because you can reset your password if you have access to the email so got the single factor of email address, because for most people, that's going to be how they log in, right, which is with their email address. And so kind of seems like we either need to do to a via, you know, SMS or something else, or just stick to email slash password, login. So.

Speaker 1  1:15:06
That's a good point. So essentially, if someone compromises your email, then there's, there's no more multi factor at that point, because they can reset your password without knowing your previous one. So you've lost that factor. I got you this

Speaker 2  1:15:20
is, this is where I get, okay, this is where I get a little bit stuck in that you can't acquire any money through the information that is on this on the customer portal. Everything that is on the customer portal is available to the public. I mean, your name and address and phone number are available to the public, except for maybe your cell phone number. But we're not necessarily, you know, giving them. We're not giving away any private information on here. So do we really care,

Speaker 1  1:15:52
aside from last four digits of credit card but that's pretty common. I guess you can fish that out of the trash anywhere.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:59
Thoughts Matthias, I mean, the worst

Matthias Miller  1:16:08
thing that can happen is that they can drain your bank account by making payments contracts which is super obnoxious, but not irrevocable. Not only they can pay it's not like they can get payment details. It's not like they can pay other contracts, not like they can get money to themselves, unless it's a really sophisticated scheme that's going to require human intervention. So,

Speaker 2  1:16:36
so maybe, maybe we just leave email authentication and forget the two FA

Speaker 1  1:16:50
so then you still want email verification. Sure, playing that out, you would still want to verify the the during registration and during a change of email, you would still want to send them a link they have to click to verify.

Speaker 2  1:17:05
Yeah, we still want email verification, but rather than introducing a two factor authentication through SMS, we just, we just leave it with email authentic with email verification. Do you disagree? Matthias, or are you concerned about that?

Matthias Miller  1:17:25
I'm stating here my here's my thought process, grand scheme of things, just in terms of controlling scope. And I know this is such a small thing in the grand scheme of things, and yet, in terms of controlling scope, it just seems sensible to keep a simple, stupid I'm not super concerned about the I The implications.

Matthias Miller  1:17:52
Deferring to FA at the moment, but i i

Speaker 2  1:18:05
You were kind of going in and out there. I think I heard you say you would be in favor of deferring to favourant.

Matthias Miller  1:18:14
About it, to be honest, I don't know that. I've got a great opinion at the moment. I could argue both sides.

Matthias Miller  1:18:30
Dwayne, do you think you and your clients will want to enforce to FA in any way?

Speaker 2  1:18:34
No, that mean to FA is not even a thing on RTO pro right now, and so I'd say, let's, let's defer to if, if, if we want to go to that level, then let's go. Let's go to the extent of what we were talking about with, like pass keys and

Unknown Speaker  1:18:54
what social logins.

Speaker 2  1:18:58
I mean if, if we want to upgrade the whole infrastructure, then let's go that route. So for the moment, let's do email verification. Only good

Speaker 1  1:19:12
from a UX perspective, that is easy for me to adapt to. There was no there was no there was no sound effect. Though. I was hoping for a sound effect. I think it's Jitsi that has a really rich set of sound effects that accompany those little emoji reactions. And when you don't know that, and all you're trying to do is give a little thumbs up, and all of a sudden there's a cheering that you've added to the conversation. It's a shock. All right, I'm going to update the flow here to demonstrate that that is great.

Speaker 2  1:19:45
Total side note that Google decided to introduce on Android phones, or at least on the Pixel phones, the emoji, sound effects stuff as part of a phone call, and somehow randomly, I kept generating these. And I was having phone conversations. Like, everybody's like, What is that sound? I'm like, I have no idea. I thought it was your end. No, I thought it was your end. And it's like, it kept happening, and it wasn't till later, after off the call. I was like, Wait, what are these emoji things? And that's when I finally introduced the sound. And I was like, oh, that's what that was.

Speaker 1  1:20:17
Yeah, there is Apple has this thing that they added in one of the recent OS is called reactions, and they are video. So here I'm going to try it. Hold my thumb up. Will it do this? Okay, yeah. So this little pop up thing, I don't know there's all these different ones that it does. And in my experience, I had some really serious, like sober conversations where somebody, like, accidentally made, like, a peace sign or something. And, like, all of a sudden there, there's bubble, there's balloons. And like, you're, I don't usually like, number one, I'm really sorry that that happened to you. Number two, like, we are here for you. We're gonna and all of a sudden, balloons are coming out. It was horrible. It was so horrible. So inappropriate. Come on out appropriate and Anyway, okay, this has been really good and clarifying for me. The the settings and contact support screens I've considered to be almost autopilot, because I know exactly how to how to lay those out. There's still questions of what belongs where, but I'm going to go ahead and knock those out as well, but I think there is less interesting conversation to be had about those screens. Still, I don't know if we need a follow up meeting or if I'll just send links for y'all to look at it offline. So Fine. Do y'all want to schedule a follow up meeting for after Christmas?

Speaker 2  1:21:52
For the sake of speed, it feels to me like we're at the point where any remaining questions could almost be handled by email. Unless you disagree with me?

Matthias Miller  1:22:00
Matthias, I'm happy with that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:22:05
Jonathan, is it so are you? Are you using the tailwind plus UI components? Are you doing this all

Speaker 4  1:22:10
from scratch? It all from scratch? Okay,

Speaker 1  1:22:13
first of all, bless you. I love that. The number two is, is there then any value in me, pointing to the the tailwind UI components that I was thinking about because, like some of these, I've done a really coarse and frankly uglier version the tailwinds version of it. Is it useful to you? If I point to, hey, this is actually what I'm thinking about, so that you can draw inspiration

Speaker 4  1:22:33
from that. If it's very easy that, yeah, it could be that way. I can kind of shoot at that for my CSS, or even look at it directly, because I can see a lot of stuff in figma, but it, you know, it's not quite as clear cut, maybe, as seeing the definition directly from tailwind. So okay, could be useful.

Speaker 1  1:22:55
I'll do that then, particularly because a lot of the layout stuff, which they've got mobile answers for, I haven't showed the mobile version of and if nothing else, you know, oh, by using this component, he was expecting that this is what it would look like on mobile. So I'll still go ahead and do that step. But also, bless you, okay, that sounds

Speaker 4  1:23:15
Yeah, using a pre compiler with less, which is pretty nice for kind of cutting down on the much paucity there is,

Speaker 1  1:23:26
yeah, you're using less. You said le SS, yeah, that's right. I have in my own work, I have tried to shy away from less and SAS lately, just because CSS, native css, has gotten so good, it's so like, you have native css nesting now, which is fantastic, and CSS variable or custom properties, but CSS variables, there's still a couple of things, a couple of like calculations and mix ins and stuff that I that I do like to still use that stuff for. But anyway, small, selfish promotion for if you're not, if you haven't checked out how kind of rich CSS is now, at least if you're targeting, you know, the last two years of browsers and not 10 years, then it's gotten great and kind of made, made a lot of the advantages of lesson in CSS less.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:23
Obvious, and then no pre compiler.

Speaker 1  1:24:32
All right, anything else you want to talk about before I go off and just keep working on some stuff?

Unknown Speaker  1:24:39
Good here. Sure, cool and

Speaker 1  1:24:48
then small, I guess, contract note or whatever else. So rather than doing like the two contiguous days of design that I was planning on doing, this is sort of spread throughout a long period of time, but we're still on. Under that two days of clock time. So there's still time. I'm still within the original scope of work, of time work, by the way. So we're still under two hours. I'm sorry, just at two hours two days.

Matthias Miller  1:25:20
Thank you very much for all of your work. It's fun seeing your oops. It's fun seeing your genius come to life in this way. So thanks for doing that.

Speaker 1  1:25:31
Well, thanks for calling. Thanks for your exaggeration, but I appreciate it. Speaking of, speaking of genius, by the way, Matthias, I don't know if I ever told you the story, but I was on a long and I'm going to now give you a compliment in front of all your your cohort here, Dan and I were on a road trip about 15 years ago, 1520, years ago. And I brought up that the that I had been looking at the JavaScript lint page that Douglas Crockford, Douglas Crockford, I guess he had a linter. And I said, Did you know that Matthias is thanked by Douglas Crockford in his linter acknowledgements? And Dan said, our Matthias Miller. And said, yeah, he goes, Oh, so he's an actual genius. Then isn't he? Well, I don't know about that, but he's so if Dan ever thought you were a genius, you can partly thank me for calling attention to you being thanked by Douglas Rockford. Awesome.

Matthias Miller  1:26:25
I would also like to note that getting any kind of positive vibes from Douglas Rockford is generally a miracle in and of itself, so I was impressed. Thank you.

Speaker 2  1:26:38
I'm going to drop off thank you. Justin, fantastic. Yeah, Dwayne,

Speaker 1  1:26:44
yeah, that's hilarious. What was your involvement

Matthias Miller  1:26:47
in that? I don't even know. I had taken, I don't know exactly what I mean. So what happened? I took the spider monkey, like the Firefox JavaScript engine from way back, augmented it to re implement a bunch of his roles, and then added my own rules, and then went beyond that. And I think he I probably submitted some ideas, or found some bugs, or did something like that. I don't remember exactly, but that's the that's the essence of it. I actually had. There's also a guy way back. He did the years ago. Ie used to have a memory leak that came from garbage collection. Here. I'm gonna kill Mike. I'm gonna go on speaker. Hang on.

Matthias Miller  1:27:42
I um, and, and so he wrote this, this tool to detect memory leaks in IE, which was really obnoxious. It came from circular references in JavaScript, and it couldn't detect them. And he ended up disappearing almost completely online, come to find out later, that he went to work for Google, and I got a info, informal job application from him. He's like, he's basically like, Hey, you want to come work with us, to go work at Google. So, oh, wow,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:20
yeah, that is wow. What could have been.

Matthias Miller  1:28:26
I mean, I could have given my whole life to this stuff. That's right,

Speaker 6  1:28:30
that's right. All right, guys, I really appreciate it. Yeah, anything else that I should know I should make sure

Unknown Speaker  1:28:35
I tackle on the next round? I

Matthias Miller  1:28:38
don't think so not. I think we've covered what needs needs to be covered. Awesome.

Speaker 1  1:28:43
All right. Well, Jonathan, reach out at any point if they need the implementation questions. But I'll, I'll try to get this to you by the end of day the tailwind stuff, just because I know that can help.

Speaker 4  1:28:52
Sounds great. It's been a lot of fun having someone else do the design. Last project that I did last, last year, I was doing the figma design as well as implementing it and it's, it's, it's not nice not having a separation between the two, at least for myself. Well, this

Speaker 1  1:29:11
has done really great. Because I believe very while I believe strongly in like, the independent, like work of a designer and a developer, I believe very strongly that those two things should happen, like there should be a lot of communication overlap, because I don't want to be designing stuff that I'm not considering how it's going to be implemented. And I don't believe in developers doing the work without access to the designer to clarify stuff. I'm on another project now where, even though it's still a small team, there's kind of an attempt at a strong division of labor there. And I've definitely had to push for tighter communication. Both push for it by communicating in advance like this is how I'm assuming it'll be developed. Do it however you want, but just to hand off the baton a little. More responsibly. But then also, you know, requesting that they actually come back to me and say, Hey, I implemented it this way. Is this good? Because when I see it and see the final version, and it's completely wrong in certain ways, I'm like, Hey, you should have come. You should have asked for clarification on this point or whatever, or reference the spec more with more attention to detail.

Speaker 3  1:30:21
But anyway, yeah, it's been good, I guess. Well, all right, Merry just Merry Christmas to you. Have a great week. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai