Unknown Speaker  00:04
Rick And

Unknown Speaker  17:02
Slow there.

Unknown Speaker  17:02
service provider and client. I. Stay there. Mark it on it. All right? Sound good. I Hey, sorry. Everything happened at once at a slow morning, and then everything kind of went crazy. Yeah, no problem. Know how that goes? Okay. Well, speaking of your morning, let's see we're about 15 minutes behind schedule. How much time do you have you want to try to still end around 11? No, I'm good. I mean, I have some I have some stuff I have to get done today, but I'm not on a time crunch for it. Okay, good. Just double check before I jumped in here. Let me see if I can move you around so I can actually see a little bit better here. So Matthias is not with us today. I don't know if he filled you in on what's going on with him at all. Nope. But his, I don't think he'll mind me telling you his his father passed away a couple days ago, and so he's, yeah, it's okay, sort of out of pocket for the discussion, I guess. But the first thing I did want to check in with you on because he had mentioned to me it'd be nice to get into writing a final agreement of some kind as we're moving into this. I know you talked about maybe percentage based on pipeline stages or something like that, and the refunds we talked about last week, did you generally agree with the first part of the agreement he emailed you? Look at that real quick. Okay, I think so. I didn't see anything that I didn't agree with. I don't think. But let me just okay. So was his dad sick or anything, or he was it? I don't know too many details myself, but I know he was in hospice for a while, so it's not unexpected, but yeah, it still doesn't make it easy. No, definitely not always, always really hard. My dad had congestive heart failure. He had bypasses and all kinds of stuff. But I was expecting the call for years, and yet, yeah, when it comes, when you when it comes, it's still, yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. So when you say the first part, are you talking about the services to provide? Oh, let me pull it up here. I had it. Oh, you're doing that. Let me go see if my coffee's ready. Perfect Okay, it looks like, well, I'm looking at the Email here so service provider is us. You are the client. The first part being what, what are we looking at here?

Speaker 1  20:47
Oh, so it says services to be provided. And two is compensation. So which part were you asking about, or maybe you

Speaker 2  20:56
just, well, I was asking if all of the if you had generally agreed to all of this. And then if in his absence, I guess I could try to draft something to send back to you too, that includes the other part of our conversation, and we might just have to wait till he gets back to finalize everything. But I thought I'd try to do as much as I could. Okay, does that make sense? Yeah, all right. Well, I'll draft what I was thinking, I guess, based on our last conversation. I thought maybe Matthias had mentioned maybe a percentage point for each stage kind of I thought maybe if we did initial inquiry and discussion, that'd be one. If we got the quoting in progress, that would be two. If we quoted and continued the discussion to do any more sales, that might be three. And then if we had it scheduled with you to do the site visit, that would be four. And then if it got closed by you, that would be five. Does that make any Does that make sense to you as percentage points?

Unknown Speaker  21:58
Yes,

Speaker 2  22:00
I might not be quite right, but I can write it down and use it, yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  22:06
I think there might be a few too many points there. Okay. For one, you could have your third message in a conversation be a quote. Yeah, that makes because it when someone clicks on someone's ad, they're going to get bombarded with similar ads. So there are people that they know what they want, like they already know that, hey, I want a 30 by 40. They know the layout they want. And sometimes they just say, Hey, can I get a quote for this? And I am all about I work for a company one time that they had this whole thing where you you follow these steps, and it worked some but I found that for me to just don't like, just keep it simple. Okay, if someone wants a quote, you ask a few questions, but don't make yourself go through a process when all when they just want to keep it simple. Because the reality is, they could have already talked to five different people, and they're tired of all of it. They just want to know what their options are. Well,

Speaker 2  23:10
that's true. Well, maybe it makes more sense. So to look at some

Speaker 1  23:14
I would look at it more, you know? I mean, you guys aren't going to get paid until it's closed, right? So how much work am I doing, or have I done? Is more where I'm coming from, like if before, I only sent three or four messages, and it also makes a difference to me, I guess, where I was coming from. More was, is it something where I completed that conversation at that time. Okay, did I do my job at that point versus the hundreds or 1000s of people that I left hanging and I never replied to, as far as I'm concerned, as far as I'm concerned, if I left them hanging and you get them back and we sell to them, you get the 5% okay, but if I went through the full process and all they need is, hey, you know the building prices are going to go up because of the tariffs or whatever the thing is, are you ready to buy? And they buy at that point? Does that make sense?

Speaker 2  24:19
It does it would, would it be a situation where you'd want me to re quote them, for instance, and then schedule the site visit for you? Or would it be a situation, I mean, we need to

Speaker 1  24:31
make sure the price of the quote is current for sure.

Speaker 2  24:36
Yeah, that makes sense. So I'd be doing some maybe add admin work. I'm not quite sure and what that really falls into, but you do some admin work at that point, how? What kind of percentage point is that worth to you? Then if I do that part of it for you,

Speaker 1  24:54
you mean as far as like, if I completed the conversation and they just weren't ready at the time, but now they might be ready.

Speaker 2  24:59
Now they might be ready. We probably need to update the quote you, you might go do your site visit or whatever. I mean,

Speaker 1  25:06
I'm still for you. Yeah, I'm still at that, you know. I mean, I would still do, I would say 4% Oh, okay, all right. Like I'm not looking for I would I feel like I get, I feel like my what I make on this is very fair for what I do. And I want to be fair. I want to be fair with you guys as well.

Unknown Speaker  25:29
Okay, that's fair. Well, let me write that all

Speaker 1  25:32
about. I'm all about, if you make my life easier and you make me money, I want to make sure. I want to make sure you're happy. So that's

Speaker 2  25:40
that's really fair. Well, let me write that up. How's that sound? And I don't know. I don't remember the scope of this initial agreement. I'll probably get reevaluated at some point anyway. So if that doesn't wind up working out, but at least we have something in writing that we've generally talked about. And then if you do not, if I do nothing, and you pull it back up, and they talk to you, then we don't get anything. And so I think that's fair too, right? Okay, yeah, okay, sounds good. That was the other thing. And then the refund, I thought I'd just take a stab at because we kind of talked about how there might be points in time where you might want to

Speaker 1  26:12
I guess it was more now that I think, now that I think about it, let's go back here a little bit. Yeah, I was thinking more along the lines of, let's say someone you've been working for a few months, but there's someone from last summer that I had talked to, and maybe I even visited them, because there's a lot of people in this day and age where they lose contact information, they lose a business card, they lose stuff, but then they know that they can go on to marketplace and They find my ads, and they find me that. So they come on and say, Hey, I mean, I had that happen last week. Sure, I was like, Hey, I've been in the hospital for two months. Is this the right guy? Yeah. So stuff like that happened in place and things like that where it's basically, they're like, Okay, I know I want to do this. Let's just do this. Yeah, let's just do it. That's as, you know, at that point you're thinking, Yeah, well, that's kind of where I was coming from, was, is that, you know, do you still get paid the four or 5% for that or not? You know,

Speaker 2  27:10
man, it seems like it should be. I guess my only thought, because I know I've heard Matthias talk about it, is, if, because he's paying me. So if I do any work for you, I think just trying to account for that, but I think maybe that might get into our scheduling discussion because I we hadn't really talked about how I was supposed to help you. Like, do you have a calendar I'm supposed to schedule on? Or do I always talk I would

Speaker 1  27:34
like to do anyway? I would like to do a Google Calendar, and I need to set it up to where it works for me. I just, I am terrible at looking at calendars and stuff like that. I've always kind of kept in my head that's fair, um, but with this, I have to have a calendar set up, and I just have to learn that if I have something that's not going to work. I have to exit out. Okay,

Speaker 2  28:03
that's fair. So well, I'm wondering if the easiest way to do something like that, if someone comes on and it's obviously sold and all they need to do is talk to you to finalize it, if I should just bump it to you anyway and generally keep me out of it. Would that make sense right now? I think, I think that'd be good. Yeah, let's do that. Then, really, there shouldn't be any kind of conflict about who's doing what. It should just be you and that'll be clean. Okay. Okay, good deal. Are you in a place where I can share my screen with you and you'll be able to see it. Or should I just talk through where I'm at right now

Speaker 1  28:45
I should be able to I just need to reply to text here. Yep, no problem.

Speaker 2  28:50
I created a little guide for myself. So what also didn't get done this week because of Matthias family is I didn't get a chance to see the exports for your messages. And so I created a guide for myself based on what we talked about, and I'm pretty happy with it, as far as I know. I think, you know, we go through we test it out a little bit. We're going to see how it works or not, yeah, but I have some red in here that I just wanted to follow up. I found your Facebook page. I have your phone number, I have your email address, just the basic stuff. Do you have a business website that has any information that I could use?

Speaker 1  29:33
I have one that is almost republished, but I need to go so at this point, no,

Speaker 2  29:39
okay, no, that's fair. That's all I was curious about.

Speaker 1  29:44
Okay, now you can go to the thing is, a lot of people on these websites, they don't have a ton of actual information that you can use. Okay, yeah. But you can go to the manufacturer's website, and it's called First Choice metal, but it's with. The number one. So number one st Choice, metal, okay, calm, okay, and they're out of Nacogdoches, Texas. Okay,

Speaker 2  30:11
I can't spell Nacogdoches off the top of my head, though that. And I'll make sure I got it. Okay. Actually, will it just take me there. The other thing I need to do is also make sure I can log in. Is that right? That looks right? Yep, perfect. I love it. Okay, that's helpful, just in case. I know, the more background I feel like I can read, the better questions I feel like I can ask. So am I going to need to do anything with DocuSign yet.

Speaker 1  30:43
If you get to that point, then we'll get we'll get that to you, then we'll get it. I just don't see that being a you know, probably not going to happen for a little while, because, for one, I want to

Unknown Speaker  30:58
be reviewing probably

Speaker 1  31:02
until until you're very confident in everything know what you're doing. I want to review everything and talk to the people and make sure we're all on the same page before we take their money. Makes a lot of sense. Okay, great. I'm sure that, you know, there's some, there's some of them that you could get and walk through it and I just look at and say, Yeah, you're good. But then there's also a lot of other that I'm like, Well, you know, you forgot it, you know, whatever, or I didn't, yes,

Speaker 2  31:27
that makes sense to me. I I, my personal view on it is, I'm a little bit of a slow starter, probably, but it's because I'm thorough. So like, for the first, you know, few weeks or whatever, on a project. I'm always I always ask a lot of questions. I always try to get kind of deep with it. Sometimes that bothers people. But what I think it winds up the end is, by the time I know something, I know it pretty well, so I hope that's a good investment. I always tend to think of it that way for myself, is I'm investing in in a better, you know, future, basically, where I actually know what I'm doing, which is important,

Speaker 1  32:07
travel radius there. Oh, yeah, that's kind of a rule of thumb for that. However, like, if someone in Montana wants to buy a building, I will, by all mean, sell that building, buy, say, a fair amount. We've sold four or five in the last six months. They like and I have yet to meet them in person. They know that I'm here in Colorado. I have a Colorado number, right? They know all that stuff, but they just pay me a credit card or a Venmo or whatever. Yeah, we do Docusign.

Unknown Speaker  32:40
So, yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 1  32:43
So it's not like, I have to go to them. I do most of them, but it's not like, you know,

Speaker 2  32:50
that makes sense. I assumed that was the case, because there's always, there's the possibility that we can close that too, for the 8% is that where we're still talking about, okay, yeah, that would make a lot of sense. I just wanted

Speaker 1  33:01
to make sure that you're just like, Oh no, that's outside of our radius, right? I mean, our close rate on those is a lot lower, just because most people do prefer someone that's local, right? But we'll go Texas, or especially Texas, you know, anywhere south of here in New Mexico is where I'd really like to get into even if I'd have to drive four hours a couple times just to get started. You had mentioned that, yeah, that makes sense. I would love to get into New Mexico a little bit more.

Speaker 2  33:35
Okay, these are still pretty rough notes. I'll try to clean them up a little bit, but I appreciate the extra info that's helpful. I also, again, the way my brain works is I also see this as I don't know, regardless of what happens with us. This is a document you could keep in the future, too. If you wanted to hire somebody, I try to keep my documentation pretty clean, if I can. Yeah, because there's no reason you'd have to go through all this twice. Is my thought on it? Guess I don't know Matthias is, but I doubt he disagrees with me. Yeah, yeah, let's see sales, tone, location, okay, I think we kind of, we

Speaker 1  34:15
did go through. So can I ask something? Yeah, this is, if you don't want to get into it, I don't very much stay as private as you want to. Yeah, no problem, from what you said before. Am I understanding that you are getting, like you are getting paid an hourly or something like that on these or,

Speaker 2  34:34
you know, I I'm not exactly well, I'm not sure that Matthias and I have had like, deep discussions on that either. We're kind of seeing this as a pilot project. I think everybody's on the same page with that, but

Speaker 1  34:45
he's been, yeah, he's been clear with you on the 5% and stuff like that. Yeah,

Speaker 2  34:49
I know the details of the deal. He and I will figure out what the details of my deal, and I'm perfectly comfortable with that. If that's what you're you're asking, yeah, I don't

Speaker 1  34:59
need to. Know at all, like, I was just curious a little bit, because sometimes people want to keep business. They don't want their employees to know how much they're making. Yeah, because, you know, if at you know, we make three you're working on hourly, and we make three sales in a week, right? And you look at that and you're like, Matthias is making this much right off of me. Yeah, that stuff happened, and I was just like, well, I don't want to say, I don't want to say something. I'm not supposed to say,

Speaker 2  35:33
No, I appreciate that. I don't see a problem with being fairly open about it. I I'd rather Matthias were here to speak to it. But honestly, I guess my thought on it is we have pretty good communication between us. We both know where we are in our financial agreements. And if this were to turn into some sort of longer term sales opportunity, then maybe he and I talk about it. But I think that's, you know, that's between us, and I think we'll be fine. So I'm not too worried about the money part of it myself. Okay, that might just be part of my Well,

Speaker 1  36:01
I was more like I said, I was more worrying about me saying something that will then later be, yeah, that's fair. I a point between you and Matthias, and I do not want that at all, like, I'll walk away right now before, yeah, I

Speaker 2  36:16
really, I appreciate that. I don't think that that's I think I know all the details of this. I think we've talked about it. It's not like him to keep things private unless it specifically tells me. So I think we're fine. Okay, um, let's see location. Okay, so just double check and no, I'm done road suburbs, El Paso County is a maybe we don't do Colorado Springs, we don't do monument, we do do midway, or anything agricultural or rural, they have to

Speaker 1  36:44
back up a little bit. Okay, go ahead. I will build on the moon if they get the permit. Yeah, okay, fair enough. So even Denver, a lot of times I tell them, hey, I will, you know, I don't spend a lot of time with people in Denver, and if you go through my messages, you'll notice that, yeah, but I will tell them, I will give you our basic engineering at no cost. You get the permit, we'll build a building. Or if you don't get a permit, our contract says that the customer is responsible for the permit. Okay? So that kind of covers my butt, I guess a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  37:19
No, I get that.

Speaker 1  37:21
I will. If someone like, Hey, I just need you to build a building. I'm going to take care of everything, then we will build it. But I have yet for anyone to take me up on that in Denver. No, that's,

Speaker 2  37:33
that's a fair so I like that. That's a fair thing to say to to know. So just generally, if someone's pretty gung ho on working with you. We still give them all the appropriate information. We let them know they're on the hook for the permit. And if they go and do it and they come back and they want to buy the building, then we're good to go, right? Okay, I like it.

Speaker 1  37:52
I just like to keep it simple with that, because I'm not going to spend a lot of time, you know, there's people like here locally, stuff like that. I'll spend a lot of time working with them, helping with permits. I'm not going to do that in Denver. Yeah, I already know it's going to be a pain in the butt, and it's going to be too much for me. It's just not worth it. Wow,

Speaker 2  38:13
no, that makes sense. Well, I guess that's a point of clarification. If someone is in Midway, or it's a rural building right outside of the springs or something. They still have to do their permitting in El Paso County, right?

Speaker 1  38:26
I mean, if they want to be legal, yeah, but you won't do it. I'm not, I'm not going to pull any permits, okay, in El Paso County, okay,

Speaker 2  38:33
but you will help with engineering, right? Okay, in Pueblo, we don't do city, we do do County. Again, same caveat. You'll build anywhere, but you will do the permitting for 1250, right Canyon City, Fremont, again, city, maybe or slash, no. Customer must get the permit if we do that county, yes, and you will do permitting on the county level, on Fremont, yes, okay. Did you say Otero, you would also do permitting, uh, orphan, oh, orphan. Oh, I couldn't, yeah. How do we spell H,

Unknown Speaker  39:08
H, E, u, r, F, A, N, O, I believe

Speaker 2  39:14
that would be why I couldn't figure it out. Okay, like, where on earth?

Speaker 1  39:19
Okay? It is, according to Caesar, which Caesar is the owner of the manufacturing company, according to him, that is orphan in Spanish, okay,

Speaker 2  39:27
well, it makes sense. I guess I couldn't understand you the last time I went through a transcript, and I was like, well, take a stab. So thank you for that. I will do that. Yeah. And then, most areas, we do that, as long as the customer does their permit, if they need a permit, we look at travel time for site visits, and then if they we let them know that they need to usually talk to their counties about their permitting issues. As my basic outline for location stuff, yep, okay, cool. I didn't catch the wind part of the snow load. Conversation, do I need to change my building quote based on wind issues?

Speaker 1  40:09
Wind? No, because the wind is almost always higher than what they require. Okay, just the snow. Okay,

Speaker 2  40:20
so I do check it on ASCE, just to kind of cover the bases, but I don't usually really change anything based on that.

Speaker 1  40:27
Okay, okay, oh, I can still hear you. Okay. Oh, that's fair.

Speaker 2  40:37
Let's see if we get over 50 feet of snow load. You're going to explain that to me. Where are the if we get to a point where you want to add a discount, because I know you told me how to do that, but that'll be something you'd specify for me. I just wanted to clarify.

Speaker 1  40:54
So right now, the way things currently stand, if I need to do a price match or Hang on, give me a Second here.

Unknown Speaker  41:04
No worries. I

Unknown Speaker  42:23
Okay, I'm back. Okay. We were talking about,

Unknown Speaker  42:30
oh, we were talking about discounts.

Speaker 1  42:34
Okay, so as it currently stands, I can at my discretion. I apply a 5% manufacturer's discount. Okay? I've learned that at very rarely, that very rarely do I make a sale with the 5% that I wouldn't get without it. Okay? So I normally don't, unless it's like, hey, I need to do this, to close the sale today. Like, sometimes, if I'm just like, You know what I spend enough time, we need to get this sale closed. Or, hey, I need to get some money rolling. I will say, hey, I'll give you, you know, if you can get it in before the 10th or I'll just make up a number. I can do 5% off. Okay? And sometimes I do it, I just say, You know what? We're trying to get some sales in, sure. So if you can, you know, get it in by Monday or whatever. I'll do an extra I'll do 5% off or whatever. But apparently I'm trying not to do too much of that, just because, if the tariffs yesterday, the way it sounded yesterday, the tariffs may not be near as much as they said they were, but if they are, our prices are going to jump a lot, right? And so people are wanting to buy at the current price right now,

Speaker 2  43:52
that makes a lot of sense. Okay, now I just wanted to clarify that that probably wasn't something you did all the time, but we didn't really talk about it when you showed it to me. Okay, perfect.

Speaker 1  44:04
Did I send you the generic drawings? Engineering? Hmm,

Unknown Speaker  44:11
I don't think I have them. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  44:20
what are the what are those? Or what are they for?

Unknown Speaker  44:22
I will send them to you. Okay, I

Speaker 1  44:44
let me know when you open that there's a PDF there. Okay, take

Unknown Speaker  44:59
a second. I'm.

Speaker 2  45:19
Well, Gmail wants to be very slow today. I'm sorry I said email wants to be very slow today. Oh, I don't have him yet.

Speaker 1  45:31
I had a guy this morning, and he's all techie and everything. He was a surveyor, and he was, I don't know, I did a lot of stuff in West cliff, and I sent him these drawings several times last week, yeah, here, some reason it hasn't switched my Wi Fi. Oh, there it is. So it finally left my computer.

Unknown Speaker  45:47
Okay, perfect. It'll get there.

Speaker 1  45:53
And I told him, you know, check your for summer, for whatever reason. So a lot of times my email goes to spam. So I told him, you know, check that. And he said, Oh, he checked everything. He doesn't have it and stuff. This morning, he called again. Said, Hey, I need to go the county. I need to go to the city today. So I sent it again, and then I went through and I screenshotted it, where I sent it to him three times. And he said, Oh, I believe you. He said, I found it. I found him in my spam, spam, oh, well, maybe I need to deal with where

Speaker 2  46:34
that's interesting. I do have one thing that I need to There we go. First Choice. I got it. Okay,

Speaker 1  46:42
okay, open those up, okay, and you can look at as much as you want to on it, but you're basically going to start it's on page four is what you're going to use 90% of the time. Okay, so on that, let's say gotcha so the the ground snow load, slash roof live load. 90% of the time we use ground snow load, which is your first number,

Unknown Speaker  47:17
okay, oh, I see. But,

Speaker 1  47:21
yeah, yeah, but if sometimes we need to do live depending on so some counties are switching to a live load. But even then, a lot of times they can, they have a formula that they use. So what you do is, you know, along the top is your wind speed. So let's say you want 115 so you go to 115 but you need a 60 pounds per square foot ground, snow load. Okay, so you go to 115 you drop down to 60. Well, that says 36 slash 42 Yep. Okay. And what that means is our posts and trusses at 42 inches apart are good for that wind, at that snow load, with a vertical roof. The left number, okay, the left the 36 is if we did a regular roof or a box D, where the metal goes horizontal. I believe I explained that to you last time. Yeah, you know, the snow gets hung up up there a lot more. And so if you do it horizontal, then it would have to be 36 but since it's a vertical, 42 inches is good, okay, Eve, so in that case,

Speaker 2  48:39
get into that 3d builder. That's my Eve height. My it could do a 42 inch Eve height is what we're talking about.

Unknown Speaker  48:47
Yeah, okay, all right,

Unknown Speaker  48:51
seven to 10 to

Speaker 1  48:52
12. A lot of times I just switch it up to 36 I just do, you know?

Speaker 2  49:01
Oh, yeah, okay, fair enough. And then the winds, the 36 just becomes the standard.

Speaker 1  49:06
It depends on the size of the building and a lot of different things, but a lot of times I base that up charge similar to what it costs to upgrade. So when you do so, you go to the draw, the Bill the builder, all right, and you do.

Unknown Speaker  49:29
Okay?

Speaker 1  49:42
So? Yeah, I hit like a garage or, okay, well,

Unknown Speaker  49:57
okay, what is it where I can

Speaker 1  49:59
hit the. Double eight, one double EIGHT, one double Oh, seven.

Unknown Speaker  50:02
Oh, there we go. It did.

Speaker 1  50:06
That's Pueblo West. That's kind of the one I go with, because, okay, that's the most common one we use.

Unknown Speaker  50:11
Oh, that makes sense. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  50:14
okay. And then just hit garage,

Unknown Speaker  50:20
garage. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  50:22
and then do like a 30 by 40 or something like that.

Speaker 2  50:34
Okay, what's a normal height for that? Do I need to worry about it for

Speaker 1  50:39
this? You know what nine is for someone who just wants to drive, like, if they just want to park their vehicles in it and stuff like that? Nine, a lot of times they ask for 10. But nine is the most economical because of how the materials come, because they have but go do, do 12, because that's probably the most popular as well. People want to, okay, little bit extra high. Okay, go 40 long on that.

Unknown Speaker  51:02
Oh, 40 long and 3030, wide.

Speaker 1  51:07
Yeah, that's good. Now go back up to style, okay, and go all the way to the last option in that section and hit the four foot on center, yep. Okay, so if you look at the the engineering that we just looked at, the four foot is good for up to 50 pounds per square foot. Okay, all right, so that's that. So if it's over, if someone needs more. If someone needs more than 30, I like to bump them up to the 50, just because it's usually not that huge of a price difference. But if I'm absolutely pinching pennies, and I'll explain to them the difference and just okay, tell them what you know, why? Why I recommend it. But at the end of the day, it's their choice.

Speaker 2  52:02
Okay, that makes a lot of sense. And then if we I did have that note, if we get over 50, then I was going to ask you, but it looks like probably that's there anyway. That information is there? Interesting?

Speaker 2  52:28
Okay, I might have to look at that a little bit and play around, but I think it makes sense to me. Do you get over 50 very often?

Speaker 1  52:41
I mean, two times a month, probably, okay, it's not a lot, but I do some well, so in this, okay, so my point, okay, okay, so where I was going with this, let's go all the way to the bottom here. Yes, like to your options there, okay, in that building estimate, so all the way at the bottom, a building estimate? Oh, okay, yeah, it's going to tell you it's probably going to be all the way at the bottom, but it's going to tell you how much so the four foot on center. Framing cost is 850 bucks got. So if we go from there to 42 I would just charge them another 850 but if we go to 36 inches on center for for an additional snow load, I would do like 1200

Speaker 2  53:37
So walk me through. Am I going to know that? Is that a place I need to put this in? I got a little confused as we're talking. So is that a manual thing that you do? So

Speaker 1  53:46
go down. It is manual. Yes, because the builder, the 3d builder, does not go closer than

Speaker 2  53:53
48 inches. Okay, yeah, that makes sense. Because anything over that

Speaker 1  53:57
is kind of up to me. And there is a way, if you want to get technical about it, you know you can look at, okay, it's 40 feet long. At Five foot on center, we have, I can't think also that mine, but we have eight different we have eight posts, essentially, not counting the one on the end. Okay, at four foot on center, we have 10.

Speaker 2  54:23
Okay, yep, that makes sense. 40 foot, so there's two, yep. So

Speaker 1  54:27
you can, you can take that 849, 50, and divide it by two. Oh, yeah. Okay, so we're charging 425, each. And then you can figure out, okay, if we go three foot, we're adding at 40 feet, three foot. We're 13. We're adding three more. So, you know, yeah, 1200 1200

Unknown Speaker  54:52
Okay, yeah, yeah, okay, I want

Speaker 1  54:54
to be all official about it. That's where you do it. But if we're close, we're good usually on that. So, yeah. Okay,

Speaker 2  55:00
so 36 on a 40 foot building, and you just do that math and figure out what the the price part basically is, and you add on what you need to add on, yeah, okay, well, that makes sense. I gotta write it down so don't forget. But by Okay, yeah, four foot equals 849, 50 in breakdown. Do math, 436, okay, I think that makes sense to me. Okay, so if I that's probably going to be one of those things that you're the first time it happens. You're going to wind up doing it. But I couldn't. Can I customize the quote I send to them at all with that information? Do I have to put it in the additional so

Speaker 1  55:51
go to sales, login and use my mics up there, right?

Speaker 2  56:01
And then I'm going to have this, and then I'm going to be able to add a custom line. Probably, is that how you would do it? Yes, is it a taxable and

Unknown Speaker  56:13
that would be that is that is taxable. Okay,

Speaker 2  56:16
so I'm going to say, add custom taxable. Sorry, I had too many tabs open, so I went to my my scratch pad. Add in extra. So what would you label that? Then,

Speaker 1  56:39
what I generally do is 36 inches on center. Okay, but with that you want to most of the time you want to say like 36 inch on center, framing dash, 60 pounds per square foot, snow load or something like that. Okay, was there a ways to get around that? It just, if you just do 36 inches on center? Yeah, that works. No, it's fair. And then a lot of times when you take, so when the, when the customer takes this, he's going to take the PDF in, and he's going to take the engineering that I sent you in, and the building department wants to see, where does it say that we are building it for 60 pounds per square foot, yeah. And they can look at that and say, Oh, you're 36 inches on center. But even with that, I usually add it somewhere to the PDF, and this is something I'll probably be taking care of right now. It's not a big deal, but I do add it somewhere to the PDF stating the wind and snow load, yep,

Speaker 2  57:45
that makes a lot of sense. I'm sure people need to reference that at some point. So, okay, great. Okay, excellent. Um, not exactly sure how we got there, but that makes a lot of sense. That's getting into like location and snow load and that kind of thing, right? Okay, go back to I'll probably change where this is it at.

Unknown Speaker  58:17
See email. Okay. Uh,

Speaker 2  58:23
okay, sounds good. Um, deposits nine or non refundable generally, uh, credit, and that's something

Speaker 1  58:32
that most of the time, unless you take the payment, yeah, that's not something you're going to address

Speaker 2  58:38
that I need to deal with. Okay, just in case I get the question, I guess Yeah. Okay, so at some point, will you provide me a list of contractors for insulation and concrete, or is that also something You anticipate doing? I suspect I could. Yes. Okay, so?

Speaker 2  59:24
And then warranty information may be similar. I may not need to know it, unless someone asked me specifically. But is there any other information I should have on that there

Speaker 1  59:32
is a 90 day workmanship warranty, which is essentially that we did our job right, and it passes inspection. Okay? You know, we installed it according to the engineering we did. We there was no screws missing. There's no all that stuff. Okay? There's a 20 year warranty, a rust free guarantee. They call it on all the framing. And the metal, okay? And there's a 20 year warranty for the on the roof for leaks, and that that's only for the vertical roof, yeah, as long as it's vertical,

Speaker 2  1:00:17
does that is the vertical roof only for the roof link leaks, or does it also apply to the rest free I'm sorry, does the vertical issue? Is that only for a leaky roof, or does that also apply to any of the rest free guarantee?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:32
No, that's just the the leak, just for roof, okay,

Speaker 2  1:00:35
if not, if not vertical, it's 90 days. Yeah, I'm sorry if it's not a vertical roof, it's 90 days, or it's just the 90 day workmanship. Or,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:50
okay, yes, it is, yes it is.

Speaker 2  1:00:53
No, that's fair. Okay, oh, contractors for bond dominiums as well, I guess so, insulation, concrete, Vern dominium contractors, and

Speaker 1  1:01:03
that is something that I've been talking to my engineering. We are, we may be starting off with some of that stuff ourselves, okay, but, yeah, that's fair. You

Speaker 2  1:01:13
just guys keep me up to date in terms of what you want me to tell people about that as you go along. Okay, so the last big thing is how to schedule, and then I need to get into your Facebook. And I don't know if I have time to look at anything there, but I need to at least

Unknown Speaker  1:01:26
get into it. So were you blocked to get in?

Speaker 2  1:01:30
Let me well, I need the two FA Uh, let me pull it back up, because my session timed out. That makes a lot of sense.

Speaker 1  1:01:40
Just I just had a notification an hour ago that it says someone tried to log in, but we stopped them.

Speaker 2  1:01:45
That was possibly me. I hit the login because I thought you were going to join. And so I got a little ahead of myself there, and I needed a two factor authentication, which I didn't get. So I'm going to go ahead and hit Login right now, and what it should do on one of your devices is say, check your notifications on another device to your Mac and iPhone, 16 Pro, and you have to approve to continue the login. It says it may take a few minutes to get that notification, and if that doesn't come up, it does give me a button to try another way, see I can share what I'm looking at, if that's at all helpful.

Speaker 2  1:02:37
And I suspect we might have to do this fairly regularly. I'm not quite sure how much Facebook will make us, but

Unknown Speaker  1:02:46
you can usually save your

Speaker 2  1:02:48
Yeah, if I can save my device, or if I can save the login, hopefully it won't be too obnoxious about it.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:56
So you said a MacBook Pro. What other device

Speaker 2  1:03:02
and iPhone 16 Pro that one

Speaker 1  1:03:06
should work. I don't have my pro. My Pro is my desktop at home. Gotcha. Well,

Speaker 2  1:03:14
we can give it a minute and talk about scheduling, or we can try another way. Is taking a minute for things to communicate. Right now, apparently. So,

Speaker 1  1:03:27
okay, so are you fairly fluent with the Google ecosystem? Pretty

Unknown Speaker  1:03:31
much? Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:03:38
Can I add you? So if I go to my choice buildings at Gmail, choice buildings USA at Gmail, and I go to the calendar, can I add you to that? Or do you need to be I,

Speaker 2  1:03:51
yeah, I believe. So it's been a minute since I've done the permission, so I'll double check. But yeah, what you should be able to do is invite me to your calendar in some capacity, which I suppose I'll need some sort of editorial capacity so that I can create entries for you. That's what I suspect. And if that's a good way to do that, we can work on that too. Let's see. Oops. Did I just mess that up? I did? I want to keep that there. Okay, let me make sure do it the right way.

Speaker 2  1:04:32
Measures user. Let's see. Well, let's see theoretically, because the last time I did this, it was within, I'm sure you are your own administrator so you can make changes in sharing. Yep,

Speaker 2  1:04:59
yep. It should be pretty easy. Did you get a notification on your device yet? Or should we try another way?

Speaker 1  1:05:21
Trying to get it to update. Seems like it's slow this morning.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:25
Yeah, maybe so

Unknown Speaker  1:05:36
I did not get a notification.

Speaker 2  1:05:38
Oh, let's just try another way and see what it does. Do you have an authentication app like google authenticator, or some other authenticator?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:51
I mean, I have one, I think, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:05:57
okay, if you if you can find it, and if Facebook is connected to it, we can try that.

Speaker 1  1:06:03
That's a thing. I don't think I've ever connected Facebook to

Unknown Speaker  1:06:07
it. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  1:06:15
I I try that top one again. Okay.

Speaker 2  1:06:34
Theoretically should, if it doesn't, is there a is there a better time if you're, I don't know if you're home later and have access to your Mac or something. Would you like me to try it? Then

Speaker 1  1:06:48
I have a MacBook Air and I have my phone. So it doesn't make sense, yeah, but it does kind of seem like I'm not getting any notifications on Facebook right now.

Speaker 2  1:06:58
Yeah, I'm wondering, yeah, I'm wondering if it may just be like, spotty Wi Fi, if you're outside, or maybe it's just sometimes it just doesn't like it throws a little bit of a fit. I don't know. We could sure try it later if you have time, okay? Or we can go into this calendar and get that done, and then we can see if that notification has popped up.

Speaker 2  1:07:29
Should be sharing the so if you are you in a place where you can get to your Google Calendar and we can try the sharing.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:39
Yes, okay, so

Speaker 2  1:07:41
if you open your Google Calendar and then, I don't know what that looks like for you, but usually on the side, it's the My Calendars, I can send this to you if it helps, or I'm just sharing the screen,

Speaker 2  1:08:01
and you want to right click whichever calendar you want to share with me and select,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:04
how did you get? How did you get to that?

Speaker 2  1:08:08
Yeah, so let's go up to Google calendar here. So for me, it would be, I guess that's my actual calendar. But whatever I'd click, if this is the calendar I wanted to share with you. I'd click these three and I'd go to settings and share. Do you see something like that? I

Unknown Speaker  1:08:53
Are you on an iPad?

Speaker 1  1:08:56
I am on a MacBook Air. You're on a MacBook Air. So it should be like, I see that for you, but when I click on that, okay, it doesn't like display this only. It doesn't give me an option to share.

Speaker 2  1:09:10
That's fair. I had to go back up. It does say you're not going to be able to share calendars from the calendar app. So if you're on the app,

Speaker 1  1:09:16
no, I'm on the I'm on a like, I'm on the web browser. You're on

Speaker 2  1:09:21
the web browser. Okay, well, let's see. Do you want to can you share with me? Maybe I can look at it or see if I can give you that I

Speaker 1  1:09:58
I almost think I have to make you. To like, add you to the account.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:03
I wonder. Let me see here that I can just do

Speaker 1  1:10:08
one thing that like, I think, if I just want you to add it to my calendar, well, then you can't see my calendar. Though. I was going to say you could just do like your calendar.

Speaker 2  1:10:23
I could, well, I could create a calendar, and I could invite you to things as a potential workaround, maybe, but let me see if I can see what's going on here. So when I click one of these three buttons, just just a random calendar I have, I go to settings and sharing, and then we go down to add people in groups and let me see if I could add you. Let's see, it's choice. I don't know why. I can't remember this off top of my head, but I'll find it.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:00
There we go. Just

Unknown Speaker  1:11:04
going to test it out, see what we get.

Speaker 2  1:11:17
Probably going to give me see all event details. Oh, yeah, make changes and manage sharing. So probably I would have to be part of the organization for that, or you give me. Let's see what would be a good way to do this. Do you have Google business, or do you just go off of your Gmail account? Is there an organization to add me to?

Speaker 1  1:11:44
I have just been doing. I've just been doing my Gmail account. Mostly, okay,

Speaker 2  1:11:54
okay, let me see what happens if I go To I'm

Speaker 1  1:11:59
trying to log into zoom here. Okay, so

Speaker 2  1:12:27
Okay, well, you're going to get this doesn't make any sense to you, because this is just a mock up calendar for me. I did for some color coordination, but I can invite you to to events from any calendar I create. So that's a not great workaround, but it is a potential workaround for short term.

Speaker 2  1:12:54
And I wonder if I can then give you the right permissions to change. And let's see, yes, you can. You can have permissions to modify the event,

Speaker 1  1:13:05
but see, I can't see your calendar. So you can, like you can do your calendar, right?

Speaker 2  1:13:14
I can invite you to things, and I'll show up on your personal calendar, but you can't see

Speaker 1  1:13:18
a calendar, right? And so what if I put something like you need to be able to see mine?

Speaker 2  1:13:24
Yeah, I do, yeah. So we need, we do need a shared calendar situation. Which? What would

Speaker 1  1:13:34
there are advantages to is like, without giving you my username and password to log into Google. Can I make you an authorized user of drive and calendar and stuff like that? Like that's Ooh.

Speaker 2  1:13:51
Well, okay, so here's my, my, I'll verify this as we're talking but I think if you just have Gmail, let's see sharing Google Calendar. If you just have Gmail and you don't have something like by the is it G Suite or G whatever they're calling it. Now I've lost track. If you don't have the Google professional version of that, I'm not sure if you can do that. When you have the professional version, you have an admin console, and you can do all sorts of sharing configurations like that. I'd also be part of your organization, so we can just share a calendar. We wouldn't have to worry about it. Matthias would probably have a better workaround for this if one existed, other than making you upgrade to Google Drive or Google Suite, but I don't let

Unknown Speaker  1:14:53
me see what they call it now, Google workspace.

Speaker 1  1:14:59
I. In mine, it doesn't look like it's very expensive at all. It is

Speaker 2  1:15:02
not, I don't think, I think it's something like, last time I looked, it was like $6 per user per month or something. It's not too expensive. It would just be okay, right now it's telling me, business starters, $7 per user per month, that would be you and me. So it'd be $14 a month. It's not a huge investment. Um, unless, well, okay, it'd be you and me and, well, here's what the other thing might be, is it might be you, me, Matthias and and some like, if we're, if we're trying to cover your time, we all need access to it so that, I think we could probably create a shared account that we all use for it would be the better way. So it still just be $14 a month. But I think we might have to figure that out a little bit the best way to do that. Or, you know, you create, you create a sales account for us that we'd have access to on your end, so it's your email, and it's like a sales account email, so it's only two users, and then we use your sales account email to do everything that we need to do our sales account so it'd be calendar or whatever else We needed access to would be in there.

Speaker 1  1:16:21
I have a question for you when you hear choice buildings, USA versus Rocky Mountain structures, what? What comes to mind between the two of

Speaker 2  1:16:39
them? Geographic location, maybe Rocky Mountain structures. I'm a Colorado native, so all of that all very sound, sounds like Colorado to me, choice buildings USA sounds a little bit more generic, or something I'd see on the eastern plains. Maybe, I don't know location, probably.

Speaker 1  1:16:57
So I own both, and the new website is actually branded Rocky Mountain structures. Oh, okay, and that is the exact reason that I did that. I've owned Choice Building USA for like, five, six years. Okay, because my goal at the time, I had a different company that was local, but my goal at the time was to build a nationwide website where people can order without a lot of manual labor. Oh, yeah, and I got sick and stressed, and a lot of stuff happened. We moved and I never, I never got that done. My goal had been and I still it's something that, if I can find the right partner, the right person to help me with it, I would love to build a extensive website where people can go on, they can put in their address, they can put everything in, and they if they don't want to talk to a person, yeah, they don't have to.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:52
Yeah, makes sense to me.

Speaker 1  1:17:54
There's we're we're getting to where we have a generation of people that don't want to talk to people

Unknown Speaker  1:18:01
true in the middle

Speaker 1  1:18:03
of the night, in the middle of the night, doing stuff, and they would rather just play with their thing. Okay, this is what I want. Here it is. All the information is there, yeah, when I 1015, years ago, I would have been all over building that. I would have loved it. But where I'm at right now, I don't have the mental capacity to even want to chase that, but I still think it's a good business idea. But that's where Choice Building USA started. That makes sense to me. When I came here, I was working for a different company, and I had given up the carport thing. I decided I'm not going to do that. I was doing sheds working for another company as an employee in but then first choice contacted me, said, I came highly recommended. I do you want to sell? And I said, Well, this is where I'm at, but if you're comfortable coming in Colorado, yeah, the company I was with did not sell carports. So I was like, so if we have a customer come in or anyone wants it. And I advertise a little bit. I sold a few of them in that time. And then my father in law, guy had cancer and ended up passing away three months later. And during that time, I left the shed company, and there was a lot of just mental block, lot of depression, a lot of stuff. It's a long story to stuff in Mississippi and everything. But yeah, through that whole thing, I just kind of went with choice buildings USA because I already had it. Yeah, it makes sense, yeah, but I do want that we are local to Colorado for my local company, okay? And what I'm wondering is, is maybe where we're at, maybe we should just use the Rocky Mountain structures for you, and you can mention, you know, if it comes up, yeah, it's the same company, but I think for 90% of the P. So I am the brand. It's Micah hosteller. It's not Choice Building GSF, okay, that makes sense. So if we switch from Micah Hostetler to Rocky Mountain structures,

Speaker 2  1:20:16
switch how, like, where is that going to affect, where, what it affects

Speaker 1  1:20:20
which Google account I set up. I gotcha

Speaker 2  1:20:24
well, and so that my initial thought is that affects which Google account. Which Google account do you already use for your calendar? Or it does? Is it going to matter to you if you're not really currently using a calendar

Speaker 1  1:20:41
I use, if I do any of them at the Choice Building USA, but okay to say I use one, yeah, just kind of mockery to the word use. I mean, it's kind of, I,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:52
no, that's fair. Well, if you

Speaker 1  1:20:54
I use, so what I do is not that I don't use anything, but I use Siri and I set up reminders from on my phone. Oh, yeah, there you go. So I use that multiple times a day, where I just hit Siri I say, remind me to call this person on X amount of day or what, like that kind of thing. That makes that being said. I have got to start using a calendar. Yeah, because it's now like if someone on Facebook says, Hey, let's meet. But if it's not tomorrow or the next day, there's a good chance I'm going to be scrambling to look for those messages. And so as highly organized as I am, I take a screenshot of their information, nice. I set a reminder and say, hey, you know you need to meet with Jake on Tuesday or whatever. Yeah, and then I go to my pictures and I look for the screenshot to figure out where I'm supposed to be and what I'm doing. It's terrible. But

Speaker 2  1:21:52
if it's working for you, my thoughts are this, it's totally up to you how you want to set it up. And I want,

Speaker 1  1:21:59
I want a calendar. Okay, sounds good. And I think Google is I think the Google is very business oriented. Yeah, I love the Apple System for around home and stuff like that, but I'm not sure that they're as good with cross platform stuff is what Google makes sense. I don't true trust Google. I don't trust either one, but I trust Apple a little bit more than I do Google. However, I don't know that there's enough difference to for me to

Speaker 2  1:22:32
Yeah, okay, that makes sense. Um, yeah. We can use Rocky Mountain structures then for that. And how much email do you use? Not just calendar, but email in your choice buildings, USA, that's probably where that goes for you, right?

Speaker 1  1:22:49
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to set everything up so it goes to Rocky Mountain instructor, okay? And then you'll have access to all of that. Okay?

Speaker 2  1:22:58
I like it. I'm going to look into it a little bit after we get off the phone. Get off the phone. Or if you're super comfortable setting it up, that's great. I just want to make sure that if I can set it up, it just yeah, if Matthias and I both need access to it, it does make initial sense to me, based on what I remember, that you can create like you have

Speaker 1  1:23:16
and maybe you don't want to do this. But do you have access to a Google account that both of you have access to,

Speaker 2  1:23:26
like a Gmail account. Well, I have access to his, and then I have access to mine under our organization. So I'm not quite sure what you're

Speaker 1  1:23:34
asking, but if you have Okay, so if you have access to his, we could just add him as a user, and you could work under that, would that work? Potentially, I'm not going to gobble about another $7 a month, like $7 a month, if that's going to make no problem for me and I've got bigger problem. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:23:52
no, well, for sure. Um, so how about you set it up how it makes sense to you, and we'll go from there. And if we have to troubleshoot anything, we will that that's better than me trying to figure it out, because you know better what you need. So I'm trying to be helpful, but sometimes I need to shut up. I've been so, yeah, okay, that's great. So I'll let you do that, and then you can tell me what we're doing there, and then, okay, is it worth you telling me right now, while we're on the phone, though, what you would like to do in terms of scheduling, or is this going to be something we're going to discover together? Since you're just now using a calendar lead time, you know, like, do you need 24 hours? 48 hours? Do you those types of things? Preferences? Not before this time, not after this time. I don't work on Saturdays, any of that stuff.

Speaker 1  1:24:44
Most of the times I do work on Saturdays, okay? On rare occasions, and this is something where it just flat doesn't work any other time for them, I do a Sunday afternoon, if it's not too far, okay, so if it's I don't like to you. Yeah, I grew up manonite, and I was taught it was wrong. I don't believe that anymore, but it is more a thing of I went through some really hard times, and being able to tell people I don't work on Sundays was the only thing that kept me going, because I needed that

Speaker 2  1:25:17
break. I think that's fair. I think it's reasonable to have time I

Speaker 1  1:25:20
try not to do Sunday after Sunday morning is never an option. Okay? If someone's in Pueblo West, and they just basically want someone to come out and most of the work's been done, and they just want someone to see someone in person and give them a check, then I'll do it at three o'clock Sunday afternoon or whatever. Like, it has to be a little bit later.

Speaker 2  1:25:41
That's fair. Um, fair. Well, I hate to do that to you, and I'll probably wind up asking you anyway, if you're willing. I

Speaker 1  1:25:48
think maybe for now, until we kind of get in the rhythm, just text me and say, Hey, can you run to Peyton on Thursday or whatever, okay? And just usually I'm in a place where I can see the text within a couple minutes and I can say, yes, that works. Or no, I have, you know, can we do morning or evening or whatever?

Speaker 2  1:26:15
Yeah, okay, so yeah, logistically from my point of view, so I would ask the client, what would a good time would be for them, and then I'd send you a text to see if that would work for you. I don't offer them a window or anything for now, which is, I think, fine. I usually

Speaker 1  1:26:35
ask them when, when is a good time for you? Because sometimes people have a fairly busy schedule, and they're working, you know, five, six days a week, and they have one day when it actually works perfect, then that'll that'll work. But if they're say, Well, I'm here, you know, it's, I'm flexible, then I'll look at it and I tried to get it done as soon as possible. Yeah, you know, if I can do like yesterday morning. This is a guy I had been working with. Well, his son bought two buildings from me last year, and then this guy's been talking to me for a couple months, and now, with the price increase coming up, it was a larger building. He wanted to get that done, makes sense? And he said, Yeah, he called me yesterday morning, and he's like, Hey, I just talked to the county. We're good to go. So what do we need to do? And I said, You know what this was at like, 1030 and it's an hour and 15 minutes over there. I said, You know what? Can I come by today? Yep, I can be at your store at they have a stove and spa still in salida Pontius Springs area. I said, You know what? I can be there on one o'clock. And he said, You know what? Between one and two is perfect, and so I just left. So I do that a lot, where, Hey, can I come by today? Can I come back by tomorrow? But it does also depend where I'm at. All right, my dad this weekend, so my oldest two daughters are in gymnastics, okay? And they had their first meet competition in Denver on Saturday. Okay, so Friday afternoon through the weekend. This weekend is a no go for me.

Speaker 2  1:28:10
So would it make sense to get into a cadence to maybe on a Friday or something for the following week and ask you if there are any days that you can't can't be I think that'd be good. Yeah, okay, so let's do Friday. Ask about next week's schedule. I'll text you, and then once we confirm something, I will add it to the calendar that I will eventually get access to. So you have all the details. Does that make sense? Yep, with all details, okay, I think that's a good enough framework for now. Makes sense to me. You didn't happen to get a notification yet? Did you for Facebook anywhere?

Speaker 1  1:29:00
My Facebook app notifications I have turned off, so I have to actually

Unknown Speaker  1:29:05
open it. Yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 1  1:29:08
Oh, I wonder like I haven't gotten any notifications at all in a couple hours, which is weird for me. It

Unknown Speaker  1:29:14
is, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:17
okay. I feel like something's not coming through.

Speaker 2  1:29:19
Well, we might have to, we might have to figure out a time. Is there going to be a time for you that I could just log in and try to get that done later that would make sense to you? Or should we try here tomorrow?

Speaker 1  1:29:31
Or tell you what, if you want to just keep trying and eventually I'll get it.

Speaker 2  1:29:36
Okay, that's fair. I don't want to seem too spammy to Facebook, but I can try here later today, and then maybe in the morning. And so that's the really the last thing. I was kind of hoping to have access to that today and have you walk me through some actual messages. But I think we've made a lot of really good progress. And next steps are to do the calendar. I'll update the contract. I. And with the with Matthias being out, and with where we are in, message, access and stuff, are you in a big are you feeling any urgency here to get going by a particular date? Or we keep plugging away on this and we try to get it done by the end of the week, early next week? How are you feeling? I

Speaker 1  1:30:21
wish I knew what was happening with the tariffs. Yeah, that's understandable. I feel an urgency to go through older messages of the last three or four or five months and touch base with those people and just have some kind of a message saying, Hey, if you're still interested in a building, you know, we can still get that order in before Okay, and the thing is, I could go do that, but I feel like I'm hiring you to do that, and I don't want to take that away from you, because you can't make money with that. Yeah, well, and if we could, and I don't want to do that, I'm sorry, no,

Speaker 2  1:30:53
I was gonna say if we could get access to Facebook messages. I feel pretty like that seems like a pretty nice place for me to start, too, just in a training mode to go back and find those messages and send you go to messenger. Messenger.com yeah, let me see here. Or did you go to Facebook? I went to Facebook. Let me see if

Speaker 1  1:31:11
messenger.com Why don't you just see what happened? Okay,

Speaker 2  1:31:17
then I'll show you here. We can work it out together. Maybe share. This is what I get@messenger.com is it you want something else? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:31:32
no. Messing up is great. So right down there, I just hit this one, yes, okay. Why are you not doing it for me? There we go.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:48
There we go.

Speaker 2  1:31:51
Never go away. Okay, your account has a two factor authentication switched on. You send a notification to your Mac and iPhone, 16 Pro, okay, same thing. Give it

Speaker 1  1:32:03
just a second. Give it just a second, okay, open up another tab and do the messenger.com and see

Unknown Speaker  1:32:22
how log in there.

Speaker 2  1:32:32
Oh, did you verify it already? Is that what you're I did? Yeah, okay, then it should theoretically Okay, Senator, check your Facebook notifications there and approve the login to continue. It should log me in. I think it is. I see something happening. It's happening. I see it. Excellent. Good job. Okay, good troubleshooting. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:00
so on the left hand side, night,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:04
do you see this? Let's try

Speaker 1  1:33:08
not to do that right now. Just check out of there. Don't restore messages. I don't think you'll need it. If you do, then we can. So go oh at the top, go to the left. Okay, right there. Yep, marketplace,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:25
okay, yep, good, um

Speaker 1  1:33:30
yeah, there. So I've kept up with most of it, but tell you what go up to go up once. I believe there's one called that's Brandon, where he says, Thank you very much. It has not been opened, Yep, here you go. Click on that one once. Okay, yeah, so go to the top and just like, I think that is one that would be a good conversation, just to kind of

Unknown Speaker  1:33:57
okay, just to look at, okay, yeah, see like that guy

Speaker 1  1:34:01
right there. I could have just given him a quote right off the bat, yeah, and then, but there were a few things, you know. And he was very much telling me he's not buying all that. He was all you know, but in the end, he seemed fairly

Speaker 2  1:34:20
Yeah, he knew what he wanted. Okay, that makes sense. Is that normal for your customers or

Speaker 1  1:34:27
5050? Maybe. Okay, it's not uncommon. Put it that way, but it's not like all of them do. A lot of them do reply to an ad, and because that building caught their attention,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:39
that makes sense. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:34:43
So what I did then is I went in and logged in and I Yep, okay, I sent him a quote for that. Since I was using the 3d builder to give him a quote, yep, I just added his information to that and send it to him, yep, well, now he has a link to that. So that he can play with it to get the pricing he needs and whatever. Oh

Speaker 2  1:35:04
yeah, okay, gotcha. So okay, I like it. That's a good one.

Speaker 1  1:35:11
And I do like to, I need to send you that picture of that card. I do like to send that even when they don't ask for it. And the reason being is it puts a name to an official business with a Colorado phone number. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:35:26
makes sense. I just saved I need to get one. I

Speaker 1  1:35:29
need to get one made. You know what? I'll make one today for Rocky Mountain structures. Okay, we'll make

Speaker 2  1:35:42
Rocky Mountain structures, okay? Makes sense. So from here, would it make sense for me? I was just trying to scroll down to see what our history actually looks like.

Speaker 1  1:35:55
I feel like the last couple weeks, I've done fairly well.

Speaker 2  1:35:58
Yeah, I don't see keeping up with stuff. Well, if you wanted me to go back three months ago, or, you know, five or six months ago, even, like,

Speaker 1  1:36:10
just because they're open doesn't mean I didn't say hey, I'll get you a quote. And I forgot, right,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:17
right.

Speaker 1  1:36:21
See, there's a lot of, like, just open up. You know, Asian is waiting for your or Damien is waiting for your response. Oh, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:28
okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:31
You know, if you look at that, that's fair. I'll open it. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:34
Mark is pending, okay. Buyer, good morning. I'm interested in your

Speaker 1  1:36:39
Yeah, I never did, you know that is like, yes, we can, you know, I'd have to check your snow load or whatever, and just,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:49
yeah, yeah. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:36:53
so that's mostly where I'm at, is, like, just the ones that I missed, the ones that have not been read. Okay, try to catch up on all of those going back at least a year.

Speaker 2  1:37:05
Okay, okay, missed ones go back to year. And then anybody that didn't bite, do you want to give them a message somewhere around the long lines of, hey, I mean, how would you word it, about tariffs and stuff, the good time to buy right now, something like that.

Speaker 1  1:37:30
You know what? The crazy thing is, I am not a writer. I don't feel like but some of that, sometimes this stuff, I'm better off writing it.

Speaker 2  1:37:37
Well, yeah, I don't want to. I don't want to come up with something that sounds, no, that's fair. You feel the food right out. Yeah. I just didn't want to come up with something that sounded like high pressure, you know, to your ears, or something because of tariffs, which it sounds, I don't think it has to, but

Speaker 1  1:37:56
you know what, when it's older, like that, it's hit or miss. Yeah, you're going to have some people that are going to respond favorably, and you're going to have some people that are saying, Oh, he just want to make a sale. It's not reopened, and I'm going to do what I want to do in my own time, right? That's fair, so it's not. And some people respond to high pressures, and other like people like me, if you pressure me, I'll pay 20% more somewhere to pay someone who makes me feel respected, yeah, rather than and then there's other people that are, they respond to the high pressure, and They, you know exactly,

Speaker 2  1:38:27
yeah, so makes sense. Okay, okay,

Speaker 1  1:38:40
I don't know why, but Facebook has been so slow for me lately, and I've had issues with messenger not loading properly. Interesting. I

Unknown Speaker  1:39:12
let's see here. I

Speaker 2  1:40:00
That looks like you got some just regular marketplace stuff in here. At some point, a toolbox, MacBook Pro, so anything obviously that you've got some regular marketplace stuff in here, like a toolbox and a MacBook,

Speaker 1  1:40:26
proactive on marketplace. So yeah, a lot of that stuff is just okay. We can just ignore it and move on.

Speaker 2  1:40:32
Makes perfect sense. It's going to look like something like the building the description, yep, okay, perfect.

Speaker 1  1:40:39
And I'll try to keep an eye on it if something comes in for me, like, for that, like, right now I'm so my kids are in gym, my girls are in gymnastics, and they're actually doing pretty decent, and so they're going to competitions in Denver, and I'm trying to find a lens for my camera that does better. Oh yeah, I got, I got out of wedding photography and all that stuff years ago, sold all my stuff, but now this is indoors, so I need to find a different lens for indoor stuff to work with my camera. And so right now, I'm doing a lot of stuff on there for that, but that changes. I'm all about. I grew up in the hills of Tennessee. We trade and buy and all kinds of stuff. So even aside from this, you're constantly doing stuff. So yeah, that's

Speaker 2  1:41:22
great. I wish I had better skills at doing stuff like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:31
Let me know when you're okay. Let's go down.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:34
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:37
You were about I'm way back. I'm I went down to

Speaker 2  1:41:42
12 weeks well, and I was just kind of curious. I was looking for a place for me to start that made sense. I picked 12 weeks. And I guess I was just kind of curious, in this particular instance, would it make sense for me to say something like, Hey, I'm Mike's assistant. We're catching up on some previous messages. Um, did you still have some interest in this, something like that?

Unknown Speaker  1:42:06
So what are we going to do? So go to

Speaker 1  1:42:15
it's three weeks down. It's Teresa, okay. GH and I wish Facebook would allow us to search better, that their their search engine is the worst I've ever seen. It's

Speaker 2  1:42:29
pretty bad for this stuff, yeah. And I mean, FYI, I have to have some kind of external tracker for myself, and so I'll have something. They'll probably have the messenger link and stuff in there at some point, but, Oh,

Speaker 1  1:42:41
gotcha. Otherwise, I have tried to, I've wanted a CRM, yeah, and the main reason I want to switch over to business, even, even when I was by myself, was so that I could,

Speaker 1  1:43:01
is this one track stuff better see, like with a business thing, anytime someone messages you, it sets up, well, at least with HubSpot, the way it was set up, where I was, the company I worked at, was, anytime a message came in, it was assigned to me, it automatically created a profile right for that person. So any messages that came in by that from that person, yep, were automatically under that. Well, then I could add attachments to that. I could add any of our phone conversations were recorded to that, yep, everything. Yeah. Well, I frequently have people that we talk now, but then a week from now, they reply to a different ad. And they're like, Well, I really like this one. Well, now I have to go back and try to find that person, right? And it used to be I could search for that person and bring up all their threads. Well, since they brought AI in, it doesn't work that way. Now they're searching everything, not just the messages and, oh, boy, I hate it. It's a mess. Okay? Anyhow, they're Teresa, fair

Speaker 2  1:44:01
enough, I see two of them. I've got the 24 by 60 and I've got the sale 30 by 40. Are these the same person? 20

Speaker 1  1:44:07
they're the same person, I'm pretty sure, but it's the 24 by 60. Is the one I'm looking at. Okay, how are we going to do that? If that's all it is, do you want to take the phone call? Can I get you a business line? Or would you give them my number? Because I can take phone calls most of the time,

Speaker 2  1:44:27
I would say, for now, for what we're doing again, this be a Matthias call, I guess. But it makes sense to me that, for now, I just do this, and then if this becomes a thing where we're rocking and rolling, and we get more we get deeper into it and we're successful with it, then maybe it makes sense to do some phone calls. But for now, it seems like I just give them your number, and then really, what that winds up being is probably a 0% for us.

Speaker 1  1:44:52
Well, that's where I was wondering with that, is if? Because, basically, yeah, I mean, I don't mind. Paying you, maybe we could have you get X amount, just a set number, yeah for that instead of a percentage, yeah? Or, I don't know, I, you know, I don't know how to that's a that's something I would like to have Matthias weigh in on. But that's something to think about. If you think about talking to him about it, I'll ask him, because it kind of comes in where it's very little, and I'm doing all the work. Well,

Speaker 2  1:45:26
I agree, and I I like the I mean, it's, it's good to consider my time, and I appreciate that. But I suspect this is about five seconds of my time, and that's really hard to that's really hard to compensate for when I'm in the middle of doing other things. So, you know, I think, on the other hand, bring it up and

Speaker 1  1:45:44
and here's something you're going to find out too. And I talk to sales people all the time, and they get so frustrated because they're like, I talked to that person for Yeah, I spent all this time, and for three days, we went back and forth, and then they didn't buy or now they're ghosting me. Yeah, that's fair. Well, two things life happened to them too. They get stressed out, messages, texts are pretty far down on the list when other things are more important. And it could be work, it could be family. People get stressed, so don't burn your bridges with a message to makes it hard for them to come back right. The other part of it is, even if they walk, even if they go down the road and they buy from a competitor, we also have sales where, I mean, this has happened more times than I can count, where Saturday morning, I get a message from someone. He asks half a dozen questions, and he's like, Well, this looks like what I want. And I'm like, when do you want to meet? And he's like, Well, when are you available? And I'm like, You know what? I don't have anything planned this afternoon, and I can come by and I go by and I pick up a check for three or $4,000 yeah. And I had very minimal work on that, right? So you have to look at the overall scope of work, and don't take it personally. If you spend days with someone and they don't buy because you will have all these other and I guess my point to that is I don't want to take those away from you either. I don't want to say you didn't work hard enough to get a commission, because you did work hard on the other stuff that we didn't get paid

Speaker 2  1:47:16
for. Yeah, I think that that makes a lot of sense to me. That's

Speaker 1  1:47:19
very so. But if they do call me, it's a little different as well. It's a little bit if they make a half a dozen, if they make a half a dozen, you know, if they send a half a dozen messages, and very quickly they're like, Okay, this is what I want. What you know, where do we go from here? Then, by all means, you get paid. But if it's something where it's basically, hey, I need a phone number to call them, and I take everything from there, yeah, you know. But then,

Speaker 2  1:47:44
yeah, I think that to my mind, that falls in the 0% but I think I can write that, yeah, write that up, and we can kind of flag that from Matthias final review, because I'm not the one that's going to be signing or or agreeing to this, you know, agreement that you guys have. It'll be him, so I'll make sure that info and okay, I guess the other thing from a tracking perspective, which might also be during our weekly cadence, if I do something like this, maybe at the end of the week, I say, Hey, do we need to do any follow up on Teresa? I gave her your phone number. Did anything come of that? And you can either say no follow up, or you can say, Yeah, I need you to follow up next week, I'll be

Speaker 1  1:48:20
honest, probably, I probably only get a call from those people about, well, that I know of, yeah, about 60% of the time. That's fair. It may be higher, because I do have people that call me and say, Hey, I saw your I saw your information online. Because I do have my numbers on the ads a lot of times. Sometimes it's hard to see them, right? So I but there are people like Theresa, maybe her dad or her husband, who aren't on Facebook or don't like Facebook. Yeah, we're actually the ones interested. And she's like, I don't want to be the middle per middle man. So I just wanted, and I never know, you never know.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:05
How about some like, No, I didn't talk

Speaker 1  1:49:07
to Theresa, but maybe I talked to someone else. Good point. I do think, I really think this person I would have to look again, but I almost think her fiance called me. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:49:19
that's fair. I mean, I could, I could say something like, Hey, this is Mikey's assistant. We're able to connect with him. Please let me know if there's anything I can do to help or something along those lines. Just kind of do a check in from I think that would be good sales admin perspective. And then if you had talked to him, it doesn't sound weird, because they know it's the assistant reaching out. Okay, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:49:40
I just say, you know, there's Mike's assistant, and I just want to make sure you were taken care of. Or yeah, do you have it? Do you have any other questions or anything, you know, all right? And then set up a time, or whatever.

Speaker 2  1:49:53
Okay, okay, yeah, I like that. That's probably the cleanest way to do it, especially if. Mind to sort of track. I'm just gonna my my way of thinking. You can correct me if I'm wrong. Is it list looks like I have a lot of people to kind of understand where they are in the sales pipeline, so to speak, you know? And if there's anything we need to be doing to follow up and to close or to to say we lost them, or whatever, and it's just sort of the organization of where we're at. And it's, it's complicated right now because it looks like an overwhelming amount of stuff, but as I get into it, it'll be clear, I think, is where my brain is. And as we create sort of a system, or a way, we do this, and then it'll be clear over time. So,

Speaker 1  1:50:39
okay, well, and I can also sometime, like, if you, if you go through and you have several people that you're talking to, we could do a phone call, like, a lot of times when I'm on the road, unless I'm late for a meeting or something like that, I can find a place to park, and I can pull up messages, and I can tell you how to respond to stuff. Okay, you know, to start with, yeah, that makes, you know, if you have some leagues that are going and we can, you know, I can kind of walk you through it, and, okay, but yeah, it just depends how much time I think there's a lot. I mean, there's a lot of data here. There is on mistakes that I made, as well as stuff that's worked for me. Yeah, that's,

Speaker 2  1:51:21
well, I'd like it. I'd like a day to look through it, if you don't mind. And I think, yeah, I think, and then a day maybe to contact Matthias, because I'm not quite sure where he's at or what he's doing right now. But I bet we could start on this pretty soon, at least some of these things that seem like lower hanging fruit in terms of following up on, you know, do you want to buy because tariff issues and just kind of following up on, hey, did you know? Did you connect? Do you need anything, these types of things, and sort of jump into it,

Speaker 1  1:51:49
I think, and I don't know. I mean, the thing is, there's a so why did I not respond to the messages? Is always a thing, okay? And I already dropped the ball to where they don't have confidence that I am going to take care of them, just to be honest with you, okay, fair, yeah. So I'm always like, where is the fine line of I was sick to where that is a reason, and now we're on top of it, and we are catching up. We want to take care of you. We want to earn your business. Yeah, and at what point is that an excuse to where I'm just making an excuse for not being respond to? So it's like there's a fine line with the wording, sure, on how all that comes through.

Speaker 2  1:52:45
That's fair. So you're talking about in the middle of a conversation, maybe, if you didn't get back to somebody, something along those lines. Click

Speaker 1  1:52:51
on the one up there where it's Chris, and he says, Hello, let's see what he had to say there. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:52:58
oh yeah, okay. February 5,

Speaker 1  1:53:00
March 1, I just totally dropped the ball

Speaker 2  1:53:03
on that. Okay, yeah, so how would you respond to this Chris message? Then I

Speaker 1  1:53:07
would probably say, Hey, Chris, I'm sorry I've been dealing with some health issues and or are you still are you still are you still interested? Yeah. And then if he is, or if he's, like, No, I found someone else. Okay, you know, let me know if I can help you with anything. Send him a business card and move on. Right? You're going to find a lot of them that I dropped the ball on that I probably could have closed pretty easily. There's also going to be some people that you can be like, Hey, this is Micah's assistant. He's been dealing with some health issues. But we would love to take, we would love to earn your business. Are you still interested in you know, that would might be the thing to do on some of these, okay, say, Hey, you are. You know, you're not, Micah, right? But we want, we're going to take care of you. We had an issue. We're fixing it. Okay, own the problem. Don't make excuses. But yeah, yeah, okay.

Speaker 2  1:54:16
Hey, this is Mike's assistant. He's been dealing with some health issues, but we're getting back on track. And we'd love to talk to you about this, or something like that. I'd love to talk to you about whatever, whatever they said they needed.

Speaker 1  1:54:30
Yeah, you could do that. Or in this case, and like for Chris here, you could say, are you still interested in a building? Okay, yeah. And then, if yes, then okay, you can go back over it. We can go from there. Okay, and one reason, I'll be honest, one reason we double check this, one reason this was not a priority, and I was planning to get back with him, but it was during the time where I was feeling really, really bad. Sure. Yeah, but one reason that I made some others a priority, actually, no, it's not. I was thinking Avondale was up west of Denver. It's actually east of Pueblo. So it is the perfect place. It's in Pueblo County. Okay, so it's a perfect place to build. Okay, there are some that I just did not make them a priority because of their location. And so if I'm going to spend my energy and time, if I'm going to spend my energy and time on someone, it's going to be someone that I feel like I can help, or that's easier, you know, lower hanging fruit, if you will.

Speaker 2  1:55:35
Yeah, that would make sense. Okay, no, that's good to know. Okay, let me digest all this again. You might hear me say that second time I said it to you. I'm sure after a meeting, just to kind of get a sense of I like to kind of think it through on my own, make sure I understand things, and then I think, like I said, I think we could get going on this. I just probably need a day to think and read and talk to Matthias and see where he's at okay, but I'll be in touch, and you're going to set up an email account or a calendar. Is that still correct?

Speaker 1  1:56:08
Yes, I will, yeah. I'm going to try to set up the workspace, the Google workspace, or whatever it's called, okay? And try to see how, and then I want to get familiar with that as well, because, like, I have doctor's appointment in most weeks, okay? And that is in Colorado Springs. So I do like to if there's someone I'm taking Callahan anywhere up there, if I can incorporate that on the same day. It's nice.

Speaker 2  1:56:30
Okay, sounds cool. So absolutely okay, well, let's be in touch about it, then over the next 24 or 36 hours or so, and figure out what we're doing and just have a dialog if that works for you.

Speaker 1  1:56:43
And you know, like, I don't know this may be maybe kind of obvious, but I'm going to say it anyhow. Let's say there's someone that they're in Pueblo County, or maybe even El Paso County or something, and they want to meet on Thursday morning. Okay, instead of doing another one tomorrow afternoon, try to schedule it for Thursday afternoon or whatever, to limit that part of it right now, I'm not too worried about it. Like if there's only three meetings. I don't three meetings a week. It's not a big deal if they're all separate days. But I honestly think with you doing this, and then I'll be you get a little bit of a hang on it, I'm going to start ramping up advertising more. I think we could have six to 10 meetings a week, easy and possibly even a lot more, possibly so when we come, when we come to that point, I'm going to have to be very organized with, okay, I need to be in Pueblo on a certain day. I need to be in, you know, Colorado Springs area, certain day, or whatever.

Speaker 2  1:57:52
Yeah, that's fair. No, that's fair. And I'm kind of thinking that I should label your meetings with the location first, so that's really obvious, and we can figure that out on the calendar. Whatever makes the most sense to you. Add it to like, Google Maps. Yeah, I think so. Let me see here. Like, can

Speaker 1  1:58:09
you do something? I almost think you can, like, add it to the calendar. Then you can have it where I can just click on it,

Speaker 2  1:58:15
yeah, there's a location. So I can add their location to Google Maps. What I'd probably do is I'd put in the title, like, I don't know, in this case, like Avondale first or something, and then the name of the guy or gal, and the maybe the phone number, contact information or something. So you just have that right up. And then I'd probably we put the location in the map of the of Google, so you can just map that real quick, and anything you need to know will go in the description box. So whatever else you might need will go in there.

Speaker 1  1:58:46
I will say, even if they like, I will frequently give them prices and stuff, yeah, um, just as they, you know, ask for it. But it is really nice if at the end, or at some point, you're like, hey, if you give me your email address and delivery address, I will email you a formal quote. And the nice thing about that is, when I go to that meeting, I can search for that his name in my email right and get that exact quote, yeah, okay, this is what we started with. And then they want to change the color, they want to move the doors, or whatever. I have something to work with. I like it, rather than having to go back through the messages, you know, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:59:33
no, I was assuming anything I had messenger, I would put in your calendar under the description, so you should be able to pull up. I mean anything we talked about, you should have some sort of history of, and then you should have if there's a quote, or if, whatever, I'll try to make sure it's all right there for you.

Speaker 1  1:59:49
Were you going to or Matthias? Was someone going to set up a CRM with this? Or no, we, we

Speaker 2  1:59:56
had talked about it, and we hadn't talked about the specifics of it yet, because I had told. Matthias, I'm going to need something, and I think it would make a lot of sense, especially if he and I are both doing things. We're going to need some way to understand what each other's doing. So we probably will set up a CRM as part of this and then, but that's more his expertise than mine, so I have access to it. If

Speaker 1  2:00:15
I need to pay him for that, or I need to, you know, whatever, I'd be happy to do that because I feel like we need something, yeah? Because you know, if you're talking to someone, I don't want to have to go back to messenger and try to find that thread, especially because you could, you could go in like, if you start tomorrow afternoon, yeah, tomorrow's Wednesday, by Thursday evening, you could have talked. You could have messaged 200 people

Unknown Speaker  2:00:41
a lot, yeah, for sure. So for me to

Speaker 1  2:00:45
go down and try to find that thread and, okay, what is the history on this? Where are we at? And I'm supposed to meet this guy, I need to have information. Yeah, we need a place where you can put notes down. We need a place where you can, you know, the other thing we have done, and I have done this as well, is like you have a CRM while you can't import it, you can put a link in the notes to the thread.

Speaker 2  2:01:15
Yes, that's generally what I've had to do with messenger. Oh,

Speaker 1  2:01:19
yeah, what you could do is just do that. I usually have my MacBook Air, and I can just click on it, and it would open up the link to that thread, and I can look at it real quick, and it doesn't take me long to look at it and kind of see what they want.

Unknown Speaker  2:01:34
Makes a lot of sense. Yeah, I might have to do some quick and dirty

Speaker 1  2:01:42
again, this is just going to be, we're just going to have to start.

Speaker 2  2:01:48
That's what I think, Yeah, makes sense to me. And yeah, yeah, I'll figure it out. I've got some things to kind of look into, including how to set up, because I have access to our CRM software. I just need to kind of see if I can set something up here to get us started without messing it up from the get

Speaker 1  2:02:12
go. I need to have access too, so if we need to set up a totally different account for me, yeah, you know, I'm hoping that this works with you guys, and that we can maybe even add a few people to the team. And, you know, keep going and grow it. And my end goal is, I mean, in I would love to, at some point, make so I don't have to be here every day. Yeah, we are currently trying to get a house of property ready to sell, and then we are going to be building on the new product, on the new land that we have. Okay, so I have a ton of stuff going on already, and I love what I do, so I'm not like, No, I want to be hands off, and I just want to make money without doing anything. I have to have something to do, and I love working with people, but sometimes it would be nice to not have to. It would be nice to be able to take a day or two off. Yeah, absolutely. Guess is what I'm trying to say. Makes a lot of sense. Yeah, it doesn't have to be next week, but, you know, that is kind of a rough goal. That's not, yeah, probably not in my top 10 priorities right now, but eventually I would like to work towards that goal.

Speaker 2  2:03:33
Agreed. I think that's the advantage of getting this set up, is hopefully the long term is it gives you a lot more freedom. And just for context, I'm a Matthias Executive Assistant Project Manager person. So I think that once we do get rolling on this, if we you know, the idea would be that we find a really good cadence here, and that things are working smoothly, and then you could expand it, and you'd expand it into more official sales people. I've done SDR in the past, and I'm good at processes, and I'm help, and I'm his executive assistant, so I'm here, hopefully helping you guys set up that exactly the way you said, you know, to give us a good foundation to to run this well and to be able to expand it, to give you what you need with it. So I really appreciate all the information here. It really does help give me that context to be able to do that. So cool. All right, let me look at the CRM. You will look at the calendar. Let me digest a lot of information, and I will reach out with you. Reach out to you again, to probably tomorrow, see where we're at. How's that sound? Okay, alright,

Speaker 1  2:04:37
trying to thank tomorrow's Wednesday. I do have a few things, I think probably midday. Okay, a few meetings, but I don't know.

Speaker 2  2:04:49
Well, let me reach out frequently in the morning. And to tell you one thing is,

Speaker 1  2:04:54
I have meetings sometimes, and just because they say three o'clock on Wednesday. Afternoon doesn't mean it's actually gonna be three o'clock. That's fair. So I'll message, you know, message them the day before that morning and say, Hey, are we still good for this or whatever? Yeah, you know, for the most part, I can probably do that now. Where the night the day before, I go through tomorrow's meetings and I just say, Hey, this is Micah. Are we still good for 11 o'clock tomorrow or whatever, right? So

Speaker 2  2:05:22
potential admin stuff could be that, though, could be helping my calendar, yeah, and I think, as we go

Speaker 1  2:05:31
right now, I think, I think it'd be good whoever. I mean, yeah, at some point it might be you. I think for right now, it might be good for me to do it just, you know, and then if something changes, they can contact me directly, instead of,

Unknown Speaker  2:05:44
yeah, going through, well, that's about

Speaker 1  2:05:47
like, we can't eliminate all of it, but I am all about not having a middleman. Yeah, more than we have to. Let's keep Yep, I agree the kiss method, or the whatever they call it, the keep it simple, stupid,

Unknown Speaker  2:06:04
yeah, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  2:06:06
I find that that is worth a lot. Yeah, absolutely. Okay, cool. All

Speaker 2  2:06:13
right, I'm gonna let you go, and I will touch base with you in the morning, and we'll go from there. Sounds Good afternoon.

Unknown Speaker  2:06:19
You too. Thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai