Unknown Speaker  00:37
Yeah, can you hear me now?

Matthias Miller  00:38
I can hear I can hear you. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  00:59
I figured Mark's probably gonna fall in all

Unknown Speaker  01:01
right, applause.

Speaker 1  01:39
So on that, where we were with with the witch button, I got most of it, but

Matthias Miller  01:47
not all of

Matthias Miller  01:56
it.

Matthias Miller  02:13
There's a noise cancelation. I don't know if it's noise cancelation or something's battery. Maybe try that. It's I can, I can hear you now, and it's just a little, it's just a little muffled. I just quite catch, catch the words I

Unknown Speaker  02:46
you Seth, is that

Matthias Miller  02:47
better? There we go. Yeah, it's a lot better.

Speaker 1  02:50
Okay, all right, I guess if there's too much noise, let me know. Okay, yeah, the question was on that retrieval building. What's the FGI cost going to say before it gets invoiced? It's just going to be blank. It's

Matthias Miller  03:11
going to be zero, because we don't know. Okay, I wondered about that, if it's going to create trouble with discrepancies Between Hang on, that's Mark. Hey, Mark, Hey, Mark, hey,

Unknown Speaker  03:59
now, you if that is you're muted,

Matthias Miller  04:30
yeah, I was giving mark his call information, so I did wonder whether it was going To create discrepancies, like issues with the FGI reconciliation, because they're going to show on the FGI report, but presumably, and they'll have a retail value, but I mean, presumably, we're using, you know, actual cost, and so it shouldn't actually trigger any numeric. Discrepancies, I don't think,

Speaker 1  05:12
yeah, well, I mean, if it shows up as so it's not going to our FGI list. Would only be once. It would only be on that list once it hits accounting like, if we haven't paid for it, we're considering it as we don't have it yet from an accounting perspective, right,

Matthias Miller  05:41
right? That is correct.

Speaker 1  05:47
So it may actually be sitting on the lot, but it is not going to show up on our on our list of items anyway. Well, that's I

Matthias Miller  06:18
alrighty

Matthias Miller  06:29
Well, Mark, are you on? Can you hear us?

Unknown Speaker  06:33
I am, yep, All right, awesome.

Matthias Miller  06:38
Anything before we just I guess, meeting schedules. I cannot do the 28th because got I'll do a little little teaser. Richard Miller is coming in from out of town, and we're doing some stuff for the expo. So sworn to secrecy, so I won't be able to do but I can, I think the rest of my week. I mean, I would have some availability throughout the rest of the week, if that's if you guys want,

Speaker 2  07:21
well, why don't we just do the fourth instead of the 28th and do the fourth and the 11th?

Matthias Miller  07:27
That would be your typical schedule. I mean, it's that's fine by me. So you're out in the 11th. Yeah, I get it.

Speaker 2  07:36
Wow, the fourth, I could know the fourth I'm available. I just put that end was just thinking, we'll skip that one, but if it works for you, well, let's do the fourth and then the fourth in the 11th and not Do the 28th, Thursday schedule,

Matthias Miller  08:01
and then do the 20/25. Is not going to work for me either. That's when the shit

Unknown Speaker  08:09
shed Expo is

Speaker 2  08:12
so well, why don't we drew? Does that work for you? The fourth and the 11th? We just plan for those two meetings for now, then go from there

Unknown Speaker  08:27
is drew on, I wouldn't he's

Matthias Miller  08:29
on. It's super quiet. Drew said he's fine, fine with that. He's super quiet. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  08:36
I think good. Your microphone changed or something. Drew

Speaker 2  08:47
do it. I don't know. Are we on? I may have to drop around 1030, 11 o'clock. We're in that range. So there's a few things I'd like to cover first, but DREW How does what about your time? I want to make sure that we cover expect you might be on a tight schedule

Speaker 1  09:15
that better on the volume. Yes, okay, I'm good till my battery goes out mostly, but I should be able to go till about 11. I would think, Okay, well,

Speaker 2  09:38
I guess Matthias is, is, is retrieval buildings. Is that kind of top of priority for you and Seth? Or

Matthias Miller  09:47
yeah, we have, yeah, we have Seth and I, I've got just a little bit of stuff to wrap up, but it won't take long, and got time blocked out. Yes, that's top of priority. And we'll get it done today and have it ready. For the update this weekend. Oh,

Speaker 2  10:03
perfect. But is there anything we any questions or anything we need to cover now?

Speaker 3  10:10
Yeah, it was. We had talked about having a report for the non manufactured buildings, and I was wondering what all we wanted to show like, what columns?

Speaker 2  10:29
Oh, okay, you're saying what columns to show on the report. So, yeah, the report so you can,

Speaker 3  10:37
yeah, so I, I for now, I just added it under accounting FGI reports. I wasn't sure where you wanted it, but I have an unlinked non manufactured buildings, which will, by default, show you all the non manufactured buildings that haven't been linked to Thunder invoice yet. Share Screen with us. Yeah, just share that.

Matthias Miller  11:06
Oh, sorry. Oh, that one. Are you sending it to me? Are you sharing?

Speaker 3  11:09
I'll share it because it's just in dev, awesome, which I mean, yes, Mark can't see it, but right now I just have my hair down and weigh in. Yeah, now I just have stin customer, size, style and builder. I really wasn't sure what all you would want on here.

Speaker 2  11:35
Can we add, like, Do we even know where it's coming from? Like, I'm thinking greenhouses. Well, okay,

Matthias Miller  11:44
stand would show retrievals.

Speaker 2  11:54
Yeah, I mean, I think that sounds it's there. They're on this report temporarily from the time we create this in up until a time they're linked to a voice which has disappeared.

Speaker 3  12:08
Yeah, I have an ask prompt so you can include ones that are linked, but by default, it'll show you the unlinked one so that we can keep track of those. I

Speaker 2  12:20
think that's great. I mean, unless you have something to add, drew that that sounds right to me. For

Speaker 1  12:27
me, I'm thinking would be, would be a date? Would there be a date that would be useful on this like, I don't know as a surely, date of that invoice.

Speaker 2  12:53
Oh, I'm wondering it. I think it would be helpful having a creation date, or whatever we call it, on basically the same day that we create a a new building, a stint that date, and also and an invoice Well, it's difficult an invoice date, because there's a real potential that some of these buildings will be, It will be, they'll be on this report and actually resold before we get the invoice to pay for. I don't know what that'd be helpful or not. Yeah, I think it would, if it's easy to do. Basically, if you have a linked sales or if, if you have a sales order connected to this, you're building on this list. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  13:48
I guess if it's been invoice, just go an invoice date.

Speaker 3  13:52
So do I show always show creation date, and then if it's been invoiced, also have a column for invoice date? Yeah, well, I think that would be helpful. Is invoice date going to be confusing? Is it going to sound like it's the vendor invoice or what we know it could be just a sales order, invoice date? Yeah. So invoice date,

Unknown Speaker  14:14
yeah, that would clarify that. Yeah.

Speaker 4  14:20
Okay. Would

Matthias Miller  14:24
I don't know how to make the name work with the fact that a more streamlined name would be buildings needing invoicing. I don't know how to work it in with the fact that you can show historically invoiced items. But if you guys are happy with non manufactured buildings as a report title, I have no problem whatsoever.

Speaker 1  14:51
So the thing of linked or unlinked? Unlinked means no vendor invoice. Linked means as vendor invoice. Yeah.

Speaker 3  14:59
And we can, I can change grouping. I can change those labels.

Unknown Speaker  15:06
Oh, okay, okay, that was

Unknown Speaker  15:07
just what I started with. Yeah.

Speaker 1  15:16
I mean maybe just adding like link to invoice or something like that. Because I had been thinking, well, we'll want, we'll want columns for both sides, you know, the vendor invoice and the sales order. But if, if that's what the grouping is, then we don't, I don't know that we need that other vendor invoice link. So, yeah,

Speaker 4  15:41
good. I'm

Unknown Speaker  16:04
good. Anything else on retrieval buildings,

Unknown Speaker  16:11
nothing, nothing. I don't have anything else. No.

Speaker 2  16:15
Good. Well, I just want to, I mean, obviously we haven't actually used it yet, but come in, or, uh, express my thanks and appreciation and amazement at how at least this is what it looks like to me is, is how This is something we've been kicking around for a long time already, this whole retrievals, billing thing, and what I see both what Josh has done and what you're doing on the accounting site, we have a a very simplistic solution that's going to work really well. So I uh, yeah, I think, yeah, thanks. Thanks for that. Excited to start using that. And this has always been one of the retrieval buildings have always been one of the more difficult things to manage in accounting, and I wouldn't even say that we managed them. We just kind of live with the myth so far that it created because of all the manual work it the manual steps it requires. So, yeah, big thanks to you for for that. Why don't we just going to the agenda that I send out do one and two. Those are that way if I need to drop then you guys can keep going with those. So one was undeposited funds. I was just looking at seeing where we're at on some of these. And I saw that that user report is not is not working. And I think the intent was, if you go to that incident, there's a user report, I remember correctly. The intent was to use that one against the balance sheet, and still we're happy with and then we turn it into a standard

Matthias Miller  18:26
report. It's working now.

Speaker 2  18:31
Okay, that's what I expected. I mean, that's what I expected to hear. Perfect. The next one, accounts payable, aging report, looking at that, I think we're ready to turn that one live. It looks like Drew like you did, the testing of the sign off. So is that, is that correct?

Unknown Speaker  19:03
Yeah, I think this one's ready to go.

Speaker 2  19:11
So any what's what's reasonable on ETA on that says,

Speaker 3  19:22
um, I mean, we can for sure, but for sure, sometime next week, we can probably just squeeze it in today or tomorrow. I mean, it's fast. We could just do it

Speaker 2  19:33
today or tomorrow. Okay, now that that we're working out of Josh's, Josh said, we're about a week into this, in the next five weeks that we're going to be we're living out of staging instead of development. Does that make a difference?

Speaker 3  19:53
There's an extra step, an extra Okay, there's one extra step to get it to you all. Okay. So it takes a few more minutes, but it's not, not a lot. Where it gets dicey is if we have a lot of people working on stuff and then trying to get it all cleanly through to staging is harder, okay, but that doesn't, that doesn't affect us at all

Speaker 2  20:23
good. So possibly this week. If not, it would be next week. I

Speaker 3  20:28
I can knock it out in 15 minutes. If we do this week, probably okay. Do you know where you want it on the menu, or maybe Drew? You know where you want? Well,

Speaker 2  20:39
okay, if you look at the incident, think it's labeled there. It says, call it Accounts Payable aging. It plays it under, okay, payable in the accounting, perfect. Yeah. I think that'd be great. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  20:53
yeah, either nick or I'll knock it out the bonitas time. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  21:01
so then handle customer refunds. The thing on that

Unknown Speaker  21:15
open that

Unknown Speaker  21:16
says it's

Matthias Miller  21:22
check. Checkboxes says Drew had the new refundable overpayment teach Berman how to handle it. We are changing the

Unknown Speaker  21:32
payee to

Speaker 3  21:34
company, Bill to is, or bill to company is what gosh and Ellis were good with.

Speaker 1  21:48
Yeah, I have the new refundable overpayment type is in that's done. I'm still testing it out some. I've used it some. I think it's working. I just haven't created anything. To let Berman know that, here's the procedure.

Matthias Miller  22:07
So it's in Drew's court. We think it's done. It's entry score,

Speaker 2  22:12
okay, and there's, there's, unless something turns up, there's no more development needed on this.

Unknown Speaker  22:19
Correct i minutes

Speaker 2  22:24
good, or was one that's been on for a while, but I think we should

Unknown Speaker  22:31
buy the accounts receivable or changes, but I suggest we just go back to the incidence list and just start from the top for anything that we haven't looked at yet. I

Speaker 2  22:46
don't know. Is there anything on I mean, the top one is the accounting impact, a lot corrections for a lot periods.

Matthias Miller  23:01
We think this is Seth, is this? I think this is done, right? I think so. I think this is in, should

Unknown Speaker  23:12
be in the live system, true

Matthias Miller  23:19
test, pushing

Unknown Speaker  23:21
updated transactions across.

Matthias Miller  23:32
Think, I think drew just needs to run the transaction mismatches report and start, start having

Speaker 1  23:44
great where's the like? In order to push a particular one, that's good, there's enough to do it and see what sparks we can make

Matthias Miller  23:59
exactly Screw

Speaker 2  24:02
it. Am I correct? You haven't. You haven't had a chance to spend much time on this,

Speaker 1  24:10
right? No, I've been functional. I've been tied up in all kinds of things, so and now I'm on the way to funeral. So getting anything done the rest of this week's not going to work good.

Matthias Miller  24:28
Everybody told you it's going to be good to be an important person.

Speaker 2  24:36
So the first section, I don't think there's anything else over reporting discrepancies, I think we've I think that Accounts Payable thing was the only thing there, like that live, unless you guys have something else there.

Matthias Miller  24:58
Yeah, that's all good. Going to, I'm going to move the rest of this stuff out to history on the archive notes on that one, because that's all squared away. Good the

Speaker 2  25:13
undeposited funds we talked about that already. I think that's testing that user report, working through that and then standardizing that report once we have done that purchase transaction, not linking to asset. Oh, this was a one off. Don't think it troubleshoot.

Matthias Miller  25:41
Okay, I've got some today.

Speaker 2  25:47
Retrievals talked about that. So moving down into high autofill details, set you know what that is, and it's just something a filler project when time. So it seems to me like

Speaker 3  26:04
the thought of fill details, there are platform changes that have to happen for that, and oh, that has dropped prior that was going to happen, or investor tools anyway, and that has dropped priorities. I don't know if it may happen at some point, but I don't know why.

Speaker 2  26:28
Well, should we just I mean, if it so, is there a chance that it I mean, this could be out six months or a year.

Matthias Miller  26:39
It says, Could we have something like a, I mean, outside of this, but like a checkbox or button called, you know, add new compensation row and

Speaker 3  26:51
concert, yeah, yeah, we can just hack our way around. I think,

Matthias Miller  26:59
I mean, it's, it's not that different than having, I mean, it's not that much, it's not more complexity than having on and it's everywhere.

Unknown Speaker  27:13
Not really Okay,

Unknown Speaker  27:16
so just leave it there for now. Week to drop is

Matthias Miller  27:23
up to you. There is a, there is a, I would believe, to be a reasonable workaround of we just give you a button. Well, it's one of two things. We could give you a button to create a new row, or we could add a checkbox called copy from previous row, either one and and, um, and we could work around it that way.

Speaker 2  27:46
I like the button idea, but, I mean, I'm not it's, it's an inconvenience, like, typically, where we would use it most is new guy starts, and they start out on, especially with this incentive pay, they start out on, on one type of payment. And within there's a tiered, at least at some locations, there's a tiered process of about three, two or three steps they take. Week One, you make this amount, and then you know, if you form like we expect, you will, you'll move to this and this in week two, and then week three, and it just, it's just data entry to enter it. But I mean, if there's a, I'd say, if it's less than half a data to do something like that, it would be worth it.

Speaker 2  28:42
But I would, I would, as far as priority, I would put it lower than the next two items, the accounting discrepancies, finished goods, inventory, seems to me like it should be the highest priority of new projects. I mean, everything we've covered up above is, is kind of the in the final stages. So finishes inventory. Thing should be, I would put the accounts receivable report changes first in the high section, and then the finished goods inventory angst, and then this payroll thing somewhere towards the bottom,

Unknown Speaker  29:34
so is accounting

Matthias Miller  29:36
discrepancies for finished goods inventory just something to dig into and research and figure out what's going on. Am I understanding

Speaker 2  29:44
that? Right? It is, yeah. I mean, unless we yeah, I've got some examples, obviously there, yeah, well, yeah, accounts receivable report changes, I think those, we talked through those, and it's i.

Speaker 2  30:07
Okay, I had misunderstood this, but then I think we had a plan moving forward that nodes,

Matthias Miller  30:21
yeah, we should, yeah, okay, the

Speaker 4  30:31
can filter the dealers. Do the dealers ask prop list and no, okay, so the dealer. Sure,

Speaker 2  30:46
I think we had ended was you'll give us three selections, either a retail, wholesale or legacy sales order. We can select any of those three or so. We can select all three of those categories, only two or only one of those. But then within that, we would have a we could also filter by dealers, but the dealers if we select, let's say we select retail dealers then and then we say, Oh, we want to break that down further, the drop down list of dealers we get will be the entire list of dealers within that company. They won't respect the retail wholesaler legacy, which we said is fine, that's my understanding. Does that sound correct?

Matthias Miller  31:52
Yes, the only change really happening to the report is we're adding that three way prompt, yeah. So everything else continues to function the same, yeah. I mean, I think I'm saying exactly the same thing, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  32:07
yeah, you're saying the same thing with 10% of the words, so much better said, as

Matthias Miller  32:15
long as we're on the same page. That's all I care about. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  32:27
good

Speaker 2  32:29
at subtotals and totals, accounts payable, verification reports. I think that's a that's a basic thing to do. So is there anything else that we should look at before the before a meeting on the fourth I mean, we can if, if guys get to some of it. But

Matthias Miller  32:52
do you guys have any anything? Do you guys have anything of substance that needs to be done? I think that's one of the big questions.

Speaker 1  33:01
I'm not thinking of anything offhand. I need to just get to doing some of these things, like checking them out, sure we're done with some of them. I was wondering, is there a way to filter this list of instance, check boxes that are unchecked with my name next to them, because they're not necessarily assigned to me, but there's check boxes and something for me to do.

Matthias Miller  33:28
You can search. You can search like this, okay, that's just brackets. That's just brackets, square brackets. And if, if your name's at the beginning middle. Now, if some somebody didn't put the name, put your name, I don't know, put two spaces in or, or put it at the end, yeah, maybe we could also just search for now, if you want to get really crafty, we could. We could pull every we could we write a write a report that pulls every paragraph from every incident and shows the tasks that are associated the unchecked boxes that every paragraph with an unchecked box.

Speaker 1  34:18
Well, I don't know if we did that, but I guess I would, I would show it.

Unknown Speaker  34:25
This is, this

Unknown Speaker  34:27
is where we need notes.

Matthias Miller  34:30
Yeah, yeah, this is where we need notes.

Speaker 1  34:35
We only had that. I Yeah, it's not on the throws. Appreciative comment Exactly.

Speaker 2  34:54
So I do have one, I mean, one other thing that's, that's, this is not urgent, but it'd be nice to knock off. Is the sales order updates to make, and

Speaker 2  35:11
so it looks like I still owe you a marked up copy of what we want to see on that is that, unless you tell me the notes are good enough, you know what I what we're looking For.

Unknown Speaker  35:28
Payment option,

Unknown Speaker  35:35
sorry,

Speaker 2  35:38
payment type, I guess, or um, yes, so that you looking at the PDF copy of the sales order, you can see, are they paying it by with finance or, yeah words. So so that a a hauler does not try to collect final payment. The customer says, I mean, that's what they typically do. And the customer says, Well, I'm paying with Jane sky or landmark or whatever finance option.

Matthias Miller  36:12
So could we just, instead of showing the amount paid, could we group it by payment methods. So, payments, you know, credit card payments, other payments, check payments, and anything that any payment type, and this is, this gets paid. You know, these are not payment types. These are payment methods, because, anyway, then we need to know. I mean, we don't want to show our internal payment types. We almost need on the payment method. We need a how do you want to label this on the vendor invoice.

Speaker 2  37:02
Well, okay, but I think it's that the project up above where we revised the checkout process, which I don't know that process, but when a customer goes through the checkout process, or a dealer for paying for a customer, the thought was that when it asked, How do you pay? How will you pay for your building, that we would use that payment option, but that that typically was just talking about the the down payment, right? It wouldn't

Matthias Miller  37:42
right. I don't know if there's a is there another field like RTO with note like to have the options for payments, checking out, options for financing. I

Matthias Miller  38:04
green sky landmark upgrade foundations,

Matthias Miller  38:11
Josh places is done test train dealers on how to use it. This might be a Dwayne question to find out how this works. Seems like that would be the easiest way. So let's go back to the sales work environments. Um,

Matthias Miller  38:40
I mean, most that's that's the only that is the only variable. And I also think optimizing to fit the entire sales order on one letter size paper, that we are one letter size paper, we need to figure out how many line items we want to allow in order to do that. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  39:07
so what?

Speaker 2  39:14
And I'm quite question, but like, how do you I think QuickBooks does that as well, like, on their income statement, balance sheets, and I don't know how they do that, but is is there? But let's not get distracted with that. This is so what do you need from from us to on this project? Do you? Do you want? And I can get you a marked up copy of here's here's what we'd like to see. We have something to work off of.

Matthias Miller  39:47
Are you fine? Like, I'm hearing, I'm seeing one here with, like, probably, I don't know, 20 lines. Are you fine with just always using small fonts and reducing spacing substantially to. Get this to all fit on a single page?

Speaker 2  40:03
Well, I think there's a limit. You know, some at some point we have to.

Speaker 2  40:13
There are some that it'll be too crowded to squish everything on one page. But, and I think we can also, there's, there's more, we can gain some space up at the top as well. There's, there's lots of into real estate up there. I think where we could,

Matthias Miller  40:39
if you're open to, I think, I think it could be reasonable, if you're open to generally open to just removing a bunch of empty space and and things like that.

Matthias Miller  40:56
I think there's a lot of opportunity to,

Speaker 2  40:59
well, can we do this? Could you, could you mock something up relatively easy in that the test system, or somewhere even outside of assist, and I'd like to get it approved. This is one of those things where I think to all, all of us on this call, it's not a big deal, but I know that it's going to be a bigger deal to sales people and sales managers if that suddenly changes looks, and it looks really different, right? But would it be reasonable for you to mock up a copy and I'll get feedback from from everyone before we actually fill it out then, or is it better for me to do to mock something up and then come back to you with, here's kind of what we're

Matthias Miller  41:46
looking well, I don't, I don't think this is rocket science. I think, I think, I think we, we mock it up and try to figure out ways in our end that we can then consolidate space right past you. It's

Unknown Speaker  41:57
not like, okay,

Speaker 2  42:00
good. I like it that the one thing that that you should do when you do this, and this is a silly not this nuts, not silly, but it's is when the signature line wraps onto the next page. It always makes people scratch their heads a little like, Oh, two pages, you get the signature line on the second page for the customer to sign. And it's, it's, it's a kind of a pet peeve for guys to have two pages just because you have the signature line

Unknown Speaker  42:33
pushing to the second page. And then you'll reach out to Dwayne on figuring out the the finance or the payment type, or what you pull it there.

Matthias Miller  42:47
I pulled it up. It's already on the sales order. The sample sales order that was, oh, okay, yeah, we're already showing it. So, okay, perfect.

Unknown Speaker  43:00
Good. Good, awesome.

Speaker 2  43:07
Okay, well, that covers everything I had. You guys, seems like we were a little I was a little rambling as far as priorities. I don't know. Is there, yes, if he wants to, is there a better way to prioritize these? I mean, we could go in and add numbers or some type of self existence. Whatever works for you is fine with

Speaker 3  43:38
me. What's easy for me is just going by the priority we have set, like, one, two, etc. But

Speaker 2  43:47
you mean how they're listed on the to do list? Are the in, in the incidents, yeah, like, Oh, are you saying within the subgroups,

Speaker 3  43:59
there's the very high. There's a pre, yeah, there's a priority field on incidents that

Speaker 2  44:06
easy, but those are correct. It's just the only thing we don't have is priorities within right? But, yeah, good. Like it.

Matthias Miller  44:19
Okay. Well, sounds good. We will good, get some that stuff cleaned up and go from there.

Speaker 2  44:29
Okay. Sounds good. Awesome. Appreciate it. Okay, thank you. Karen.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai