Speaker 1  00:24
Hello, oh, boy, oh, boy. What do we got here? What do we got, what do we got, what do we got. Why is this not picking what Come on now. Oh, hello. Speaker. Try it again. Hello, hello, Hey, there we go.

Unknown Speaker  00:44
Look at us go.

Speaker 2  00:55
What's new today? You know?

Matthias Miller  01:06
All right. Well, do you want the random thing before we get into

Speaker 2  01:09
the random thing is always fun. Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  01:13
you know, been writing this. It was, it was encouraged to write this kind of mini manifesto for the expo. Here's what's wrong with the world. Then I ran it through Claude, and was like, Can you please take this down to a fifth grade reading level? And it's actually it's going to take some work, but I think this could actually work. My first instinct is, this is so bland and vanilla. Like, why would anybody redid this? And then I started taking a look at it closer, and I'm like, Yeah, nobody, none of these guys think, like, like, I wrote, like, it's so far from how they think. So,

Unknown Speaker  01:55
give me, uh, give me a give me.

Matthias Miller  02:00
Okay, so, like, you know, opening up with, like, here's where we are in the world. Like, you got the top five running half the industry and and there's a small sliver that are vertically integrated, and most of us are stuck in the past. And if you want to survive, you got to vertically integrate. Well, okay, great, that's actually not a problem. Here's the real problem. Like, you just gotta make it drop dead stupid, like you don't have marketing that works. Okay, sure. I mean, that doesn't answer the question of how you get it. But, and number two, instead of saying you're stuck in the past in some form or fashion, number two is, well, you still have order takers, and you're tolerating order takers, or staying loyal to order takers. Probably the most you know, the most technical jargon is like you're not willing to cross the vertical integration desert. Well, what does that mean? And maybe there's a better term. Maybe it's the online sales desert that might be a better term for it. But making the leap from from Wholesale to from dealer model to internal salesperson, and so getting very, very specific, and these are the specific you don't know. And it's not you don't know your numbers, it's, and I might actually keep that, but it's you don't know your profit and cash, and we're not even talking about commission percentages, contact rate anything like that. We're just assuming that's a little detail about hiring a real salesperson that you'll learn once you get there. And I'm reading this, and I'm like, kindergarten, and it's not that interesting, and I was talking to Audra, and she's like, Yeah, but if you were talking a bunch of agricultural rural folks and you told them, yeah, I think your problem might be that you're kind of stuck in the past. Their eyes would pop open a little bit and they'd be like, Wait, we are. They

Matthias Miller  04:14
might not want to believe it, but framed the right way, at least, I

Unknown Speaker  04:26
go for it.

Speaker 2  04:32
You should find a way to say that there are too many of you trying to ring innovative juices out of a turnip that has no longer anywhere juice.

Speaker 3  04:42
Well, I juice. Stop looking for something that's going to revolutionize the industry, and just go off and do good work.

Matthias Miller  04:50
Well, I mean, I think,

Speaker 3  04:55
yeah, that's my, that's my, that's, that's Dwayne. Jaded viewpoint of this industry.

Speaker 2  05:08
Hence, hence, the reason you have shed guys trying to become software innovators,

Unknown Speaker  05:14
me included,

Matthias Miller  05:18
you're slightly more grounded than some of them that I've talked to.

Unknown Speaker  05:21
What do you mean?

Matthias Miller  05:25
Well, I mean, my latest experience, really was them begging me to come work for me. And I haven't really had much of an appetite to go back and say, Well, this is probably what this is really what needs to happen. You don't need another coder. You guys need to stop losing clients before they ever get started. That's what you need to do. Oh, oh, you mean this big, fancy idea in the future that we're building this multi billion dollar tech companies, or getting, this is my rant version through our provisional patents like that's not where the money like, you're not getting you're you're you're moving so fast you're spitting gravel out the back and you're maiming people in the process. Besides that, it's working fairly well.

Unknown Speaker  06:14
Okay, let me ask a question. That comment was in reference to response to losing people on the front end of their software or

Unknown Speaker  06:27
their software software so

Speaker 2  06:33
so client comes and says, I want to use your software. What? What makes you say that? And I'm not asking for specifics about their software. I'm asking for specifics of we have, we have yet to even step foot into the idea of onboarding clients, and I'm, I'm suspicious that at some point I'm going to need to invest a whole lot of time into onboarding experience versus how cool the software is.

Matthias Miller  07:08
Yeah, so I think I mean the way I would frame this, maybe this is terrible, but,

Unknown Speaker  07:16
well, sorry, how would I frame this?

Matthias Miller  07:20
There's a few ways to control for it, but can you just not lie to me about where you're at? Oh, okay. Like, just think, look more about that. We if this is going to be okay, the true story, we get on a sales call. We've had conversations in the past. You can probably put two and two together, who this is. I'm not trying to throw anybody under the bus, but we get on a sales call. It's like, we are moving fast. We can crank we do changes accounting integration. I actually asked them about accounting integration. They're like, that's easy. We can get that done in a couple of weeks. That's no problem. Like, like, we can move. I'm like, I don't know how you guys are doing it, but that's cool. And we can move, all right, they never send a request for deposit. They start onboarding the client. There's a week between turnaround times. They said, we really reduced onboarding. And then when they launched, launched a 3d builder. It didn't look anything like the buildings and and so, so just say, well, it's two things.

Speaker 1  08:28
One there, I think. Let me just Yeah, I think they're out on the desktop by Addison.

Matthias Miller  08:34
Go ahead, just be honest. Say, Look, we're getting the onboarding process dialed in, and don't you be this high faluting CEO, visionary guy that sells the product and disappears in the process. Keep your hands in the kitchen and be and tell them, I promise you like we are going to set up calls. I am going to go over this with you. I'm going to be in the thick of things because we're putting this onboarding process together, if that's indeed how it's going to go. And I think probably for the first few it will be. And you say we are going to do our absolute best, we're going to be straight up honest with you, we think we're far ahead. But every time you do something like this for the first time, it's a little bumpy. And here, it reminds me of the story of a realtor who, or it was a broker, mortgage broker or something, who gave out fridge magnets, you know, the front end was their name, and the back end was this list of 21 things that always go wrong on any kind of purchase And and they would literally text customers say, hey, look, I just want you to know we ran into number 19. It's a little bit of a hiccup, and we're gonna, we're gonna get past it. And people will be like, number 19. Oh, okay. Oh, they actually, oh, okay, cool. We're good hands. And just assuring that, so don't promise we're gonna get you on board. And. Two weeks. It's going to be fast. It's awesome. Everything's going to be glitchy, not glitchy, like just make, make promises that you can keep. I think it's that simple and be straightforward without shooting yourself on the sales end. I think there is potentially a place to say, look, this is the end game. And if I tell you too much about how hard the journey is going to be, you're going to talk yourself out of it and not get what you actually want. I think there is actually room for that. And room for that in sales. It needs to be judicious and whatever, but that's what I think, and I also think so. So from your perspective, you have an advantage. You start rolling out internally, you do an internal migration from RTO Pro, if you're managing multiple companies, you then have the opportunity to have done that multiple times. So now that piece is dialed in. Now you can honestly say, sit down with somebody face to face. See the the last we did this, we rolled this out internally. Our last onboarding time was four weeks. I'm going to, I'm going to tell you you should expect a six week time frame and just set that expectation, or we know from past experience, we're going to expect a six week implementation period. What if that's your past experience, plus a little bit of margin, because you don't know what you're getting yourself into with them, and then you're all hands on deck. You're aiming internally for four. Get it done at four. You go back to them. We're here. We're live last two weeks. If you need it, it's making little tweaks, changes and fixes, and then you take your lessons, you roll them into the next onboarding. If that's indeed what it is, that might be like a week. It might be a day. I might be, you know, we might get it so dialed in that it doesn't even

Speaker 2  11:45
whatever. There is no such thing as being so dialed in that you anticipate everything. Everybody's going to come with, something that's going to throw a right hand curve. And

Unknown Speaker  11:57
I Well,

Speaker 2  12:02
this is one of the, this is one of these things where it's like, I get to be the designer of an experience I always wish I had. And that's that's always dangerous, because I'm, I'm an one person, and I want a particular experience, and everybody feels the exact same way about that, and so I don't know, it's one of these things where, no, okay, no, the actual real question is this. Here's the real question. Conceptually in my mind, I've been mulling over going to the nbsra sitting a table down with some nice marketing material and cool 3d printed models sitting on a table and

Unknown Speaker  12:47
having to talk about the fact

Speaker 2  12:51
that, no, I can't onboard you today. No, I can't onboard you tomorrow. I'm not planning on trying to onboard anybody until maybe let's for the sake of the conversation six months, yep, and Mr. Customer, Mr. RTO client, I really think at the point that I'm ready to start onboarding people, you should line up and come, come join my software and because I you know, but how to have that conversation in a way that

Unknown Speaker  13:19
is, that is

Speaker 2  13:24
intriguing, interesting, and not like,

Unknown Speaker  13:36
Oh no, What?

Matthias Miller  13:39
What? I don't know if this is the right angle or pitch, but isn't there something like, I mean, my experience is not unique. I have another client who had a software product that promised accounting integration. Surprising. It's the same thing three years ago, four years ago, switched to EBMs because of it still hasn't arrived, probably won't. So they specifically switched accounting systems because they thought they were going to get it, or that was one of the big drivers of switching. How many times in this industry have people been sold on hopes and dreams, and I would just straight up say, like, I

Unknown Speaker  14:25
don't know how to describe it,

Matthias Miller  14:28
but surely there's a way that you can spin this that says, Look, I don't I believe when you want to take somebody, well, go ahead. You're thinking something. I

Unknown Speaker  14:43
well, okay, if I if,

Speaker 2  14:46
if, there's one thing I would love to bring people along for, and that is that, Hey, I like. My ultimate dream would be to build this software in. And have enough people sign up on board that it generates enough revenue that I can confidently look at my clients and say, look when you sign up on on for using this software. The platform that we built on is intended for custom software for your personal business, and we are blessed with the ability to say, you don't particularly like the way that something works. Well, we're not going to charge you anything more to fix it. We're going to go, we're going to go, adapt, and we're going to, we're going to, essentially, if you could cross the the if you could marry two bridges, and that would be the bridge of building your own custom software and using retail off the shelf software, if you could marry those two together, had they experience wise, so that when as a client, you came to us and You said, Look, we, you know, we're really interested in the, you know, this particular workflow just doesn't work real well. And engage with that client to say, okay, tell us how you think it should work. And then one, because of the way that so much stuff works inside of the software, more than likely, we already have the fields and like, all the data points are there and the fields are there, and we go off and build some, you know, user report that says, you know, here's, you know, we make we do something like this, and we make it appear like we just went and built some fancy module for them, because that was at the end of the day. I most of the clients are not going to understand the the core fact that on this platform, if you have the data points there, if you have the fielding for it, it's like we can go off and do unbelievable cool things.

Matthias Miller  16:52
On your beta, you should have a set of features, okay, on, on, on the on, you should have a set of features where you can in the silver loom settings, you can put in a logo and have a set of features where on the detail screen it says custom developed for with their logo, and on the report in the preface, it shows exactly the same thing. And you can go flip it on and be like, let's but let me go. I can get you a completely custom report like this. You go, somebody goes in the bag, you flip the switch, and here it is. But here's

Speaker 2  17:35
Okay, so here's a case in point, right? So you've heard about these pricing struggles that we've been having with an assist, that there's been a giant pain in the ass, right? And so Monday, I'm hacked off because I have to sit here and figure out how to handle a whole bunch of of buildings, that there is no way that I'm going to sit here and open up every single one of these and recalculate them and figure out what the price should be, and then stomp it in and on so on and so forth. So what do I do? I go digging for, oh, guess what? I go I start digging through macros. I start digging through, you know, reports on where they are, where it is calculated correctly. I figured out, oh, here's the deal, Mr. Josh, how there's already, There's already stuff in here, that is, there's macros that are calculating correctly. So if I take that macro and I tell that field to equal that macro, then guess what? I can go build a custom a custom report and go select Nick just all done. Oh yeah. And by the way, talk to Matthias and he goes, Oh yeah. You can do simultaneous imports. You can go, you can, you can rejigger the sales order at the same time.

Unknown Speaker  18:42
Well, yeah, dude,

Speaker 2  18:45
you know what that little thing, right there is the kind of thing where I expect there's going to be an RTO company, you know, it's like, it's kind of thing where a client calls you up and goes, dude, we really screwed up. We got all these building prices that are wrong, and we need to recalculate all these contracts. And like, what can you do to help? And it's like, Oh, give me an hour. And here you go. Just run this thing, select your buildings you want to rejigger, and hit, hit that button on the top right corner. Boom, fix. I don't know of other software like this, Matthias, I really don't. But like, the part that scares me is, how do you communicate that to a client who has no point of reference for that level of flexibility, a potential client where you just want to be like, dude, let me just blow your mind. It's like, they don't, they don't. There's they don't, they don't know. They don't have an idea. And it's like, somehow I have to, I have to figure out how to communicate that. Because that, to me, is the exciting point I have. You know, you look at the amount of building records that are in assist, and it's like, if I wanted to reprice every single building record in assist. List it would, you know, I wanted to stomp $10,000 in every single one. I could do that in what less than 10 minutes it take. It take the poor software a while to crunch through that. But,

Unknown Speaker  20:12
you know, it's

Matthias Miller  20:17
I have my own go high level story. I have this guy, who's he's just a geek to the core anyway. And he's like, Oh, is there any way we can update the tab titles to actually show where you're at. And I've been working on this make thing that exports checks in Chrome extension and checks the URL and updates to like, watch this. And about an hour later, I have, I have a white label JavaScript running that automatically updates the script title based on what what tab you're on. And then he's like, by the way, be cool if it doesn't handle like, the sub tabs within the page. Oh, and it's not a big deal, but somebody mentioned, I'm like, Sure. Why not? It's just a few more, like CSS selectors in here. Boom. I'm like, you know, just because I can, here you go,

Speaker 2  21:06
Yeah, but see, it's that like, for all these RTO companies that are coming from RTO Pro, they have no concept for this. It's like you don't, you can't do any of that kind of stuff on a server based software, sitting on a platform or sitting on a server computer in your office. You can't so here's

Speaker 4  21:26
good, here's what you should do. Do you think?

Matthias Miller  21:33
Do you think we could roll out, do we have enough of the data model right that we could start doing, building analytics reports. Because between now and then, you could say, today, if you want to, we will start pulling, if you don't, if, as long as it doesn't ruffle RTO pro feathers, we can start pulling. We can, we can have this be an analytics engine, a comprehensive, full powered, 120% analytics engine for your RTO pro updated every night.

Matthias Miller  22:16
You can sell that, can't you.

Speaker 2  22:18
Dude, we could suck out the suck out the we could suck out the data of someone's RTO Pro. I mean, it's essentially what PD did with Power BI. He did, he did that something very similar with Power BI, hooked up that through a database connector, and transmogrified the data to create really cool reports that would be kind of fun.

Matthias Miller  22:44
And you could literally say, I mean, if you wanted to, you could say, Hey,

Speaker 4  22:52
meet me after meet me after dinner. I'll show you RTO PRO data.

Speaker 3  23:02
Yeah, download, download this, this little tool right here, and it links it up. And we just did a you

Matthias Miller  23:11
can push it into the demo system, because you can have multiple RTO companies in there.

Speaker 2  23:19
Yeah, but the problem is we haven't even crossed that bridge sheet just yet. Like the idea of modeling it up to match up, you

Matthias Miller  23:33
don't need to sleep. Sleep

Unknown Speaker  23:38
is sleep is overrated.

Matthias Miller  23:40
Sleep is overrated.

Speaker 2  23:42
I don't know it's the other part of me is like, Dude, you're just overthinking this. You are. You just need to go there, and all you got to do is you got to get a few people on board. Got to get a few people excited. Hey, honestly, I It feels like a literal Walk of Faith every single time that we like, every single day. Walking forward to this, it's like, it's a little insane to me. One that I had the the capital to do this, that's the that's, that's insane. Number one, it's like, the other day I went and sold off $40,000 worth of stocks again, and it's like,

Speaker 3  24:20
holy cow. Like, holy cow just just, you know, it's just sitting there and making some money while it's it's sitting there.

Unknown Speaker  24:32
I mean, I mean, thanks to her dad. I mean it's,

Unknown Speaker  24:38
Oh, dude, I gotta tell Did I ever tell you the

Unknown Speaker  24:40
story where this money comes from? Did I tell you a little bit little

Matthias Miller  24:43
bit? I think it told me just a little bit,

Speaker 2  24:46
you have to appreciate this, and then we need to get to work. But so her dad is this very quiet, steady personality, and he had his own little business for all of his life. Life and and he had his little printing business, and it made some cash. It wasn't, you know, a cash cow, but he was always very frugal. And so as they got up and as most of the children kind of left home, he was kind of bored. And so he thought, I'm kind of interested in, I'm kind of kind of interested in stock options. Why stock options, I have no idea. So he decides to go to a little college course. And he took a college, little college course on understanding stock options and and, you know, he decides to go off and, you know, start dabbling in trading stock options. Well, he started this. If you go back and you look at the at at the stock graph for Tesla, he started this. He started investing in Tesla stock about the time it just started rocketing. And he, literally, he, he traded stock options turned probably a couple 100,000 into about $2 million

Unknown Speaker  26:03
and

Speaker 2  26:06
and then passes away like almost on the day that Tesla nose dived. And so there's a lot of value in the portfolio that was lost. But so, so when, when, when he passed away, and Leanne started starting to work on divvying up the estate. We all, just as the children, decided that, rather like there was some, there was some cash value of stuff that happened. But rather than, rather than sell the Tesla stock, we're going to divvy up the Tesla stock out to every individual. Yeah, well, that thing has, you know, if you go look at the this Tesla's chart, you know, it's over time it recovered and actually surpassed, and so, dude, that that block of that block of Tesla has made me a pile of money. Wow. And so, I mean, I say a pile of money. It made a nice little pile of money. And so, um, hence the ability to sell this stuff off now and turn it into software.

Matthias Miller  27:15
That's crazy, man.

Unknown Speaker  27:19
That is crazy. And at this point, dude,

Speaker 2  27:23
we're gonna, we're gonna be right at 80, close to 100 grand by the time of the the shed by the nbsra. And I don't know, stick a percentage on for this project. Where are we at 80% 6070, 80%

Matthias Miller  27:41
I feel like I'm scared. I'm nervous about the customer portal. I'm nervous about accounting integration. I don't think accounting integration is really that bad. I am. I'm still nervous about it, and I'm slight. Wait, I say Customer Portal this, and we haven't touched contract entry.

Speaker 2  28:02
A contract entry is easy, like, literally, literally, I I almost want to say it's as easy as go create a contact record and then have a new contract, a new contract button, which opens up a new contract record, and you fill in those details, which opens up, you know, add your first payment, and you're done.

Matthias Miller  28:22
But I thought you said it needed to be shiny and glitzy

Speaker 2  28:26
and fancy. I said, like it could be that easy, but yes, it needs to be shiny and glitzy. It needs to, it needs to have some, some, some ease and flow. But if we wanted to really make it

Unknown Speaker  28:37
wait, if we wanted to wait, do you

Matthias Miller  28:40
want to hear my crazy idea? Go ahead, though,

Speaker 2  28:42
no no. Go ahead with your crazy idea.

Matthias Miller  28:45
You could have a three pane dashboard where the first one is a where you could do like you do you find it, find or create the contact contract. Create the contact, yes, contact. Then you'd have a two pane dashboard, where one would be an auto refresh, auto push report, or would be a maybe you can't do that, but where you would create the building, and as soon as you create the building, boom, right hand side, the contract pops up, linked, linked out to that thing,

Speaker 2  29:28
to the contract. Yeah. I mean, you should have to select your terms and so forth. But

Matthias Miller  29:35
yeah, I mean, yeah, you would, you it wouldn't be saved. You'd have to save the All

Speaker 2  29:40
right. Stick that in the back of your head. That's not a bad idea. Okay, let's get to work. Do we want to go back and work on some more cleanup stuff? Do you want to work on Customer Portal? Do you want to work on one of those two? Which one do you want to work on cleanup junk or customer portal?

Matthias Miller  29:56
Wait, okay, is this, is this I would eat a candy bar version? Or is this? I'm the grown up adult version for what. How do I make my choice to eat a candy bar guy or the,

Speaker 3  30:10
let me rephrase that for you. You're saying, Do I want to go work on something fun, or do I want to go? Do? Do want to go clean my

Unknown Speaker  30:15
room?

Matthias Miller  30:16
Right? Exactly. Do I go swing with my friends? Or should I, uh, clean my room.

Unknown Speaker  30:20
Okay, we should go clean

Unknown Speaker  30:22
our room. We really need to clean our room.

Matthias Miller  30:27
We really do. Let me make sure I'm not gonna.

Unknown Speaker  30:38
Okay. So payments, what

Unknown Speaker  30:46
we went in the world? Oh, that says, Can we edit? Got it?

Unknown Speaker  30:54
I am so is this even

Matthias Miller  30:59
contract record to IDD. Let's see what this studio IDP is building

Speaker 2  31:06
this let me ask a stupid question. Please do because I out No, it's not necessarily a stupid question. I assume that you guys have

Speaker 2  31:20
engaged in conversations about reconciliation of data that's being written by two different people to the same record. Explain,

Matthias Miller  31:31
currently, if two people are editing at the same time, you can't say there was for few or you can you cannot first person to save, the first person to save, wins. Why?

Speaker 2  31:56
Well, okay, so it's, it's this okay, and we've had, we sort of had this conversation before this, this Simon like in Google Docs or Google Sheets, where you can simultaneously be working on the same on the same doc.

Matthias Miller  32:07
So the way it works is, as long as any fields, I mean, you, you try to merge and and as long as there's no dependency overlaps, you do that. And then if there is a, if there is an overlap, then you have to pick which who wins. Basically, the second person has to pick who wins. There was, for a very brief moment in development, we had this feature, and then it got turned off because of priorities. It is coming. It's not here yet. I don't know when it's coming,

Speaker 2  32:42
so side note, open up a new tab, open up, open up the test system, whoever, whoever I need to give props to somebody. Somebody needs some props today, dude, dark mode. Have you played with dark mode? Are you serious? Somebody, somebody has, has been putting some work in, like, open up. Open up. A Yeah, anything, dude, dark mode is, is actually pretty stinking cool.

Unknown Speaker  33:21
I love it.

Speaker 3  33:23
Whoever, whoever's been working on the dark mode thing, dude, I am, I am totally stoked.

Unknown Speaker  33:29
People in my office will be like giddy out of their minds

Speaker 3  33:34
for dark mode. That's awesome, plus, plus, I'm just gonna say this, but the stupid logo looks good on a gray background too. It does. I'm just saying.

Speaker 2  33:48
And I really, I really need to talk to Jonathan Bergen, and I need to, I need to get updated icons so that they are in orange, because I'm told that we can do orange icons.

Unknown Speaker  34:00
I mean, I'm sorry, in dark mode with orange icons would just be,

Speaker 2  34:04
I would be sick. That would be. Anyway, moving on, I just this morning when, when, for some reason I hadn't seen the dark mode. And then when Josh was demoing in an assist this morning, I was like, Wait, I see dark mode. And, dude, I can't wait till us this comes out with the new UI. Because I'm sorry, I'm I'm a bit stoked about the new UI. I really am.

Matthias Miller  34:34
Well, I mean, it really is. It is a huge win. Side note, I've got a client who wanted a power app to do a bunch of business intelligence. And I was like, How bad do you want power app?

Unknown Speaker  34:47
What is a power app?

Matthias Miller  34:49
It's Microsoft's, like, like, silver loom. Basically, I'm like, I could knock this thing out, like, and I got a quote off of Upwork. It's like, they wanted, like, 20 grand. Like, I. Know About 2520 to 30 grand. I'm like, Dude, this platform I anyway, I'm starting to get now that I built my own little faster way to build out projects too. Really stoked about what can be done with this stuff. Okay, so this, this thing's driving me crazy. I think, which thing, which thing, the payment screen,

Unknown Speaker  35:30
where, like, what's the question?

Unknown Speaker  35:35
Like,

Matthias Miller  35:37
this is not, these are not for us. These two do idds. This is good. I think, I think we gotta let them clean it up. It's it's down in the report section and and things that need to be specked out in reports. So nothing to do here. Here we can talk about the have you done more thinking on CRA to deposit. Is there any I thought we nailed that to the wall. We did nail it to the wall, didn't we? I thought we did. So let's put this in

Speaker 2  36:14
like we had that we had describe how and everything yammered about it. And yeah, I'm pretty sure we know that. To the wall,

Matthias Miller  36:22
pretty sure too. Okay, building and contract closure. Ah, I don't feel like I've wrapped my head. I mean, literally, this is the only thing. Let's get it done. Come on. This is the only thing on our core system and we can get on the new stuff.

Speaker 2  36:39
Contract close. Okay, so here's the deal. I'm gonna give you a scenario, okay, and then we can talk through customer calls up and says, Hey, what's my EPO? EPOS? 1000 bucks. Okay, let's do it. And so you're going to click, you're going to click, somewhere, somehow, someplace, and it's going to give you or, or it's going to give you options to close by, early cash payoff, close by, pay out, close by, charge off, but a bunch of the other stuff, and you're going to run through a payment process. So let's exit. Let's, let's not, let's not confuse this conversation. Let's deal with with closing of a contract on a good early payoff, or early pay, or pay out. Okay, so let's, let's, let's, let's deal. Let's deal with the early payoff process first, and then we're going to talk about payout. Okay with me so far? Okay, early cash payoff. Customer calls up says, What's my early cash payoff? Here it is, or the secondary option is, you get a check in the mail and it's written on the paperwork, is payoff, and it equals the early cash payoff amount. Closing that contract would mean that you are taking a payment. You are you are specifying, at the time of taking that payment, that you are closing the contract, and you're closing it for early cash payoff, and here's the amount you charge the amount the contract closes. We generate a, this will be a letter type thing, but we generate a, what do we call this thing? Basically, it's an ownership letter. I forget we have a name for it. I can't, I can't think, but it'll be, it'll be a template that, or maybe I expect it'll be some kind of template. And it basically, it basically says, you know, this building stint number, blah blah blah description, blah blah blah. It now transfers ownership from the rent to own company to the customer. No big deal. Okay, so that's the scenario for closing the contract with early cash payoff. Okay,

Matthias Miller  39:01
now I have a question for you. Okay, go ahead. Can this happen just by virtue of the fact that you paid the right amount and you finish your payment? Boom, it's done. Like, could we not just say, look on the payment screen? Let's go. Let's go to this Oh, okay, actually,

Speaker 2  39:19
let me back up and say it this way, the way the way that RTO Pro does this is use you select you're on the customer's account or contract or contact record, whatever we're going to call it, okay? And there is a button that says close contract. Okay. When you click the Close contract, you are presented with a list of options in the way that you are closing it. When you are presented with that list of options, a way to close it, you choose one. And in the case of an early cash payoff, it will automatically give you the early cash payoff amount. And if there's any kind of security deposit there, it has a nice little breakdown of available monies to be used in this process of closing the contract. Right, okay,

Matthias Miller  40:04
is okay,

Unknown Speaker  40:06
and then you run the payment.

Unknown Speaker  40:08
But isn't this just, if somebody shows it?

Matthias Miller  40:17
What I'm trying to say is, why is this a special process? Like you're just emptying out the security deposit. And, I mean, you might not even have, you don't even have to empty the security deposit. You're just making sure that the rental balance, plus dwf for the life the contract, gets zeroed out. Like, whatever this ends up being, like, you're literally just paying off the contract. And so there is a like, if, essentially all you're doing is you're, you're, you're popping open the payment screen with the contract payment amount defaulted with, with security deposit defaulted to, to remove the balance from the security deposit, and with the total to pay, defaulted to zero out the contract. And then the moment it hits that amount, it says executing this payment, or this payment will close out cover, you know, covers the cost of the contract and will close out the contract. Right payment.

Speaker 2  41:19
Side note, one thing I just thought of, and this, you have to throw at Jonathan for in the header bar, we need to have the EPO number every time you're running payments. The EPO, what's the number? Early cash payoff number,

Unknown Speaker  41:35
early cash

Speaker 2  41:37
so in in your in your header bar, there at contract number 173, hardware shed, blah, blah, blah, maybe it's right dead send in the middle. You just EPO dash and it gives you early cash payoff number on this contract, yep.

Matthias Miller  41:54
Okay, where is Jonathan? This is not efficient way to do this, but Jonathan on the payment screen, in the contract header, we need to show the EPO, EPO

Speaker 2  42:22
and actually, okay, come to think about this, we, I think in the in the payment screen, we were, we were going to show some of this information, but basically your contract, like, there's information on the contract record that says, here's your, here is your your contract balance and its number of months. No, here, here's your total contract in number of months. Here's what you've paid in number of months. Here's your balance, contract balance in number of months, EPO, number like, I wonder if we ought to just put all of that in the header of every single contract.

Matthias Miller  42:55
Okay, well, let's, let's, let's figure out again, what it

Speaker 2  43:00
should be. We talked about this somewhere and specced it up. I want to say it's on the contract

Matthias Miller  43:07
record. This guy. Contract paid.

Unknown Speaker  43:11
There you go. That should be

Matthias Miller  43:15
okay. Let me go. Let me go talk to my my buddy here, the Claude, the

Unknown Speaker  43:23
clock Claude, bot Bell.

Unknown Speaker  43:33
So the window before I did raise this

Speaker 2  43:43
sorry, you were you were going high, high speed with all of that. I wasn't listening. This was sticking in my head that we need to have this in the header bar. Well,

Matthias Miller  43:52
let's fix it. So we're here for fixing, fix the problem. Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  44:01
we have,

Matthias Miller  44:03
okay, let's do this.

Unknown Speaker  44:10
Stop, do this new chat

Matthias Miller  44:16
in the contract number 173, header, can You please find an elegant way to show this information.

Unknown Speaker  44:52
Unscrupted.

Speaker 4  45:00
Um, pay off amount that looks tacky.

Matthias Miller  45:16
What if we get contract paid $2,400.03 months like this.

Unknown Speaker  45:39
Ooh, um,

Speaker 2  45:56
ooh, now you're well, you're cooking with some gas there. Yeah, we are we should add some. Are you adding total contract amount, right? And your contract paid? There your parentheses,

Unknown Speaker  46:16
yeah, well,

Matthias Miller  46:21
it's fixing. I'll see what it comes up with.

Matthias Miller  46:44
I see the current state now. Well, thank you. Glad you're you get where I'm going.

Unknown Speaker  46:55
Pete, you

Matthias Miller  47:05
Ah, come on, you're slow. Oh, my cow. Oh, that

Matthias Miller  47:17
was actually kind of cool.

Unknown Speaker  47:19
That was kind of cool,

Matthias Miller  47:23
total contract amount, contract paid, contract balance, early payoff amount, the

Speaker 2  47:28
total contract rep should represent itself in months as well.

Matthias Miller  47:33
Oh, well, that's

Speaker 2  47:36
just because it's a nice visual cue to know what their total term was

Unknown Speaker  47:42
right?

Matthias Miller  47:50
It looks really busy, but

Matthias Miller  47:57
I would say we don't have to figure out how to make it.

Unknown Speaker  48:00
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  48:02
the pretty the prettification, I recognize that might not be a word can be left with the Jonathan.

Speaker 2  48:17
So why wouldn't we Matthias right here on the each contract, we have a big old close contract button, which then presents you with a list of options and allows you to do those things.

Matthias Miller  48:33
I'm so confused, because here's what I'm confused about, if I type in $7,200 here, should that not theoretically, we don't. Do you want early pay off with fees? This

Speaker 2  48:51
is a very key point that you should know EPO will always reflect with any past due late fees. Well, any late fees will be in the EPO. So I don't think I've made this

Matthias Miller  49:07
clear. I mean, it makes sense that it is, but it's not so.

Speaker 2  49:13
Okay, let's, let's let me back up get, let's, let's get this written down, because it's, it's very, very important. Okay,

Speaker 2  49:29
standard EPO calculation. We've already covered. You already understand standard EPO calculation, correct? Yeah, has do EPO calculations. So I don't know how to how do I want to explain this?

Speaker 2  49:56
So if I'm three months past. That's due the rental fees that would normally be discounted from those three months, if I was current, like you owe those, those three months, plus if you owe those three months, plus any late fees, and then that if you're paying off that's in addition to the EP, okay,

Matthias Miller  50:26
yes, yes, I get it supposedly fees for all past due months. You calculate the standard, what percentage do we use? The term

Unknown Speaker  50:43
it's on the company. It's

Speaker 2  50:49
the, it's the, it's contract balance times times times,

Unknown Speaker  50:57
Oh darn it.

Unknown Speaker  50:59
Contract balance times cash price percentage I think it is.

Speaker 2  51:12
I don't know. I don't know how I think you understand what I'm saying. Yes,

Matthias Miller  51:17
I'm pretty sure I do cash price the 70% correct. Correct,

Unknown Speaker  51:28
like that.

Unknown Speaker  51:30
It's, man, I'm gonna need my glasses to read that.

Matthias Miller  51:33
I'm sorry here so you take i

Matthias Miller  51:57
Okay, so my point being that closing the contract is as simple as making a payment for this amount.

Matthias Miller  52:13
If you pay this amount, does the contract not automatically close? Whether it's a early pay, the only difference between early payoff or a payout is whether you do it before or after the last day of the term of the full term.

Unknown Speaker  52:46
Well, I guess you're right

Speaker 2  52:53
under the hood. You're going to need to make that distinction from an accounting standpoint to make sure that you're you're handling that correctly, because there is the way that money gets split.

Matthias Miller  53:10
Well, I mean, you could have a row for you could have a checkbox row for early cash payoff.

Unknown Speaker  53:27
Is it, is it?

Unknown Speaker  53:30
Is it that simple? I mean, okay,

Speaker 2  53:39
I it probably is that simple. The the issue, I think that,

Unknown Speaker  53:47
okay, let

Speaker 2  53:51
so, so, so, so, hypothetically, okay, so, change your, your, your, your, add to securities, deposit drop down there to hit the drop down there that you have removed from security deposit. There you go, hit that. So let's say, for example, there's $400 there. The early cash payoff is $7,200 and so therefore the actual dollar value you're going to be be transacting is 72 minus 400 and so we need to, we need to be able to handle where I want to use money out of that, and it needs to subtract off, like, if, in in the event of an early cash payoff, like I want to use money coming out of my security deposit. I wanted to do all the math for me and give me the total number. Like out, okay, the way that RTO Pro does this, they say, okay, contract, close, great, early, cash payoff, great. Okay, you got EPO, sorry, you've got, um, you've got, uh, deposit dollar values here, do you want to use it? Yes, I want to use it. Okay, the remaining value is. This number right here, transact that amount.

Unknown Speaker  55:02
All right, I'm a

Speaker 2  55:06
little bit afraid that if we don't almost take like I know that there is probably a okay, it's a bit of a retraining of the mind. If we can handle that with

Unknown Speaker  55:19
a more

Speaker 2  55:31
uh, non, step by step process, if you will, like, if you if we can, if we can, say, Look, you pay you put down the Okay. Early cash payoff is 7200 Okay, the total that we're paying today we're gonna, we're, I don't know. I'm stuck. I think I'm stuck.

Matthias Miller  55:53
Okay, so you could have a close contract button, so that's what you're saying. Or a The problem is that the person sitting on the other end of the screen does not think about this in any other term, except for when it pulls

Unknown Speaker  56:06
out the contract, right, right, right. I'm not

Matthias Miller  56:16
sure the security deposit check box is in the right place, by the way. I

Unknown Speaker  56:26
you say you don't like it there.

Unknown Speaker  56:32
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  56:44
I'm not sure that it makes sense. Actually, when you stop and think about it, I want to pay this much to this period. This much to this period.

Matthias Miller  56:56
Is the contract total to pay? The amount of cash I pay? Is it amount I'm applying to the contract. Are you talking

Speaker 2  57:03
about security deposit now? Are you are we talking about contract close? Get security deposit at this point? Sorry. Okay, back to your question. I was confused there, because I'm sorry

Matthias Miller  57:13
jumping around without talking. Um, we don't have to solve it now. But contract total to pay is confusing because I don't know if this is the amount being applied to my contract or this is the account. Contract, or this is the cash like this is that,

Matthias Miller  57:33
if the to pay would say something like cash due today,

Speaker 2  57:40
or amount being transacted, or something like that. Yeah, that might so is, Are you saying it's a semantic issue?

Matthias Miller  57:46
It could be, it could be solved that when a female politician called Churchill drunk, he replied with, tomorrow, I shall be sober and you will still be disgustingly ugly. I accidentally said that. I sent him a screenshot and said I could be less ugly for all we care. Instead of saying that it could be less ugly for all we care. Oh, goodness, yeah, I think it is some semantics. And I think the total, the total here, needs to be moved over, and then this needs to be a plus or minus, a read only plus or minus that reflects like, if you're removing from the deposit, move from security deposit, then this needs to be a minus amount,

Speaker 2  58:31
okay, get rid of me. This. This is not a core calculation. Problem, is it? No, it's just a it's a visibility, visibility issue. Yes. So can we punt it to where we like. If it's literally just a visibility and a wording thing. Then then let Jonathan mock this thing up, and then we can, we can, kind of move some things around, rename some stuff, fair, fair. So back to the contract close, because I have, I now have a new goal for today. We are going to nail contract closing to the wall. Haha.

Unknown Speaker  59:02
Do to do it yet, but, I

Matthias Miller  59:11
mean, it seems to me like contract close. Closest contract can be as simple as,

Speaker 2  59:17
okay, let me ask. Let me ask. Let me ask. A different question is, it more work to which is which? Which is more work? Bake the contract close into the Make a Payment whiskey, or create a whole new whiskey for contract. Close, I don't know. I pay you to know these things. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  59:44
well, because I have a solution. You want to hear my solution. Okay, there's an early payoff amount right here. Then there's a close contract button right beside it. You click the button and it takes the $7,200 In it, boom, puts it right in there. Because you put in 7200 if you put in 7500 we'll say, um, you extortionist, you, you probably shouldn't charge that much back off baldy like and if you, if you

Speaker 3  1:00:20
dude, we should be writing these things down, because I'm sorry. I want to put some Easter eggs in somewhere. Someday, be like, back off Baldi, you can't charge him that.

Speaker 2  1:00:39
Okay, so you're saying, um, okay, let's, let's actually, let's go back up a little bit further. Okay, the 7200 up there should, like, in the case, the exact scenario that we're looking at right here, okay, where it says early cash payoff. 7200 that would be early cash payoff, plus the months that are past due, plus any late fees. Yes, exactly. Okay. So if you said close contract and you clicked on the early cash payoff amount, then Bada, bing bada boom, it would inject that number. Everything else becomes read only, and you make the payment,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:13
yep, okay,

Speaker 2  1:01:16
I'm okay with that. Now let's, let's, if, let's talk about the scenario of paid off or paid out, and that is that you would have reached the end there, and all monies that are due would show up there, like, the total due, like, let's say those two, those two periods that you currently have, there was the last bit to pay on the contract. Well, you have, you have, you have security deposit sitting there of $400 and so therefore, in some form or fashion, we should have a way to say, Okay, no, no, let me back up. We did not handle using up the security deposit simultaneously on the early cash payoff. So Does, does the early cash payoff? Do we what if we presented the early cash payoff and always were representing it minus minus the security deposit? Why is it? But we have to say that. We have to make that very, very, very clear when we're representing early cash payoff numbers, early cash payoff minus secure early cash payoff minus security deposit. Early cash payoff minus security deposit, we always say early cash payoff minus security deposit.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:34
Right

Speaker 2  1:02:35
now, do we ever, do we ever give them? Well, I do think we need to give them an option to Okay. One of the things that we need to be able to handle when you're closing out EPOS is that someone sent too much money they okay. Here was, let me give you a scenario. RTO pro never presented its EPO minus security deposit numbers, and so therefore, what are you laughing about?

Matthias Miller  1:03:08
Signal said the guys that proposed their message, you return. You extortionist. You? Jonathan said he's committing it now says yes, unless you play 60% of the overcharge in the mailbox by the abandoned house down the street by at 11:34pm tonight.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:26
Did you back off? Baldy?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:27
Yes, I did.

Speaker 2  1:03:31
Uh, okay, back to the scenario. RTO pro never represented its EPO number minus the security deposit. So therefore, a lot of times, if a person was always paying by physical payment. They would send in the EPO, and then you would have security you would have to figure out what to do with security dollars, and you would end up closing the account with the EP, with with the with the with the security deposit still there, and then you would refund the security deposit. Is the way that we would normally handle that. But if why wouldn't we always present EPO minus security deposit?

Speaker 2  1:04:19
I like it now that, being said, we need to be able to on a payoff amount, put in more money than what the contract should close for. So in the case of your $7,200 they sent me $7,400 I want to write that $7,400 onto the account and automatically forced into generating a refund.

Matthias Miller  1:04:46
Well, can we, is it? Can we not just push that into the security deposit?

Matthias Miller  1:04:56
Like, could we not just automatically have. Uh, maybe a status for, you know, need to send back security deposit. And anytime you have a security deposit balance, it shows up in accounting to say, hey, you should go write these checks. I mean, aren't they sent by check? Are they refunded to the original payment?

Speaker 2  1:05:19
Ah, it's usually, most of the times they're sent out by physical payment.

Matthias Miller  1:05:24
So if I want to get a cash advance of my card, I can overpay my RTO contract by $10,000 and get it turned into a check and go do what I want to with that. Um, anyway, moving right along,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:41
you have a devious mind.

Matthias Miller  1:05:45
It's a good thing. I got some kind of moral ground.

Speaker 3  1:05:47
Back off, you extortionist, exactly away from the money Baldy,

Matthias Miller  1:05:57
I mean, but okay, in my very simplistic developer, what makes the most sense? And so you click Close contract,

Speaker 2  1:06:09
boom, okay, riddle me this. Riddle me this. I like the tactile function of someone saying, this is different from taking a payment, I am closing the contract, and then we represent appropriate numbers about the closing of that contract. We can you know, here's early cash payoff, here's past due rents, here's the amount that's in security deposit. Now you have decisions about how to close this contract. Now, if we can elegantly do that from the payment screen, and maybe it, maybe it literally is like, if you click Close contract, we take you to a different screen that gives you contract information about the contract that you're closing, and we walk through, you know, the closing process. I don't know. I just, I get a little bit nervous, if we don't handle this very distinctly, that people are going to blunder on this one.

Matthias Miller  1:07:11
Okay, let's go through the process. And this is the part that I don't know, but let's go through the process of, what does this look like on a let's say we did that process. Would you ask them? So obviously you can't close. We're saying, for the sake of the contract, somebody says, Hey, can I close out contract a and make a payment on contract B? Yeah, that's going to be two dings on your credit card. Or can you do that?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:33
No, it's a single

Matthias Miller  1:07:37
Okay, So walk me through how you envision the contract close. So you say, Hey, you're on the on the contract, or in the contactor contract, you want to say, I want to close out a contract.

Speaker 2  1:07:45
Okay, hold on. Let me back up and say this a little bit more specifically in RTO Pro, that would be a two transaction thing.

Matthias Miller  1:07:54
Do you want it to be a two transaction thing? Well,

Speaker 2  1:07:57
that would be kind of cool if it's a single transaction, because you could say, hey, I want to close that contract and pay you $1,000 plus I want to pay my $250 on that one over there in RTO pro we always go, Well, okay, we have to do that in two separate transactions because we're closing out an account, blah, blah, blah. Well, if you can literally close out an account and pay $250 on on this other contract, well, I mean, that got easier, and I like easy.

Matthias Miller  1:08:24
Okay, so let's just say, still, going back to my question, when you say I want to close out a contract, whether it's together or separate, whatever, what? What should that entail? What do you want to ask of Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:08:43
okay, first and foremost, here are the decisions you have to make. One, if there is a CRA that, well, I mean, there's not really any decisions around a CRA, because that automatically closes it closes out the CRA. It brings that money into the final transaction, because a a CRA contract always represents its EPO minus the CRA. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:09:15
so we should note that as well. I

Unknown Speaker  1:09:24
Good,

Speaker 2  1:09:28
hold on a second. Let's let me get RTO probe open, and we're going to act like we're going to close out a contract so that we can talk through this sensibly and cohesively.

Speaker 1  1:09:46
Here we go, and here we go, yeah, let's close that right there. And.

Speaker 2  1:10:00
Yeah, okay, let's get this guy right here. And okay, so I'm on their contract screen, and there's this little fancy contract close, all right? First and foremost, oh, that is silliness, as can be. First and foremost, it takes me into the contracts that this customer has and says, are you closing this one? Yes, I'm closing that one. Okay, now I'm presented with payoff, no discount, which is what I called payout. Okay, pay off, no discount, early payoff, which is with discount, and then there's picked up and return to repossession and skip and charge off and damage rate of fund cancel. Okay, ignore all that. We're going to go with number two, which is we're early cash, paying this off. All right now I'm going to give you Windows shift S. I'm going to give you this

Unknown Speaker  1:10:54
escape that I'm going to be able right here window, come on computer. What the world

Speaker 2  1:11:06
All right, so let's, let me give you this, this information right here. This will be helpful.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:17
Matthias,

Speaker 2  1:11:21
I picked early cash payoff for this customer, and now I am presented with this contract. Amount minus Amount Paid equals balance is 6467 73 discount is 50% equals 3233 87 plus tax, 675, 218, to an end equals payoff. Amount of 334, 5216 Oh, great. 34 whatever, blah, blah. Okay, so then there's a deposit balance, and I'm a secure this is security deposit. So then I would be asked to put in the amount of $5.38

Matthias Miller  1:12:02
what happens your, your discount, your off, a payoff amount with discount goes down. Right?

Speaker 2  1:12:12
Yeah. So my, my, uh, payoff amount with discount, 34 5216 stays at 34 5216 but the amount that I'm actually going to pay is 3446, 78, now this is very confusing, but I'm going to give you a second screenshot so you can see What's happening.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:34
Bing, bing, bing, bing,

Speaker 2  1:12:39
okay. Second screenshot. So the amount in the bottom right hand yellow box is the amount that I'm going to be contract going to be transacting. So if I hit continue, I now have, I am now faced with a payment screen of 3446 78, I'm asked for my payment form, and we're going to finish

Matthias Miller  1:13:01
it. It makes sense that when you have numbers going all the way down and the continue buttons right below the payoff amount with discount, that it actually uses the amount that's off to the side. Sorry, end of rant. Okay, fine, okay,

Speaker 2  1:13:16
now, now you've seen the payoff process or the information in the way that it's presented in the payoff process. Does this help

Matthias Miller  1:13:24
so your contract amount mount paid either balance?

Matthias Miller  1:13:34
Well, I mean, aren't you? Couldn't we basically say though you could have early payoff amount be a checkbox, and this guy completely disappears, and you show this breakdown with a what do you want to do with the security deposit? Question? Right, right. So why wouldn't we do that? I

Speaker 2  1:14:03
uh, okay, that handles early cash payoff. Now I'm going to go backwards and we're going to go, we're going to, we're going to act like we're going to pay this thing off as no discount. Okay, so I'm going to pay this. This would be like, I'm going to pay this. You would, you would never pay this off at this point, this in this former fashion, unless you're feeling really generous to the RTO company. But here you go. I went back and changed my payoff method to pay off with no discount.

Matthias Miller  1:14:41
Wait, you could do that?

Speaker 2  1:14:42
Well, this would, this would be in the case of IO, um, so my final month of rent is the only thing that's due, and that is the actual amount that's due in the balance. And so therefore, I want to. I want to go through a payoff process because I want to close out this contract now, okay, some of those types of things I actually think you could handle in a payment process that well, okay, let me back up and say I would like that under the hood, there is no such thing as closing out. There is no such thing as paying the final payment, and the contract stays open. It just automatically closes. If you pay the last payment on the contract,

Matthias Miller  1:15:27
it's done. It's done. If I pay the day before my last payment is due, it's not technically due. Can I do an early payoff?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:36
Well, there wouldn't really begin early cash payoff.

Matthias Miller  1:15:40
I can't pay 70% of my last fee because, no, yeah, not due yet. You're

Speaker 2  1:15:46
correct. And there would be, like, a day before it's due, and yes, you could pay the EPO. In fact, up to 10 days after it's due, you'd still have an EPO, because you haven't, you haven't hit, you haven't hit past dew point yet.

Matthias Miller  1:16:03
Well, that needs to be clarified. You've hit past dew point, but you haven't hit late fee point yet, correct?

Matthias Miller  1:16:16
Um, well, this gets note. Past Due means we've incurred or we're past grace period. You can do, and, for example, you can do an early payoff up to 10 days after the contract, the end of the contract term,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:51
that is bizarre.

Speaker 1  1:16:56
I might have just told you something I'm not 100% on. I don't even know how it would go test this.

Speaker 2  1:17:04
I want to find I'm going to work on finding a customer that is past their due date, but not in past due Okay, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Okay, so let's this customer. Okay, early cash payoff. Where are you? Okay, so, so, so this is a 24 month contract. So this would be,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:35
let's go find out 32

Unknown Speaker  1:17:42
and 96.03

Speaker 2  1:17:45
times point seven zero should be 23 okay, no. Interesting, interesting, interesting, interesting, okay, I told you wrong. Um, okay, I'm gonna send you another screenshot of something

Unknown Speaker  1:18:08
so it's come on.

Matthias Miller  1:18:11
The alternative would be that early cash payout only excludes does not include the upcoming due rental fee.

Speaker 2  1:18:19
Okay, here is a dear customer, and their current contract is due on 815 they have not incurred a late fee. Yet,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:33
if you take,

Speaker 2  1:18:38
if you take their balance due the 32 9606 the sorry 32 9603 which I think includes sales tax. Does it include sales tax? But if you take that number, 32 9603 times, 70% it does not equal the 2320 22 it's slightly less than that, which means that he is stacking late fees per day against the EPO for every day that they're past the 15th, not late fees, late rental fees. He's stacking rental fees on a per day basis against the EPO,

Matthias Miller  1:19:25
right? And so you would pay full contract, full monthly fees, through today, and then tomorrow you get your 70% All right, okay, take all past due fees. Add the contract, subtract CRA balance. Add the take the rental fees based on partial months through today, I'm going

Speaker 2  1:19:57
to, I'm going to clarify something, just to make sure you. And I are on the same page. Okay, if I was to go change this customer's due date to 822 the EPO would drop down to a person who is currently, current. So let me. Let me just test this for one quick to make sure I'm telling you correctly. Contract maintenance, okay, there's my due date, 815 we're going to go to 822

Speaker 2  1:20:33
update, okay, escapee, escapee, escapee, all right, yeah, exactly. Now my EPO is 2307 22 which is exactly 32 9603 times 70%

Matthias Miller  1:20:53
so due date overrides adjust contract value and the early payoff.

Speaker 2  1:20:56
Due date would adjust the EPO. It doesn't adjust the contract balance. Because what I did is I went and moved I went and moved this customer current, which means that any amount of per day rental charges that they were stacking into the EPO disappeared tracking.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:22
That is confusing?

Speaker 2  1:21:30
No, I don't think it's confusing. I think you understand what I'm saying, because you so so for for example, this cut, okay, a custom. Go ahead

Matthias Miller  1:21:43
on a duty to override that is just a grace period like that's effectively all it is. So if you override it into the future, that does not mean that they have paid, that they have literally paid ahead.

Speaker 2  1:21:57
That's right, they haven't. No money has exchanged, but I moved the due date, which means that money that they were currently due goes away.

Matthias Miller  1:22:11
So it's no longer past due.

Speaker 2  1:22:12
That's right, it's no longer past due. If I go back and move it to 815 again, the rental charges for those days that they're now past due, albeit, what seven days those go back on the EPO.

Matthias Miller  1:22:26
So EPO uses the 78%

Unknown Speaker  1:22:30
since the last payment. I thought you said it's through today.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:41
If I pay, if my due date is, was the 13th,

Matthias Miller  1:22:48
do I pay? Do I get rental rates or EPO rates on the 14th through through the 21st

Speaker 2  1:23:01
Okay, so let's actually use real world here. Let's go back here. Contract, no, what did I do? That?

Unknown Speaker  1:23:18
Stink? Contract, maintenance. No, what

Speaker 2  1:23:26
did I do this? I just did it like 10, okay, maintenance, that's what it was, maintenance and and now, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, maintenance. Oh yes, yes, contract maintenance. That is so fucking weird. Why do I need two steps to get to this information? Whatever. Okay, okay, this customer is currently due on August the 15th. Okay, awesome. Okay, so from August the fifth this 15th through today. I guess it would. It would technically be through yesterday. I don't know how to figure this out. We'd have to test the math on this. It's either yesterday or today. I'm not sure with I am paying rental rates.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:18
Okay, okay,

Speaker 2  1:24:21
so all I did when I moved it from 815 to 822 is I said, Oh no, no, no, I'm gonna slide your due day forward, which means you're not gonna pay rental rates between the 15th and and today. You're well with your due dates due tomorrow. So that means you get EPO rate

Unknown Speaker  1:24:43
so you get EPO

Matthias Miller  1:24:48
as of your last, historical, last completed due date, right? I think

Speaker 2  1:24:57
so. I think that's I think I'm understanding what you're. Saying I'm not understanding your distinction. Okay, yeah, yes. I mean, so we're always calculating based on a due date,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:11
right, whether

Speaker 2  1:25:13
it's a floating or whether it's a fix doesn't matter, but we're always calculating based on that. So if, if I'm, if I'm a perfectly current customer, as in 822 it is balanced. I am perfectly current contract balance times cash price percentage. Give me my EPO if I am slightly past due. In the case of being due on the 15th instead of the 22nd then those days from the 15th through today, the rental fees are put back on the EPO for those days.

Matthias Miller  1:25:46
How is this different? Take all past due rental fees and late fees and other fees. Take the pro rated take the pro rated contract amount starting the day after the last the the starting the day the most recent period, ie the day after the most recent past due period.

Matthias Miller  1:26:25
Uh, times the cash price percentage, yeah, cash price percentage, right, take

Unknown Speaker  1:26:33
the prorated contract amount. What is the prorated contract

Matthias Miller  1:26:41
amount or Take the contract, calculate the contract. Um,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:25
wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.

Speaker 2  1:27:29
What? Okay, tell me. If this is accurate, I keep niggling around with this math calculation in my head. Why wouldn't you take the contract, that contract balance, minus any rent that's due

Unknown Speaker  1:27:46
overdue, right,

Speaker 2  1:27:50
any amount that's that's due. So in the case of this 815 there are three days technically that are currently due, okay, at rental rate, so contract balance minus any rent do, multiply that by your cash price percentage and add back any rent due,

Matthias Miller  1:28:10
and add back any future rent due,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:13
no current rent due.

Matthias Miller  1:28:16
Okay. How is it different than this? Calculate the contract balance minus Pat time to calculate,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:27
well, okay, walk me through what you had.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:40
You're saying this.

Speaker 2  1:28:49
And then you would add back any, any add back those fees.

Matthias Miller  1:28:54
Take all past due rental fees, late fees and other fees, full price. Take the contract balance minus past due rental fees, times cash price, yep, subtract the CRA balance. But

Speaker 2  1:29:15
you have to add you have to add those in order to get the total. You have to add those back again, once you, once you, once you've calculated the EPL, you add back any late fees, other fees here,

Matthias Miller  1:29:53
what am I missing? You're not doing late fees and other fees twice.

Speaker 1  1:30:07
Hold on a second. I don't think this is quite right contract balance.

Speaker 2  1:30:15
Okay, no, this is not quite right, because contract balance does not change contract balance is always total contract minus amount paid. So it would not be correct to subtract out late fees, other fees, blah blah, blahs out of contract balance,

Matthias Miller  1:30:39
contract total minus rental fees paid, minus past due rental fees.

Speaker 2  1:30:51
No because rental fees and I feel like we're passing each other. I really do. Okay, let me attempt this one more time. Okay, from Okay. Contract total is always monthly, rent times term. Okay, that's contract total. Contract balance is always contract total minus rent paid.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:26
Yep, okay,

Speaker 2  1:31:27
irregardless of late fees and damage rate fees and all that, blah, blah, blah, okay, so contract balance is always the subtracting of those two numbers of total minus paid. So then, when you are calculating EPO rental fees, other fee, sorry, not rental fee, late fees, other fees, are always in addition to this number. And the only other addition to this number which gets a little bit so, okay, let's just set. Let's set. Let's set that conversation aside. Okay, the late fees and other fees. Set that off to the right hand side. We're going to calculate the core EPO. The core EPO is contract balance times cash price percentage if the customer is current, if the customer is not current, I think the correct calculation is first to take the contract violent balance minus

Speaker 2  1:32:38
any rent due. So this would be the fancy math calculation to break it up on a per day basis, subtract that amount that's due from the contract balance, multiply that times your cash price percentage, and then add that number Back to the Okay. Correct tracking

Matthias Miller  1:33:01
I am tracking, but I have an objection. But keep going. So you're saying, then that the so then the the EPO basis equals contract total minus, no, it's,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:21
it's

Speaker 4  1:33:27
due date, no, it's no,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:32
I think I'm wrong. I think I'm wrong. I think I'm wrong.

Matthias Miller  1:33:36
Can I? Can I? Can I walk you through my scenario and see if you're great. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:41
go for it. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:33:45
this is easier. Let's spin up a spreadsheet and just mock up this contract. Because if we, if we can mock this up, then, then you and I can quit passing each other on the calculations, and we can get done. We we can make this work, because we have a hard number to come out to, and we can make this work. Not

Unknown Speaker  1:34:06
sure why we didn't do that immediately.

Speaker 2  1:34:15
Okay, I'm gonna give you the hard numbers contract total, 5273 65 okay, 24 month term, they have paid nine months equaling nine, $1,977.62

Matthias Miller  1:34:32
977, 62 okay,

Speaker 2  1:34:33
1009 Yes. Um, monthly payment was 205 36 if you take 205 3610 24 does that equal? Does that equal 5273 65 just

Unknown Speaker  1:34:50
to double check Oh 52

Unknown Speaker  1:34:54
really no 205 times. 24

Unknown Speaker  1:34:57
205 times. It doesn't

Speaker 2  1:35:04
okay. So, so obviously, they are representing the monthly without the tax. Huh? Wait, why does 205, 36 not equal 5273 65 I

Unknown Speaker  1:35:14
don't know. Hold on a second.

Speaker 2  1:35:20
How are they representing the months? Okay, okay, hold on a second. Let me just go back. Let me just go in the contract to find out here. Okay, payment before sales tax is 205, 36 205, 36 they are their actual monthly sorry, their actual monthly payment is 219, 74 219, 74 times, 2452 73 There we go. So wow, that is not quite using

Matthias Miller  1:35:47
it's, I mean, you do see the discrepancy, though, right? Yeah, I do.

Speaker 2  1:35:50
But that dude, that is so freaking confusing. Why in the world would you represent numbers with sales tax and then another number without sales tax? OMG. Okay, so now you got the numbers, yep,

Matthias Miller  1:36:05
okay, so now, so we have the balance,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:11
which is

Matthias Miller  1:36:14
total minus paid, okay, but so this is

Speaker 2  1:36:19
a 7030 split contract, so cash price percentage is 70% mm,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:22
percent.

Matthias Miller  1:36:26
So if they're due, we think that what they owe us is 2307

Speaker 2  1:36:33
correct that that is, that is exactly correct. So because they are currently due on 815, the EPO in RTO pro shows 2320 22

Matthias Miller  1:36:46
I understand this overriding due date stuff that you're

Speaker 2  1:36:48
throwing at me, though, for the moment, ignore that, that that conversation. Let's get let's get the math calculation to match up with whatever they're doing currently here. So 2320 22 is what they show as an early cash payoff and and you said, 2323

Matthias Miller  1:37:09
22 What did they show? 2320

Unknown Speaker  1:37:13
22 their due date is August the 15th. August the 15th, and today's the 21st

Matthias Miller  1:37:22
so you think,

Matthias Miller  1:37:33
So? What if we just did this? Because I'm lazy,

Matthias Miller  1:37:44
uh, so they're coming out two days off, unless it's, it's, it's probably, because it could be okay. So you could have the Okay, but you could have the

Matthias Miller  1:38:04
the past. Do adjustment is this times point times one minus this? So that's that much per day, number of days. And we think it's like, well, it's then. What I'm really interested in knowing is this, see if this comes, this should come out to a round number. Okay, you said it's due on the 15th

Unknown Speaker  1:38:31
Correct.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:36
Okay. So

Matthias Miller  1:38:39
really, what we're saying though, is that the

Speaker 2  1:38:45
wait what past two days is, what are you saying? There? 15, sorry, 566,

Speaker 4  1:38:51
yeah, there you go. Okay, so, so you're saying

Matthias Miller  1:38:57
that before you take off the balance. Okay, so this is the is the actual balance. This is the daily rate. Is the the partial month amount equals this times this, then you have the balance.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:23
Or this is the

Matthias Miller  1:39:26
balance, bull rate, balance, discount

Unknown Speaker  1:39:33
balance,

Matthias Miller  1:39:36
or cash price percentage is this minus this cash price percentage. And then this is the, this is the adjusted balance for.

Matthias Miller  1:40:00
And what did you say? They had 23 $22,320.22

Unknown Speaker  1:40:09
close, 24

Matthias Miller  1:40:15
cents off. And

Matthias Miller  1:40:21
I'm going to guess if we change this to seven days and five days, like it's something here Somewhere,

Matthias Miller  1:40:37
actual balance of 32

Unknown Speaker  1:40:45
I have An idea. I

Matthias Miller  1:41:11
it could very well be

Matthias Miller  1:41:24
that they are taking, they're calculating the early payoff based on a this sounds like a stretch, based on a rounded value, taking the monthly payment times cash price, and using a rounded value as an example. But who knows? How many months do you have left? 12?

Speaker 4  1:41:56
So you're off by about 15 months they've paid 15.

Matthias Miller  1:42:01
So you're off about a penny and a half. It doesn't account for that. I mean that this wouldn't account for that per month. I mean penny and a half per month,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:18
we could do, oh, this should be, presumably, I don't know for sure.

Speaker 2  1:42:28
If you want to, you want to run another one, I've got another one sitting right here. Very, very similar, and see how far we come off if you duplicate your calculations. Contract totals, 9902 54 okay. They have paid two months $550.14 Okay, and their total monthly payment, Oh, this one has damage. Well, we this doesn't, doesn't affect calculations. 270, 507, for the monthly payment.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:07
And ooh, what did I just do? Wait,

Matthias Miller  1:43:10
wait a minute. Wait a minute. What 36 months?

Unknown Speaker  1:43:16
It is a 36 month?

Matthias Miller  1:43:17
Yes, that would explain it. 98 254, we're getting pretty

Speaker 2  1:43:21
close. You need to change your to 60% cash price payoff.

Matthias Miller  1:43:30
Okay, what does RTO pro say? The EPO is 5622 29 I

Speaker 2  1:43:44
uh, actual balance. You said 93 did you 40? Yeah, how many? How many days past two? RB, um, yeah. So they are due on the 18th,

Matthias Miller  1:43:54
21 so we're three days past 220.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:57
Cents, yeah. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:00
so it's you're holding consistent,

Matthias Miller  1:44:03
but there's something funky that they're doing in there. And

Unknown Speaker  1:44:09
okay, now, for the sake of kicks and giggles,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:14
I'm gonna go,

Speaker 2  1:44:17
I'm gonna go adjust the due date on this contract right here, and contract maintenance. Come on, not that I always forget where this maintenance, that's it, contract maintenance. And we're going to go, we're going to go back, we're going to go to the first and we're going to run this and see what happens. Okay, okay. So now update your days past due to be from the first

Matthias Miller  1:44:52
sorry, the past two days to be from the so that's 2020, days,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:59
and I'm. Showing an EPO of 5688 7988

Matthias Miller  1:45:07
79 that's it's 21 days, 8820 250-688-5688, 79 here, hang on. Let's go back to this guy. Let's just copy him over. We said, says the first, I think it should be 20 days, 5680 870-956-8879, okay. Well, and, I mean, I don't know what's I don't know what's going on here, but some Shireen, right. Well,

Speaker 2  1:45:38
that's, that's why I wanted to, I wanted to see if the calculation starts to cut off the further part we go,

Matthias Miller  1:45:42
are you sure there's not a oh, wait,

Speaker 2  1:45:47
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, that would generate a $5 late fee.

Matthias Miller  1:45:54
That would explain part of

Unknown Speaker  1:45:55
it. Yeah, yeah. That would generate a $5 late fee. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:46:23
Oh, are you sure they're actually this smart when they come to calculate daily rates?

Speaker 2  1:46:38
Oh, I'm not sure of any of that, unless they're, unless they're, they're calculate on the the 30 and 360 concept for month and year.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:56
30 doesn't do it.

Matthias Miller  1:47:02
That's getting close with the late fee the 360 would be

Matthias Miller  1:47:23
maybe it's still not holding up

Unknown Speaker  1:47:30
21 days.

Matthias Miller  1:47:36
This match what we saw with the others. I don't know how they're I don't know how they're calculating.

Matthias Miller  1:47:52
It not unless one of these is getting calculated off of the contract total instead of the monthly payment. Minute.

Matthias Miller  1:48:07
It smells of a rounding issue like

Matthias Miller  1:48:21
let's that's not right,

Unknown Speaker  1:48:26
divided by,

Unknown Speaker  1:48:35
yep, what was it?

Matthias Miller  1:48:40
They are calculating the daily rate based off of, I mean, with very likely, because this one, this one you said, has late fee rate, yep, very likely, off of total number of days. So number of days is 12 divided by this times 365, maybe even times 25 and then daily rate equals this divided by the this probably should Round it. I don't know if they are. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:49:31
there you go. Oh, that that one shifted. Where did that one shift? Maybe they're not rounding.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:38
Maybe they are.

Matthias Miller  1:49:46
Do you want? They're not using the quarters. They're doing 365, day days.

Matthias Miller  1:50:06
But they're not rounding.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:17
That's not true.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:27
So this one is times

Matthias Miller  1:50:29
12, divided by 365,

Speaker 2  1:50:33
while you chew on that. Do you mind if I fix something for Our dealer here? Sure.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:41
Put you over there.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:02
Hey, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:51:04
maybe it's three, or maybe they're handling like elite peers. You

Matthias Miller  1:51:17
would want to give me the contract start date?

Speaker 2  1:51:20
Would you? Uh, yeah, hold on one second. Which one are we working on

Matthias Miller  1:51:25
here? I mean, both of the ones you gave me contract.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:29
Start date was 619, 25

Matthias Miller  1:51:32
okay, and the one

Speaker 2  1:51:36
and the other one was 1118, 24 the

Matthias Miller  1:51:40
24 one, the last one was 36 months.

Speaker 2  1:51:44
Sorry, the the 1118, 2424 month and the sixth, 1925, is a 36 month. Mm,

Unknown Speaker  1:53:28
so that means the rounding issues coming from somewhere else.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:57
And cash price you.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:00
I think, Have it.

Matthias Miller  1:56:43
If you want to unlink it from the wrong so comma, highlight the so row and click the X button underneath it. If you want to unlink it from the wrong partial work order, comma, highlight the partial work order and click the X underneath that I'm

Matthias Miller  1:57:55
Are you still there are Yeah, still Working on the

Unknown Speaker  1:57:57
Yeah. I'm almost done. Okay, no worries.

Speaker 2  1:58:04
Oh, they dealer got it screwed up and put the wrong building on the sales order, and building gets out there on delivery, and the customer's like, that's not the one I wanted. And so now we have to get the right building on the sales order, and we have to make get all the transit tasks spun up to bring that one back and the new one out, and also fun, fun, fun,

Speaker 4  1:58:35
fun, fun, fun, fun. All

Matthias Miller  1:58:39
right, so here's how it works. Take the full length of the contract. Find the number of days of the contract. Do not round. So this is, this is the way they're doing it. This is the way they're doing it. Okay, find a daily rate, fractional value. Find out how much was paid. There's monthly payment, whatever. Okay, take the take the number of past two days times the daily rate, and that's the full rate balance. Take the remaining bat fraction, you know, not no rounding yet, balance for the cash price all the way cash price percentage, so you have that, then add them all together, and then when you're done with that, you round out the payment.

Speaker 2  1:59:25
Okay, so here's my question, if we do it our way, we come out a couple cents less than what they're doing it. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:59:35
it depends which I mean, depends which month you're in. But

Speaker 2  1:59:37
yes, okay, so, so, so in the case of so scooch, C and D down to twos columns, and now do column B in our method of calculating.

Matthias Miller  1:59:56
Well, you make it sound so simple.

Speaker 3  1:59:59
Yes, I know. I make. It sounds that simple after, after you rejiggered all the math.

Matthias Miller  2:00:06
So this is our daily rate. It's we're past due. This this much, and are we? I don't know how we want to do rounding, but anyway, let me isn't it basically just this? And in this case,

Speaker 2  2:00:26
literally that. So we come out of 2319 980, instead of 23

Matthias Miller  2:00:31
20% short because we have a longer month than average. And so we are charging you,

Unknown Speaker  2:00:45
I don't know

Unknown Speaker  2:00:47
brains, I Okay, here's the question.

Speaker 2  2:00:57
We don't want to go and change our entire method of calculating due dates and late fees and all that all that jazz, in order to match up with RTO Pro, I feel like our way is more defensible than theirs.

Matthias Miller  2:01:11
I do not disagree with you whatsoever.

Speaker 2  2:01:14
So their method is find the number of days in the length of the term and figure out your daily rate based on contract total, right, right, which

Matthias Miller  2:01:24
technically means that if you choose which day of the month you do yearly payoff, you'll have an unfair advantage.

Speaker 2  2:01:32
Or in the case of if you chose a month with 28 days, you might have it might swing back the other way, exactly. So

Unknown Speaker  2:01:45
now

Matthias Miller  2:01:47
is this easily explainable to whoever it might be? I don't know about that, but,

Speaker 2  2:02:01
but okay, there's, there's, I'm curious how he, how does he make the math work? Then to say, if I pay on the first of every month, like the first of every month, doesn't equal the same dollar value per day, if you calculate the way that he's calculating, some months, in essence, the day rate is over. Like, the day rate might be the same, but that means it would take more dollars on one day than another day in order to cap to get back to the first without simple like, rather than doing simple math calculations. Yes,

Matthias Miller  2:02:39
well, I don't think you really want to know how he's doing things. Okay, there are sometimes it's just better not to know how the sausage is made,

Speaker 3  2:02:49
because you might find things in there you don't want,

Matthias Miller  2:02:54
I realize they're using count testing. I don't know. Like, I mean, I I don't get the feeling. I would be shocked if they had a bunch of smart people sitting in a conference room saying, Well, we really should do it this way.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:15
Sure,

Unknown Speaker  2:03:17
like just i Okay,

Speaker 2  2:03:25
here's the executive decision. I want to proceed down the pathway that we've been going on, where we calculate the dollar value per day based on the month that we're inside of. You now understand how to do the math.

Matthias Miller  2:03:37
Okay, I want to be clear, though. I

Unknown Speaker  2:03:44
I don't,

Speaker 2  2:03:47
because you did it right there in column C, if

Matthias Miller  2:03:57
Okay, from the date of the last what we're basically saying is, from the beginning of the contract through today, you are paying full rental fees and tomorrow, well, is it Today or tomorrow?

Matthias Miller  2:04:21
Which rate do I get for today, the EPO amount or the rental fee?

Unknown Speaker  2:04:27
Well, I don't, okay.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:33
Column C

Speaker 2  2:04:36
is reflecting, okay. Column B is reflecting exactly the way the RTO Pro is calculated so but the duty was, if you change that amount, if you've changed the past two days to zero, what happens you paid change the past two days to zero,

Unknown Speaker  2:04:53
you should have.

Matthias Miller  2:05:01
Oh, you pay 13 fewer dollars,

Speaker 2  2:05:03
right? 2307 22 right, total payment. That's the that's the row. 28 is your EPO, correct? Yeah. Okay, so that's your EPO, and that is correct. So if you said six days past due, go back and put six days back in, because that's what we're at today. Now, now you're at 2320 22

Matthias Miller  2:05:24
Okay, so we said that as of the 15th, sorry, forgive. Okay, so as of the 15th, this was the balance. And 122345, okay, so today, you're still paying full rental rate tomorrow. You get the the the, okay, this is not quite right. Then this is the Calculate the contract value from start of contract through today. Here split the contract total into two parts, value through today and then value, value from start of contract through today, value from tomorrow through end of contract, full rental rate, and this is times cash price percentage. I mean, there's a million ways this is all out. There's a million ways to add all

Unknown Speaker  2:06:47
subtract

Matthias Miller  2:06:51
all rent paid, add all past due no because this is the total rental. Add all past due fees, dwf, late fees, other fees, etc, subtract, CRA, balance.

Matthias Miller  2:07:23
Add, slash, subtract security deposit balance. Well, you should always have you can't go negative on a security

Speaker 2  2:07:33
deposit, right, right, but I do think, and it's subtract, not subject that the CRA balance that there is one issue in here that I'm not sure how would function. So it's it all the numbers that you've been working with so far over there, in your calculations were including sales tax. CRA is a value coming into this?

Unknown Speaker  2:08:04
Well, no who.

Speaker 2  2:08:13
I don't know how to think about CRA. We might need to, we might like to run that out inside of the spreadsheet to make sure that that we fully understand what we're doing with the with the CRA, because, because the the CRA is is not a value reflected with sales tax, and the moment that you use it, you it needs to have sales tax in sales tax amount needs to be paid. Because,

Matthias Miller  2:08:40
right? So then, but I still think it just goes down to, it is a, it is a cost reduction thing. So I think we just calculate,

Speaker 2  2:08:49
well, there is another, there's another, an EPO with the other way you can calculate, this is an EPO is always calculated at full contract value, and in the CRA is treated like a security deposit

Matthias Miller  2:09:01
money, right? So, I mean, so we just straight up, subtract it from what? Well, I mean, either, either we have to, then do I think?

Speaker 2  2:09:24
Okay, let me. Let me explain it this way, presentation of numbers in RTO pro when there's a CRA is it all reduced numbers? Contract Value is presented as the reduced value. Contract balance, all of those numbers are are presented as reduced values. Okay, is that what you're saying? No, I'm saying in regards to when there's when there's a CRA on, on the account,

Matthias Miller  2:09:55
so the CRA will reduce, will show a reduced contract. Total, correct

Speaker 2  2:10:06
contract, total contract, contract balance, and so, so what I'm but it, it is calculated on on the the core, if you said under the hood, when there's a CRA, we disregard the CRA, and we calculate all EPO, no,

Speaker 1  2:10:23
no, no, no, no, no, No, no, no, I'm wrong. Totally wrong,

Unknown Speaker  2:10:29
completely wrong. I

Matthias Miller  2:10:43
what I don't understand.

Speaker 2  2:10:53
Okay, go to your spreadsheet, and I'll break out the numbers, and I think it'll make sense to you, so I don't care. Let's, let's go to column H, just for the sake of this. Well, which

Matthias Miller  2:11:02
one are we starting with? Mine or there's

Unknown Speaker  2:11:05
well

Speaker 2  2:11:08
for I don't, we're not, we're not in a calculation mode. So let's, let's, let's talk about, let's go. Let's, let's calculate with a cash price. We're going to say cash price of $10,000 okay, um, CRA, $5,000 so whatever the algebraic math is that reduces that $10,000 down.

Matthias Miller  2:11:41
So don't you mean this? So then this is equals 5000 divided by one minus like this? No, the other way.

Speaker 2  2:11:55
Well, is sales tax involved in this calculation? Yeah, I guess it is. Would that be okay? So let's hang on a second. Sorry, I I bailed halfway through my explanation. We're going to calculate this on a 36 month

Matthias Miller  2:12:11
term. Okay, so we have a cash

Speaker 2  2:12:15
so cash price term is, is 36 month. So now that you have your term, and obviously divisor on on 36 months, 21.6

Speaker 2  2:12:31
how do you how do you calculate? What is the calculation that that gives you the monthly payment and the actual, the actual CRA amount, this fancy algebraic equation, thingamajig, I don't

Matthias Miller  2:12:47
understand, the actual CRA amount is that, assuming that you're paying tax, and you have to pay tax out of the CRA,

Speaker 2  2:12:52
it's, it's not as we're not at a tax conversation yet. So this is pure, pure monthly calculations on a on a $10,000 contract, 36 month term with a $5,000 CRA,

Matthias Miller  2:13:02
okay, we have a $5,000 CRA. So theoretically, though it's, how is it not?

Unknown Speaker  2:13:21
How is it not just this?

Speaker 2  2:13:27
No, because we have to, we have to deduct out of the CRA the first month of rent for the C for the RTO contract.

Matthias Miller  2:13:38
So we need to say, so we need the we need the full term

Speaker 2  2:13:45
rent. It's that fancy algebraic equation,

Matthias Miller  2:13:49
isn't it? The full rent? Do we use the full rent as the basis?

Speaker 2  2:14:00
I don't know. Dude, I don't know how that I don't know how you calculate the the magic math for CRA is

Matthias Miller  2:14:50
generate, breakdown. That's about it. That's what it'll do to you. Um.

Matthias Miller  2:15:07
Total monthly payments. FB, monthly subtotal. FB, you

Matthias Miller  2:15:29
Yeah, so we're saying, we're just saying full price plus tax, plus

Matthias Miller  2:16:08
maybe, does this help? Not really.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:18
Can we just

Speaker 2  2:16:20
well, okay, what I was trying when I was trying to get to in, in breaking these numbers out, is all of that, all of that happens pre tax, the calculation of

Unknown Speaker  2:16:30
of the monthly rent, what

Speaker 2  2:16:33
comes out of the CRA, what the actual CRA, all of that takes place pre tax, so that when you, when You however, you add it back in the CRA amount at the close of the contract. Tax needs to be charged, right? I mean,

Matthias Miller  2:16:51
but the CRA is basically you're calculating everything else pre tax, then, then you're charging tax on top of it, and you're you need to make sure that you only use the CRA for the CR is paying for the includes tax amount. I mean,

Speaker 2  2:17:07
I mean, I guess the the other way that you could think about this is that under the hood, all, all of these calculations are done pre tax, and only, only whenever you're presenting a number, do you put the tax onto it? So in other words, any all the EPO calculations, all your dollar per day, all of that number, all of those things could be calculated pre tax, so that when you add back in a CRA you just you calculate tax on the whole ball of wax,

Matthias Miller  2:17:46
right? I mean, it would be basically,

Matthias Miller  2:18:04
right

Speaker 2  2:18:25
this split the contract total into two parts is just confusing to me.

Unknown Speaker  2:18:30
Why? I'm not

Unknown Speaker  2:18:31
sure what you're doing. I don't

Speaker 1  2:18:34
know if I can agree with it or disagree with it. Okay? So

Matthias Miller  2:18:41
from the time the contract was signed through today, you rented the building and you were going to pay full rental rate. Okay, starting tomorrow through the end of the contract, you get the early payoff rate, which is the cash price percentage, that is the total contract as the contract total. So then all you do is subtract the rent paid,

Matthias Miller  2:19:12
add back in anything that's past due, and handle security CRA, balance and security deposit. I'm sure there's a way to explain it that makes more sense to you. But

Unknown Speaker  2:19:27
well, okay,

Speaker 2  2:19:29
if you and Seth, understand, what if the two you are clear on this, then good, great. I don't, I don't have to understand, necessarily, understand your explanation, as long as we come out to the same the correct numbers.

Matthias Miller  2:19:49
Okay, we think in theory.

Matthias Miller  2:20:00
Yeah, well, but if we're showing early payoff, pre tax,

Speaker 1  2:20:08
we don't know, they don't, they don't.

Speaker 2  2:20:16
Okay, so for the sake of this, let's go back, go back to your spreadsheet. For the sake of this conversation, that's, that's, let's do all of this calculation pre tax. So which one you want to pick? I don't care. Well, I got two of them open here, so let's, let's tell me which one you want to be 24 months. Okay, the 24 month contract, the payment amount is 205, 36 so rebuild your calculations in 205 36 times 24 months. So you have your contract balance or your contract total before sales tax.

Unknown Speaker  2:20:52
205,

Matthias Miller  2:20:53
36 here. Hang on. 205, 36 205, 36 Okay.

Unknown Speaker  2:21:02
Recalculate your contract total.

Matthias Miller  2:21:06
So then we're going to do

Speaker 2  2:21:10
so that would make so then you're gonna do math for the rest of this in order to get your balance and so on and so forth.

Matthias Miller  2:21:19
Okay, so the balance should now say balance without tax, is 29 5102 right? Hey, then we have the daily rate

Speaker 2  2:21:30
they've Okay, you got to change how much they've paid. So take 24 take your 205 36 times nine payments. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  2:21:44
Okay, and

Matthias Miller  2:21:46
then theoretically, what's the tax rate?

Unknown Speaker  2:21:54
Give me a second. I'll find it. Contracting, contract maintenance, 7% there you go.

Unknown Speaker  2:22:15
Comes out the same,

Matthias Miller  2:22:20
so, but then here,

Speaker 2  2:22:21
but when it in handling this, it's all about when we, how we, when we drop CRA numbers back into it. Tax needs to be paid on that CRA amount.

Matthias Miller  2:22:36
Okay, I guess here's the issue, the CRA may technically be used for taxable and non taxable items, right?

Unknown Speaker  2:22:44
What would be a non taxable item, late fee,

Speaker 2  2:22:52
if they wait too long? No that when you are paying off a contract with a CRA, that CRA is there to balance back out what the original price of the building was.

Matthias Miller  2:23:05
So it's never used to pay late fees.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:06
No,

Speaker 2  2:23:08
not unless you're converting it, in order to, you know when at the point of a conversion, but at the point of close, it is, it is, no, you don't that is, that amount comes in and gets charged sales tax on top of it, and that is it. So

Matthias Miller  2:23:24
wouldn't we do subtract usable CRA balance, ie, a $5,000 CRA with 5% taxable rent equals 105 1000 divided by 1.05

Speaker 2  2:23:50
equals you're calling yourself. Your sales tax is 5%

Unknown Speaker  2:23:53
right?

Speaker 2  2:24:02
No, but that's no, it would be 5000 plus 5% are

Matthias Miller  2:24:09
you talking about at the point of payoff, if you're calculating payoff, if I have $5,000 that $5,000 has to cover sales tax.

Speaker 2  2:24:24
Oh gosh, I want to go find some a contract with CRA and act like I'm paying it off so I can break these numbers down. Because otherwise I feel like I'm I'm wildly going off and telling you something silly. Let me. Let me just do that. Let me find

Matthias Miller  2:24:37
there is also the question, which I think would be the more useful question right now, I think I'm pretty comfortable with these numbers. I know you don't understand them, and you might disagree. I might be wrong, but I actually do have another issue with this. Though, when you do that, I think the more useful question is, once we're happy with relatively happy with these numbers, is what do you literally want to display to the user when you say, Go pay this thing off?

Speaker 2  2:25:01
Yeah, well, we got to get the we got to get all our numbers correct before we you we need to be on the same page about what numbers they are, and that way we can present them. Haha,

Speaker 1  2:25:13
okay, oh no, that's CPO bummer. Um,

Matthias Miller  2:25:19
I also disagree with your statement that that you can get an early payoff percentage during the grace period because you've rented the building.

Speaker 2  2:25:28
Well, okay, backing up on that statement was the whole assigning rentals fees back in for the days that you're

Matthias Miller  2:25:37
currently due. I mean, it's right. We're currently due is basically how long you've had the building, which is basically today.

Unknown Speaker  2:25:47
Why is there not a search bar here that I can go

Unknown Speaker  2:25:49
if I do you

Matthias Miller  2:25:52
fundamentally buy into this premise. Every day that I have the building, I'm paying a rental fee. And any days in the future when I'm not going to be renting the building because I paid it off, I'm not paying a fee.

Speaker 1  2:26:06
Yeah, I don't understand the distinction, though. Okay,

Matthias Miller  2:26:13
I don't think past due is, well, yeah, okay, it's two ways to touch your nose,

Unknown Speaker  2:26:22
two ways to touch your ass. He says,

Unknown Speaker  2:26:30
Did they represent the CRA?

Speaker 2  2:26:41
Okay, here's the deal I need to drop off. I'm going to go find you a CRA contract, and I'm going to act like I'm closing it, and I'm going to send you a screenshot so that we can get these this straight. Okay,

Matthias Miller  2:26:55
did you still want to do a T shirt tomorrow?

Unknown Speaker  2:26:58
Yes.

Matthias Miller  2:27:00
Okay, see you. Then. Have a good night. Yep, later. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai