Speaker 1  00:01
All right. Well I think here's a very interesting perspective shift. That could be really useful to apply. I think people it's easy to sell people time and money. That's what's easy to sell. But people don't really like the idea of I mean, what's the point of assessments and indexes and like that's the tool of if you need the tool, but people don't honestly care about that. They care about the the outcome.

Unknown Speaker  00:36
So imagine that I had a consulting engagement, where we would do three things. One, optimize your people for the role. So let's say you applied at 20 to it. So you have a discovery.

Speaker 1  00:58
And you go find the people who are lowest performing and you see whether you can reorient them. I don't know what is the 8020 of that, what is the 8080 20 of this piece, I mean, part of the 8020 is you work with senior with leadership and senior management around organizational design as IE, here's this manager, they would do much better if they were in this other type of role or position and if we could do that, then then what? Think that's actually a fairly substantial 8020 And then that could actually ripple down into broader pieces. pillar number two is what are the actual activities? What's your actual process? How was it defined? How efficient is your process? What are tools that you need to put in place to support your existing process?

Unknown Speaker  02:24
This comes down to software tech automation, those types of things. And do you literally have to prove on the balance sheet that this is profitable?

Speaker 1  02:50
out probably not. can probably just upgrade this whole thing if it's a big enough company, on the understanding and the assumption that this is going to drive profitability. So if you take somebody who's moderately good at x, if you do two things, so you have the performance multiplier, which is if if you can tap tap in deeper into their intrinsic motivation,

Unknown Speaker  03:42
if you can dive deeper into their highest value skill and if you can get rid of the things that get in their way

Speaker 1  04:00
then that's the that's that dimension and then the other dimension is org chart. Like there's an individual dimension and there's an org chart org chart dimension at the time X ray really does identify drains on this

Speaker 1  04:32
and it would be interesting to the time extra is actually way easier than what I think it might

Unknown Speaker  04:41
literally be because we could take the time X ray and we could apply it to investor tools. Senior Leadership and identify opportunity for optimization. And then we could do this with the management team.

Unknown Speaker  05:13
Whoever might make sense to or select individuals in the organization or the issue is that it was at a time X ray with his management X ray. Well, it was an efficiency X Ray

Unknown Speaker  05:36
would have it's an efficiency score. What if it's something like that? I think one of the things I need to do is I need to do a walkthrough

Speaker 1  05:47
with Gary forbury of this and show him kind of what it is how it works.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai