Speaker 1  00:02
So as some of the changes we've been making with how we do my inbox, it's become clear that reactivity is one of the biggest enemies of quality leadership.

Unknown Speaker  00:15
It's One of the things that keeps you from

Speaker 1  00:19
getting the things done that need to get done. So the question naturally becomes how do you become proactive? And The idea is, you could actually do like a one hour webinar on this.

Unknown Speaker  00:31
And

Speaker 1  00:33
on how to end reactivity, I think one of the major components has to be centered around kind of the head trash around it. I think there's part of it where you just have to do it. First of all, so that the stuff the head trash actually surfaces, And then you can deal with the head trash. But I think some of these things, like my journaling last night, Richard wars, comments about boundaries, and false self false identity are huge issues in that fears of disappointing other people, fears of losing one's reputation, etc, etc. Those are all major potential issues. But then there's obviously Well, first of all, I think that's one of the major pieces because it has to be dealt with before you can actually implement some of the tactical pieces. For this. As far as the tactical pieces, I think there's, There are things like

Unknown Speaker  01:34
there's questions like how,

Unknown Speaker  01:36
Well let me back up.

Speaker 1  01:40
This The thing that we've been doing with email, you know, there's kind of two approaches to that. One is if if you're solo, then you can, you can actually do a lot by unsubscribed from emails, and creating email automation into you know, for email subscriptions, which ones are higher priority, which ones are lesser priority,

Unknown Speaker  01:58
Those kinds of things.

Speaker 1  02:01
And then there's also the, you know, the things you know, where you, we have prioritization, you prioritize contacts, some contacts should have higher access to you than others. That's helpful. If you can have self discipline fruit and not to appear until late in the day, That's better. But that can be difficult. If you have a team member, you should take it one step further, by having the daily calls and having them review. And This is where you'll likely find a bunch of the head trash surfacing because you're not going to respond to the same

Unknown Speaker  02:39
quality or are

Unknown Speaker  02:43
possible possibly responsiveness the two bit idealize

Speaker 1  02:50
The kind of reveals a cultural perception that we should be tied to her email, which is absolutely false. Another thing that you can do is texting is a problem. You can put your phone on Do Not Disturb

Unknown Speaker  03:06
or do something similar to that but to have a way for

Speaker 1  03:12
me to say say your spouse needs, needs the ability to access you in emergency situations or something like that. Have a have a way for that to be for you to be available that way.

Unknown Speaker  03:29
Not quite sure technologically how you approach that.

Unknown Speaker  03:35
But it's worth thinking about.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai