Unknown Speaker  00:00
I Think Something thought video might be easier So we can Screen Share you.

Unknown Speaker  03:57
If morning. Hey, Joel,

Speaker 1  04:20
sorry, I'm not sure what's over that the Eve the invite yesterday did not have the link. So that was weird.

Matthias Miller  04:26
That's weird day. Well, it probably has something to do with the guy on the other side of this problem between keyboard and chair.

Unknown Speaker  04:39
There's always that possibility. I guess

Unknown Speaker  04:41
I'm sorry.

Unknown Speaker  04:50
Okay,

Speaker 1  04:52
all right, I am. I've got all my forms completed. Finally took me like I'm. Month and a half too long. But now I am working, trying to figure out workflow and all that stuff, and I am a little bit lost,

Unknown Speaker  05:10
so I guess okay.

Matthias Miller  05:14
So what are you wanting to do with the forms?

Speaker 1  05:17
So when a form comes in, the the three sales people that we have need to be notified. Based off of and we've talked about ZIP Code dividing a zip code. So I've got all those zip codes divided out and everything. Just not sure how that how that works in like workflow, where does that end up? I created a workflow yesterday. When I tested it, it said something about needing

Unknown Speaker  05:45
what was it?

Speaker 1  05:52
A pipeline? So, yes, how does that? How does that work? I'm a little bit lost in some of that stuff, right?

Matthias Miller  06:00
So let's go over to let me pull it up and I'll share, and we can look at it

Matthias Miller  06:15
together. The horse burns one. Yes, all right, so we got a form. So assign the user. So the first thing you're going to want to do is put in an if else where the zip postal is.

Matthias Miller  06:46
I Well, sorry, let's actually start with this. Let me start with the problem that's showing up right now. One of the things you might want to do, I don't know if it matters, one of the things you might consider is only doing it to unassigned contacts, so if the same person comes back, they still get the same same salesperson. The reason why this doesn't work is because the redirect page, we need to create an opportunity for them. You can send them to the contact, but if you want to send them to the opportunity, we got to create an opportunity first, before we we send them this notification.

Speaker 1  07:31
Okay, so what's the best way to do that, send it as an opportunity?

Matthias Miller  07:34
Or I would. I mean, that's how, yeah, I would. So what I would do here is, I would only apply to unassigned contacts, just so that you don't grab somebody else's and then there's a create opportunity here and put in horse barn. Horse barn leads pipelines, set the pipeline stage to new lead. Probably is where it would go anyway, potentially set opportunity name to something like, you know, contact, full name, and the it's actually all you really need. And then when you then, the notification is going to pop them over to the opportunity,

Unknown Speaker  08:32
okay?

Matthias Miller  08:33
And then the other thing you need over here is the zip

Matthias Miller  08:41
code. Look up. So here you'll do, is any of, all right, this is, this is please, don't, you know, but Right? But then it'd be something like that. And then you add, just add one, add another branch for again, postal code is

Matthias Miller  09:14
one of is any of, yep. And then, here what we'll do then. So here you'll assign it to this user. Here you'll assign it to what would be one of the Yeah, yeah. And then, and then you can do a go to, we're right after that.

Unknown Speaker  09:45
Okay, so

Matthias Miller  09:47
it'll follow that. Yep, yeah, that way, you don't have to that way. You don't have to copy the create opportunity and internal notification across all three. Sure that makes sense. That does,

Speaker 2  10:03
yep, okay, and now,

Unknown Speaker  10:12
all right, that makes sense. So when we go to

Speaker 2  10:22
test this workflow? Yes, let's test it. Make sure it's working.

Matthias Miller  10:26
Well, it's not going to work because

Unknown Speaker  10:28
there is no business zip codes, right, right?

Matthias Miller  10:32
But we could do, let's do this. We could temporarily show you who How do you want it's, is there going to be somebody who's going to catch any out of area stuff?

Speaker 2  10:46
Yes, yes. That will get split between two different people. All

Matthias Miller  10:51
right, so let's do, I mean, just for fun, we could do. Who would that get split Joel and

Unknown Speaker  10:56
Matt. You and Matt

Matthias Miller  11:01
and you can, you can split it, is it 5050, or

Unknown Speaker  11:07
haven't decided that yet, but probably will be okay.

Matthias Miller  11:10
So if we wanted to, we could do something like this, and then we could, because

Matthias Miller  11:20
obviously none of those are going to be in the right what Do they do?

Matthias Miller  11:30
Yeah, there You go. Any refreshing test?

Speaker 2  12:02
Oh, yeah, okay. Now it's now it's there, okay. So then, okay, so then, then we can do all right? So now, if we go back over to the opportunities, that's where we can do our different filters, right? As far as adding an opportunity, you know, new lead, contacted proposal, sent deposit, received that type of thing, you can kind of create however many you want in there, right? Yep, that's right, yep.

Speaker 1  12:44
Okay. And then how does, how does the All right, I think I get that idea now, the idea of taking shed app and plugging everything through

Matthias Miller  13:02
the CRM. I mean, whenever you're ready, I can, we can we can get that set up. We'll have to, we'll have to map here. Let me go

Speaker 1  13:18
busy with go to shut up and map in the CRM. Email, i

Unknown Speaker  14:00
right? So we'll need to

Unknown Speaker  14:10
what's your Shut up address,

Speaker 1  14:15
app, dot premier structures.com, or dot biz,

Unknown Speaker  14:19
senior. Pretty

Unknown Speaker  14:24
much structured up is Yep,

Unknown Speaker  14:26
so you'll see new

Unknown Speaker  14:43
Alright, so we're going to have the idea. Let's go down here into lists users. All right. So. We'd have.

Matthias Miller  15:18
And all of these, all of these should have their stuff coming across. Should all of their quotes be coming into the CRM,

Speaker 1  15:30
yeah, once we have it set up, Richard mask won't be. He's just an admin it so he won't,

Unknown Speaker  15:42
and then, okay,

Matthias Miller  15:47
so then we need to, okay, but we need a actually, don't think it's gonna, let me say we need a pipeline for sheds.

Speaker 1  15:55
Well, I was, that's what I was gonna ask. Is there, is there a possibility of, is there, is there any point in separating the pipelines for horse barns, dog kennels, sheds, carports and all that, or is, should it just be opportunities where everything is thrown in and then it's sorted by the salesperson?

Matthias Miller  16:12
We do it like that, but I would just put into one. I mean, it's just, it's obnoxious to back and forth, unless they're literally putting on different hats. And like, in the morning, I'm doing this in the afternoon. That's not

Speaker 2  16:25
life like, right? Yeah, okay, then we'll just, then we'll just do one so we can

Matthias Miller  16:32
tie it out to the horse barn stage. But then the question is, let me go pull up the we get. Let's see CSC settings. Like for CSC, we got new opportunities pending sale. Sold one, but then they actually track it when it's in production as well, and then closed final in a canceled stage as well.

Matthias Miller  17:15
So this should be new lead deposit. We got a deposit.

Unknown Speaker  17:25
I'm going to add, I'm going to add some of those in there, in a deposit received.

Matthias Miller  17:33
Let's do this. Let me, let me batteries running down, and hopefully you don't disappear on you. They'd be

Speaker 3  17:46
so see, I'll shoot over you. Can do what you want. I'll shoot over there.

Unknown Speaker  17:56
Yeah, it's

Matthias Miller  18:03
See, whoa. Man, they're serious. I didn't realize they added this many. I

Matthias Miller  18:44
All right, I'm gonna guess. I mean, like we get, we get folks who they don't go, I just email it real. Take about 30 seconds to get it where, but we got folks who are way less intense on this stuff than how does that not surprise me? The man doesn't like to waste time, so yeah,

Unknown Speaker  19:09
he's one of a kind, right there,

Unknown Speaker  19:11
one of a kind. So yeah,

Matthias Miller  19:20
if you want to get those set up, and then I'll go into shit app, and

Matthias Miller  19:30
we need to Set up a web hook here at endpoint.

Unknown Speaker  19:41
Actually, I helping

Speaker 1  19:43
my battery. Well, that doesn't right now, if you got other things, you got to get to set up and and I don't know, I mean, you know how slow I am. So we'll see. Yeah, yeah. Whatever needs to be done there. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  20:04
I think, I mean, I think regardless, we need those. We do need those. We do need to map out what happens at each of those stages so those, those pipeline does need to have the stages in the pipeline do need to be set up just a little bit more before we can

Speaker 1  20:19
right, yeah. And I'll probably, what I'll do today is work on the Get on, get the workflow done for each of the forms. Because there's certain forms, like, there's about two or three forms that won't go anywhere except to my email or my notifications. And then there's different forms for, you know, different different forms get hit different sales people. So I'll set all those forms up those workflows and add into the pipeline category for what I need. And then maybe next week we can, when you have more battery time, get get some stuff settled up on that.

Matthias Miller  20:52
Yeah, just, just next week, I think, I mean, hopefully cross your fingers can be a little more open than than this week was. And then as soon as you know when you want to, when you want to, really, finally, flip everything over. Because one of the I'll give you, I'll

Speaker 1  21:10
give you plenty of time on that next week, I have to go install some stuff at another sales location.

Unknown Speaker  21:19
And I've got,

Speaker 1  21:23
about two days worth of, well, I got a whole day worth of barbecue bucks that I gotta smoke, so I won't be doing anything other than working and smoking barbecue that day. And so it's just, you know, that's how my week goes. And then all of the next thing, you know, it's Saturday.

Unknown Speaker  21:35
And so exactly that's been Bailey gets you, that's

Speaker 1  21:43
just how my life goes. So I'll on workflows and getting all some of that stuff down, and then, and then we'll check back. Yeah, so I'll

Matthias Miller  21:52
take a few minutes here to get the rest of the as much of the Shut up stuff set up as they can, so that we just need to flip the switch and change a few settings.

Unknown Speaker  22:00
And as far as the sales people, it's going to be, let's

Speaker 1  22:11
see, I need to add one more user. There's going to be four of us in sales. One's a part time guy. So we still got to figure that that side of it out. Matt crystal, myself and Mark Miller, so I don't know if that has anything to do with what you're

Unknown Speaker  22:28
setting up.

Speaker 1  22:29
How do you handle part time? A part time guy, because when he's working, you know, if he works two days in a row or three days, he needs access to leads. I would think he also needs, I mean, he uses shit app, I guess technically, new leads coming in, we could not send to him.

Unknown Speaker  22:57
Yeah. So here's what I would do here, let me, let me get my

Matthias Miller  23:11
okay. So what I would do if he's okay? Here's one way you could do it. I I think this would

Unknown Speaker  23:33
work. Let me pull this up there. These would go into. I

Unknown Speaker  23:53
just contact details. See that simple word.

Unknown Speaker  24:14
Or date,

Unknown Speaker  24:27
events, custom values.

Matthias Miller  24:47
Uh, let me ping support. Let me see if they would have any ideas on this. Because it seems to me like, Well, there's two ways you could do it. You could do. By a time, by a schedule. So any leads that come in during his working schedule, that

Speaker 1  25:06
doesn't work, because sometimes he works on Monday, sometimes a Wednesday, and the next time it's Thursday, Friday, Saturday.

Matthias Miller  25:11
So so then the other option would be, we could give him a we did this in the past, or another, another company where it's like, does he always work full days?

Unknown Speaker  25:27
He'll work a full day? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  25:32
we're first thing in the morning. Well, something like every evening.

Matthias Miller  25:42
It him, he's gonna be working the next day. He needs to send a text into the system and and that starts routing leads his way, and it stops the end of the next day, or like, end of, like, five o'clock the next day, and so he has to do it. So I need to figure out how we would store that but and

Speaker 1  26:22
I honestly would be okay with with having him just be a user in the CRM and not necessarily get outside leads, because if he's only working One day,

Speaker 1  26:41
because then if he sets up initial contact, it's his contact, and then from there on, you know, everything's scheduled through his process.

Matthias Miller  26:51
What is the guy actually doing? I'm sorry, what's the guy actually doing? Is he just handling walk ons? Yeah, mostly, yeah, because, I mean, you can't do follow ups, no, that's anything that needs a follow up, exactly.

Speaker 1  27:06
So I think probably the best thing to do is we're going to figure out how to get him in as just a user in the CRM for walk ins, yeah, and if the phone's routed through CRM, we're gonna have to figure out how to get him the phone and him how to route the phone number to him for the days that he's working. So something to think about. I know our time's up, so I'll let you go and something we'll we'll hit on the next time. I guess, give you something to think about at night when you're laying in bed, can't sleep, I promise

Matthias Miller  27:37
I'm not going to be thinking about that. So that's dangerous to say. Is there any chance of having a you guys, don't he doesn't have a landline at that location, or anything like that. But there's something that we could

Speaker 1  27:52
no there's, there's no landline here. It's all run through. I actually took the way the landline here and put it into the CRM.

Matthias Miller  28:02
I mean, I would do the same thing, but, I mean, we can do something very similar with the text or that, hey, I'm here, or something. In the morning, he's like, I'm here. And potentially we could, we could have it set up that calls also get routed to him that way, if you want,

Unknown Speaker  28:19
or if, if,

Unknown Speaker  28:26
yeah, the other option

Matthias Miller  28:27
is spend 100 bucks and get him a cheap phone that runs on Wi Fi in the office. He just leaves it there. It's not ideal. Anyway, we can figure

Speaker 3  28:39
something out. All right. I appreciate the time. Matt, absolutely thank you. Joel, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai