Speaker 1  00:00
Trying to figure out if I have it. Oh, there we go. Perfect. Okay, review and gratitudes for this past quarter. So a lot has happened. Shed Expo being the big one, I think that was leading up to

Matthias Miller  00:18
Yes, shed Expo, tech journalism.

Unknown Speaker  00:38
Boy, let's see

Matthias Miller  00:39
should Expo and like the well, the partnership with Josh,

Unknown Speaker  00:51
Yeah, absolutely

Matthias Miller  00:56
renegotiations with codecrafters. It's not fully complete, but

Unknown Speaker  01:03
it's going extremely well. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  01:20
How's Haley working out? Still, I haven't heard about her for a few weeks.

Matthias Miller  01:24
Meeting with her today, she's just like, silently, listen, this is this is no offense to you or me, but I'm not sure that anybody over 30 should be doing social media in my I kind of agree with you, if you're not opposed Devin was, we'll get into this. Yeah, yes. Haley is a Jen. She's like, Hey, can we go on Tiktok? I'm like, I don't know if

Speaker 1  01:51
she has the energy to do such things. Then, yeah. I mean,

Matthias Miller  01:55
can you put it as YouTube shorts? That's great. I'm like, Let's go like he's using Opus pro figuring it out. That's crazy. It just the only time her mom told me the backstory. They went to a ball game. Didn't get home until like 2am and, I mean, she's so detail oriented and conscientious. It's it almost hurts. I love it. That's the only time she ever screwed anything up. And it wasn't even anything bad. She put two posts into one. She was just dog tired. She hadn't gotten caught up with her work yet a little further. But she she would never have told me that, but her mom was like, Yeah, that's what happened. So she's been doing great, taking a lot of initiative, using tons of AI. Her mom was like, Well, can I help you out? And Haley's like, No, Mom, you don't know this stuff,

Speaker 1  03:02
that's great. What is she doing? Social Media for pub in the desert. Okay, great. And so that that's working really pretty well.

Matthias Miller  03:11
Yeah, she's publishing the Spotify, YouTube substack. She's, she's generating substack articles and content, which is all good. I mean, it's, it's simple stuff, because it's just coming out of the transcript, repurposing it.

Speaker 1  03:24
No, I know I'm, I'm jealous. I don't I want that stuff. I mean, I'm happy that you've got Haley doing pub in the desert, but, man, I'm jealous of a content stream. Wonderful.

Matthias Miller  03:37
Yeah. So then Devin yesterday, he's like, Hey, Matthias, can I use Instagram? I'm like, Dude, I mean, so we got to talk about that. I'm not opposed to I'm just like, I'm like, I'm an old guy. Like, I am a complete Yeah. Like, this makes me feel really old. Like, welcome to the one part of my business where I generally just know,

Speaker 1  04:05
no, I know social media is just tricky, and I agree with you, age is such a huge factor. Again, depending on what you're doing. Tiktok is such a big deal right now, and it makes sense for, like, the podcast and stuff it there comes with its own headaches. But, I mean, people are blowing up on Tiktok, that is the thing to do if you want to focus on big growth right now. So that makes a lot of sense. It's just, it's got its own headaches, I guess. So, yeah, they all do. So, yeah, I love that. That's great. I Yeah, and I don't know, like, yeah, we'll just kind of see how that goes. That's but that's exciting. Having people in there trying to mix it up. It's fantastic. So Haley is a big gratitude for the quarter.

Unknown Speaker  04:50
What else?

Speaker 1  04:53
And my brain just sort of feels like sludge today. It's been a really long week, but I think there, this has been a it's been. Little bit of a hectic quarter, but I think there's been a lot of good stuff that has come out of it. I mean, we've got, or at least, it seems like to me, there's just a lot of informational, educational clarity that's come out of it. Am I wrong on that?

Unknown Speaker  05:15
I really, truly, guess. Yeah. Okay, yeah.

Speaker 1  05:23
That seems fair. So, I mean, we've gotten closer to the goal. I guess maybe that's a good jumping off point. We've gotten closer to the overall goal. How? And, I mean, at the beginning of the year, we had a money goal, and I'm not sure that that's really stuck. I honestly don't even remember what it was supposed to be by the end of the year,

Speaker 2  05:43
we are so far from right. We're still behind last year, right?

Speaker 1  05:53
But in terms of our focus goal now, which is to find a repeatable, sustainable offer that's actually going to make you money, that's what we're trying to get close to get closer to.

Matthias Miller  06:03
Yeah, yeah. You're going to take one one minute notice,

Unknown Speaker  06:08
absolutely, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:55
And I want to get this thought occurred to me last night, like I'm going to go ask Perry. Perry, do you want me to go on site to court this RTO company?

Unknown Speaker  07:11
Or do you

Unknown Speaker  07:13
want me to be at the round take time off their roundtable meeting?

Matthias Miller  07:20
I would far rather sorry. One more thought, Josh. Josh long said, Yeah, I mentioned something about round table. He's like, Yeah, most people, when they start working with me, they quit round table and we just focus on executing. You are my guy. Like, that's hilarious. Let's go man,

Speaker 1  07:41
yeah, that does make a lot of sense. Well, I mean, I think one of the things that's getting us potentially closer than I don't know exactly how to put it, is at least evaluating the relationship with with round table and those types of activities and starting to focus on execution.

Matthias Miller  07:59
I agree. I feel like, I feel like I have enough people around me and I've even thought about that.

Unknown Speaker  08:10
Well, okay, let's

Matthias Miller  08:15
Well, my brain is really add this morning.

Unknown Speaker  08:18
No, it's okay. Mine too. So we're

Matthias Miller  08:22
both, yeah, I mean, lessons learned closer and further. Okay, closer. Yes, I don't know where to put this. It probably deserves some attention, but I've been thinking about putting together my own personal board of directors. So Josh Long's involved and and I don't know who else it would be. Maybe it's not that many people it could be. Maybe it's not even that. Maybe I don't even need it like, maybe just Josh long. And in my own sanity, I think having Josh long on the business side and Kevin on the personal, internal game kind of side is like, it is, is some, I think high acting support for not basically no money, for a little money.

Speaker 1  09:13
I think that's fair. I really like that idea for you actually, sort of in an alignment way, it feels like it would be more aligned, potentially, even in our quarterly planning like right now, I was approaching this meeting not entirely sure what to do, because I think when I first suggested that we do these, I thought they'd be more clarifying than they are. I think there's a lot of value doing them, but I'm not. We never really stick to a plan, you know, and so the best nuggets that come out of this are probably what's gotten us closer, what's gotten us further, the sort of general, strategic stuff, which is important. But I wonder if you do better with a, I think, a personal board of directors, or, like a support system, where maybe you have a quarterly. A meeting with those people to give you this more high level, because I'm the more bottom I'm trying to be the more bottom down. Let's execute person for you, and I think that's where I belong. But then, if there was more clarity on the high level strategic stuff, maybe from a personal board of directors, maybe that filters down better. What do you think?

Matthias Miller  10:24
Well, okay, so my mind wants to go back. What was your plan for last quarter, and did we execute? The other problem too is, do we have enough visibility into the plan? Do I that to maintain accountability? I don't think I have enough support structure around it. Also,

Unknown Speaker  10:40
that

Speaker 1  10:44
that is potentially pretty fair. I, I think one of the struggle things, the things that I struggle with in terms of a support structure, is this isn't fundamentally the way you work, setting a strategy and following it just isn't, isn't how you work. And so we, we veer off pretty, pretty fast.

Matthias Miller  11:04
Well, okay, that some of this is, I mean, I know I say this a lot, let's, let's go back to closer and further for this this time. Yep, I think pain tolerance and embracing discomfort and fear has gone up substantially

Unknown Speaker  11:25
for me in the last quarter. Okay, yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  11:29
and managing my emotions, and I say this a lot, that I think there's okay, there's a gap between what I think I can do with all apologies for language, but hating is the name of the game in this season of life, yeah, and more comfortable I can be with that, the better. And so I think just the fact that I don't naturally work this way does not mean that, you know, why don't I naturally work that way? I think part of it is, one of the things that's happened is, well, you know that one of the things I've been detoxing from for the last 18 last year, probably primarily, has been all of the external voices that say you should do this, you should be this. You should whatever. Yeah, listening to to that. And that's part of where the add just shiny object syndrome comes from. So that's another closer to is like, I feel like I am detoxing from that. I feel like there's some stuff. He sold me on the star principle. He sold me on the growth idea. But I'm just obviously that just didn't happen. And Josh long and Josh Thomas' This is another closer moment. I feel like my conversation with Josh Thomas about his experience with Perry was a real eye opener, and there was something Perry's very good at explaining things strategically, but not in a way that has teeth in it, like Josh Thomas as an example.

Unknown Speaker  13:07
I've been, I feel like I've been wrapping my head around some of this stuff more that was a rambling thing. So so

Matthias Miller  13:18
I feel, I also feel like my big, behemoth consulting projects, if I can land hostile, if we can land hostile, and get that going between hostile only and assist, I have enough. I have a proven momentum of that working that I feel like that can carry me a good bit where I really start going sideways is if I run out of work and then I just go completely bonkers and haywire.

Speaker 1  13:45
Like, well, if I think it becomes, and I have noticed that pattern, and I think it makes sense, it becomes sort of a survival it becomes a money survival thing at that point, correct? Like, it becomes a cash flow problem, right? And I get and that makes a lot of sense, and that probably is the correct priority in that moment, but it does make everything else go a little haywire, so I don't think that's a bad thing. I just think it's something to recognize as cash flow is still the number one priority. So as long as that's stable with host, settler and assist, we are good. And if it destabilizes, we have to go back to stabilizing it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  14:24
yes. And if we can, if we don't renew round table, if round table doesn't get an ROI my wife was like, Did you make any money off of round table? And I'm like, she's like, why are you doing it? I'm like, Wow, good point. I mean, like bringing some of that stuff up. Could really help with cash flow.

Unknown Speaker  14:42
That would be that'd be great. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:46
So anyway, where was I going? So I feel like, to your point, what I'm trying to say is, yes, we've struggled sticking with the plan, but please, let's not stop trying to plan and stick to the plan.

Speaker 1  15:00
And no, I Well, I agree. I didn't intend to make it sound like I wanted to stop planning. I just thought maybe some better, some better voices in your ear, maybe getting to the detoxing from the external voices, you know, maybe if you have a clear sense of what's going on in your head, then maybe we have an easier sense to to let it filter down. And I was looking, speaking of which I should pull this up. So our what we landed on for q3 the big goal was testing the CRM implementation as an entry point into shed rescue, which we did test and was not what we wanted. Is that fair enough

Unknown Speaker  15:36
sales team assessments worked? Okay.

Matthias Miller  15:40
At least. I mean, here's we have a, I don't know where you want to put this, but we have a working thing. We have an in person presentation of my talk, 2 million sales reps. We sell 2 million or more a year. That translated into a sales team assessment. And I haven't personally proven this with this market, but Josh has in other markets. He thinks these are rock solid prospects. He was he's really, really impressed with the quality of prospect. He told me. He's told me multiple times. I don't know what you did in that room, okay, but it worked. And it's like, and he's like, 80% of these guys are gonna

Speaker 3  16:18
close. That's really amazing.

Matthias Miller  16:22
Okay? And so I we figured out a way to tee up these conversations so it's rinse and repeat. The only maddening thing is, these guys schedule expos on the wrong day, like the two biggest, best expos early next year are when my wife has gone out of town first, and then the other one starts on her birthday. It's like, can you guys not and Josh is like, Josh is so chill. He's like, ah, it'll work out. Just no pressure, man on the timing. I'm like, Yeah, but there is a so I'm unloading stuff. I don't know where to put this, but there is, there is a post frame Expo next June. And I also think we should consider extending the shed Expo, the travel for a week, my poor wife, so this might be the two trips of the year, I don't know, but Okay, okay. Highest priority, I think we should use shed Expo, and I think we should take a look at doing the there's a Lancaster, Pennsylvania, tool Expo, a white Expo. Now, a tool

Speaker 1  17:30
Expo, oh, a tool Expo. Is that in June? Is that what you talked about? Okay, sorry, no, it's fine.

Matthias Miller  17:35
The top two are shed Expo in Cassie, and then immediately after that, a tool Expo in Pennsylvania. Okay? So be like, one week, one week thing, I think it could make a lot of sense to dovetail those, okay? And then the good second option is, I think I don't know how good the expo is, but the post frame, it's a post frame, Expo

Unknown Speaker  18:04
post frame. Okay, I don't know what that is, but okay,

Matthias Miller  18:07
I don't know if you, if you've heard the term pull barns or whatever, but like, that's, oh,

Speaker 3  18:11
yeah. So it's just different, okay, I got you. That's what it

Matthias Miller  18:16
means. And it's, it's, it's lots of money, and it's a young market, and people are making money who don't know squad about anything. And I just It's B to C, and, yeah, I mean, I don't know it checks a lot of the boxes, I think, anyway, so strategic stability, I like that

Speaker 3  18:35
well. And here's directors or board.

Matthias Miller  18:39
I think it's just like I think it might be as simple as the only, I wish there were a guy in my ear. Maybe Josh is that guy. I always had a very interesting conversation with Robert machaon, who helps Josh run the highest level mastermind. He said he made a bunch of changes in roundtable when he was there to focus more on execution, and it stopped happening after he left. He's the guy who does the get shit then days. Okay, so I don't know it'd be interesting to hear from Josh how I could if Robert's a guy who could lean on in some capacity, there's probably money involved.

Unknown Speaker  19:33
But so anyway, I'm rambling.

Speaker 1  19:37
That's okay. I Well, I'm kind of jumping between refining the vision and closer and further, I think so. To recap on closer, evaluating the relationship with round table and focusing on execution, increasing your ability to deal with pain and discomfort and managing emotions, detoxing external voices. Josh Thomas, conversation with Perry about Perry

Unknown Speaker  19:58
Michelin. Conversation about experience with Perry,

Speaker 3  20:02
whose conversation? Robert, Michonne, oh, Robert, okay.

Matthias Miller  20:06
M ICA joint and actually, Josh long that happened yesterday. Those are all. It's very interesting that these three, three guys

Unknown Speaker  20:19
have experienced,

Matthias Miller  20:21
have experience in the feedback that they shared.

Unknown Speaker  20:25
Okay, great, so that's closer,

Speaker 1  20:28
yeah, those are anything specifically that's gotten us further away.

Matthias Miller  20:35
Cash you know, cash flow,

Unknown Speaker  20:38
yeah, that makes sense. Scramble, scramble, Yep, yeah,

Matthias Miller  20:45
slow implementation for PBS

Speaker 1  20:52
within our control at all, or that was just sort of an external

Matthias Miller  20:55
we could have, we could have, could have imposed the deadline on them.

Unknown Speaker  21:01
Okay, lesson learned, fair enough.

Unknown Speaker  21:11
What else got?

Matthias Miller  21:14
What, what, from your perspective, were the pejorative, and you know me and not intended to be an insult anyway, really, what were the dumb, stupid ideas they chased this past quarter? There's a question mark about the show up and close offer.

Speaker 1  21:34
Yeah, that's fair. Is, here's where, here's where. I almost put this in a third question mark category for myself, because when I think about these things, so on Wednesday, when we had that feedback, my initial thought when those guys were talking was, if I had my way, we would always be targeting decision makers to some level so that we could get those people on our list. I'd like to build an email list for you, so that theoretically, any offer we have might go to some people that might be able to to use it, and the show up and close. If we target sales people, those are not going to be the decision makers that are going to be able to buy anything else, right? They're not going to have the power to buy anything else for the company, but there, I don't disagree with their feedback that there could be a really good market for sales, people who are adrift in their companies, who still want to maximize the amount of money they can make, but we don't have a back end offer to capitalize on that. Do we?

Matthias Miller  22:36
No, we don't, right. So we're building building a bridge that goes like this.

Speaker 1  22:41
Well, we are and so this is where I have a kind of a question mark in my head. Is closer further is, do these like, sort of like idea exploration, not what I say, not tied into a, an executable offer. I don't know exactly how else to put that, other than if we don't have a back end offer that's going to make you money, why would we create something like show up and close at this point? Okay,

Matthias Miller  23:11
so I have, and by the way, we only sold one. I haven't heard anything back from a guy who bought it and who was a sales manager in a prior plan. So we had, okay, anyway, another interesting

Unknown Speaker  23:21
thing. But

Matthias Miller  23:24
okay, let's on the closer side. Hub in the desert has given me a relief valve for the for the I don't know, the humanitarian, spiritual, artistic, whatever you want to call it side of me. I don't know what you call it. And it's, it's contained, and it, I don't know how to describe it. Besides, it's,

Speaker 1  23:55
no, I like I do like that. I mean, as much as I said, I was jealous of Haley for having a stream like desert, I understand the separation there. I think it makes perfect sense. I know nothing about hub in the desert, other than I caught some of an episode. I haven't listened to too much of it, but it sounds really good, and I plan to, you know, but I like that, because it keeps all of that very separate, and it makes a lot of sense that it doesn't get mixed up

Speaker 3  24:18
in this. So let me go ahead and I was just saying. I agree

Speaker 1  24:21
that's probably that's probably a closer, a closer item. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:25
it's a, it's a, it's a pub with A, B, oh,

Unknown Speaker  24:29
I put hub, sorry, yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:33
and, and so then the other Okay, here's, here's, here's some other question marks, business engineering podcast, the business engineering concept has been hounding me, right? And I because I can't figure out how to get it to make money, and I can't, the only thing I know to do is like, go spend more money for like, in my mind, this is a classic go do so. Some levels of interviews, of some kind of recorded content, push it on LinkedIn, but, but again, it's a it's it is more like this thing that's demanding expression that I can't figure out how to fit it into my world. The other thing that's very interesting, Alice. I was talking with Ellis. He said the Excel series that I wrote for them just crushed it, okay, like, and he says he thinks that silver loom is beyond spreadsheets. Like, that's the that is, like their definition beyond spreadsheets, okay, um, and I think so. So there is an interesting world. So I was doing some deep research with Claude. Okay, these are just wild ideas. They just got to get out. But I think there's three sub points of that of opportunities. One is one is a book for code drafters, on on, on spreadsheets. One is a turn a simple spreadsheet into a into a web app.

Matthias Miller  26:13
And then I got, I got also got started thinking on what are other like? Or on my end, it's also go suck data out of is there a $5,000 offer that says where we can go suck data out of accounting or different systems, like, like an ETL plus, like, a business intelligence offer, I guess? Okay, I don't know how to explain that, but like that, to me, a business intelligence offer of, like, Let's go suck data from all these places. Give you put all this stuff together. And, by the way, do you want to start? That's a foot in the door to start saying, Hey, we could expand it here. We can expand it there. We could do whatever that. And I have a host of reasons why it's a terrible idea. CFOs are incredibly if it's related to CFOs in any way, they're incredibly hard to get a hold of. I don't think most people in the shed industry really, they're not that sophisticated. Let's just be completely honest.

Unknown Speaker  27:05
Think that's fair.

Matthias Miller  27:08
There's some another offer idea is a CRM audit.

Speaker 1  27:19
Yeah, well, maybe, maybe, does it worth defining at this point what we're trying to get closer to, and even more concrete terms we're trying to get closer to a repeatable, repeatable, sustainable income, specifically in the shed industry. Do we need to define it that that narrowly?

Matthias Miller  27:42
Yeah, the problem, okay, this is my resistance to being boxed in, rightly or wrongly, right, right? But I don't think there's enough demand within the shed, and I believe shed industry is a fantastic lane to run in, and we should run like, there's still this thing of like, I just don't think this is I don't remain convinced that this pool is exactly big enough. But maybe I'm just thinking about it wrong.

Unknown Speaker  28:10
Maybe I just don't know

Speaker 1  28:12
that is fair. I guess the value of the definition, in my mind is to answer that question, because I tend to agree with you. I don't know that the shed industry is going to sustain you personally or the business you kind of want to build from it. I think there's just, there's not enough people for the amount of things that you could do. But we're still sitting here focusing on it. So, so do we need to close that door? Do we need to answer a question? What needs to happen here?

Unknown Speaker  28:45
Well, okay, so

Matthias Miller  28:48
there's three problems we're trying to solve for repeatable, sustainable income,

Speaker 2  28:55
cash flow, yep, and personal fulfillment, yep. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  29:03
shed Titans fits perfectly under number one, okay, we don't know whether it fits number two, okay.

Unknown Speaker  29:11
And currently these, yep,

Matthias Miller  29:22
and then, and maybe, you know, and then personal fulfillment, the Yeah, and I think, and I think this is where, this is where the business engineering is just it's eating at me in the personal fulfillment side, but I can't see how it fits into repeatable, sustainable income,

Unknown Speaker  29:47
fair, I guess

Speaker 1  29:51
I know I've expressed this thought before, at least. I think I have the business engineering seems like a good umbrella topic to then trickle down in. To discoveries, right? And this type of thing you just mentioned in like a bi offer, which is very similar to a discovery, at least in my head initially, so you'd be looking at targeting just a business of a certain size, in any industry, of people that are listening to you talk about business engineering, and that would be your offer, your friend,

Matthias Miller  30:26
string and I would be pretty happy making manufacturing be the people I go after. Yeah, manufacturers are my happy place.

Speaker 1  30:35
Okay? And manufacturing is a much larger pool, right? Because we're not boxed into a particular type of manufacturing. Or are you trying to niche down? No.

Matthias Miller  30:46
I mean, I don't, well, I don't know what I know. It's way broader than what I'm thinking about. I mean, I'm again, it's narrow focus. Sheds, no pull burns. Isn't manufacturing. So it's a little leaning, a little closer to the to the design side. But then you also have palette, like wood product manufacturing pallets is very interesting, like these two tiny little niches that kind of fit together. You know, certain types of consumer products. I don't even know what some of this stuff might end up looking like, but I when I talk about, when I think about when I think about residents, business, engineering plus manufacturing, feels like a world that I get now, the hesitation is that what are most of these people really willing to spend and buy money? Well, manufacturing, ERPs, is another comfortable place for me. I feel like I feel kind of dumb, because I've never used NetSuite, I've never used sage, and yet I know so much about what ERPs can do, should do,

Unknown Speaker  31:47
just not the technical, you know, definition.

Matthias Miller  31:52
So the thing that has me a little beat is it

Matthias Miller  32:02
it's that still, sales is the topic, in my mind, that everybody shows up and is like, yeah, I want that makes sense. Like, that's the top of and what I'm pushing with business engineering is very much, is a very, still an extremely sophisticated

Unknown Speaker  32:24
that's very sophisticated business owner,

Matthias Miller  32:28
but those people deeply understand the value that I Bring,

Unknown Speaker  32:32
like MERV Myrt is a great example.

Unknown Speaker  32:39
Yeah, I

Speaker 1  32:42
yeah, I mean, you can't be other than what you are. I feel like, I mean, you're, I don't know that you're ever going to connect with for lack there's also a majority of term, but we're dumb people you're not ever going to connect with, dumb people. You know, doesn't really matter. It doesn't you talk to you for five minutes and you're, no they're not going to understand what you're saying. So I don't know. I think I would make the case for business engineering being potentially a repeatable, sustainable income maker by creating a through line for everything else. You know, it's easy for you to talk about, it's fun for you to talk about, you're passionate about these high level topics, and then creating a frontline or a couple of frontline offers, you know for you that are just standard, because I think business engineering topics are, this is standard. We always talk about it. It always comes back. Sales always comes back. Is there value in creating that, at least that level of stability, no matter what else we're doing, when it comes right down to it, it's still some form of business engineering.

Matthias Miller  33:50
Well, yeah, potentially, like,

Speaker 1  33:56
so you could literally talk to anybody in an elevator, and when they say, What do you do for a living? You're like, I work in business engineering. You interested in making more sales? Like, it's literally just that, and from there you can go everywhere, sure.

Matthias Miller  34:09
Or I engineer, I engineer profitability and growth. You exactly, more sales? Yeah, exactly. Okay, well, let's, let's do an MRI on your sales team. Oh, yeah, interesting. Sure, yeah,

Speaker 1  34:19
yeah. Exactly. I feel like, I feel like it's a really easy jumping off point, and it gives us that elevator pitch that's pretty much missing just by trying to put all the disparate pieces together. The elevator pitch is, yeah, engineer, profit and growth. Is that what you said?

Unknown Speaker  34:36
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  34:42
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  34:44
So then, but, and here's the, here's the freaky thing, like, literally, I could give Haley my business engineering, like, I could probably, in an hour, walk her through all my business engineering stuff and say, Now I don't know who does the. Interviews. We need an interviewer, right? But, or we start doing webinars or something. So that's the unknown piece. But literally, I can say, Haley, go build a business engineering explosion. She's got

Speaker 1  35:18
it. I think that, yeah, that's incredibly valuable. And, and if you could take one step further and point everybody towards a very simple funnel page of some kind, where they where you get them on an email list, and maybe you just have a conversation with them, is the first thing, then what she's doing can become something that can actually create opportunity for you

Unknown Speaker  35:44
visibility? Yeah,

Speaker 1  35:50
no, that's really fair. I've been sold that way before. I mean, he basically goes to a booking funnel, and then you talk to someone's booking. You're talking to someone's assistant. And then if, in my case, you know, I asked complex questions, so the person themselves gave me a call back, but that was a good funnel, like I wound up spending $5,000 with this lady, because, and that worked for me, you know, but she did take the 10 or 15 minutes to call me back and answer my questions personally. And I could see that working for you.

Unknown Speaker  36:19
Yeah. I could really see that, yeah, so

Unknown Speaker  36:28
have her,

Speaker 3  36:29
let's see. Point to booking with Devin.

Unknown Speaker  36:36
Can't type today

Speaker 3  36:39
is the last conversation to sale.

Speaker 1  36:44
This is discovery or any other BI offer that makes sense. And if you're putting a lot of content out there, then you might have a lot of calls to action that really we don't have to manage. Haley Could, could do whatever she's going to do. And then on the booking page, it's like, I want to talk to Matthias about x they just put in what caught their interest,

Unknown Speaker  37:11
and we don't have to worry about it. Yep,

Speaker 1  37:21
I like it. I mean, I can see that being a thing that creates a sustainable income. I don't know where it comes from exactly, but I think it makes like sense to me that this is what you do.

Matthias Miller  37:36
Yes. I mean, what is this book about, if not that, like,

Speaker 1  37:42
yeah, what is everything you do when it comes right down to it, what is everything you do, if not this?

Matthias Miller  37:47
Yeah, I had this thought this week, again, not pejorative. I actually kind of kind of found it funny. I spent most of the last five years thinking of how much I like people, probably most of my life. And I go, look at Devin, and I'm like, I think I kind of hate people.

Speaker 1  38:07
Oh yes, welcome to the dark side. I hate people too. They're horrible.

Matthias Miller  38:14
I haven't gone so close as getting my snack mug yet, but you

Speaker 1  38:17
know that's fair. Well, I mean, that's that it is simplified. I love, I love individual people, for sure, and I like having individual conversations with interesting people and just about any person, one on one, at least I can tolerate. But when you start talking about marketing and like people in mass, people in groups, I hate people. It's, it's, it's beyond me.

Matthias Miller  38:42
Oh, give me a stage. That's great. Yeah, I love stages.

Unknown Speaker  38:46
Yeah, there you go, yeah.

Matthias Miller  38:49
But, but beyond that. Anyway, that's just, you know, welcome to the life of, well, I mean, this, this ties into closer, again, it's, it's breaking down the illusions of whatever Devin, I should almost send you my reply. Devin sent me a question, a few questions. He's like, am I? He asked me three questions. This is I'm so sorry. This is what you blocked out this much time. I'm so add this money. Am I making your life simpler? Am I making a good difference? Are you comfortable with what you see so far? And I said number one, no, I didn't hire you to make my life simpler. Two good difference, yes, am I comfortable? No, and I didn't hire you to make me comfortable. And then I went in to explain my answers. And I'm like, I hired you to push and drive and connect. And like, you don't have to apologize for that. You have to apologize when you when you stop doing that. And he's like, best si ever read. I was like,

Unknown Speaker  39:45
hilarious. I love it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  39:49
yeah, I love it. Now we got to figure out how my Skunk Works team members. I mean, he's on a four week trial, and how my scope Devin and Haley team members fit. In this old picture.

Speaker 1  40:01
But I was just, I was just jotting it. I mean, so your marketing is Haley, your sales is Devin. You are the speaker. You create. You're creating, you're writing, you're talking, you're doing podcasts, whatever you're giving Haley. All of this information to feed into this. And then when you come to selling something like delivering it, that's also on you, but maybe that's where I can start helping. I'm not sure, right, but maybe that's it.

Matthias Miller  40:30
You know, I think, I think your zone of genius is in like, like, it's, there have been times when I question a little bit like, are you okay?

Unknown Speaker  40:44
Like, am I more hurtful than helpful? No.

Matthias Miller  40:48
I mean, it's like, like I am. So I'm so frighteningly add, I do need somebody who's system oriented, but I'm also so systems and process oriented that I could almost bend myself over in your direction and do what you do, except it would be a total nightmare. So like, your zone of genius is not marketing, it's not sales, it's not outreach, it's not that because you, you and I are too similar that way. So let's go Haley, I just feels like she's a marketer, like she's okay, yeah, it's my feeling. And Devin, he's the closest thing I got to a sales guy, and he's, he's a, he's a loose cannon, and it's awesome. Yeah, me, I'm the genius where it's like, I work, I have a certain special way they need to work. So your role, I think, needs to, needs to narrow down a little bit to, like, Process Management, systems, email, project management, like orchestrating and orchestrating, planning meetings like

Speaker 1  41:44
I think that probably makes sense. And I think that if we create, and this is where I, you know, as I've been reflecting on this a little bit for this meeting, I have not been as successful as I hoped or thought I could be in systematizing or standardizing things. I think for a few reasons, we don't have much to standardize still, which is fair. But also I, my, I was thinking about your systems oriented mind and you, I think we, we struggle a little bit there. Sometimes I was thinking about, you know, your the book cover comment you made about how you think that this last book cover went really well, because you were able to give me a an example, and we should do that all the time, and that's how I work with everybody. But you, in fact, I think I've asked for examples on a lot of things, and you just don't know. And so I give it a stab, and it doesn't work. And so you said that, and I was like, Well, this is my process. This is the process I use with everybody, except for you. And so I think you to clarifying some of those things. Of you like to come in with your own processes. You naturally want to do

Unknown Speaker  42:51
what I do.

Speaker 1  42:54
And so then I'm trying to figure out what processes I what I'm trying to use your processes. And then we have, kind of have some conflict. I don't know how to describe that, I guess, other than I think there's some ownership issues, right? Is what I kind of came to it's like, well, you still fundamentally want to own all of this, and you want to own all the processes, and you want to do all the things. And so all I can really do right now, from my perspective, is to help you and support that. And so I have to, I have to adopt what you're doing, versus letting go of some level of ownership and letting me have my process and say, you know, well, no, I won't design a book cover unless you can give me an example, you know, because that's how I work best. Could be something we we focus on at that level,

Unknown Speaker  43:42
this is good.

Matthias Miller  43:49
So I think part of it too is also a I didn't know what I liked. I don't think until you started showing me some covers that I could choose from. I think that's,

Speaker 1  44:03
that's fair too, and that's, that's part of the reason why I have, I've adapted a lot, and I adapt a lot. So there's, there's this, there's that edge of you probably understand that right, like I can adapt to pretty much anything, even though it's probably not my zone of genius, but I can adapt to it, or I can try to hold really firm and say, Well, I'm not going to do this because it's not going to work. But I don't feel like that's my that's my role here, and I tend not to do that unless I'm in charge of a project. So I adapt a lot to you, and I do think it makes sense that, but maybe, you know, and I can just get better at I could probably just screenshot you the first 20 best selling books on Amazon in any given category, and have you circle book covers that you like? I think we tried something like that for frictionless teams. So I agree some of those things may not be fixable exactly, but also I don't have ownership over them. I can't make the executive decision, and I'm. Not sure if I if we should give like, I'm not sure if I want to have that or not, and I'm not sure if it's possible, because I don't know that you would be comfortable with it anyway. So we just kind of are where we are on some

Matthias Miller  45:13
of it. Okay, well, it's, this is a really good conversation,

Speaker 1  45:17
fair enough. Well, we're devolving a little bit, I guess. But I just, I do think that it makes sense the marketing for Haley, the sales for Devin, the speaking for you, and then managing Haley and Devin makes sense, giving them feedback, and then, yeah, probably we can figure out on the back end how I can provide some better support here to try to take some of the things off your plate, getting to my ownership issue at some point, some of these things are going to be pretty repeatable for you. They're going to be repetitive. You're not going to need to do them yourself anymore, and maybe you can hand them off.

Matthias Miller  45:50
What would it look like if if you took a posture of how if you take a posture of, I'm going to stop adapting, and I'm going to stay in my line of genius. And if, and and either, I will learn to adapt, or, you know, I'll go find something else to do. I'm not suggesting that that's what it's going to come to. But if you took that staunch of a view, like, this is my zone of genius, I am sticking to it. I will not contribute anything except my highest contribution to the team. How would you describe what the highest contribution is?

Speaker 1  46:35
Man, that's really good point. I think similarly, I've been learning a lot about myself this quarter too. So I, you know, there's some interesting things that I've been thinking about in terms of how I work that have really made me that have given me some aha moments over the past 25 years of my life. I think maybe the biggest one is, I do. I think I don't necessarily have a zone of genius, exactly, per se. I think my highest level work in anything I do is when it is contained to a very clear objective, if it is vertically integrated, if I know what the objective is, and I can just go solve for the objective. That is my highest level, I think what gets in the way is when I'm lacking context. Therefore I have to seek context to make my own definition of what is happening. So, you know, give me a marketing goal. No, marketing is not my zone of genius, per se. But if, if if you can tell me exactly what we're marketing and who we're marketing to and what you want the outcome to be, and Turn Me Loose, that I can do pretty easily, because I can iterate and I can problem solve, and I can look at a goal, and I can look at what needs to happen to achieve it. I can identify obstacles, you know, like that puts my systems thinking into into a clear pathway. And if we say something more along the lines of a lot of how we talk in terms of why I want to build a business with this level of income, but I don't know how to do it, then my mind literally diffuses across all possibilities, and my my focus gets scattered. And so then I become a thinker, which I think I've been talking to chat GPT about this, and one of the suggestions it spit back to me is to recognize thought as a deliverable. And I think that's fair. I think I recognize it for myself as a deliverable. You probably recognize it, but I hadn't thought too much about it in concrete terms, which is, you know, because this isn't my business. I do this for myself in my business all the time, it's a deliverable for me, that when I diffuse my mind and I think across all of these domains, and I come up with solutions, that's a deliverable for me, but I don't think it is for you, because it doesn't provide a lot of value to you. And I don't want to devalue my role. But just an observation. If I give you my thoughts, you think about them. I think you get value from them, but when it comes from your decision making, you are going to listen to someone like Josh, you know, Josh long or Josh Thomas, or some of these other people that in your life are your more legitimate markers for success. And I think that makes perfect sense. So the strategic input that you need needs to come from other people. And the thought work I do more at the bottom level winds up being kind of useless when it comes down to it. And so I'm trying to figure out ways to avoid doing that a little bit more and staying in my vertical lane. And I guess that's a long winded answer to what would it be, but I think what it would be then boots on the ground is, I don't want to work on things by myself that lack clarity, perhaps. And so I, you know, one of the reasons I suggested a working session for some of the design work is, I think that's how we work best together right now anyway, is sort of on Zoom, me helping you, giving feedback. And when you see something you like, then I can take it and run with it. So maybe it's just a matter of creating more working sessions. I had a vague thought too, to essentially talk about, I don't know what the value of our daily stand up meeting is right at the moment, from your perspective, maybe we need more working sessions and less daily stand up or something along those lines. I don't know it's open ended, but I think those are my thoughts, and some of that is mine to manage. I think is learning better when I flip into those modes and recognizing, you know, recognizing how to keep myself out of that when it isn't appropriate for me to be doing it. And that's just a growth process on my part, is learning how my brain works and learning how not to get myself frustrated based on that. And then some of it is, I think, structural and how we communicate could probably

Unknown Speaker  51:02
be helpful to solve some problems.

Speaker 2  51:06
I'm not sure if that helps. There's a lot to unpack in that. I

Speaker 1  51:11
know. I know. I just realized I just kind of spit all that out.

Matthias Miller  51:14
I don't, yeah, bothered by it. I'm just observing.

Speaker 1  51:18
No, that's fair. There is a lot in there. And like I said, a lot of it is mine. I think, legitimately, you know, I'm sharing my thoughts with you, but a lot of it is mine. And figuring out a better way to work in general, which I'm looking forward to as a challenge, I think, I think can be really helpful. So I don't know what to do with us right now.

Speaker 2  51:38
Well, I think, uh,

Speaker 2  51:55
I'm not quite sure where to sorry. No, it's fine. The saying the

Matthias Miller  52:07
base, okay, if I had to take all of that and condense it down, it's like, basically what you're saying. If I'm gonna, you're not casting all the blame on me.

Unknown Speaker  52:16
So sorry. I didn't intend to at all.

Matthias Miller  52:20
So No, you're not. I'm not saying you are, but here's my part of the problem. Yeah, you're basically saying, look where you work best you speaking about you in the second version. Weird. Okay, stop hyperanalyzing me. I get the conversation. Hilarious. No, okay, if you like where you focus best is when you have clear boundaries. Like, here's the boundaries, here's the clear resources, here's the clear objectives, right? And and so what happens if we so to me, it feels like I have this crazy idea of how it feels like there is misalignment on the social media side in some capacity, between what I was looking for which you you thought could work.

Speaker 1  53:07
Probably, so yes, I think that's a fair, a fair statement. So continue, yeah, because I'm interested in what your thoughts are,

Matthias Miller  53:17
I don't know how to exactly nail that down.

Speaker 3  53:20
I've fair, yeah,

Matthias Miller  53:25
watching Haley, I'm like, There's a sixth sense here that makes me feel like maybe part of our problem, genuinely, is that maybe you and I are both

Unknown Speaker  53:41
past the

Speaker 1  53:46
Well, I think, I think there's a factor there. I guess I'm sure there's a factor there. Also my I went through a social media marketing stage like 10 years ago, and I'm kind of beyond it now. And so going back to it now means I have to relearn some stuff, and I'm also my level of interest is not super high, but it's not like, to me, those aren't the main barriers. To me, the main barrier is on the social media side. It's like, I still don't know what I'm doing. I guess I say I envied Haley, because the pub in the desert has has content, right? And so she can create content from your actual voice, from your actual conversations, and then go out and create that in interesting ways and put it out there. And that sounds fun. You know, where I struggle with like DIY, shed rescue and the Facebook stuff is there is not very much actual content, similar with, like, the design for the shed Expo, stuff I didn't have very much to draw on. We have a couple conversations about, we think we're targeting these people. This is probably what the offer is going to be, and then this person is going to deliver it. And in my mind, what do I do with that? You know, like, how do I create take this little information and then turn it into something that attracts. X who even and so I guess those are the problems that I then sort of try to solve with, Okay, well, let me put this out and see what you think. And if you don't like that, then let's get some feedback and social media similarly, like, I've given you a lot of stuff to review, and we've talked a lot of times, and you review it, and you're like, Well, this is this is this is fine. Let's try it. And I can tell you're not thrilled with it, but there's no like. The feedback I would love to have is, this is not going to resonate with this audience, and this is what we want, like, this is the pain point that this audience has, and this is what we need to tackle, and this is what they like. We don't have that level of information, and then we also just don't have a lot of, like, podcasts or books or, I mean, we've got the shed book now, I guess. And I think maybe that's a place that I could take a lot of information from and just run with.

Unknown Speaker  55:51
And maybe you should, you know, okay, so, so

Matthias Miller  55:59
I think I have, I have unintentionally interpreted your flexibility and your adaptability and your willingness to try things as like, almost throwing you in with the expectation of like, okay, like, let's be entrepreneurial and let's just like, and then Like, even, even with a social media post, obviously, I haven't been completely honest, maybe not even with myself. I don't know

Unknown Speaker  56:28
that you like this, yeah, no, and that that's

Speaker 3  56:30
but I don't know what to tell you to like like, but you don't know what to tell me what to do like.

Unknown Speaker  56:36
You don't know what the feedback, yeah,

Matthias Miller  56:41
if we could. I mean, pub in the desert is clearly a content model that works.

Speaker 1  56:46
It is, well, okay, well, and here's my thing, here's my ownership question piece, because if I had my, if I had my druthers, and the objective was, what we want to do is get a whole bunch of people to sign up to download the DIY shed rescue. We want to build our email list with DIY shed rescue. And this is the thing, which is what I think we're trying to accomplish. Sure, then I could take the rock solid shed business book, and I could start being really creative with content to see, to see what happens with that. And there's probably going to be some things in there that you like and some things that you don't like. Now, if Haley hits everything out of the park, maybe of the park, maybe I should look and see what

Unknown Speaker  57:25
Haley's doing. Of what you like, Huh?

Matthias Miller  57:29
It's, it's, it's just, it's a softball. She gets a soft pitch because Right, right, we're not driving like if we had didn't hit this many new subscribers every week, this many views every week, this new thing, like, everything's stacked in her favor. We're giving her tons of raw content, more than she could ever use. She gets the transcribe it and use AI on it, right? She has tools to turn it into a million different things, right? And we're not tracking performance more than Are you taking what we're saying and putting it out there. Like, right? So, so, so, yes, it is an envious position, because in a lot of ways it's a charitable venture. Like, yeah,

Speaker 1  58:11
absolutely, if I had, and I think that's kind of where I'm looking and where I think I've, I've tried before, and when I say I would love, you know, it's like, let's put together all the stuff that you've done. And how do we do we do this? I think I've been trying to kind of solve for x in that way. It's like, well, how do I get myself a repository of things I can draw from to then do some effective marketing? And I still don't quite think it again, like, you're right. That's a softball for Haley. And part of it is just the fact that, at least, I think, I mean, part of it is just the fact that, again, what's, what's the offer, exactly, you know, in some of these things.

Matthias Miller  58:51
So, I mean, that's fair so, and I think that's maybe where part of the disconnect has been. It's like I feel like I have emotion, I get tired. This is, again, probably it's partially my own doing. It's whatever. I get tired of sitting you on a path and then constantly changing it.

Speaker 1  59:08
I get tired of doing that as well. So I get that, yeah,

Matthias Miller  59:13
so sometimes I'm too hyper aware of that, yeah, right. Now what the thing that's emerging is we're helping shed manufacturers move to the corporate model with people in systems like, that's language that's emerging right now. Yeah, so it is also really hard to say, because, I mean, how do you okay, this takes me back early on. When I first started, I was like, I need help with my email. And then then you're like, No, you don't need help with your email. You don't need help with your email. You need help with project management. Well, what's the layer deeper than that? You don't need help with project management. You need help with a repeatable business model, which is still like, how do you repeatedly? So what if we what if we said, for the sake of discussion, we 8020, the. Problem, the 8020 problem is that we do not have a we have, we have not had a proven model to generate leads, convert the leads and deliver right? Yeah. So now we have a proven model. Get me on stage with my presentation. Offers a sales team, assessment and and as much as possible, turn people, turn Devon loose with these people, and get them on the calendar right. I don't know how much time.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:40
Well, realistic. Oh, go ahead or continue that. Sorry.

Matthias Miller  1:00:43
Well, I don't know how much time you need to I think we could potentially spend a lot of time trying to figure out our working dynamics, but I think 80 so I am convinced, you know, Shadow the doubt that there's that. Yeah. I mean, it's problems on both ends, and not the least of which it can be poor leadership on my part. Like, that's not beyond the scope of reason, like, but I also think that that maybe the biggest issue is just we haven't had that.

Speaker 1  1:01:16
I actually wholeheartedly agree with you. I i know you get tired of sending me down a path and changing? And I said, I get tired of that, too. And so there, I know, there's some problems on my part that I've been trying to deal with too, in terms of resistance, like, I start to sort of resist wanting to do things because I don't think they're going to pan out. And that's not really fair. And so I've been trying to work on, you know, just, just letting go and being like, you know, eventually the outcome of this is going to be good. So we just do it and we see what happens. So I know there are problems on my part too. That being said, I do think this the biggest working problem, is this lead generation. And I also think that I don't want to lose sight, at least personally, to the path that even though you don't seem like you iterate very much. I do think a lot of this stuff is iterative. The social media, the Facebook to the DIY, shed rescue didn't produce the result you wanted. And so we move on, and now we have this. And so realistically, this is where we should probably focus now. And probably the Facebook stuff at this point is a little moot anyway, like we decided the other day maybe we pause that I

Unknown Speaker  1:02:24
don't know what you think. So

Unknown Speaker  1:02:33
if we said,

Matthias Miller  1:02:37
this is the only thing, we don't know yet how to replicate it. We don't know yet how to scale it. We don't know yet how to build the systems. We don't all this stuff or whatever like, but we have a, we seem to have a zero to one. Now, do we need more? Yes, we need something like a CRM on it. Or we need a we need a free week three or $50 deliverable. It gives, gives them an outcome. We need a two to 5k thing that's like a 30 day something or other, like you do the CRM audit, and you fix the top two over 30 days, and then you get those, get some of the systems. And where do you want to go from there? We need that.

Speaker 1  1:03:23
But right now we just, I agree with you, but right now we just need to make about five sales with this process. I think,

Matthias Miller  1:03:35
yeah, and I think, I mean, I think it'll happen. Some of it is just timeframe, timing and timeframe. And, I mean,

Speaker 1  1:03:46
well, yeah, it is timing and time frame. Well, I guess,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:52
where are we at? So we've got,

Speaker 1  1:03:57
you could potentially turn Haley loose on marketing if we want to create a little bit of a business engineering umbrella and put, put the shed Titan stuff under that, potentially, or what you're doing right now is the you've got to talk about, and then you've got the sales assessment right start creating some visibility on that through marketing with stuff that you already have you get people on the line with sales, Devin to close some sales, which he might close some sales for you anyway, before you can get started. And also Josh, right, might close sales for you anyway. Then we still have the idea of, Okay, what did we sell them? Because that's a question mark in my mind. Regardless of what Devin and Josh are doing, we don't know what people are going to bite on yet. Is that right? Right? Okay, so I'm going to say this is pending. What are

Unknown Speaker  1:04:48
people buying.

Speaker 1  1:04:51
So if we get the next five sales, and we get a sense of what people are buying, and then how much they're spending, and. How much it takes for you to deliver, because you're still on the hook to deliver whatever people are going to buy, right, right? And so if we close five sales just with this process, that gives us a baseline data. It's not a lot, but it gives us a baseline data of what people are interested in when they're talking to Josh and Devin fair, that would be my trigger. My marketing brain, at least, is like, Okay, give me five people. Give me five sales. Now, tell me what you did for the last five people. Tell me what their pain points were. Tell me how you solve the problems. Give me some results, and then you just create a funnel based on that, probably an ad, right? That's just basically like, you know, this is ruining your sales. Let me explain it to you, and you just funnel people through to the same thing, right? I don't know how to do that in absence of information.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:59
Oh, go ahead. I was gonna say

Speaker 1  1:06:02
when it comes to the marketing side, the general awareness level marketing is, is one thing, it builds awareness. It builds visibility. It maybe builds some, know, like trust, because people see your face and hear your voice. But when it comes to selling an offer, I don't know how to sell an offer without, without a clear offer and without understanding why people are going to buy that offer.

Matthias Miller  1:06:28
But I know this introduces a delay, but i

Speaker 2  1:06:43
i Okay, honest, admission, business engineering, yes, love to do it. Great.

Matthias Miller  1:06:50
Umbrella, I don't know how it ties into what we're like, like, Okay, here's again. We're bridge building. So it feels like we have the talk. It converts into sales team assessments. We have no reason to doubt it's not going to turn into some sales team recruiting and some systems work on the back end. So we have that all the way in the depths of this is a deep level, fully integrated fix everything. Systems, deep dive, fix silver limb. Systems, I don't know what it is

Unknown Speaker  1:07:23
that's, that's, those are the one percenters.

Matthias Miller  1:07:27
So that's the logical the logical path is, amplify that. Okay, so how do we amplify that? Like, I think that is the context and information that we should spend key for on amplifying, because it works. So how do we amplify? It means go find software vendors, go find marketing companies. Go find anybody. Marketing Companies are great partners because, because we're not competing with them. I mean, we might shed a bad light on them if they're not doing their job, we're not competing with them. We don't want to be them. We specifically don't want to be them. And so, so how do you So build partnerships? It might mean an honest conversation of, I really don't feel like spending the money, but should we spend for spend money for rights to my shit Expo talk, because obviously it worked.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:26
And

Matthias Miller  1:08:32
I don't think we want the leads. I think we got the best leads. I mean, I don't know. It's not like it worked well enough. I don't think there's a ton of people hiding in the bushes that we could nurture, but kind of got the cream off of that. But could we then, okay, once we do that, you have the content of the top, okay, like, then, then everything like you have, everything you need, like, go get let's go, go do more webinars. Let's go figure out, let's do, let's figure out a way to target and retarget these people. Like, let's do, let's do mini YouTube ads for this. And let's target the shed geek channel. Let's target like, let's, let's get people to follow our page so that we can advertise to them. Like, let's, let's have a process for adding friends on Facebook so that we can and then ask them to follow our page. So now we can run ads to them. Let's drive them to the website. Let's do it 4048 hour weekend sit Richard sales training is free, even just to get them to click on the landing page so that we can retarget them, even if it's not the right person, like it's we're getting closer, like we're building some kind of a list. Let's, let's Google Display, network retargeting, and have little like red, you know, sales reps, you sell 2 million or more a year, things where people can opt in to watch it, like you. Yep, I think that's where I mean, that is a thing where I could turn you loose. And we have so much of the branding down. We've got so much of the I think you have, there's a lot of messaging that you run with it,

Speaker 1  1:10:13
so I need to listen to your talk. I put on my checklist because I think I agree. I think if we took that and that is the basis, then there's just some small, relatively small decisions, is it a webinar funnel? Because that makes a lot of sense. I can set up a webinar funnel based on probably everything we already have, which gets people on your email list, which gets people to watch a webinar, which gets people to book with Devin

Matthias Miller  1:10:40
and get we get, we require their phone number for them to opt in. We require their role, right?

Speaker 1  1:10:46
And Devin can make sales follow ups based on that,

Matthias Miller  1:10:50
yeah. And is it postcards? Is it?

Speaker 1  1:10:56
That's the marketing stuff. So, I mean, I think there's the marketing, the marketing piece of maybe we do postcards, but the most, the most effective and the cost effective is still email, email sequences. So I say we get down our email sequences at least first, based on their signup. We do some sort of nurture sequence, and then we have some sort of criteria for Devin to reach out and do sales based on this list, that also makes sense. And then you can continue to do speaking related stuff. We can do a recorded webinar, of course, if you want to do a webinar, funnel, but you can continue to do speaking related stuff and funnel it back into the marketing. Then we can put out more content. We can create new things of that nature. And then, yeah, this is where we where we can retarget, where we can run ads, where we can get audiences, where we can retarget those audiences, is the marketing funnel in here, in this level. And then we just use Devin to make as many sales off of that as possible. And in the meantime, we're building a strong list of people, right, right? Okay, so then the audience for this, if we're doing this, is it specifically shed industry sales reps?

Matthias Miller  1:12:15
Well, we're, I mean, not reps, managers, managers probably own sales, either sales managers of big companies or owners,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:25
shared companies. Shared companies, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:12:28
owners is the thing. Like, we're having trouble with unless it's a really big company, yeah, or, like, unless it's company over 10 million, like the sales manager just, I mean, we had a guy show up this past week. He hemmed and hawed, and, oh, my boss told me I should be on here, and he, you know, everything's gonna move slowly because of it. He can't make anything. I mean, the guy doesn't have an ounce of drive in him, or he's out of his element, or something. I don't know what it is, right? So getting, getting owners under 10 million, over 10 million, you know, sales managers makes more sense. They probably have a budget they can actually work with.

Speaker 1  1:13:07
Okay, so are we still working with this capitalist? I mean, it's still looking at like 5000 ish people in this niche.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:17
Well, in this niche, we are right.

Speaker 1  1:13:19
So I'm just looking at your your rate for your live in person talk you got how many people to sign up? About

Matthias Miller  1:13:26
10 out of about about 130 people. I mean, it might be a little bit more than

Unknown Speaker  1:13:30
that, but Okay,

Speaker 3  1:13:31
so let's call it like 10% How about maybe it's ish, yeah, ish.

Speaker 1  1:13:38
Okay, so 10% if we just look at like raw numbers, which is just slightly contextualized, 5,010% of 5000 is 500 people who might be interested in talking to you and your close rate on that being incredibly optimistic or midline would be. What do you think?

Matthias Miller  1:13:56
Well, I mean, if, if, if you know, let's say 60, if Josh thinks it's 80% of that, and if it truly scales this far, which I don't know if it does, because there was a funnel down from right. I mean, it's booked out. But obviously there were two other workshops. So you can realistically say that only a third of the people, at a minimum, because there were two others happening at the same time, were there for me. So 5000 divided by three, it gets us down to what,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:28
to 1667,

Matthias Miller  1:14:31
10% of that is 167, and if we take Josh's 80% and take it down to what, take it down just a little bit further, two times. Point eight, it gets us

Unknown Speaker  1:14:45
to 133, no, let's do point six. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:49
Point six probably makes a bit more

Matthias Miller  1:14:51
sense to 100 so there's 100 you know, we have 100 ideal clients in this, in this market. Yeah, now what's the average ticket price? I mean, a lot of these guys could end up spending anywhere from, you know, what is it? I mean, maybe it's 1010, to on the high end, maybe it's 10 to 50 or 100 grand. I don't know what the average price is.

Speaker 1  1:15:16
Yeah, we're not going to have the data for like, customer lifetime value until we have a lot more data. But I mean, if we and we say they're on the low end, we say that each one of those people we could rely on for 10k right, yeah, and we say there's roughly 100 of them, so we're looking at a million dollar potential. There which I mean just in the end. So I want to, like, sketch this out, because I want to say, Okay, if we, if we really cap our listed, if we know that only about 5000 people exist that are going to going to do this Facebook ads probably make no sense.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:02
Huh?

Matthias Miller  1:16:03
Unless it's, it's clear, retard,

Speaker 1  1:16:05
we could, we could target, yeah, we could do a retargeting. You're correct, but not standard ads. And so what we want to do is we want to leverage other audiences that already exist. We want to capture their email. We want to use that to retarget and potentially other platforms, etc. So they see you. They start seeing you once they get on your list. And then we want, and that's probably also the cheapest way to get that done. And so we look for partnerships like you're doing with like the tech journalism makes sense as a partnership, you'll have some call to actions under there, even though you can't advertise. But other podcasts, so we start looking at putting you out doing that, and so then maybe from that, we funnel them to a webinar, or if they've already gotten you through that means, do we just funnel them to to a booking, you know? I mean, I think those are the smaller options to make to work out here. And there's probably some AB testing that has to happen. There's got to be some sort of landing page regardless, that gets them to do something. And then, and then we are good. Then we have Devin, who can start working on the closing, and then we can start selling, and then we can figure out what's actually going to

Speaker 2  1:17:28
sell well. So the one piece we're missing here is that it's not clear yet whether these people will buy digitally or not.

Speaker 1  1:17:38
It is not absolutely, absolutely, and so maybe so retargeting Facebook ads is an option. But, I mean, the other options are, this is literally, like, this is like, personal outreach, realistically, potentially,

Matthias Miller  1:17:55
well, I mean, maybe, okay, there's another option, which is, maybe we put this on the shelf. We milk this list as much as we can, whatever we got. And I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:12
sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:18:16
the Dustin basically said, as much as, like, year one was not good. Year Two is better. Year three, they're actually like, like, they're running with, you know, it's, it's gangbusters, and so is, is the shed industry. This is where part probably, Harry would, I don't know if you do disagree. I don't know what you would say, but like, yeah. Like, we know the expo works. Yeah, we don't know yet if, if they will buy from me in any other capacity, outside of in person, even just even, even, okay, the only shed company where I have not assist is the only,

Speaker 2  1:18:59
I guess rich started working with me, but Well, Heather, so there are, there are pockets for sure. Who do?

Matthias Miller  1:19:07
So we do have evidence that they do in some capacity.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:15
Well,

Speaker 1  1:19:18
I don't understand, I don't understand the numbers, if Perry told you to stick with this list, what numbers make sense to know that you only realistically have 5000 people in this entire sphere, and probably maybe 100 of those are your ideal clients, and maybe the most they're going to spend with you as 100k what numbers is he running? Especially when he starts talking about his like, what is it? The it's not the diamonds, the star business. There we go. Star business stuff. This is not a star business principle, Alliance, adventure,

Matthias Miller  1:19:56
Max cash. I mean, it's, it's like a cash cow. Play, which? Is like, right? I mean, we'll have, what we have, a few years of rapid growth, and then, and then what we think

Speaker 1  1:20:08
you absolutely could so, I mean, if you were going to invest and, I mean, I don't know what Perry said on this, but man, I think if you were going to invest in this, if you were going to go whole hog, I start, I do see a little bit more where he's going in terms of this, this doubling, tripling down, you have to rapidly polarize this audience. To find those 100 people. The faster you find them, the better off you are. So you have to be controversial. I get that you find the 100 people who resonate with you, and then you close them as fast as possible. And you, if you did all of that, you probably could make this a kind of a cash cow venture that maybe makes sense is it was that the whole idea?

Unknown Speaker  1:20:49
I mean, I don't, I don't know the answer to that.

Speaker 1  1:20:53
No, that's fair. I mean, I'm just looking at diving all because our, I think as I would pull it out based on everything we just said. Our next main objective is to find the 100 ideal clients, and to do that as quickly as possible. And one good way to do that is to be controversial, potentially, you know,

Matthias Miller  1:21:18
okay, in the best possible scenario, that number could be as high. This is, I'm talking best possible scenario. That number could be as high. Nobody showed up because they didn't want to, just they didn't know about me. But that number could be as high as 400 okay, if it's truly 10% if the 5000 is actually a true number, if it's truly 10% we could truly close the 80% I mean, but again, that's still just unless you can get them to unless lifetime values, you know, if you can get all of them to spend, if you get all the 100 to spend, 10,000 a year, well then that looks a little different.

Speaker 1  1:22:02
It absolutely, it absolutely does. But we're in the research. We don't know. We're in the research stage right. So we we know that there's X amount of people who could potentially buy and who have these needs. We don't know how, what they're going to buy, how much it's going to how much they're going to buy in terms of value, and what kind of value we can translate that into the long run. Those are the things. Those are the big unknowns. And so we dive into the pool, looking for people who will buy from us, and gathering that data. And you will make money doing that, I think if it's if it's a commitment, you're going to make money somewhere between 104 100 people are going to buy somewhere between 10 to 100k from you. You're going to make money from that. How much money you have to spend, and then how much time you have to spend to get that done. I don't again, I don't know

Speaker 2  1:22:51
that's we can't exert. Let's just say that the bad the back end whiplash of the expo is also somewhat painful, but we can't exert the same level of effort,

Matthias Miller  1:23:10
right, on an ongoing basis for this level of out, I mean, for, I mean maybe, maybe for this level of output, but It's not.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:19
We need to catch a breath, right?

Speaker 3  1:23:22
So, sustainability, sustainability,

Speaker 1  1:23:27
so I would be great. Am I wrong in thinking that sustainability for you? I mean, we're looking for an offer and basically repeatable sustainable income offer these days that is going to be digital for you, right? I mean, is it ever going to be in person, physical? Are you ever going to travel that much to make that sustainable?

Matthias Miller  1:23:49
Not much. I mean, my travel is basically going to be

Unknown Speaker  1:23:54
whale businesses, right? And expos.

Speaker 1  1:24:00
So, I mean, if we're looking at this objective, you know, sustainable, repeatable, it, to my mind, one of the constraints is it should be mostly a digital it should be mostly something that we can do through an online funnel. So what happens if we expand the audience from just shed industry to pallets and pole barns and whatever else you've rattled off. Does the offer translate? Does the sales offer translate across all of these places? And can we open up our list to be a much broader, potentially more digital, friendly list of people?

Matthias Miller  1:24:41
I would think it would translate very nicely to pull barns,

Matthias Miller  1:24:52
carports and garage carports, I'm not sure about there's barely enough margin in them, right? Garage. Is

Unknown Speaker  1:25:04
decks, okay,

Speaker 1  1:25:15
I don't know. Is there a separate? Is there a separate, like, barn or like, what is it, the the barn, dominions, or whatever? Is there a separate area? Okay, does it translate to post frame?

Matthias Miller  1:25:32
Yeah, that's pull burns slash post frame.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:35
That's the same kind of kind of group of slash, slash, okay?

Matthias Miller  1:25:41
And those are almost easy, because easier because, like, it's literally, it's a little more effort to sell, but it's like, it's higher profit margins on bigger ticket, so Right? And they're drop dead simple businesses. I think if I had to say, okay, garages, decks. What

Unknown Speaker  1:26:12
are other ones? I thought about roofing, but

Matthias Miller  1:26:17
they're too mature and I mean, I don't know

Unknown Speaker  1:26:19
that's fair. I There are a lot of we

Unknown Speaker  1:26:23
regulations.

Matthias Miller  1:26:28
No, I mean, there are a lot of roofing associations. I think it's worth putting that down. And I think, and I do have a few contacts in the space that I think I could potentially work and get

Matthias Miller  1:26:49
I mean, it could be worth just running a webinar, seeing if a few of these guys would run a webinar for me.

Speaker 1  1:26:58
And so I'm wondering, and I mean, honestly, I haven't listened to your talk that you gave, and I should based on this conversation, so I should listen to your talk, but based on your talk, does this translate anyway? If we ran a webinar funnel, could we target people in these industries and they'd still get value out of this talk? Or if we redid a webinar with the same principles but made it I'm

Matthias Miller  1:27:21
not sure about the revenue numbers like pull barns. I would think 2 million is low. I think I should probably be four garages and decks. I'm not sure. You know, the revenue generated depends on the industry, if you could. But if, if, if it works equally well to have a title about, you know, sales reps, you want to cry? Sales Reps, so good to make you cry or something like that. Like,

Speaker 1  1:27:51
well, I mean, I've been doing enough webinars. I can already hear the first couple of slides being well, if you work in pole barns, you probably make this. What if you could make this? If you do garages, you probably make this. What if you made this right? Like, we could. We could be more inclusive. Stick around. I have an office, I mean, but

Matthias Miller  1:28:11
I even like, Look guys, like, if you're selling sheds, look at these guys selling pool barns. They're not working that much harder, and they're taking home all this money. Like, and my point is you can't control the company you I mean, you can't control always. You can't control what your boss does. You can control who your boss is, and that's how you get value out of this, out of this webinar. So,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:34
well, wait, is that going back to the sales people, though?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:37
I mean, if sales people owners,

Matthias Miller  1:28:40
you can't have have a webinar like that, and I have sales people show up and then be disappointed, like that was the concern. I already put out the material, and it wasn't a straight up call just for the owners. And I didn't want the sales people to be like, Wow, that guy just totally screwed me. That was a complete waste of time. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:28:59
well, again webinar, I can already see you'll get value out of this webinar. If you're an owner from this if you're a salesperson. This is the value you can get from this webinar. And these are the offers I'll have for you at the end, right? We can, we can make all of that work. People make that stuff work. So we would probably want that though. I don't know, I like a wide funnel. I 5000 people makes me nervous again. It doesn't work. It doesn't work to have a top of the funnel at 5000 people, but we could have a fairly large group of people that we could advertise to digitally, as long as we were going across various industries and talking to owners and sales people about how these basic principles will increase your sales revenue to, you know, 25 whatever you want to do per year. And then this is how you learn more about this. Yeah, yeah. Okay. I mean, you don't seem. Enthusiastic about that idea. But, I mean, it is an idea. I guess this is,

Matthias Miller  1:30:13
I mean, three observations, skepticism. Number one, we are entering other industry. I mean, this is the only part of it. We're entering other industries, and in making it too broad, really dumbs down the language a little bit. So can we have people show up and feel like it's for roofers, or feel like it's for pole barns and feel like I understand the business? That's my only concern.

Speaker 1  1:30:45
Okay, that's fair, but now we're splitting a little bit. My counter to that is, if you're selling sales, you don't need to understand the business. You need to understand sales. I mean, am I wrong? I mean, if you're selling business discoveries, you need to understand the business and you need to position yourself as an industry specific expert. But if you are reaching out to sales and be like, Look, I can increase your sales. How many sales trainers stay to a specific industry,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:17
right? Well, I don't know. I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:31:25
listen, I'm just, I don't know whether it's right or wrong. I'm just saying I don't want the message watered down so much that we completely, completely loses its power.

Speaker 1  1:31:35
I think that's fair. I guess my point is, is the message about the industry, or is the message about sales. And because that, to me, would make or break the water down issue. If it's message about sales, it won't

Speaker 2  1:31:48
be there's about sales and about the back end deliverables.

Matthias Miller  1:31:54
There are specifics that are industry specific, the calling card or the revenue number, because the title calls out of revenue number. It is about it. The title has to be industry specific. So if I, if I've had my magic, you know, pixie dust and wand, I would say it's like, well, let's adapt a number to the right industry. Let's change a few examples within and it's not, it's the same talk. It's just customized.

Speaker 1  1:32:23
And then my guess, my only concern with that is, do we run into the same problem we'll have in the shed industry, which is our size gets so small at the top that it's not worth running a top of level funnel ad or anything anymore, that we we wind up in the same situation where we wind up having to do more physical outreach to reach these people, because, again, we're splitting it to like 5000 people again, or 10,000 people in pole barns, as opposed to having a very large potential group of people at the top.

Matthias Miller  1:32:54
So then. But if we really have a large potential group of people, and we need to ditch the pole bar and post training, you can't. None of these industries are big enough to run them straight on. Maybe roofing is, I don't know, but, well, I

Speaker 1  1:33:09
guess that's what, yeah, that's that's what I meant. If you put them all together, you have a big enough potential group of people to make one, one webinar, to reach them. But if you start splitting them apart, we don't anymore, so we're in the same, same boat

Matthias Miller  1:33:23
as the show, right? But if you put them all together, how do you how do you get Facebook to find like? What do you call them? And it's then you have to say, Hey, if you are selling sheds or pull barns or post trains or barndos or carports or garages or decks or roofing, then you need to listen. Okay, wait. You just okay, here's an example. Yeah, got on the call after me on that this week. He has his he was in home services. He's like, Oh, you can. You can add six figures with with these effortless, automated referral types of stuff. I'm like, No, you can't. Like, I didn't know who it was for until I scroll down and like, Oh, he's in home services. Well, I think that's, I think you need dog whistles to make this work. Okay, that's my conviction. Okay, so,

Speaker 1  1:34:10
well, that's fair. So how? I mean, if you're a consultant to somebody else, and you're looking at everything we're talking about right here, how do you make this work?

Matthias Miller  1:34:21
The most obvious is, if you had success in that Expo, go find five other expos where you can show up and do a talk, okay, and get a room of at least, at least 100 and if you can get 300 people in that room do it right, like that's the most Homer Simpson, Homer, Simpson, but whatever. That's the most, that's the that's the kindergarten version of, like, what you should do? Obviously, something worked there.

Speaker 1  1:34:47
Yeah, go do it. No, you're right. Just flat out duplication. We go to more expos. We give more talks,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:52
or or Colorado Springs,

Matthias Miller  1:34:57
like, go find speaking engagement. It's anywhere you can business group of business owners. Like, I don't know if it's worth the $500 a month, but for 750 a month that they offer me on a on a tuition basis, but you know, well, join the Wellspring, mastermind again, just to get in front of prospect, like, just to get in front of

Speaker 1  1:35:23
them. How is that different getting in front of just general and not, like, educational, like, genuine question. Is it different to get in front of, like, in person prospects from all types of businesses versus getting in front of digital prospects from all types of businesses? That which is what you don't want to do with the webinar. Like, how is that functionally different when you go to sell things? Do you think the one on one makes it different

Unknown Speaker  1:35:48
in geographically centered, in the

Unknown Speaker  1:35:52
geographic Okay, okay?

Matthias Miller  1:35:55
And event or community, it's like, it's almost like, okay. Like with Wellspring, it's like, okay, well, you're part of the tribe, so therefore that's different, competitive differentiation. You're not this Jeremy miner or this Andy Elliot who's up on the stage and all this other like you're one of us. So that's where I feel like it's different.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:13
That does make sense. Yeah, absolutely.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:16
Okay. I see that. So yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:36:21
simbiz conference. I don't know if we can get in with simbiz, and I don't know when that is, but that's great group of people. If I went in with this talk,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:39
me, I to go.

Matthias Miller  1:36:48
And I'm not opposed again. I'm not opposed to webinars. I'm not convinced that we have anything strong enough or compelling enough to go mass market with the webinar. It feels to me, I

Speaker 1  1:37:01
think that's fair. So I mean, I think we can take all of that out for now. I am in favor of finding, especially for this quarter, I'm in favor of finding small, actionable things. And this isn't exactly small, but it's very specific. So I think the very specific thing to do is, okay, you want to get in person, in front of more people. How do we do that?

Matthias Miller  1:37:21
It's not just in person. It's in person or in industry. Webinars. I'm fine with either one, okay? I'm not fine again, very opinionated. I could be wrong. I just think broad webinars are going to, we're just going to die a million

Unknown Speaker  1:37:39
deaths. Okay? I have

Speaker 1  1:37:42
a sorry, Jason's loud. I have a sense of how to accomplish in person, just by figuring out where to get you. I don't have a sense of how to accomplish industry webinars. Is it the same thing? Like, we create a webinar and we offer it through, like, I don't know who do we offer it to? Partnerships, shed geek partnership, like that kind of stuff. Partnerships, yeah, that makes sense. So webinar to partnerships and in person meetings and so this is the logistics of just attending, and this is putting together a webinar and offering to partners, and there is no social media to be had. There's no real market and marketing efforts to be had. These are all very contained in person things. And so I would see my role and in executing this, I would say, Okay, this is what we do. We create the webinar. We offer to the partners. We find in person meetings. We get the logistics done of getting you there and attending to provide this. We make sure that we capture everything in the CRM for Devin, yep. And then we just let again, like it the the back end of that is Devin talks to them. You talk to them. You sell them something. We deliver sales and delivery. And, I mean, this makes a lot of sense for I think the next quarter, we can focus just on this and probably accomplish what we need to accomplish.

Matthias Miller  1:39:12
And one of the big things I need for q1 possibly q4 even q1 I don't know if I can do it in q4 but for q1 is what, what? Like both of those? Those are top notch events. I don't know if they have breakout sessions like I don't. I really don't know. But decide, am I flying out the day after my you know, am I getting getting to the expo halfway through? Do I send Devin? Do Devin or Josh go ahead of me? Or do we find some other event along the way?

Speaker 1  1:39:51
Yeah, yeah. Okay, so we're going to be planning our in person meetings, logistics of attending. Okay, are there going to be any so safe or. Q4 we're probably going to focus on local, like Colorado Springs, networking, kind of that kind of stuff, local or

Unknown Speaker  1:40:11
local, or webinars.

Speaker 1  1:40:16
Yeah, yeah. No, that's fair. Webinars is over there, in person, meetings, if I'm doing logistics or helping you attend, what we're doing is local. There's not gonna be a lot of travel or, like, big logistics for these things. So what we're looking at for q1 is probably the bigger logistics for these big events, right? Big Event Planning.

Speaker 2  1:40:35
I would hope for q1 just in terms of managing costs and all this stuff, that we'd be able to find a nice speaking like a nice, a good conference to speak at, where, where it's just a conference, in a seminar, maybe a small table or something, but just a lightweight,

Matthias Miller  1:40:53
like a simbas conference. I think we'd be perfect if we had a speaking session.

Speaker 1  1:41:00
Okay, when is the simbiz conference? What are we looking at in terms of

Matthias Miller  1:41:04
No, and I don't even know what it takes to get there or be there,

Unknown Speaker  1:41:10
whether I have to be a member

Unknown Speaker  1:41:18
conferences. So we need investigate

Speaker 1  1:41:22
dates and logistics for simbiz. Shed Expo, one tool Expo and the post frame

Unknown Speaker  1:41:34
Expo, okay, perfect.

Matthias Miller  1:41:36
Meeting the global summit is in Mansfield

Unknown Speaker  1:41:40
in March, simbas, yes, March, 26 to

Unknown Speaker  1:41:46
27 March, 26 to 27 Okay, okay.

Speaker 1  1:41:57
Well, that's a to do. I should map that out for you, and we should talk about it. We should just sort of have a potential Events Calendar next year. We can put your personal stuff on there too, and we can start mapping out how to get that done as a to do item coming from this. And so we're ready for q1 whatever that's going to look like to start, I don't know, probably registering or or planning or buying, or whatever is going to wind up happening there. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:42:21
Wind up happening there. Yeah, being a member anyway, yeah, exactly.

Speaker 3  1:42:29
Just put membership question mark. Okay, are you? Are you ready for a short break at all? Or, yes, okay,

Speaker 1  1:42:41
you want to take what 15 minutes? Or, do you need a lunch? Or, where are you at?

Matthias Miller  1:42:48
I should grab food, but 15 minutes, I think should be fine.

Speaker 1  1:42:51
Yep, that'll work for me too. So I'll see you in about 15 minutes. All right. Bye.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:49
Know, I am back with some mac and cheese.

Matthias Miller  2:00:54
I'm gonna burrito that I'm gonna be shoving in my mouth. So fantastic, all right, I'm moving it to a plate so you can get off the rustling paper.

Speaker 1  2:01:04
Okay, let me put my share screen back on and see where we're at.

Unknown Speaker  2:01:13
Oh, boy, any reflections on this direction?

Unknown Speaker  2:01:17
What are my reflections? Yep,

Unknown Speaker  2:01:21
I was going to ask you the same thing. Gosh darn it.

Speaker 1  2:01:26
So let's see. I think, well, as far as I can tell, our direction is we're staying in the shed industry with shed Titans. We are using your talk as the basis of gathering more leads in person, potentially webinar, but a lot of in person, and those leads go to Devon, and then we focus on the selling, the lead capture, the delivery, and that's our quarter, basically. And we do that by offering a webinar to partnerships and doing in person meetings over the next three months, along with your mentorship of Devin. So if that's the direction we're talking about, I like that. It's very contained and very achievable, and should produce results. I think. What do you think? What do you think? Yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  2:02:31
two loose

Matthias Miller  2:02:36
sentences, loose ends, yeah, what do we tell Devin on his social media idea, it's like,

Unknown Speaker  2:02:42
oh, for Instagram, okay, go knock yourself out.

Matthias Miller  2:02:47
No support, but we're not stopping you

Unknown Speaker  2:02:50
or

Matthias Miller  2:02:53
we want to shoot content

Unknown Speaker  2:02:55
or,

Speaker 1  2:03:02
well, I think, I mean, philosophically, I've got absolutely no objection to personally, like, if you don't have an objection to it, I don't have see why there should be an objection. I think it might just depend on whether or not you want to rein him in on anything that he does, because if he's going to be trying to use it for sales and is reflecting back on you, do you want to give him any guidelines for that potentially, like we discussed? Maybe not. Maybe we let the younger people do the younger people thing and see how it goes. Unless you think he's doing something that just is really dumb or bad. I don't think that. I don't know what will happen from Instagram, or any, if any, if anything will happen from Instagram, but there's potentially people there that we have no idea exist. So Right? I think it could be good talking about age. And I don't know that's a rabbit hole to go down, I guess, because I am certainly middle aged by now, and I'm definitely in that next generation where kids coming in in their 20s, and all sorts of businesses, even probably family shed businesses, are going to have a whole different way of doing things. You might get those people on Instagram.

Matthias Miller  2:04:13
So who maybe are more open minded were,

Speaker 1  2:04:18
yeah, potentially more open minded and more more sales resistant to traditional sales methods, but more interested in just talking to some dude that's talking on Instagram, potentially, yeah, I don't see that it harms anything. I think if he wants to do it, then, yeah, is

Matthias Miller  2:04:39
there any value in okay, do, do, do I, do? I tell him, Look, you need to come up with the content. Or,

Speaker 1  2:04:52
Oh, well, yeah. I mean, I guess I assumed he was going to come up with the content. What was his thought process? Or what? What did he want to do? What was the pitch

Matthias Miller  2:05:04
I need to get revisit? I mean, I think that's a question of what I'm willing to do or not do. If it's like I'm willing to give you an hour of my time. I mean, I basically say, Look, we can use your mentorship time however you went to if you want to get into this stuff and you want to use it to shoot videos of me and ask questions. Great questions, yeah, generate content, knock yourself out like we've we're not convinced we are. We're not convinced that social media is working.

Unknown Speaker  2:05:36
We're not, I'm not like I don't want to even try it. I I

Speaker 1  2:05:44
guess I hadn't thought too much about the webinar offering webinars to partnerships yet, but ideally, best case scenario, if we record a webinar and we offer it to partners, it would be nice to provide some social media, probably not like marketing on our end, but some clips, some social media ready clips, a little bit of a media kit, perhaps, that they can send out either to a newsletter list or on their own social media. And so maybe we might have some of that already, and we could, of course, also give that to Devin for Instagram. But I guess there's a lot of Instagram specific social media marketing stuff, if he wants to get into that, in terms of, like, managing the Instagram account for shed Titans, versus if he's just on Instagram as a salesperson and wants to put it out, my mind are two separate things, I guess, a little bit about

Matthias Miller  2:06:38
using the page. He would use the page called shed companies, right DM them once see what happens? I don't know.

Speaker 1  2:06:44
Oh well, yeah, he's talking about Instagram, social media marketing, and that's those two things are very solid strategy and how you should be using Instagram. So if he wants to build the Instagram that way for shed Titans, I think that's a great idea. Why not?

Matthias Miller  2:07:00
Okay, so the basic thing is, this dude, run with it. It's your baby. And if you want to shoot videos of me talking about stuff, then use your mentorship time. And let's do it.

Unknown Speaker  2:07:12
Yep, that works.

Matthias Miller  2:07:16
And let's give a shot, see what happens.

Speaker 1  2:07:19
Well, and he can ask. And if you want to send him my way to ask for like logos or like the assets we've already created for shed expo or anything like that, if he wants to have the brand colors, the branding, if he wants to repurpose anything for Instagram, like, I'm happy to give that to him, or help him format some stuff, you know. Like, that's that would be fine. I think

Matthias Miller  2:07:40
too, is there a way should

Speaker 1  2:07:44
I can create a little Canva Instagram kit for him, if you want me to logos, colors, that kind of stuff. Yeah, maybe.

Matthias Miller  2:07:53
I mean, is there any any sense in which

Unknown Speaker  2:07:58
I don't know

Matthias Miller  2:08:00
he should report to you on the project.

Unknown Speaker  2:08:04
I doubt it.

Speaker 1  2:08:08
The only reasons I can think of to report, one would be if we had a goal we were trying to meet, which we don't, and the other one would be accountability, which he we don't like. Neither one of those makes sense to me, so I don't think so.

Matthias Miller  2:08:20
Once again, I mean, he's not gonna, I don't think he's gonna willfully, he's not gonna willfully screw things up, and if he does, he's gonna be remorseful. Like, well, yeah, absolutely, that's and you got to learn, I mean, I mean, that's absolutely, and he's not gonna work well under,

Speaker 1  2:08:39
no, absolutely, I don't, I don't see any reason I was just offering some, I was just offering some support, some assets, if we have them, you know, like I can send him stuff if he needs it, but, yeah, I don't see a reason to go beyond that.

Unknown Speaker  2:08:52
All right, let me just, just gonna shoot him a message right now. Get it squared away. Computer do.

Unknown Speaker  2:11:27
All right, are you good?

Matthias Miller  2:11:31
Loose end? Is business?

Speaker 2  2:11:39
Engineering? It just feels like a lot, like it's it doesn't, logically, it's not the right time.

Speaker 1  2:11:49
I think that's fair. I think that's fair. Where's my where's my list, scroll, scroll, scroll. So when I under the refining the vision, I had started to prioritize a little bit cash flow. Stability still needs to be the foundational priority, I think. So we're still looking at host, settler and assist, and that's still going to take a portion of your time, correct, yep. And then potentially you want some strategic stability. We're not quite sure yet. And then we're continuing leads to the pipeline with Josh. So this is, this is what we're talking about here. This is Devin and webinars. And then there's going to need to be some delivery happening here, and then you've still got, this is actually five now. I think pub in the desert, right? I'm going to write dessert, because that's what I'm going to do. So for for a three month outlook, this should account for pretty much all of your time, I would assume. And I think if we're looking at timing this level of stability creates the ability to make the next level of stability, which is potentially this repeatable revenue thing that we're working on now, which then could create the next level of stability, which could be business engineering. So I agree. I don't think it's the right time. But do you need, do you need an outlet for this idea?

Unknown Speaker  2:13:29
Well,

Matthias Miller  2:13:38
yeah, I mean, I think, I think it is kind of where I'm at. It's like, maybe, maybe we need a negotiation between this idea and what we have going on. Like, is there a version or an element or a something or a I don't know what, like, what is the thing? I it's been eating at me long enough that, I mean, I keep shoving it down, moving on, getting interested in other things. And it was on the way, on the way down to grab food. I was thinking, like, well, is this just because things have slowed down a little bit? Why? I don't think it actually is. I mean, like this past week has been slammed busy, yeah, so I don't think that's just what it is

Speaker 1  2:14:29
that's fair. I think potentially, as you detox from these external voices, you're going to start hearing the internal voices more clearly. I think that's something to be aware of or willing to embrace. And so maybe, if this is an internal voice starting to arise again, it's worth noting, engaging with giving some energy to for sure.

Unknown Speaker  2:14:55
So I guess

Matthias Miller  2:14:57
two things, okay, there's three. Resources required to make it

Unknown Speaker  2:15:01
happen. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  2:15:07
number one time on my calendar to record stuff.

Unknown Speaker  2:15:15
Wait a minute. If you look at your schedule, I'm How much time do you think?

Matthias Miller  2:15:26
Do you think you'll be full time on this stuff? Or, like, not full, I mean, you're

Speaker 1  2:15:30
full. You mean, like, if we look at where we're going in this quarter, right? Yeah, okay, so let me take a look. Or let me think, let me take an internal look into my brain. So I'm needing personally, I am recommitting speaking of my vertical need for clarity, stuff like email and scheduling and just getting my admin tasks are a nice, calming, stabilizing way, because I'm those are just the consistent things I can do every day to create the baseline of the administrative backbone here. So that's what I'm looking at. And then on top of that, I would be looking at helping you. Do we need we need to build a webinar. We need to look at these types of opportunities. Do you already have a presentation that you can sort of use? Are you going to need a new presentation every time

Matthias Miller  2:16:21
you go off and do, oh, it's like, I need to tweak the notes, maybe. But okay,

Speaker 1  2:16:27
well, in this stuff, I mean Devin and you are going to be largely responsible for CRM sales, delivery. When we get into delivery, I can support you based on what you need. And then if something comes becomes repeatable, I think I will have a little extra time in my 15 to 20 hour week to to flex a little bit, depending on some of this stuff, will be time sensitive. You know, there'll be weeks that are busier and weeks that are not as per usual.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:52
So, yeah, I'll have some time.

Matthias Miller  2:16:57
So I don't know the best way to orchestrate this. There's a few, few directions we could go. Okay, so, okay, let's go back to resources. Resources. Me time to record podcasts. Okay, a good co host, okay, because that's the model that works. And then then time and or money for content and redistribution.

Speaker 1  2:17:22
I can you use Haley as a resource to do that? Do you want me to do that? Or are you looking at literally, like creating another separate

Matthias Miller  2:17:32
I think she's to me, it makes sense to throw it to Haley, because it

Speaker 1  2:17:36
would be the same thing she's basically doing already, just for another, another

Matthias Miller  2:17:40
topic, and it also, and I can also compartmentalize it in my brain, of like, this is a fun thing that I'm doing, right? We don't have this weird thing of like, I'm like, I tell you do something, and I'm like, where's the results out of it? And it's like, well, because whatever, right?

Speaker 1  2:17:55
No, that makes perfect sense to me. So Haley could still be your

Matthias Miller  2:17:59
so I guess one of the questions would be, we would Haley if Haley would want to be a co host? I don't know how she'd do as a co host. I don't know if she'd want to do that. She might. It might completely freak her out,

Speaker 1  2:18:13
fair enough. Well, would, I mean, am I a co host option? Should we talk about that? Absolutely? Yeah, okay. I mean, I feel like I could, I could do that, or you could rotate co host, potentially, but, I mean, I'd be willing to do that. I think it would be fun, because we'd be looking at conversations, right? And then if neither one of us are responsible for taking that and turning it into the distribution, if that's Haley, then, then, yeah, we get to talk about ideas. Um,

Unknown Speaker  2:18:45
and then the question becomes,

Matthias Miller  2:18:50
see, and then here's, here's the thing I kind of wish we could do. I don't know how to do. I wish, I wish I could do. I know this is, this is pure insanity, but I wish I could do something like a 5am Wednesday morning. So I show up at the office. I do my my business engineering podcast. Take a 30 minute break. Yeah, jump on do my pub in the desert podcast, and it's outside of business hours. Yeah, no, that's sheer in that really narrows down the WHO co host this with you, guessing you don't want to, and I don't know what I well,

Speaker 1  2:19:36
I don't. I wouldn't, I wouldn't rule it out. It sounds fun. I would just have to maybe give it a little bit thought, because technically, I could do it, it would just be, it's been a minute since I've had to wake up at 430 to do much of anything. So, right? I wouldn't rule it out.

Unknown Speaker  2:19:50
Okay, actually. So

Matthias Miller  2:19:54
maybe it's more like even five. You know, even 530 might be easier than just doing half. Or, and I feel like Haley could serve up, we'd say Haley, here's, here's a general content calendar, okay? And in my mind, in my mind, so my basic model is, there's all these software engineering concepts, yeah. And and then you could have a series of interview questions where it's like, how does this apply to marketing, to sales, operations, finance, and, you know, either organizational management or leadership or something along those lines, like organization design. So then she would pick a topic and and then the questions would all be centered around, okay, can you explain what this thing is like? What is this like? Okay, I'm a complete idiot when it comes to software engineering. What is like? What does profiling mean? What like is that something you do to like size that people know it's something else. Okay. So, like, how does it work? Okay? Like, here's the fifth grade explanation. All right, got it? All right. Cool. Now. How does that apply to marketing? And maybe she doesn't even need to come up with interview questions. But my mind is, she sets the stage, hands the script over. We have a repeatable intro. Welcome to the Business engineering podcast, where we engineer profitability and growth for skill and and, and we can then plug the if, if you're looking, if you're looking for an MRI for yourself scene, reach out. We got you and, and in this podcast, we take you deep down into the probably have been recording this, but in this podcast, we keep taking

Unknown Speaker  2:21:48
me, we stopped recording.

Matthias Miller  2:21:50
Oh, great. And the basic premise of the podcast is, look, in software engineering, we've we've built the biggest, most scalable, system resilient systems known to mankind, but we've never translated them into how they apply to business, because business is slow and has high friction and slow pace. In this podcast, we translate these, the lessons that we learned from software into business, since you can scale more quickly, is scale faster, better and more smoothly. So with that in mind, today we're looking at the topic of, or, then it's a, it's actually at that point I do the intro, I tee it off to you and say, or something, like, they're gonna figure out the transition. And then you're like, okay, like the topic for the day is this, like, What in the world is that? Sure, yeah. And if you talk about that, unpack it, you ask questions, you understand, and then we start going into these different areas,

Speaker 1  2:22:49
yeah, no, that's like, because I don't know anything live. I know very little about software, so that'll be easy. Like, what authorities?

Matthias Miller  2:22:55
I mean, it's almost better that way, because exactly, we're not going to lose people. And then in my mind, here's where I don't know where it goes. In my mind, this is a perfect LinkedIn play.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:09
I think that's fair. I think I think you're right.

Matthias Miller  2:23:18
And then you intentionally, and then Haley's additional work is, is we come up with a connection thing, and we just start connecting with manufacturers in our network. Start building a manufacturing network on on their

Speaker 1  2:23:40
that makes sense. That makes sense. If we Yeah, no, that makes sense. So we basically just do like LinkedIn outreach, and then if you talk to someone on LinkedIn and they become a lead for you, then that's, that's the pipeline.

Matthias Miller  2:23:57
That's the pipeline some way, and I don't know, maybe we need to get Devin access to LinkedIn, to my LinkedIn, somehow or some, I don't know,

Speaker 1  2:24:05
well, we can see how it goes, you know? I mean, yeah, I think that's, I think that's good. It's lightweight, and I like it. And I think that's probably exactly what it needs to be right now, I think if there becomes a lot of interest through this channel, we look at creating another just really simple opt in of some kind to build you an email list. I just want to capture people off of social, get them to your email list so you own those leads. And then at some point, that would be worth doing, but I don't think it's worth doing right at the right off the bat. I think that makes sense. We do it on LinkedIn and just kind of goes,

Matthias Miller  2:24:43
there's another option she's using. She's using substack right now for pub in the desert. Now, I don't know how I feel about I feel like we almost have to create a code house account, author account. Yeah. Because I don't want my author name. I don't know. I don't these pub in the desert in business engineering mix like oil and water, like it's not, that's not the same group of people, okay? And currently pub in the desert is, it's kind of weird, but we have our separate page. Kevin and I are mentioned as co authors on each of them. And so it shows up. I think it might be because I'm the primary author, and then he restacks and stuff like that. But okay, this is a perfect, I mean, substack would just be a drop dead obvious that. Yeah, that does make sense, and we could just have people opt into that.

Unknown Speaker  2:25:39
So it'd be a code house sub stack. Yeah. Yeah, no, actually, that engineering substack,

Speaker 1  2:25:47
that would make a lot of sense to me too. Just looking at some way to capture this stuff is all I'd be looking at. And I like that. So

Matthias Miller  2:25:54
we capture leads, and that's a familiar platform, exactly. Okay, so am I absolutely out of my mind for doing this?

Speaker 1  2:26:03
Probably, well, I think my main question at this point is, does it take anything away from creating meaningful, meaningful outcomes here? And if it doesn't, then, then, no, but I a meaningful outcome to me would be potentially, any time in the next couple of weeks, either Josh or Devin are going to close a sale for you that I hope is fairly substantive, or at least is going to take a week or two of your time to deliver on. So you get a big sale, we have to figure out how to deliver on it. Are we throwing too many things at once in this.

Unknown Speaker  2:26:42
Let's make a rule. This

Matthias Miller  2:26:46
is exactly the rule I had with beehive, which I need to cancel all of that stuff and shut it down because, but like, let's make a rule. No, no, no, performance pressure, right? Treadmill, like we have a weekly cadence, but there's no weekly treadmill. And my ask to you, if I can be, I don't know if it's completely fair, so maybe I shouldn't even say this, but I'll say this. But my ask to you, if I can have the wherewithal to listen, is that you're like, look, you're really busy. Like, we should cancel. And I'm going to be like, Oh, I don't want to cancel. It's

Unknown Speaker  2:27:27
fun. Yeah, exactly.

Matthias Miller  2:27:31
And I'm boss, I can do a one. Yeah, know how to get past that. So that's kind of a futile endeavor. It sounds good.

Speaker 1  2:27:39
I'm sorry I laughed, but no, that that is fair, and I, you know, it's one of those things. It's like, there's no offense, because I'm like, you're my boss. I'm not going to tell you what to do, but that is exactly how that's going to go. It's not going to help.

Matthias Miller  2:27:54
See, this is the problem with being so freakishly collaborative sometimes and so freakishly independent other times.

Speaker 1  2:28:02
Yeah, it's fair. Well, okay, the other there might be a middle ground. Maybe this is too much. Do we record these things this quarter, but start publishing them in January.

Unknown Speaker  2:28:14
So

Matthias Miller  2:28:16
let's just do a time delay, or like, a like, let's wait four weeks, but let's, let's let her schedule it out four weeks.

Speaker 3  2:28:25
Yeah, sure, yeah. Even better idea.

Unknown Speaker  2:28:35
Oh, it's too far out. It's not too far out. Let's launch it on my birthday.

Unknown Speaker  2:28:43
Go ahead. Birthday,

Speaker 2  2:28:45
November 26 Oh, okay, so that's like seven weeks out. Uh,

Speaker 1  2:28:53
yeah, we could do that my I guess that's captured in what I already said. My only concern is that I would love for you to have this repeatable revenue thing that we've been chasing, and so I just don't want it to get to a point where it's splitting the attention. And like you, we said earlier, eating shit at this point is just sort of part of where you're at, and so you're going to hate it. But do you need most of your attention focused on making this work? Does this need to come to fruition before the attention splits off into this potential business engineering place?

Unknown Speaker  2:29:40
I mean, it's a really good question,

Speaker 1  2:29:44
because whatever energy we put into this, even if it's outside of business hours, it's energy not put into finding the next local meeting and group of people to talk to, not checking in with Devin, not helping him close sales, right? And that not deliver. On the things maybe that get sold, although I know you'll do that, but yeah. I mean, I think it makes more sense to have a stepwise path than a concurrent one. But,

Matthias Miller  2:30:16
well, it certainly helps to get like this out of my head.

Speaker 1  2:30:19
Yeah, absolutely. Well, I still really like this idea. I still think it could be like, it could be a, definitely like a q1 January thing we plan to do, or we even start doing, we could record a few episodes, but then, if we planned on q1 it would leave you room to really put a lot of effort into this and figure out whether or not it's working, and hopefully it is, and then we start to get wins here.

Speaker 2  2:30:47
Agreed, you're right. Okay, so here's, I think, here's my homework. Okay, this, this is the classic,

Matthias Miller  2:30:59
you know, friends with discomfort, embracing pain, managing emotions, all that stuff. Do I want to leave it No,

Matthias Miller  2:31:14
if? I mean, I think that's just basically the answer. I think it's, I'm fine with that. It's leaning into that,

Speaker 1  2:31:24
yeah, so we continue. I like that frame. I mean, this is a q1 plan with the acknowledgement that this is not comfortable, right? This is like a sitting in discomfort choice, right? To prioritize this other stuff and to pare down. And I I think this is the smallest list of ideas we've ever had in a quarterly plan. But I also think it's going to be the most effective because it's the smallest list of ideas. Because if we are just chasing, making a webinar and doing in person meetings and closing sales. I think that's exactly what needs to happen.

Matthias Miller  2:32:03
That's the problem for the so long. Like, no repeatable everything like this is, like, getting close to the root, yeah, um, Ryan had a very interesting, right now, very interesting observation. He's like, and even Josh is like, he was asking. It's like, dude, like you're doing all the right stuff. Like, just make sure you keep finding your way back back to peace. Stay grounded, show up, do what you do. And and I think realistically too, if I'm really, really, really honest, it's not financially wise, yeah. Like payroll was bigger this past round because of Expo,

Speaker 2  2:32:45
which from, I don't remember where we're at on weekly hours or stuff like that, but

Matthias Miller  2:32:55
it's a good, okay, there's two, two follow up things that I should do. One, shut things down, like beehive. There's a few other and I found some other expense leakage that I

Speaker 3  2:33:04
need to fix. Okay, expense leakage, yeah, that's a good one.

Matthias Miller  2:33:09
It's a good thing to get rid of, and it just requires periodic attention. And then the other thing is, I don't know what hours expectations are, but just

Unknown Speaker  2:33:21
I am taking on a little

Matthias Miller  2:33:24
you could ask the question whether it's the right thing to bring David on.

Speaker 2  2:33:29
We're paying him a see, it's 500

Matthias Miller  2:33:38
bucks alone. And so I think it's actually probably pretty easy to clean that up. Just up just with other stuff, but if I bring him on and scale up your hours, it's going to increase the pain. And so if you're comfortable keeping your hours and we can get done what needs to get done with your hours appropriately about where they've been the rest of the year. It's, it's helpful for me.

Speaker 1  2:33:58
Yeah, I think that's, I think that's a fair thing. I I know, I think probably most of the time I'm a little bit under 15 hours, and then every once in a while, it kind of spikes up closer to the 20, or maybe even a little over, depending on what we're doing. But I mean, hours are comfortable for me, and if we want to, I guess what I hear you saying is, over quarter, over the last part of this year, let's try not to have any spikes. Is that what you're saying? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  2:34:24
Well, let's just be mindful of, like,

Unknown Speaker  2:34:28
potential spikes in ours. I asked

Matthias Miller  2:34:30
you to really lean in last month. I think it's right thing to do. Like, what else we were

Speaker 1  2:34:34
going to do? I think that's fair, yeah, and it doesn't, yeah, I agree. I mean, the expo that was a lot of expense for you in a lot of ways. And I that was part of it was payroll.

Unknown Speaker  2:34:45
So, yeah, yeah. So

Matthias Miller  2:34:48
just being like, yeah, hovering under that 15 is comfortable deferring the business engineering a little bit if that's gonna take you over also, you know. So. Super expensive, but it's wise not to invest a ton of money into her currently,

Speaker 1  2:35:04
no, I think that's fair well. And for my end of things, too, I really I like offloading the social media for that reason. And there's, if I find anything else, I'll bring it to your attention. Because I've been, I've been trying to be mindful that I one of the things I just hate doing in general, even though it's not. My bottom line is to waste other people's money. And I do feel like, when I'm I'm sitting there doing some of this stuff, I'm like, I don't think anything's going to come of it. I really hate doing this, but I have to put the time in so you can see it, so that we can talk about it. So if I see those things, I will try to bring them to your attention as well. But I think the social media was the big one.

Matthias Miller  2:35:39
So a another goal for q4 is to be, you know, to put it in the most blunt, blatant way possible, is for us to stop lying

Unknown Speaker  2:35:48
to each other fair. Okay, like, if

Matthias Miller  2:35:55
you're sitting there working on something and you're like, this isn't gonna make money, this is dumb, then we need to have that conversation. And if you're making something, and I'm like, and I feel like we I feel like this, this has been a dynamic that's bitten both buzz and like this is, like, I'm not comfortable like, this, isn't I don't know. Like, yeah, conversation about broad audiences and things like that. Like, like, just bring these things of sometimes it just feels like, hey, I want to, I want to trust what you're saying and let you run with it, and not be, like, almost like a reactionary to being a hyper controlling boss. Like, not that you've ever said that, but, like, letting, learning, to let go, but at the same time leaning into places running. Yeah, it's not, I don't know. I don't agree with that. Like, can we? And I don't know where that line is,

Speaker 1  2:36:46
man, I'm not sure either. Like, I don't disagree with you. My initial thought is, I feel like I am very vocal with my opinions, but I think, to your point, I probably am not very vocal when it if I have the thought in my mind that this is a waste of time, I don't think I hardly ever say that, because it feels very rude, and maybe I'm in people pleasing mode when I do that a little bit. But also, usually when those things happen, you seem to me, and maybe this is where I need to clarify, is like, how, how invested are you in this idea? Might be a good question, because usually you seem very invested in these ideas, I think. But maybe I'm wrong.

Unknown Speaker  2:37:33
So how does that feel as a

Matthias Miller  2:37:34
question? I mean, that's a great question. I think the other thing is really like, what, what made you think this is okay? This is the unfortunate way of how my brain works. I'm wondering through life, and somebody comes along and says, Well, the silver bullet to your problem is this, we've had incredible success. Oh, great. Like, we should totally do that. And then it's like, so the real thing that's most helpful in that case is like, okay, great, that's an awesome idea. So maybe it should be on the ideas list. But can we take two steps back, and what's the problem we're trying to solve for? Well, you know, we don't have audience, revenue, cash flow. Okay, so great. Now we have what the real problem is. And these are the objectives. Part of my problem is that I genuinely have such a driver novelty, that I have a really bad memory. And so you can even you saw that in the question to Josh. I'm like, Okay, but why not sales managers and like and his argument makes sense like. And I actually had thought of that before, and that was a little bit where my headspace was at, but forgot that. And I think if you can write it in your brain that most of okay, something for me to strengthen would be if I would have a, maybe even an outcome of this meeting. In every meeting is like, can we put together a quarter page like Cliff Notes? Yeah, of quarterly agendas? Yep, sits on my desk for the quarter and, and can we introduce some of that in the early but then assume when there's a new idea, it's not because I'm invested in the idea. It's because I got hooked on the new idea crack and I forgot what we had talked about earlier. Like, that's, that's basically what's going on.

Speaker 1  2:39:36
I think that's fair. I am. I'm absolutely willing to do that with the understanding, if it's okay with you, I mean, on the on the other side of that is, I am fine saying the words, sometimes I get fairly sensitive about any backlash that might come at me if you've asked me to do this, and then I do it, and then you get upset about it. I think. Think that is, that is a business conversation, but honestly, it's also just a personal sensitivity. I have early childhood trauma, you know, like so I'm absolutely happy to do that. And I think maybe, potentially, the the thing I could think of is I feel pretty comfortable being honest with you. And I think maybe if I'm getting to the point where I know I should be doing this, but I don't feel comfortable with it, maybe I just need to say that, be like, I know you asked me to do this, it feels really hard right now. I feel like, you know, emotionally, this is really hard right now, but here it is right, like, this is what you wanted, and maybe that helps contextualize the conversation, right? Okay? And

Matthias Miller  2:40:39
there's also good argument to be made that this is not your response. Is not your responsibility and you don't need to do that.

Speaker 1  2:40:46
There is an argument to be made there, but I think this comes to I can see it both ways, because we have a working relationship, and we have a unique one, and we're unique people, and so really being able to clarify and being specific with our communication, I think, is really helpful. And I don't think that that's, I don't think that this is outside of the scope of just pure, you know, communication and saying, all right, you know, this is what you said before. What do you mean right now? Do we? Do we veer? And we've had success with that, you know, like in some, some of the times when I've asked questions in terms of, are we changing strategy because of this, the answer is usually like, oh, well, no, I forgot about that. Let's, let's not do that.

Unknown Speaker  2:41:23
So definitely get where you're coming from here.

Matthias Miller  2:41:28
That's, I mean, that's a great question. The other question, I would have to and in the most non there is a non threatening way that you could do this. If there are examples from the past quarter, maybe it's easiest not to do it in conversation. Maybe it's easier just to shoot it over and chant here something. But there are places in I'm very curious about the pattern of me asking. I don't know if you're saying, Well, I'm very interested in knowing what places this could totally come off as defensive. I'm interested in understanding the pattern of myself in me asking for things and then not being happy with the outcome when, you know, like, I don't know, being being like, less than pleased with what comes back and and how can, how can, what are things that we can change on both sides of The table to make that less likely to occur?

Speaker 1  2:42:22
Yeah, um, that's fair. Are you asking me right now for examples, like, is that

Matthias Miller  2:42:29
where, what examples I would

Unknown Speaker  2:42:32
well, you know,

Speaker 1  2:42:35
maybe this, maybe we're getting into the area of conversation about how to structure our meetings and our conversations a little bit, because I think for me, during the shed Expo, I was pondering this a lot, and I shed Expo was a high, high stress situation, so it's not exactly representative of real life, but I think some of the things that made me feel like maybe this is a pattern, is when you get stressed out about something you want to take ownership back, I think, from my perspective, which I understand, you know, it's your butt on the line here, and so I don't have a lot of autonomy to just make executive decisions. Like, you know, this flyer is good enough. Like, it really is good enough. We're going to stop it. You know, what I did instead was give you what you wanted, which is all the resources so you could continue tweaking on the plane and those types of things. And so it made me reflect on how much power I have to accomplish specific things for you on your behalf, and whether or not that reflects on, am I really not doing this good enough? Like, is this really a bad looking flyer that needs to be tweaked, in which case I feel sort of bad, or is it more about you need to have ownership of this because you are in a high stress situation. And I think maybe the pattern, if there is one to that is usually in like a cash flow issue. I think the high stress situations are potentially all related around cash flow or big expenditures, where there comes a point in time when you feel like something just needs to happen, and you go off and do it. And I think that is a fair thing to do, you know, so maybe, I don't know if that totally answers your question, but I would say it's maybe a pattern of stress, and I don't think that it's because you're unhappy about things. Per se, I get more the feeling that it's it's more to do with you still don't quite know what you want, or you're working it out in your head, and it just helps you to take ownership of it and figure it out and tinker. Is that a fair,

Unknown Speaker  2:44:47
fair assessment? Okay, I would agree with

Matthias Miller  2:44:50
the cash flow distress. I think that, to me, makes a

Unknown Speaker  2:44:53
lot of sense. Yeah, yeah. Well.

Unknown Speaker  2:45:00
Think your mic might be cutting out a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  2:45:05
Okay, let me grab my other that said it's better. Okay.

Matthias Miller  2:45:22
I i also know there's this. There's a pattern. Well,

Matthias Miller  2:45:42
I think part of it is this challenge of zero to one is trying to solicit help on a zero to one project.

Unknown Speaker  2:45:51
It is

Matthias Miller  2:45:52
because,

Speaker 1  2:45:53
yeah, what? And I agree with you, just to, I guess, interject quickly, I've also been reflecting on my part of it, which is My strong preference for systematization, is just not, that's just not where we're at. Like, I, I guess I thought when I started with you a couple years ago that I saw opportunities for that. But over the time, I'm like, you know, actually, that is just not where we're at in a business sense. And I can stop being so frustrated by that as long as I adjust again, I adjust, adjust my goal. I just adjust vertically. I'm like, well, that's not my job. Therefore, I'm not stressed anymore. It is actually pretty simple adjustment when I finally make it, you know. So I think I'm more I'm feeling a little bit more relaxed about that now in the sense that I'm adjusting, you're right. This is a zero to one, and it's taken me a long time to realize there's not really much of anything I can create a system around until we get past that.

Unknown Speaker  2:46:49
Yeah, I think that's fair.

Matthias Miller  2:46:51
And I think, I mean, I've I've wondered too. I've wondered, but not wondered, like I've wondered too, if I've done a disservice by hiring an assistant this early. Like, no, that's I can't imagine dealing with email and all the minutia that just the onslaught of everything like, that's really hard to imagine. But in a lot of ways, you're, I mean, in a lot of ways, you're hanging around. I mean, if you want to continue with this long term, you're really hanging around until there's you can be a an operations manager, some similar type of potentially.

Speaker 1  2:47:41
Well, here's, oh well, and I get and I guess not to interrupt, I apologize, but I had, I had the thought, I don't know if this makes it more complicated or less complicated, but maybe this helps solve a problem too. That doesn't make sense at this point in time, since I kind of came on and pitch the idea that maybe I could be a project person for you, which I think I still could be, but it's not coming to fruition yet. Does it make sense to create a billing category for just admin work, where you pay me a few dollars less to do admin work, and then if we get to strategy or project management, or in the occasions that I actually do do it, I build just back to where I'm at now. Does that feel more aligned?

Unknown Speaker  2:48:32
Or is that a complicated request? I

Matthias Miller  2:48:34
don't know if it's I mean, I think it's I think it's doable. I think it's closer to reality.

Speaker 1  2:48:42
I do too. I'm a big fan of working in reality. That's part of my vertical you know, it's like I live. You know me probably pretty well at this point in time. But I also, I really don't mind just doing the email grunt work. It is sort of meditative, and it helps me to put that into a compartment where I don't feel guilty about doing it for what, $29 an hour right now I need less than right because, because it's not that high of a value. You know, I think there are places where I can provide higher value. This meeting is probably one of those places. But every day, when I log into your email. If I do email, if I do schedule, if I just do random tasks, and I spend an hour and a half maybe on that, on average, on it in a day to just keep you running. I like doing that, and then maybe it takes some of the pressure off of me to feel like I need to be finding value adds here in places where I can't find them because they don't exist, right? So not to demote myself, but I mean, I feel like that is an important thing for me. I feel overpaid.

Matthias Miller  2:49:55
Well, I think it makes it i. Yeah, okay, let's talk about lying and honesty. I mean, I think I just viscerally hate the idea of lowering somebody's wages. I just think it's really obnoxious.

Unknown Speaker  2:50:16
I think that's fair. I get that

Matthias Miller  2:50:18
so but it does also, I also am cognizant of the fact that this has also, whether I've, I mean, I haven't really expressed it, maybe acknowledged it to myself in some capacity, talk about problem avoidance. It has introduced a complicated you may have picked up on it in some of my comments about Haley. It's like, like, I want you to be able to be spending more time in the higher value work,

Speaker 1  2:50:52
right? But there just isn't that there right now, isn't that there? And if Yeah, I agree, well, I think I have. I mean, I There are the comments here and there that and that's and that's part of it too, I think again, like, I personally, I really like providing value. I really hate feeling overpaid. And I'm also not used to, I was thinking about this the other day too. Like, I'm not used to being in situations where my contributions aren't, like, praised, I guess, in a sense, like that's a little egotistical, I guess, but realistically, I feel like I'm a little bit of a place right now where I'm just not giving you things that you need, you know. And so it's kind of an uncomfortable spot for me to be in personally. So from that perspective, I'm actually kind of a fan of fine, of like doing a different billing at a lower rate for just pure administrative work, but and it also forces both of us to be much more mindful about the conversations we have, because I have to bill at a different rate. So I really, I mean, I realize that as a boss that may seem obnoxious, and as an employee, like, of course, I like, I don't want to, like, cut my rate Exactly. That doesn't make me feel happy either. But I think, to be totally honest, that would make me feel much more aligned and much more mindful about what I'm doing, and feel like I'm providing the correct amount of value at the correct time, right?

Matthias Miller  2:52:31
Is the situation of you not okay? Like admin stuff. I've complained a few times about invoices slipping through, and it didn't happen again. All this other kinds of stuff and and like, how much I don't know if I could tease apart my whole question. I

Matthias Miller  2:53:06
the times I've been most wowed by your performance have all been centered around introducing project management

Speaker 3  2:53:15
related systems. That seems fair. I um,

Matthias Miller  2:53:23
and how much of so? How much of this? Okay, so certainly there's a differential value contribution. How much of this is simply because I'm not very proactive in expressing, okay, first of all, probably don't, don't celebrate my own successes enough, not proactive in celebrating other people's successes. How much is is opportunity for growth on the leadership side, and how much is is is also just the business is not set up. Has that grown to a point where it's has room for you?

Speaker 1  2:54:11
I mean, I suppose I would. I'm more of a pragmatist. I suppose I would put it more in the latter category, like you're not effusive with praise, but also, I do feel appreciated by you, and you do take time to say thank you for specific things. So I think it's more potentially. I think it's more potentially the latter, yeah, and I just, I think back to the time, and it's easy to kind of get stuck in my ways, you know, with as with everybody. I think back to when I first came on and saw an opportunity to help you with, with project management. And there for a while we were doing the weekly task tracking and reporting and stuff on the I've already lost it, assist or something. Assist, yes, thank you. And so that probably made more sense. And as that has gone away, and I think probably I would market it just about a year ago, when you started. To shift over to shed Titans, and there became this transitional period now where I didn't know exactly what was happening, and it's taken me this full year to kind of understand that now we're shifting from more repeatable, understandable stuff that was happening in assist that I could wrap my head around and maybe find ways to provide value to versus now we seem to be in this more exploratory space where I don't have the same opportunities to support you in Project way. I don't have many opportunities to help yet do much of anything other than just kind of keep email on track and maybe keep tasks on track and do things like that. And so I think it's a transitional space. I would say it's probably a result of the change in your focus. And I know your focus hasn't completely changed because you still have work that you're doing, you know, maybe hostile or and that type of thing. But I can't really, as far as I know, contribute anything to that work. I would say it's more of a situational, transitional thing that probably snuck up on on both of us. And as I'm talking about that, as I'm working it through in my own head, I think I probably was still providing more value to you through the assist project until we transitioned. Is that a fair assessment? Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  2:56:16
would say so. And yeah, I mean, the big challenge that happened there then was you came onto the assist project when it was heavily funded, yes, and we had a tight deadline, yes. And so they were willing to pay, I was happy to build out your time like, that's that's win, win, win. Exactly the challenges we ran into as well was on hyper technical projects. The one challenge we did run into is with hyper technical projects, it was challenging to translate, I would say, the same thing, five different ways, and de duplicating. It became an issue, become it became an issue, agreed? Yeah. And that is the ongoing problem with you project managing technical projects, which, which is why

Speaker 1  2:57:04
technical projects being software, right? Because I'm not a software project manager, and I agree with that. I'm a I'm a program side, so like, if you were to start doing projects related to business engineering, I think that would

Unknown Speaker  2:57:16
work, right? And I agree that

Matthias Miller  2:57:21
the other issue, which may be a personal issue, like coordinating my project priorities in a big picture, in a big scheme of things, I've just taken as a little bit of a juggling act. So yeah, you know, I starved MERV for about a month, and then I'm prioritizing him again, and Dwayne was offered for that, so I'm squeezing him in where I can, and probably dropping some things, and I don't know where the breakdown is. And again, this could be any number of things. It could be people pleasing. It could be,

Speaker 1  2:58:07
do you want my help with that? I guess is the question. Or do you prefer to juggle?

Matthias Miller  2:58:13
I enjoy juggling, but then there's part of me that's like, why am I not like? There's a voice that says, you should delegate more like that. But it's never worked for me, and I've never enjoyed it, and it doesn't feel that burdensome to me, and I get done what needs to get done?

Speaker 1  2:58:28
Yeah, yeah. I agree. I mean, that is the thing that I've also, I've also looked at that as a potential place of opportunity to try to organize you better. But you aren't the person that likes to be organized. That is not something that actually helps you, that tends to make you feel boxed in and hindered and so.

Unknown Speaker  2:58:46
So, there you go.

Matthias Miller  2:58:47
So, but that's where having your guidance and support, I mean, that's, that's where we've been pushing towards, is if we have a revenue engine that, again, there is, there's some hopes of some repeatability there. And I also think on something like, If there would be a case, I don't know what host Miller's budget is going to be like, but depending,

Unknown Speaker  2:59:18
yeah, anyway, that's just a combination of factors.

Unknown Speaker  2:59:22
It is. It is,

Speaker 1  2:59:23
well, this is a big conversation. I don't we could, we could schedule a time to follow up on it, if you'd like, if you'd like, time to digest this, getting into some of the sort of more foundational organization about me and my role, and how we work, and all of that. I don't know. I don't know if we want to solve that today. I'm just mindful of the time. It's like,

Unknown Speaker  2:59:46
yeah, quarter after 12. So

Speaker 1  2:59:50
I don't know. I mean, I guess it's good to get some of that stuff off my chest. It makes me feel in the in the spirit of radical honesty, makes me feel a little shut down right now, emotionally. It. But I think all of that is true, and those, those are the things I was thinking about and I'm open to. So,

Unknown Speaker  3:00:11
yeah, how are you doing?

Matthias Miller  3:00:21
Well, I mean, I want an impossible situation. So I want you to be thriving in a role. I want revenues. I want revenues to be up where they need to cash flow to be up where it needs to be. I want growth to be where it needs to be. And I want to be having a fun time doing whatever

Unknown Speaker  3:00:40
I want to all those things too. That sounds awesome.

Matthias Miller  3:00:44
So I feel like, I feel like there's not much I'm fine tabling this conversation. I feel like

Matthias Miller  3:00:58
I'm I'm willing to keep doing what I can, to grow and improve. And the gap between those words and it actually happened, happening is sometimes far longer than what any of us would actually want. I want to do it, even if it's not, you know, anything, maybe some stuff is also discerning. What do I what do I actually want out of my business? Who am I actually And will these things actually ever change?

Speaker 1  3:01:33
Well, I don't know if I'm I don't know. Maybe this is just a silly thought, but I you do. You have a big heart for a business owner. And I do notice that when you bring people on, it becomes part of your desire to to support, and you will even shift some of your thoughts, or, I think, feelings towards things based on, you know, you want to pay Devin appropriately, and you want to make sure that I'm taken care of. And all those things are very admirable, and I appreciate it, you know, and I respect you for it. And at the same time, I wouldn't want it personally to get it, to get you off track of what your fundamental vision is and what your core needs are, because fundamentally, if you build the business that you need, those other things will get taken care of, I think, you know, and so I, I appreciate the consideration for myself and for other people. And also, I think the most important consideration here is, what do you fundamentally need and want and are, what are you trying to accomplish right now? And we just look at it as honestly as possible. Yeah, figure out how to get there.

Matthias Miller  3:02:40
Okay, so here's what I think I'm happy to continue this conversation at any point. Okay, I don't think it's, I mean, I mean, it's probably the kind of thing we'll have to create space for, create time for. And, yeah, if any, zap and happy, make it happen for the sake of quarterly planning. I think we're very clear we have, my My thing is, you know, work with Josh to drive sales, drive cash flow on these projects. Your thing is and, and then your thing is these, these, these additional opportunities, right? And, and then also, how can I provide anybody I have in my network to, you know as potential contacts, and maybe it means some working sessions to get stuff done

Matthias Miller  3:03:33
that's very interesting. I sometimes resist I create working sessions to serve me, but I sometimes really resist them.

Speaker 3  3:03:42
I to prospect for sales.

Speaker 1  3:03:50
I'm going to add, yeah, work with Josh to drive sales. Work with Devin to prospect sales. You're going to work with Audra to get more leads. Yep, this is the webinar and in person, networking. And, I mean, I guess if we boil it down, these are your three core if you do a a quarter page cheat sheet for your desk, this is it, right, am I? Are we missing anything

Matthias Miller  3:04:16
in cash flow, projects. I mean, like projects. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  3:04:23
Okay, oops, there we go. That was there,

Speaker 1  3:04:26
okay, which I would still put at the top, and I think in a relatively prioritized order. This is what they are, cash flow, Josh, Devin.

Matthias Miller  3:04:34
Me, yeah, although you are, you're gonna bubble up to the top, because devin's, I mean, I don't know how to get more people for Devin.

Unknown Speaker  3:04:41
Okay, that is fair. So

Matthias Miller  3:04:45
I think it's Josh, then you then Devin.

Speaker 1  3:04:47
Okay, let's do that. That's fair. Well, and you and I have daily touch points still, so I will naturally bubble up to the top. But I think that's also a fair

Matthias Miller  3:04:56
and even with Devin, we may have to have an honest gum. Patient with him and saying, Look, this, this, you may have to ebb and flow. I mean, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:05:04
expect the ebb and flow, yep.

Speaker 1  3:05:09
Well, and if it ebbs for him and he wants to do things like Instagram and prospecting, then yeah, those would be good opportunities for him to spend that time. That would make sense. Okay. Well, I think we've got a good outline and some good tasks to start putting on the list. We can start on Monday and start working through I guess. Do we need to re record a webinar? Or are you thinking of using the audio that you have? Is it good enough quality to to put some slides behind it and make it a webinar.

Matthias Miller  3:05:44
I mean, if you're not looking to show my face, you could get an audio editor, and, I mean, or even hire somebody on Upwork, or you do it, or whatever. All right, I don't need to figure out how, like, we could listen to the audio. There's a bunch of pops early on.

Speaker 1  3:06:00
Yeah. I can see how well I can clean it up. I've got some basic audio cleanup stuff I've done for various people. Good enough, then I can outsource

Matthias Miller  3:06:12
it. It's in Otter, okay, for Thursday, September 24 Okay. And you can, you should be able to download the original audio.

Unknown Speaker  3:06:23
Okay, yep, let me take a look at it. That'll be something I can start doing.

Matthias Miller  3:06:28
Okay, and then let's talk about how to, how to, here's, here's where I wish I feel like I'm too I don't know what. I don't know what my problem is here, it feels to me like this, this thing here that we did is totally the kind of thing that could be a resource for Devin in the process, but I'm not able to make the connection of what it should be or how it should interact, or a postcard, or a QR code, or a like it would make sense if you if you do this as a slide in A video, and then having a QR code in, an opt in, and putting this in a postcard with a QR code that goes out so that people opt in, or something I don't even know, like my brain short circuiting on what that is. It just seems like there should be something there, but I don't know. Welcome to unclear expectations. So you might have to put a plan together and say, Hey, this is what I'm thinking. Is this what you were thinking? I don't know. Okay,

Speaker 1  3:07:23
yeah, that's fair. Well, hence my hence my leaning towards less stand up meetings, more working sessions. I guess would be exactly for that reason. And maybe we just turn maybe we just do a little bit more problem solving during stand up. I've been trying to keep our daily stand up to quick tasks we can resolve and trying to set aside working session time for everything that requires a decent amount of conversation.

Matthias Miller  3:07:48
Okay, what if we did what if we did this? What if every day, okay, Monday, we have working session nothing needed, right? What if, every day my Flex sales slot starts at 11. What if, Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, we need to figure out how we would have to move Dwayne earlier, which we could do every day at 1030 is it still better at the end of your day? And we talked about that of like, you being able to focus the beginning part

Speaker 1  3:08:28
of the day, oh, yeah, and getting things done, yeah, potentially so. But we could, we could

Matthias Miller  3:08:31
potentially have, like, what if? What if 1030 every day we have a get shit done and done slot. And that's literally, like, that is literally what it is. Yeah, and if you have, if we have to have any stand up, then it happens 15 minutes like we have an optional stand up that we or do we even need stand up at all?

Speaker 1  3:08:53
I think that's a question for you, because usually for me, not so much. As long as we have working session, I know what to do? I don't think I need it, but you like the touchstone. You like the checkpoint. And that was, I think that was always more about you wanting to check in,

Matthias Miller  3:09:09
right? Well, I think the biggest thing for me has been the having a human anchor point. But there's other ways to solve this, yeah, which is, I mean, it could be as simple as calling my mom seven o'clock every morning.

Speaker 1  3:09:35
Makes sense, put like a human anchor point under this strategic stability, actually. I mean, I'm not sure it exactly belongs there, but

Matthias Miller  3:09:43
I mean it's, it's a morning anchor, and I have two morning anchors. One is a 5am Starbucks, okay, which sounds really weird, but it works for me. The other is something, is some kind of human phone call, and it has to be somebody that I know, like I don't. Do? Well, if I don't know, let's be predictable.

Speaker 1  3:10:06
That's fair. I I'd forgotten. But another thing I'd actually thought about with this that could work for me is, if you need an anchor point and we're just sort of talking, can I just, can this just be a walk? Can I just get up and take a walk and do this? Because when I sit in front of my computer and I write things down, I feel kind write things down, I feel compelled to act on them, and so I write down a whole bunch of things that aren't actually actionable, whereas if I can just walk around and we can just talk for our daily stand up. So I mean, I that may may or may not be like logistically, because if I have to resolve things, I have to write them down. But that was another thing I thought about.

Matthias Miller  3:10:39
Well, what if? What if is there? And I don't know how to do this, but is there a here's where sometimes I wish, okay, is there a Should we have a audio only daily stand up, zoom, meeting. Like a separate should we set up a Zoom meeting that's daily stand up video off by default? Yep. And we just, we, it's just a commitment. We're going to be there. And I know it's way easier to call, but

Speaker 1  3:11:15
like so if it turns into a bunch of actionable, actionable information, then it's recorded. And I can it's recorded. If it doesn't, then we just

Matthias Miller  3:11:23
go into otter and and say, Oh, you could have otter AI to get all that if you need to.

Speaker 1  3:11:31
That makes sense to me. That removes My, my, I guess mental block to this is a thing that's going to make me have to do a lot of stuff. I can be your anchor point. We can talk that is fine with me, and then I set that aside and I go get things done. I can do that. That'll work.

Matthias Miller  3:11:47
Here's the other crazy thing you're gonna think. Think I'm real crazy on this one. Okay, I love Walks. If we could do the business engineering without video, which I don't know how we can, but what if we literally just made it an audio podcast, yeah, and that is their 15 minutes. Oh, we're gonna spend the time anyway.

Unknown Speaker  3:12:07
We're gonna spend the time anyway, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:12:11
interesting.

Matthias Miller  3:12:13
We keep it to 15. You walk, I walk. Background noise, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  3:12:19
whatever. Great

Speaker 1  3:12:21
content. Yeah, yeah. No, no, I'm I'm. My wheels are turning. I like that.

Matthias Miller  3:12:29
Think about it. Let's not commit, but think about it.

Speaker 1  3:12:31
I agree. I agree. Well, let's, should we go ahead and do the the Zoom audio only for our daily stand ups and then. So let's just keep our daily stand up as it is, but switch to Zoom audio only. How about that? We'll try that. And then I do, I do like the potential audio only. I guess my wheels did turn on that in the sense that we could do those, we could have them recorded, we can stash them in a place, and they could be supplemental, you know, I mean, or, like other things, we could even use that stuff to generate the scripts for the the interviews we want to do, if you want. I mean,

Matthias Miller  3:13:10
well, I mean, I'm thinking this literally could version. I'm thinking this could literally be the thing.

Speaker 1  3:13:15
It could literally be the thing. And I think it might work like a casual 15 minute conversation podcast type thing. I think could do really well

Matthias Miller  3:13:23
daily. Like, you know, like, I mean, three to five days a week, right?

Unknown Speaker  3:13:30
Yeah, exactly. I think that could work really well.

Matthias Miller  3:13:33
And what I love, here's what I love about it, the only additional resources. I mean, there's almost zero additional resources. It's a couple of hours of Haley's time, Oh, absolutely, yeah, or, you know, two to four hours. But we're spending the time. We're spending the only reason, like, I'm already spending, I mean, let's do the math. I mean, it's, it's, theoretically, I don't even want to think about what it is in true dollars, because whatever. But like, think about the value of my time plus the value of your time. That your time, that we're spending 10 hours a month really for nothing. I mean, it's not for nothing, but,

Speaker 1  3:14:11
well, I mean, I agree it's, it's a, I know I go Just saying. I mean, I enjoy your conversations. I think important things come out of them. But if we were looking purely at the bottom line, we could really streamline that. I think,

Matthias Miller  3:14:24
well, this is a classic. You know how, like, there's people who take asphalt waste and turn it into stuff, like, there's a company and, okay, I promise I'll get back on track after this. But there's a company that does. They're a wood manufacturer, and they take their sawdust and they pack it into bricks for wood stoves, nice and campfires, and they make more money off of the bricks they do on the actual like, it's just insanity, like it's just exploded. I'm like, okay, so how do we take waste and turn it into something valuable? Like, I Okay, yeah, even me. Immediately sleep on it. So whatever, think about it. No,

Speaker 1  3:15:03
that's fair. Well, here's I'm highlighting this. We're going to just switch for the next week or two into zoom, daily stand ups, and then let's revisit this idea. And if it sounds like a good idea, we can start because I really like that idea, so I think it'd be good. Okay, sweet. Okay, so the quarter notes Cliff page I've got is basically just this. Do you need anything more important than this to be your core note, cliff note page. I mean, quarter four priorities?

Unknown Speaker  3:15:31
Yeah. I mean, that's fine, okay?

Speaker 1  3:15:35
And I've got a list of actions and tasks that need to start happening under these priorities, which is all the yellow. We've got a daily stand up change that we're going to make. We've got new calendar guidelines. We've got, potentially the beginnings of this bi podcast idea taking shape. We've got a lot of honest communication out on the table about all sorts of things. What else do we need to accomplish?

Matthias Miller  3:16:11
I don't know. This has been it feels like these get better every time. I

Speaker 1  3:16:16
agree, no, I agree. You're Yeah, digging down into some good, good stuff here, I think. And I'm excited about what could happen this quarter with just this, like I said, relatively short list of stuff, but powerful stuff. You know, if this can come to fruition, this is really getting us somewhere. So I'm excited. Good.

Matthias Miller  3:16:34
Are you? How are you feeling coming out of the end of all of everything?

Speaker 1  3:16:39
I'm okay. I you know, I'm feeling good. I'm feeling good about this list of stuff. I think we've accomplished a lot of stuff. And like I said that, I think I did have a little bit of an emotional shut down there in the middle of our conversation, but I'll

Matthias Miller  3:16:51
be okay. So

Unknown Speaker  3:16:53
I How are you feeling? I'm good.

Matthias Miller  3:16:57
I don't always. I don't these types of things are hard for me because there's not always to me, like a clear. Here's what I love about accounting. It's right or it's not right, it's clear. I know right, and I feel like I generally suck at this, but I really, really appreciate and value honesty, your honesty, seeing myself. I only see myself from my perspective, never anybody else is in unless with, except for the divulge. So it really is helpful. I really appreciate your willingness to engage.

Speaker 1  3:17:36
Yeah, I agreed, yeah.

Matthias Miller  3:17:39
I think I'm sorry the situation isn't the ideal perfect. I don't know that anyone is a or anything is, but I can't I think this is, I mean, this is absolutely true. I've had other people who've worked with you say exactly the same thing. They're like, well, we can't think of anybody who'd be a better cultural fit for working through this stuff than you, and I would echo that. And

Unknown Speaker  3:18:05
oh, well, thank you. I appreciate,

Matthias Miller  3:18:07
yeah, thanks. Well,

Speaker 1  3:18:10
thank you. I appreciate the appreciation. And as always, I same thing. I really appreciate the honesty. I'm always happy to tackle the reality of a situation, even if it's kind of uncomfortable, than to try to be sticking things in places, you know, like trying to put this puzzle together if it doesn't fit. So I really appreciate it. I appreciate the exchange, and that's one of the reasons I enjoy working with you. And I'm, you know, I willing to hang on through all this stuff if it's the right fit to do that, you know. And I think this is a good conversation to be having. So,

Unknown Speaker  3:18:40
yeah, yeah, yep, cool.

Speaker 1  3:18:44
All right, my friend. Anything else? Yes, I'm good. So I'm good, okay, yes, we'll have a great weekend, and we'll have some stuff to hit the ground running on on Monday.

Matthias Miller  3:18:59
Can I throw in one more thought? Oh, of course, yeah. So Alex sherfin is, was did all this stuff. It's not original with him, but, you know, like the, the annual objective that you know, the quarterly gives the specific terms he uses, but annual quarterly, or the the 9090, day 30, day, seven, day, daily kind of cadence, like what he calls it a waterfall. And I don't know if we or the business, is at the place where this makes sense, but should we be looking at saying what parts of this are true for October, and then perhaps on a weekly basis, of like, what are our commitments for this week? And I say this primarily because even things like networking for webinars, I knew I should do it for a few days. I didn't do it until this morning send that or yesterday to send out that first email.

Unknown Speaker  3:19:58
I. Harshly,

Matthias Miller  3:20:03
like, let's just put that as an idea to think about, how can we start taking baby steps towards more of a waterfall on the quarterly objective?

Speaker 1  3:20:14
No, that's really fair. I was trying to find, I don't know if I archived it or not, I have a timeline. I want to say I did that for q1 or q2 and I know I showed it to you a couple of times. I was really just more trying to manage it on a week basis, but maybe it needs to be more collaborative. Do you remember that timeline at all? It wound up falling by the wayside. I think just because of the way we tend

Unknown Speaker  3:20:37
to work. Where did it go?

Matthias Miller  3:20:40
Well, I'm sure if it was q1 then when I gave up on the dealers, everything fell sideways.

Speaker 1  3:20:45
Yeah, no, no, that's very fair. And so I had, I had a I attempted to do that, and maybe I just need to do it a little less. So maybe what I can do next week, or as I'm planning all this stuff together, I can, I can think of it in that format, because I had originally put it together at a timeline view of, like, three months, one month, and then weeks, and then, you know, and we, I was trying to keep track of what we were doing every day to kind of get us back up. And so maybe this quarter is the quarter to read, to look at that again, because this seems simpler to keep track of, first of all, and much more accomplishable. So, yeah, agreed.

Matthias Miller  3:21:20
And then the follow up question with that is, is there a should I consider I have this little tablet running with the pipeline, which actually isn't as meaningful as it is if Devon's pushing that stuff as hard as he is, but is there any world in which it would be useful? I think there actually is to have a Google Doc or something like that, and a tablet that's running and literally, like, have, have the, have this broken down, or maybe it's printed out on a weekly basis, I don't know, something, Yeah, where that's always, always there?

Unknown Speaker  3:21:59
Sure. Yeah, absolutely.

Speaker 1  3:22:02
Well, let me pull up the let me pull up the timeline I already have that I know exists somewhere, and use it as a template to create this, which I, like I said, will be a lot simpler, and you can take a look at it on Monday and see if you if that's going to be what you want, because that's an actual project timeline view. So it's a little easier than a spreadsheet, but I can also totally do it in a spreadsheet that would work. So

Matthias Miller  3:22:25
okay, and then I had promised one, but here's the last one, and this is not nothing to decide on now that we need to but lead and lag metrics. But are there any lead metrics for Disciplines of Execution? I feel like if you look on the execution side, it's one of the most powerful tools, yep, personally. So the big, big, over aggressive goal is, how do we implement 40x thoroughly? That's too big, but what is a wildly important goal? Yep, yep, okay. And what are the lead metrics and what are the lag metrics? But the lead metrics are, could be as simple as we are going to reach out to X number of potential partners every single week to try to get something on the calendar. And that means 13 potential partners over the course of the quarter, October, November, December, we're two months in, so maybe we'll double up, and maybe, maybe some weeks we'll do too, I don't know, but like, like, or maybe it's 10, I don't know, really, yeah, let's, can we? Because that to me, me, me, working those relationships to see if I can land any of those things and potentially bringing Devin alongside. If there's a world, world in which that fits, and I don't know what that looks like, that's like the one thing that drives everything else, I agree.

Speaker 1  3:23:53
Yeah, okay. I think that makes a lot of sense. Lead metrics for the webinar, lead metrics for in person meetings are both just a reach out goal, I assume networking, yes, what can we get on the calendar? And similarly, for Devin, I mean, I don't know what kind of metrics make sense for him, but probably something along those lines, is it again, it's working the pipeline. So there's some sort of achievable metric to be had there, right? And I think that makes sense, yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  3:24:25
Last thing loose ends not to be decided now. But are we going to decide not to do the show up and close?

Unknown Speaker  3:24:32
Oh, right, we didn't talk about show up and close.

Speaker 1  3:24:40
Okay, not to be decided now. Or should I put it on a check, like on a on a stand up agenda at some point?

Matthias Miller  3:24:46
I mean, I'm assuming we've gone, okay,

Speaker 1  3:24:50
we've got 15 more minutes on the calendar. I mean, it depends on if you want to talk about it. I'm up for it. It doesn't seem like it's worth doing. In this quarter, considering, considering our scope now, to me,

Matthias Miller  3:25:07
right?

Speaker 1  3:25:08
Because it's fundamentally targeting a totally different set of people.

Matthias Miller  3:25:14
Well, okay, so let's, let's run the objectives, okay, or the okay. Why would we do it? Why would we not do it? Let's talk about the most obvious reason why shiny object, and we put a lot of work into it, and it looks cool, and we sold one, one of them, theoretically, why would we not do it? Well, for every one of these that we sold, we sold like, 10 to 20 bucks and 10 Sales Team assessments? Well, that's pretty clear. Why else would we do it? Paid traffic would give us more control over lead flow, and we might be closer than we think on it, like maybe it literally would be a matter of turning it on. And there's something on the other side. Why are we not doing it? It's it's fundamentally misaligned with the audience that we're going after. And if we're actually going after decision makers, then why aren't we in a broader audience? Why aren't we pushing LinkedIn? I

Unknown Speaker  3:26:20
Hmm, let's see.

Unknown Speaker  3:26:27
Share. Why

Matthias Miller  3:26:28
would we do it? Because I went ahead and paid for one year membership in Josh Thomas' group. So we've got his input for a year. Why would we not sunk cost fallacy,

Unknown Speaker  3:26:37
Sun cost fallacy? Yeah,

Speaker 1  3:26:38
I'm not sure we've ever gone over this, but I pulled it up for quarterly planning meetings. So here's the last 15 minutes of it.

Unknown Speaker  3:26:44
Did you ever read this? No

Speaker 1  3:26:47
key concepts, healthy but not the best. These are the things that must end healthy but not the best, good things that distract from great things sick and won't get well, people, projects or situations, they show no sign of change or dead. So I would put this into the healthy but not the best category, yeah, and everything that you said,

Matthias Miller  3:27:08
I can't argue with that. New opportunities, healthier dynamics, personal, organizational growth, okay,

Speaker 1  3:27:18
yeah, signs. It's time for an ending. Repeated patterns of dysfunction, lack of progress. Lack of progress, despite time and effort, emotional or physical drain, clear misalignment. Mean, I think you could potentially make a

Matthias Miller  3:27:28
clear misalignment with goals, yeah? Like a practice you can't really argue for, because we haven't taken any critical

Speaker 1  3:27:35
mass Exactly, yeah. I mean, I would, I would argue it's a drain. I mean, not a big one, but it's a drain on potentially making this big momentum leap that we're trying to make. And

Matthias Miller  3:27:48
it's very, not 8020, I

Unknown Speaker  3:27:51
think absolutely,

Speaker 1  3:27:55
yeah, I don't know. That's just what I had chat. GPT Give me this. Get

Unknown Speaker  3:28:01
me that's really cool.

Speaker 1  3:28:03
There's a great it's a great book. It's such a hard thing to do, but it's a really good book.

Matthias Miller  3:28:09
So I have such a hard time reading, but I should, I should not go out and buy it. I should tell my wife to get it for my birthday. There you go.

Unknown Speaker  3:28:21
Audio books. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  3:28:23
I don't know even that. I barely do

Speaker 1  3:28:25
that's fair. Well, I mean, these are the there's a lot of really good stuff in this book, but I think this is still the if you buy into the premise and you don't need convincing, these are basically his his criteria. And I think that makes sense. So create space for new opportunities, healthier dynamics and personal or organizational growth. I think the case to be made is we don't do show up and close because we're making space for organizational growth, right?

Unknown Speaker  3:28:54
Yeah. So, all right, okay, cool on that. Yep, we're gonna say no, no. Okay, cool, all right. Are we good?

Matthias Miller  3:29:10
Here's what I think could happen. What is the yes in it? The yes in it is that the time X ray is one of the most powerful tools I've ever used in in finding low value. Well, high value, high impact time for an individual. But so there's a, there's a there's a sense in which this could so that's the part I don't want to let go of. I think the container is completely wrong, or is is almost entirely wrong.

Speaker 1  3:29:39
Is there any way to is there any way to make it the X ray, the MRI and the CT scan? I mean, I mean, that's silly, but, you know, I mean, you've got an MRI thing going on

Matthias Miller  3:29:49
there, the CRM, CT scan, yeah, the time X ray and the sales team MRI, yeah, there you go. That is hilarious.

Speaker 1  3:29:58
I know it just. That might be silly, but if it fits in with this MRI thing, that would be funny.

Unknown Speaker  3:30:05
So it would be funny, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:30:08
yeah. All right, cool, awesome.

Unknown Speaker  3:30:12
Okay, well, I will let you go. Have a great weekend. Thanks. You as well. Yep, talk to you later. Bye, yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai