Unknown Speaker  04:17
Matthias, Hey, how's it going?

Unknown Speaker  04:19
Good.

Speaker 1  04:22
Sorry, I was running a few minutes late. I'm I have a flaw. I have, like, three sets of earbuds, and I couldn't get any of them to work. So I'm, like, down to the Chinese. I can't even pronounce the name of what these are. But hopefully you can hear me.

Matthias Miller  04:39
I can hear you.

Unknown Speaker  04:42
How's it going? How's it going,

Matthias Miller  04:44
Yeah, good. I appreciate you reaching out.

Speaker 1  04:54
Yeah, man. I mean, look, we're on the group together, and, you know, you and I have some. Similar background and stuff, and probably personally as well. And it's like, you know, what, birds of a feather, it's good idea to stick together. So I thought, you know, if it, I mean, look, there's no, there's nothing veiled under this thing. It's simply, you know, if I can help and things like maybe your intermittent need, I mean, for me, it's, it's one of my superpowers, and so if I can either help you get there therapeutically or otherwise, or we look, I'll call them, we'll do it. And it wasn't to make a joke or light of anything that's going on, but it's just to give you that there's a smoke signal. If there was a way we can help each other on other stuff? Great, let's do it. But, you know, I have no other intention than that, and then just to learn more about you, what you're doing, you're like, off the charts smart guy. So I'm like, Yeah, need to connect with him, because I'm a little disenchanted with round table completely, actually. And I, like, you know, Perry, I've developed a personal relationship with, but, you know, it's just a different move for me to go forward on, not for any other reason, just my opinion on way, not the way it's working for me, but just overall and what I think I could do with it going forward.

Matthias Miller  06:25
Yeah, so that's interesting. So the thing that I was not going to give any consideration to renewing ground table until Perry came back and said, It's time to crank up ambition and it's time to focus on Star principle, which to me is like, that makes sense, but I've, I've probably utilized only 20 to 30% of round table. And yeah, to your point, I've, I've enjoyed my relationship with Perry, I've enjoyed office hours, Star principal in 8020 I value that emphasis. Obviously I haven't attended in person. So to most people, I don't even exist in round table. And then there's a few that you know, yeah, we connect.

Speaker 1  07:19
Can I so would you mind me asking you why you don't come or why you haven't I missed one, if it makes you feel better, but

Matthias Miller  07:26
yeah, I mean, it's been, it's been a bit. Been primarily family. We got my my wife and I, you can, you can call us crazy or bold or, I don't know what you can label it how we want. We went into foster care a year after we we got married, we adopted five kids. We got six kids, 10 and under our youngest, we had our first biological daughter about little over a year ago. Wow. And so you know it's, it can season?

Speaker 1  08:05
That would that that explains it, yeah. I mean, you can't, you simply can't.

Matthias Miller  08:11
Yeah, and so my wife, I mean, my if I insisted on it, my wife would figure out a way to make it, make it work and make it happen. It just, I didn't feel right about doing that this year. So once, once our daughter's past the teething stage, like I've literally not either. There's probably half a dozen nights in the last five months where I've gotten more than six and a half hours of sleep. And number one thing goal for me, we were talking about health at round table, you know, I got a wearable I've been tracking sleep. And number one goal was just, I want to sleep seven, seven and a half hours a night, because that's, that's one of the first things to do for my health. And

Speaker 1  08:58
unless you're one of those wild outliers, you know, that can have that someone, someone put a term on, I think it's all garbage. But these groups of people, very small that can, they genetically, can go on three to four hours of sleep, you know, they name big names. I think it's all garbage. But, yeah, man, I get it well, you know, tell me where you're going or what you're doing again. This, this is all about you, and just where you where you feel. Maybe I could help you or something. I could get you, or do something on the side for you. Let me. Let

Matthias Miller  09:33
me catch you everywhere I'm at. So Josh Thomas is a is a former he used to work prepared way back in the day. He and I mentioned the podcasting in the round table a couple of times, mostly because it was kind of on my mind. I'm I'm doing a micro podcast in the shed industry. So basically getting people on, sponsored by code house, a little bit of a pitch lead magnet at the end. And it's basically a way to quickly build rapport with people and open up the opportunity to have a. Conversation with them about the business, targeting shed builders. December. 1 Friday in December is the first open slot for recordings. I'm planning to focus on The Shed industry. I've got I stumbled into the industry, first client in the industry eight years ago. It's a very small industry, but can

Speaker 1  10:24
you give me that? Can you give me the numbers? Can you tell me? Just give me the give me the players, the numbers, what it looks like?

Matthias Miller  10:30
Well, I think, I mean, there's one public company, tough shed, and then there's most companies are bumping around. I don't know that there's many of any companies who've broken past 50 million annually. And there's people who talk really big talk, but it's all I don't know anyway, and but there's a whole there's probably the different lists that I pulled. There's probably 2500 companies in the US that fit the bill. So it's not huge. I did manage to so there's a handful of software vendors. My background, by the way, I help co architect an end to end. ERP for a single client.

Speaker 1  11:16
I remember that. So, yep.

Matthias Miller  11:19
So, so So there's like, lesson that there's, there's like three or four industry specific software three and so I pulled lists for two major 3d designers, which they embed on websites. So I've got probably about 450 ish decent names. Some of them are, are rent to own companies. Some of them, you know, there's, there's a variety, but there's still some good names in there. The two things I think that would benefit me the most. What is it that would benefit me the most? I get a little bit Okay, so I've been kicking around the idea of a discovery so there's three ideas I've been kicking around. One is the idea of a discovery offer. I just did this with a client, and it's basically like, let me look inside your business, look at your marketing, sales, your end usage, talk to key personnel, and let's go figure out where the dead bodies are buried. And then let's figure out where to go from there. That's a really good initial engagement. I'm not completely sure if I know how to sell it to people, but,

Speaker 1  12:34
oh, I can do, I can do, I could do that with you in two days. That's easy. Yeah, I'm writing everything down, but keep going. I've done it in healthcare. I've done it in surgery centers. I've done it all the way down into some deep bowels. I've done it in the home services space. That's why I know Anthony pretty well. I mean, I just, I know the whole system. And being a I'm a weird animal in equity, so I don't, I don't operate like traditional equity does, but I go into special situations and park money in different places and but anyway, I'm more excited now for what you just told me the last two minutes. I needed to pay better attention. But I don't think you told any of this. You didn't tell any of us about this.

Matthias Miller  13:19
Everything is just kind of like, I don't know, all this stuff keeps bubbling up to the surface, so I don't, I hadn't done any discovery prior to this month, and I'm excited for this, because it could be rinse and repeat, fill out these questions, and then I get a three hour block where I interview key personnel and sort stuff up, and I get a draft and I work on stuff. And, yeah, it's still a bunch of slogging through, but we can streamline it and automate it. Open picks, open the door for by the way, you got a dead body over here, you should deal with that. So the second one is dashboards. So go. What are the and this can actually tie into lead magnet. I'm working on a lead magnet right now about the small method, which is sales, marketing, operations, logistics and finance. And actually, the current iteration is probably too in depth, but it's like, we're go fill in like, impressions, clicks, conversions, conversion rate, and like, go get all your metrics, and then you can look at the whole thing and say, if you're so, if you're passive growth, you should be spending 1.5% revenue on marketing, which is low, but that's what it's like for this industry. 3% is like, that's kind of on target. Four and a half percent, you're in growth mode. And then seven plus percent, you're in market Domination mode. So figure out how much you want to spend on want to spend on marketing, and then go put these numbers together, sales, close, rate marketing. But you know, all this stuff and your target marketing, your target lead cost is x, and that's a number that 99.9% of these people probably have never even thought about, besides just talking. To their neighbor, and being like, like, literally, I have a client here. They have a 20% sales conversion rate, which is 2x what their competitor is down the road. And they're complaining about spending $14 a lead. And I'm like, Guys, this is criminal. You guys can afford to spend 50 bucks a lead with your sales conversion rates, if everything else stays the same, there's no reason you could have doubled probably this year, if you would have had your ducks in a row. And I mean, they had sales, sales people, issues, recent, recent turnaround tech stuff I don't know like, so there's messes to clean up anyway. So dashboard I like because now I get data centralized into a hub, and I also I can look at it be like, by the way, are your sales people booking appointments? Or you have a 3d visualizer on your website? How aggressively Are you calling people back? Because if somebody fills out a form on the website, they expect a call. They fill out a 3d visualizer, you go hound them like a debt collector because they don't have a reason to talk to you, but if you persist, you're going to make contact, and you're going to close deals, and by the way, and then I can have a SaaS component that ties into different CRMs, rather than building the automation into the CRM have an external SaaS component that creates calling tasks for these folks to do the outreach. And now I have a mini moat. Obviously, they could go implement it themselves, but I got a mini moat on some CRM integrations on a SaaS component as a potential upsell. So. And the third thing is basically find another fractional VP of sales and marketing type of gig, somewhere to whatever. But if I can, if I could stack, stack discoveries and feed into some of these other things, either stack discoveries sell dashboards. And I don't know what's appropriate to charge for dashboards. I feel like,

Speaker 1  17:00
what do you want to what do you and I don't want to you've already done all this with Perry, so I'm trying to not ask you the same dumb questions that he's already been dumb questions. Let's talk about it as two business guys that happen to be well educated in the whole info marketing, the business is in the organizing, not the doing all this garbage. Let's just, let's be real. Okay, yeah, so of the when I talked about de risking, there's a lot of ways you can de risk your life, right, to make this thing go. But can you tell I mean, what do you want to what do you want to accomplish with the industry? Here's what I anecdotally know about the industry, because it's not too dissimilar from, you know, you know, the the wide, wide world of home services, stuff, right? Like, what's out there? A lot of, there's a lot of rhyming and a lot of stuff in terms of how the businesses operate. First, what is the the groups that are exit? Well, yes, it's a better way divide. Are there two distinct groups where you've got installers and and sales reps and distribution systems, or is it primarily of the 2500 companies out there, you know, where someone doesn't want to go to Home Depot or Lowe's to buy the shed or the storage system, right? Forget that group. I know they can convert or different things, but how many are the manufacture kind of end to end stuff versus the shed builder? You know what I mean. So I'm trying to originate the business. I want to go at it from both angles so I can understand what the market is. So there's,

Matthias Miller  18:48
I mean, there's two fundamental models. There's a dealer model in the direct sales model, okay, that's why the dealer dealers are. There's no kind way to say it, but they, they are lazy,

Speaker 1  19:02
because it could be, I mean, right? I mean, look what's happened over the last 15 years. Money's been free, well

Matthias Miller  19:09
and, and that's where dealers are down generally. Because I think the only thing you need to Okay, so what do I want to do in this industry? I mean, if you want to talk, you know, I mean, I don't know what all I need to do, want to do, but I want to build that, build some kind of kind of moat entrench myself, network effect, where I can't be dislodged. I think this whole thing is prime, like it's It's dry, it's dry firewood waiting for us, for a spark. And just light a fire of actual sales energy like, how about be proactive? So I'm not sure how that fits in the dealer side. I think, honestly, my pitch primarily is, I think it's going to people who are already in direct. Sales and saying, okay, sorry, there. Let me go back to your original question. Three miles dealer, end to end. We build, we sell, build and deliver. And then there's also a small segment where it's, I'm a direct sales front partnering with a back end manufacturer. And most times, even for entity purposes, it depends. It's not uncommon for manufacturing to be a separate entity. It's not uncommon for logistics to be, you know, delivery guys to be 1090, nines.

Speaker 1  20:36
Do you have? Do you have the market data that shows that this the high level stuff, like, what percentage of the here's 100% of the pie of everyone. Every homeowner that buys a shed that falls is going to fall in one of these, these paths. You know, how they going to get there?

Matthias Miller  20:51
I've never bought any kind of market research on that, but it's just, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  20:56
do you or do you know it? Yeah, anecdotally, anecdotally,

Matthias Miller  21:00
I would say that 60% 60 to 70% are probably dealers, dealer driven, and you know, 4030, to 40% maybe direct sales. I sales. It's probably just about 5% of those that it's primarily the Amish and people like that who would have, who would go outsource the would have direct sales, would have it be outsourced to another company.

Speaker 1  21:38
Okay? And there's 2500 you, you, you essentially think there are 2500 companies that are in one of these three

Matthias Miller  21:47
buckets, give or take. I think that's a lot. That's all it might be some of them. Some of those might be dealers, admittedly,

Speaker 1  21:55
yeah, like, I would think half of that number.

Matthias Miller  22:01
Okay, well, yeah. I mean, I know that. I know there's at least 400 there's got to be at least 400 in the direct sales. It's 450 in the direct sales because, well, less some So there's 450 that I know of with two primary 3d visualizers on their website. And so if you take out a bunch of RTO stuff. It's probably 350 that we know, know are direct sales of some kind. And then there's probably another 50 or 100 janky, yeah, Jury rigged, other stuff. But most dealers wouldn't be paying for their own 3d visualizer.

Speaker 1  22:42
Yeah, no doubt about it. I mean, they, they, that's all top down stuff. They're going to push all that down, right, if you but I mean that, you know. And then back to reality, you know, as far as you know what, what business, and I'm not trying to get philosophical, but it's like, just to understand, you know, how much it's kind of like, if you, you know you're gonna, you're gonna start, you're gonna burn, you're gonna, you're gonna burn some fuel, how much fuel you got to get to altitude before you run out of fuel. Or at least you can get up there and coast that could that that's what's going to determine what you launch off on. There 1000 ways you can go at it. I get it, you know what? Clearly, your big superpower is doing another ERP or some component of that. Okay, well, maybe there's a room for that, or maybe there's not, but the discovery, to me, is probably huge one you can minimize the steps and the gaps, because it's not a big ask. So I think you'll figure all that stuff out. But what, who in this group are you really going to be after? I know who you want, but who, who could you go after, and who could you influence? You know, who's in trouble? I mean, the industry, like you said, it's down, or the the dealers are all down because it's lazy, right? They've got these big fluffy ecosystems, and they've got every media buyer on the planet doing everything from offline and online stuff, I mean, like nothing new under the sun there, right, right, no magic there. So who are you? Who are you going to go after that would use this? Who's going to really benefit from this the most? Because, I mean, there's just the earth moving under a lot of big boys feet. I mean, I'm it's in so in HVAC services and home handyman stuff, there is some bizarre stuff going on that will echo into this space. And because I want to make it meaningful to you, I'm going to compile some info for you as we talk about it, just to maybe help, maybe buttress, or fortify the move you want to make in the direction you want to make. I I think the deal anecdotally here, but I think the dealers drive, there's going to have to be some consolidation. There's just they. Are changing dramatically. I mean, just in the what the homeowner is spending, there's a big ass gap going on, and it's starting, it's starting to ramp up, like exponentially in 2025 and that's across all, all kind of, you know, a durable good factor, if you apply that to the home, right? So it can even be an outside condensing unit. Could be everything from like, yeah, like a shed, all that stuff. So just with that being said, if you'll answer the question to, you know, for me, who is your who is the, you know, Perry always talks about bleeding necks. I don't know if there's a bleeding neck here or not, but who is the group that is most likely going to listen to you, not just for the podcast, they just was going to want to listen to you? I think

Matthias Miller  25:53
it's going to have, it's going to have to be the people who believe in some kind of direct it's the direct sales group. I think the dealer model was, I mean, okay, so there's a segment of the dealer model who know the handwriting is in the wall, but it's, I have not seen, okay, this is very anecdotally, but I haven't seen a lot of people get super hungry about people get really attached to their dealers. Let's say that

Speaker 1  26:24
people meaning the buyers or the actual companies, the territory,

Matthias Miller  26:30
the well, this is very, very anecdotal, but from my experience, once you have a dealer network, the company, the company, feels loyal to their dealers and want to make them succeed, even if they're not, is the classic, you have an employee that you should fire, but you don't, because you feel too loyal and connected to them. There's a little bit of a dealer, so I don't think the dealers, yes, there's a small segment of dealers that are ready to move over into direct sales, and those could be interested in listening to me. But I think the easiest one is people who are already doing some kind of direct sales, and they're just not doing it very well. Don't have decent CRM, don't have like, I mean, some of these folks are just really quite primitive.

Speaker 1  27:14
And you said, what percentage of that is direct sales? Of the percent pie?

Matthias Miller  27:19
Is it maybe 30% I don't know. It's

Speaker 1  27:22
what I thought. Yeah. You thought that's what I wrote down 30 to 40% and that includes direct sales being end to end. The whole thing, right? Just non deal,

Matthias Miller  27:31
yeah, just non dealer, yeah, non dealer sales.

Speaker 1  27:35
So we just, we could call them independent, end to end. Bottom line is, it's a direct sales model that they're looking at. What's the price points on the direct sales stuff?

Matthias Miller  27:46
I've seen numbers range anywhere from about six grand and nine grand, as much as as high as,

Speaker 1  27:52
just looked it up. Yeah, I just looked it up between all the different material types. And I was just looking at, just did some data crap that I can do in private equity. It's just it's consolidating of everything from Allied market research talk on just looking at it, yeah, you're right on. That's what they're saying here. Anyway, this is as of a quarter ago. So, yeah, okay, that makes sense. Got it? Okay? All right. Do you know what the margins on those are? Is it like 30%

Matthias Miller  28:22
Um, oh, gracious, typically, okay, so I, I think here, hang on, I can get something here. I

Matthias Miller  28:44
built on. Let's, let's, let me grab some building I

Matthias Miller  29:08
so the build cost is about 36% of total price marketing people say 3% ish sales seen as low as three, which I think is abysmal, but five or 6% commission is pretty standard. Then you've got logistics coming out of that. And I don't have good insight, it's like a buck or two of my i don't know i I've done calculations. I don't remember what that is,

Speaker 1  29:47
obviously. So if you Okay, so how much burn rate Do you have, and how much do you have to invest in what you're doing?

Matthias Miller  29:57
Just Between Us, no. Know, almost nothing.

Speaker 1  30:01
Okay, okay. I mean, we need, we need to look at this as a, as a, let's, let's just say, Yeah, let's say it's zero, other than what you can put your, you know, 10 fingers on and make happen, which is big, and how fast can we get it to where it makes you money, whether someone sends you a $2,000 check or 20? Well, I think that that's my vote. Anyway, what you go for?

Matthias Miller  30:30
I agree, and I think the fastest way would be work the list of people who have three visualizers and start going down and sell them on, sell them on discoveries. Maybe I'm wrong.

Speaker 1  30:52
I don't think you're wrong. I think that's a part of a bit. You know, the bit, the biggest issue is, is they don't want the hammer, right? I mean, or the whatever it is that they don't want the drill, right, or the tools they want the hole in the wall. So, I mean, they want to sell sheds. That's it, and the faster you can get it to them. Who do you know? Who the lead companies are that are that supply most the leads? So, I mean, there's, I can name four of them off myself, that I know that do home services, which, you know, all the leads are garbage, by the way, but they, they're so stupid, and they still buy them. They don't even rent them. They buy the whole list. It's, it's total joke.

Matthias Miller  31:32
Um, so I'm only aware of there's, there's there's two media buyers, shed geek. Shed geeks have a shed focused agency, the shed app. Does lead gen

Speaker 1  31:54
dealers do it on their own internally, though they don't use an external group. Do they most

Matthias Miller  31:58
dealers are? Well, yeah, it depends on the size of the company.

Speaker 1  32:03
But, yeah, okay, let's just focus on your group. Then let's

Matthias Miller  32:09
most most of them are not sophisticated enough to to be well, I don't know. I'm gonna guess it varies. Actually, I have a good answer. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  32:20
I'm wondering, yeah, how evolved is the direct sales guys when it comes to because we know there are people that are that, they're the same players that show up, whether it's like a shed geek or there's some media, there is some media agency, organism that's there, right? That is, quote, unquote, focusing on, hey, we're experts in this, right? It's in every industry, right? I mean, it's everywhere, right? But they're trying to sell a full blown agency model, which sucks, right? That's the let us rebuild all your marketing assets. By the way, we're just a glorified agency, and we're going to make money on buying your media because we want you to consume. We don't care if it works or not, just consume it. So at any whether it's 2000 bucks a month, right, all in and you're doing $1,000 buy and you're paying them 1000 or it's 25,000 a month, it's all one in the same that's gotta be a problem in the space, which you should take down in your podcast, just as a subject matter thing to start discrediting and pointing fingers at them. Because, you know, ultimately, you could be a big lead supplier if, if it's broken enough, you could be a lead supplier. And you can do that out of the truck of your car. I mean, you can swipe and clean leads because, so just something personal that I got involved with, this is going to sound nutty. My wife's Colombian, and we've got some friends that own cleaning companies and started helping them out just a little bit, just because of the language barrier, and doing my best. I mean, I'm relatively fluent in Spanish, but need help when it, you know, business concepts or whatever. But I took them through some basic stuff that, like you and I know easily, whether we lived in Planet Perry's world or looked at all the other marketing stuff. And they are, they're crushing it. And I essentially just geode, you know, for, you know, just not geo fenced, but I showed them how to Geo and footprint and buy the right household information, and stop throwing rocks and bags and putting them out there or sticking something on their mailbox. And they were getting, I mean, the bottom line is, they do a great job, but everyone saturates homeowners with stuff all the time, and you know, and I know there are five big ways to show up differently for those guys. Yeah, I know you don't want to set up a fulfillment thing and all that mess, but I'm saying there are. I took them through a pretty short list of what they ran with it they're killing I mean. It's like, I'm seeing that same thing in some HVAC groups that private equity group of mine acquire. And they're doing some roll ups on like, big acquisitions, even their marketing, which is done well, they're not looking at the bigger picture on how to really converting a homeowner over a specific period of time, it's always episodic. Get this off. Jump into this membership. Do this now. Buy your shed. All that stuff is just, it's it's B pile, man, it's trash. It's gone. I mean, it just, it's a waste. And the media buyers and producers love it. I mean, that's like the main thing you don't need to do that. I mean, there's, there's so many ways to do it anyway. I like the idea of you considering some of that, even if you're going in to just educate them in a, let's call it a consultant. You know the consultative discovery piece, which is just break everything that they have down and just say, oh, because they know they don't know why stuff isn't working, just as most don't know why it's not working, I like to, I mean, I know you're going to use the law of attraction to kind of pull them in, right? So they'll start listening. Do you believe that this group will listen to a podcast and be interested to figure out, hey, how do I make my business better? I'll, I'll go on YouTube and, you know, type in shed industry, and then I'm gonna, I'm gonna bump into you.

Matthias Miller  36:36
Yeah. So, okay, so two points on the podcast. The point of the podcast isn't getting listeners, it's getting guests, but to the to answer your question specifically Yes. So there's a guy who has moderate background. He's not super savvy. He's just a nice, likable guy that anybody's going to trust because of that, who started a podcast and he's got people asking him do all kinds of stuff that he's got no business doing because they're desperate. And he does have a fairly, fairly good following. So I definitely think, and well, and I don't know how many people do listen to him, but I mean, I've from my work with clients, they've been periodically referencing different podcast episodes and different things that they've heard on the show.

Speaker 1  37:22
So really? So okay, that's good. So you've got, and then you've got a group, potentially, a group of people that. And by the way, I wasn't burning it, I was just saying, it's just kind of that, and you have to, always have to ask your question, you know, do they have the mental capacity? I'm not saying they're all stupid hammer swingers and pickup trucks, but do they have the ability, because I can tell you, the HVAC guys don't. They do not everything you see on there is a total only, it's consumer based problem, episodic issue with, why am I show? Why is this code showing up on my, you know, my thermostat, you know, why is it not doing this, or why does my air handle or not do? That's where the volume comes from, not from anything else. But you've got everyone under the sun starting a an info marketing gig, right? Which I'm not against at all. I actually love the model. I just I think a lot of the info marketing segments are going to fail miserably here over the next two, three years. I think they're all going to drive blow away, because it's like, burned itself out.

Matthias Miller  38:30
It's happening. Yeah. I

Speaker 1  38:33
mean, even the our biggest players in the business, I Matthias, I want to tell you this because we can talk candidly. I bet you have blown 100 grand because I didn't. I don't come from marketing. I'm a business, you know, debt, mez, lender guy in the money world, and I get marketing, but we always pay people to do stuff. And I'm very small, but we do stuff with big people. And once I got into the space, I realized that. And then I got then I drank Kool Aid. Was like, Oh my gosh, that's all I could do. A bunch of stuff doing this 24 years, I can break I've been in 15 different industries. I could break this up and do it any way I want. And then I helped some people and some other masterminds do their own so, like, I got to go test it to figure out how to, like, I helped, like, a home builder guy do it for a home builder network. He's making like, 600 grand a year. I didn't, I didn't ask for anything. But, you know, he's up in North Carolina. He's a great guy. We just, he just kept hitting me up, and we just kept talking, and I was trying to learn it. I was in the same groups. The group wasn't providing that. Um, anyway, I'm just telling you so, like, I'm just as much, like, hate this stuff as much as I'm like, this is some powerful stuff, if you know how to use

Unknown Speaker  39:50
it, right.

Speaker 1  39:52
Do you agree or disagree? Or do you even want to fool with it?

Matthias Miller  39:58
Um. So you mean specifically on the on the online marketing side for these people? Or, yeah,

Speaker 1  40:05
well, not online marketing, just just the information, just aggregating a tribe and selling them stuff, more than just a product of what you're doing, or it surrounds your product.

Matthias Miller  40:22
So I, I, I am so I have been so slow to do anything. I The Have I fallen prey to the idea that would, wouldn't it be wonderful just to sell them a product and have that work? Yes, but realistically, execution, and SaaS and software skills, and even if I do nothing but consult with people and fix their CRMs for a period of time, like that has way more value. So I'm not really, am I? Would I have some interest in, perhaps, you know, if there is a SaaS model, or there's some, some kind of recurring subscription model, and would I be interested in having an informational component to it? Yeah, potentially, but I don't think it makes sense to have it be the primary

Speaker 1  41:14
component, right? What, what I'm doing is, I'm just kind of testing your boundaries in terms of just like, yeah, I get it. I mean, the main focus is how to hit the economic, get on the train and go. But it's like, where does it go? Because, like, as I said, you know, look, I can, we could, if you could slap Okay, let me break it down, something real simple, if you simply put together what the discovery is going to be, what you're going to do, right? We draft up a moderate or long form sales letter. We send a bunch of them out to the top 200 of them. Let's just go check homes on them. And then if, if you need some separate, you know, if you need some separation, and you need to see, like, what I would do, to call them and to start working them up, get them ginned up to do something, just to talk to you so you could do, I don't think you need me, but I would do it, just to show you that it I could do this cold you could give me a sheet of paper. I don't need any. I don't need anything. But that not because I'm that good, just because it's just, it's so open ended. I just have, I just need to ask the right questions to 100 companies that would take a month to do and figure out what's going on, or maybe approach them differently so so you could go do the discovery piece out of the block, and just simply, because know what, you Don't pick up the phone, right? To talk to someone, to ask them for money, right? Do you remember Perry one time saying this, I don't know. Have you been in Planet Perry a long time? I haven't, but have you been you've been in the planet very well. I've

Matthias Miller  42:52
been in there for a while. Okay,

Speaker 1  42:54
so you're fully indoctrinated in all this marketing stuff, right? So there's like nothing, there's nothing that I could tell you that you don't already know about

Matthias Miller  43:02
the market. Everybody needs to be reminded of fundamentals.

Speaker 1  43:05
Yeah, this is all fundamental style, like, this is super basic, like, just the, you know, the gap and the ask. I mean, all of that showing up differently is probably, like, appealing to these guys. May appeal to these guys a little more, and so that showing up differently would look like, you know, you not showing up as is. Let me find your problems. I'm going to tell you about them and tell you where your bodies are buried, so then you can find out how to spend money with if you looked at it as, here's how I would do, and this is me, and we could come up with something different, but, and it's to be truthful, but, you know, I'm in this, I'm in this special, situational equity world. And hey, look, I, you know, I'm not out buying all Am I out to buy your whole company? But I'm out for looking for, you know, green shoots and investment opportunities. Maybe they're JVs, so we're not looking to come in and raid your place. But, you know, growth trajectory is important, and approaching it from a, you know, as an investor, we kind of look at this, and as an investor in shed companies, we look at this. So if Matthias is a fundless sponsor, right? And he and they wouldn't know what that means, but it you wouldn't say that. You wouldn't use tech terms. But if you know you're an investor, is the bottom line, whether you like it or not, you are you're looking to develop a product. You're looking to develop, whether it's another ERP, whether it is a fractionalized system, what I'm looking at doing is investing in you. And here's the problems and things that we're seeing out there. What are you seeing? Because we're looking to make those investments and. Income in your company. For instance, you know this, we'd like to get some folks on board. We'd like to make the investment first and get the conversation going there, and then start doing the conversions. Because either way, even if you come up with one dashboard, you've got to go give 50 of them away. Anyway, you should give, I mean, go in and do nothing but give away, like you said, your lead magnet. But don't say it's a lead magnet to go do something else. Say we've got this system. I mean, dude, you I know you know this, but I feel, I feel stupid like Ty you got already knows, Chris, take this. You know, this is a, we've got a $3,800 product dashboard system that goes out here. You know, what we're looking to do is we're looking to integrate this in now so you can take a look at the system, and we're here to offer it to you. There's no string attached, nothing attached to it. We need some feedback. Really, what you're looking to do with the feedback is to simply convert them into discovery, but shorten everything on the Dashboard right. Run this. I bet you half of them are or more don't even implement the dashboard. It just gives you a conversation starter to get on the Discovery call. Like, if you could whip out something, if you can whip out a diagnostic tool that only you would know, that they know that you know the industry, that you could say that's really the defend rather than thinking about from a product just saying, you know this, we're going to implement this tool in this bigger system. You know, lot of people are going to be converting to this. We're talking a lot, but you know, we'd like to be able to offer this to you. Now, can we talk to you about it and just talk to him about it and open up the door there. But, I mean, get like, super specific on that piece, then move them into the I go in the same conversation. You could probably move a bunch of them into a discovery, because here's what it's there for, right? And since you, you are the ERP, man, you don't have to go pay anybody to go do that. Is that an option and then convert to a discovery sale? Okay, so

Matthias Miller  47:12
let me talk it back to you. Make sure I understand. I'm not quite sure you're going to grow a different space. I'm not sure I understand the investment side, but the basic idea is, hey, look, I've been, I've been working with sales teams. I've been working with systems. Everything's all over the place. Nobody knows what's going on and and many times things are broken in sales marketing. Nobody knows exactly why. And so, so I am, I am wanting to invest in you. I've got this tool that would like to install to help. It's like, the, it's the crossing industries, but it's like the little thing you plug into a car to say, Hey, what are the codes on here? Yeah,

Speaker 1  47:52
yeah. No, I know the Yeah. I know the three letters, yeah, okay. And

Matthias Miller  47:58
this is, this is the thing we're going to plug into your business, and you're going to get live. Live dashboard reporting and, and we're going to be able to use that to diagnose exactly what's going on in your business.

Matthias Miller  48:17
And, and this is my investment in, into, into why? And I guess I'm not sure where it goes from there then,

Speaker 1  48:24
well, I would recommend that you think about it as not because that still is a big ask, right? This is that's no different than the financial advisor that says, come on in for the free steak dinner, right? You know that. You know that story. You know the story behind that. Well, no go. You need then you need to hear this. So financial advisors and I have invested in several different groups and RIAs and all the whole garbage. The dumbest thing they ever do is they go, you know, they get, you know, Ma and Pa to show up into one of these, these seminars, these steak dinners, right? Because they want to get financial planning. It's usually done by lawyers with a financial planner. They have all kinds of ways. They mix them up together. The bottom line is, they want to get grandma's trust, you know, wills trust in the state work. And then the financial advisor wants to be able to take their, you know, their 401, K or or get a hold of their, you know, their IRAs, and figure out how to manage it all for the right? I mean, that system is massive, like it's, it's hilarious, and I'm the only people that make money in that business are the marketers. So the the gap, and Dan Kennedy used to talk about this, the gap in that space, because he worked with a guy named Matt zagula that he used Dan, he paid Dan, Dan Kennedy's for his name, and they did it like a book and like he built a massive infrastructure out in Virginia showing advisors how to do all this stuff. That's why I was thinking of the info marketing thing for you. But the whole thing is that gap to ask to me is so big with you're asking them to Dan Kennedy's. Say you're asking them to undress themselves financially, right? That's just too big, and they still, there's so many ways to change that. So what I'm saying is to apply that rule. Because if you say, Look, we can show you all these things that are wrong in your business. Here, here, the you know, here, the trouble codes. That makes total rational sense, but these boneheads don't, they can't deal with that. So what I'm saying is is, let's rather create a tool, a diagnostic tool like that that only talks about the gas getting to the engine right. So something that can be simple, that because all they've got to be worried about is, how do I make I got to sell more sheds. I gotta sell more sheds. I gotta deliver more sheds and install more sheds. And I don't know if there's any servicing component or whatever, but I gotta do that. All they're thinking about is that. I I'm sure they've got, maybe they got so much business, I doubt it. I can't whether it's the length of the sales cycle. Hey, if you're getting your leads or something, what do you mean you got you can buy leads for, I mean, who knows, but if you have some tool, you know, whether it's a shell or not, that is diagnostic in in its endeavor, but what it's really saying is, hey, it's, we have a diagnostic tool that you know, that can show you what's going on, why you're not getting the sales that You should get, and it has, you know, unique components to it. And I'm not trying to be trickery here. I'm just saying because I don't I'm not a tech guy. Like, I don't understand tech at all. So I don't even have, like, a Facebook account, so, like, I don't get it. So if you'll connect to that, so they mentally, the business owner guy is only going, okay, cool. So a diagnostic tool that's kind of pointing me the direction of why I'm not either why, why not using the word converting or anything, just why I'm not closing more deals that to me. Now we both know that there's lots of plug in pieces there that could go behind that that only you know.

Matthias Miller  51:58
What if? What if we flip it a little bit? What if it's just as simple as, look, most people don't know if their agency is doing a good job. Most people don't know if their salespeople are doing a good job. And we just want to give you a dashboard that that lets you get the most out of

Speaker 1  52:14
you can. But I'm saying, remember that I'm trying to go for the quick the first thing that's going to be like, because you gotta think of all the objections and all the negative things they gotta put in their head before they even got there. I'm talking like, I like what you said, basically, that OBD, whatever that thing is, called that little thingy, that little little thingy that's like a wizard, and it the reason you desire is because this is the beautiful part. I mean, you've already got, you've already built, you built this massive infrastructure for the industry. You're the expert. Done credibility, done easy, done nothing to import over. We don't buy any credibility. You're done like, that's the hard part. It's just this little thingy. That's what it does it. I would rather you, you not talk the word agency and just, and I know we're getting into copy speak, but just sure the thing that makes them go, let me talk to them. Just let me talk to them. Because the goal is, if you could, you write something and code up something that could basically be a live version on this dashboard and be ready to roll this thing out in a couple of weeks. I mean, could you not just bang that thing out? Do it?

Matthias Miller  53:25
Okay, the

Speaker 1  53:27
pack, I'm not saying what you're saying is wrong. What I'm saying is, is just strip the tech part out, and let's go straight to the psychological part. You know, these guys don't care about anything else, so

Matthias Miller  53:39
this is just the Alright, let's go find the real word for the what do you call the diagnostic plug? I

Unknown Speaker  53:48
think it's an OBD,

Matthias Miller  53:52
yeah. OBD, yeah. You're right on board diagnostics. So, so it's as simple as, okay, and this is my fundamental problem. Side note, I've been in marketing for forever. I've been in close big deals, but I also have very opsi techie engineering mind that sometimes gets in the way of things like this. So the basic pitch is, hey, I have an OBD that we can plug into your business. And like, boom, it's just going to show us. It's just, it's going to show you where the opportunity is in your sales marketing can tell you what to do.

Speaker 1  54:28
It's going to tell you what's going to tell you what you do. That's what they want. These are, you know. These are your and I know, I know you. You know infinitely more than I do. So I'm trying to tread carefully and not say things that are kindergarten stuff. But this is kindergarten. Okay, listen, we

Matthias Miller  54:46
I need kindergarten stuff, because when it's in my world and I I'm in my perspective, it's exactly what I need. So don't hold back on kindergarten stuff. You're not insulting me.

Speaker 1  54:56
You just these people are there. It is. Is 90% I gotta make more sales. I don't care what environment we're in, and they want to know why they're not making more sales, but what they don't want. So I built a 300 a 300 unit network in MRI and imaging, and I didn't own a single center, not because I'm smart. I figured out how to do something wicked with insurance claims. So we built out, I mean, I only have a staff of four people, and I did this with the same four people that I have. And what we did is we went, it took two years to do it, but basically it was all about the referrals. Like how referrals work when you have to go to imaging, whether it's for oncology, orthopedic, or whatever, someone's got to look in you for something. And so the way I divide it up, and how I kind of manage that whole process, was the system that I used to do it, and I had to pay a program, or like a truckload of money. I didn't have any ownership of any of them, but I had. I controlled the front desk, I controlled the gatekeeper, and I controlled that whole piece, but it was all about the radiologists that own those centers. And I went to only independent centers. Most are not independent. So I defined those first and all those independent physicians. It's two or more radiologists that do two things at night. They're reading they're doing what's called overreads, and so they're reading hospital reports and getting paid 150 bucks an hour. Sucks to be them. Then they're trying to make 300 bucks every time that magnet turns on when they put a patient through. And then read those and then set a separate set in that space. All they cared about, and these are big operations, all they ever cared about other than the helium that needed to show up to run those things. They were worried about getting more MRI orders in. And this is a complicated enterprise, and I figured it out not being a tech guy, but I had to instruct a tech team exactly in, like white boardy stuff to get them there. And that took the longest. But the point, the point that I got in front of which is, you want to get more you want to get more orders in, and it's copywriting, but it was get more orders in per day with higher reimbursement rates. And I simply implemented that. They didn't care what was behind it. They had to, trust me, they had to get there. But the same applies here. No, no. There's no other thing that matters, especially to an independent dealer or independent and then group. I don't care who they're, they are in an independent shed provider, outdoor shed provider. I'd rather bulk them in that. That's what they want. They don't want anything else. And I will go do my homework to confirm all that with you, and I can get D I got a lot of contacts and a lot of places, I can find out a lot of stuff about the industry. I like that. I like the industry overall. I mean, it's interesting. Sounds like it's broken from what you know. And if you think this is the biggest opportunity on where to go. I'll put time into it to help you, just as another, you know, another brain and a set of hands, you know, to help you push stuff through, or maybe just help, help you validate stuff and whisper in your ear or sell on your shoulder and tell you stuff. That diagnostic tool needs to be that simple, and it only needs to say that period. I mean, we can dress up the copy and go bananas, but you cannot. You cannot. I am so, oh, I remember, I rabbit hole that. So the big thing with healthcare is there's all this stacking in in the software systems. And whether it's, I call that, there's either anticipatory, so there's anticipatory software systems, whether it's patient leads, scheduling didn't show up. Go build them because they didn't all this stuff to managing the patient once they're actually in the clinic service line, which is whatever they're going to do, or the doctor they're going to see in there and be treated. And then there's the either post clinical, post operative, sets of events the patient has to do, stay compliant with them to get paid from an insurance company or and, or for the patient to get better, depending on the, you know, the whole care plan. So point being all that stuff. They're all overwhelmed. And the physicians are like, You know what? I don't care. They don't care what they put it on as they put it on, the administrators, the gatekeepers, the clicks, or the mid levels, which are high, you know, high functioning, you know, practice group. They make money for the practice because they're billable. And then you've got the med techs, which are like slaves. They're like indentured servants. And they hate it. They hate their jobs, and they will do anything to break it. So there is a deep version of that in this same thing. And as the owner, the owner doesn't want to implement anything else. He doesn't want another QuickBooks plugin. He doesn't everyone's got something else they can tack on. This is just boop up it. There's the data, and it tells you what to do. There's nothing. That's it. And. So if you go into all the things that it could do, they're going to walk away from you, because, to me, this is nothing but a tent to drop a tent stake in there. So then you can go do because they all got set wrong with them. They've all got that's with the whole point of doing a $5,000 discovery. I'll clean this up. It's five grand. Will be in and out of here in 60 days. I'm going to give you a plan to do it, Matt, you know, Matthias goes right into systems mode, he bangs it out, and then when he gets sick of that, then we're going to be back here again after you made some money, and you're going to be like, Okay, well, what am I going to do now? Now I've got a tribe. I got people paying attention to me. I'm overwhelmed. I can only do so many of these. I'm making, you know, 20 grand a month, 30 grand a month. Bills are paid. I'm good. I'm paying my assistant. I'm above water. I now have no extra time. So now, how do I reorganize this? That's where you're headed. Yeah, you'll be making money in 60 days. I mean, 60 days, I hope you do it. It'll be fun. Well, I'll have a good time. It'll be fun.

Matthias Miller  1:01:03
Alright. So, so priority numero is build the onboard device, lightweight, lean, mean, and get it done.

Speaker 1  1:01:14
It with, with, with, with jaundice. I You must do. You must build that thing so that it, it's kind of like, not even like MVP stuff. I'm talking like this needs to look like it can maybe take some how is it going to come in? I mean, the only you can answer these things, what's the easiest way to get the info in? Right? So it says what you say it will do on the out that really only speaks to the discovery. That's it. That's what it's going to do. It's not a trick to have to put another key in to get the next E code or get the next light code, but what's going to happen? You got to get because all you need to do really, you don't need that thing to worry. I don't mean this the wrong way. That doesn't really need to work. They're not going to execute no matter what it does. You need to see the data and go, you know, by the way, we're plugging in your data when you send us that spreadsheet, should we address this first? Or here I'm plugging it. I mean, it's going to say this. Should we address this first? Because you're going to go in, what are the top five things that you would that you know are going to show up in a discovery day? I should have asked you this in the very beginning without going rabbit hole everywhere, what are they going to be? Because you know what they are. I mean, might as

Matthias Miller  1:02:35
well just tell me. Well, I mean, they have a Sierra internet for maybe 90% they have CRM. They're not using it right. CRM is disconnected from from sales and having proper close tracking. They don't have any kind of dashboard really, genuinely, to know how their salespeople are doing. They don't know how much they should be paying for lead. General dissatisfaction. This is more about where they're at, general dissatisfaction with their agency, and they think that there's some silver bullet that is keeping them from succeeding.

Speaker 1  1:03:12
And then you'll fix what's, what's the absolute middle of the fairway, end to end. Outdoor shed, independent group. What do they look like? How many employees? How big are they? Just give me the basic give me great. Give me small, give me small, medium and large. And in the 30% group that we're going to focus on,

Matthias Miller  1:03:33
well, okay, so small. Small is like one to 2 million. They've got one to two sales guy. They should probably just have one sales guy. They probably have two. They've got three guys in the shop, maybe a secretary or an admin. You get up to four or 5 million. They've got, again, two or three sales guys depending, well actually two to five sales guys, depending on how good, how good they are. Again, admin is now doing finances. What admin finance? Whatever. They go to GM. They've got maybe half a dozen to a dozen guys building in the shop. Then you're, you know, next up 10 to 30 million. That's, that's big in this space, you've got about that many salespeople, depends how good they are. And, I mean, it's everything mostly multiplies your internal media buyer probably. But you know, you don't gain that much efficiency. I mean, there's, I'm sure there's some efficiency with scale, but I don't think it's just dramatic, like you can't build four times as many sheds with twice as many people.

Speaker 1  1:04:50
What if you do? You think any of those companies would. To be interested. If you and I'm just, I'm trying to put some lift behind what you do in the first 90 days here, while you get me to get it to, like your first check comes in in 30 days. Let's say, if you were to say, look, this is what I do. I mean, let me just let me not dress it up. If you could bolt on a that you, you you have a you have a partner, say it's me that, or you have a consortium of private equity companies, a couple that are have been actively pursuing strategic investments in the space you know for growth. Would that help you have you know better conversations with these people if you call the 450 people that you say you that you've got in your database right now. I'm assuming they're all in that independent shed group. If you call them and said, Hey, this is something that's going on, would that, would that be of interest to them, or would that help you have conference better conversations?

Matthias Miller  1:06:18
I don't know if it would, and I have a good answer for that. I know there's acquisitions going on in the space.

Speaker 1  1:06:24
Oh yeah. I mean, there are, there are, I mean, I just looked, but they're bigger. I mean, they're, they're, they're strategic investments in financial, what's called, you know, the footprint investment stuff they're doing. There's not a lot of them, but there I just looked at, just industry wide. I'll figure out more. Okay, um, let me, let me ask it another way. If you work with a lender, a specialty lender that you know that focuses on home services and shed industry people right to help them grow their operation or whatever they provide capital for that, would they be interested in thought, would you have better conversations with them if you, if you had that,

Matthias Miller  1:07:05
it's possible, but I don't know, and I'm

Speaker 1  1:07:11
looking just anecdotal. I mean, I'm not definite answer, but I'm I'm also thinking of something you could bolt on to what you're doing with this, where I could help you with that. It may not be needed at all. I mean, I think it's perfectly fine if you'll just go build, you'll go build a tool. And how do you feel about me pitching you to the associations the shed and various associations these people all a part of and we grandiose you a little bit. And I just, I can pitch you. One thing I'm very good at is as large groups in those spaces. I know, I personally know how to get in front of them with nothing I could do the same with you. And just as a rep, you know part of what you know your, you know, your your team, get you in front of those guys, so you could get up there and figure, or, you know, virtually, or get stuff out to them. I know you know that, but I'm just, I'm just reminding you that that's something that's got to happen. It's simultaneous with, like, getting the list of these people, 450 is a good start. Get the rest of them. Do we buy the rest? I mean, I'm sure we can get the rest of the data. That's not hard. I mean, what's that going to cost? Couple

Matthias Miller  1:08:31
grand? Do you know where to get the rest of

Speaker 1  1:08:34
the data? It's not directly available, but I know how to compile it. You basically get it from three or four different data sources, and you turn it into one, and then you have a company. But yeah, I know how to get it. I can work on that for you, if you'd like,

Matthias Miller  1:08:49
yeah. I mean, I think we can absolutely pilot 400 is a good number to print through. I guess in the grand scheme of things, I'm still thinking like, am

Matthias Miller  1:09:17
I completely crazy for saying that this could be As simple as, okay, let's we have the OBD, and it's just simple as calling up these guys. The only thing that has me a little hesitant talking about some of the stuff that's happened has been, you know, kind of FDC and and phone sales, phone conversations. But my last client was up 32% over previous year based on square footage sold, yeah, my last client based on what we did with them and and that becomes kind of FPC flag, but if I tell them that this other client was getting you. Hitting all these leads, and they weren't able to reach him. And I got them, I get them talking to these leads so they can close in and, and, you know, you figure out the rest of what happened. And just asking them, Would you be open to some ideas on, on how to grow sales for your company? And, and just straight, well, sorry, just start, start with that. Straight up. Ask them, would you if they would be open to some new ideas? Open to some new ideas? And just tell them, I have a little tool to plug in that that will tell you exactly what you need to do to grow sales. Would you be open to taking a look at that?

Speaker 1  1:10:33
I'm not against that at all, if that's what you want to do. Here's my concern. Is, you know, the moment you you put your flag in the sand and say, I am a a SaaS company. You've got to build it, manage it, fulfill it, be everything in anybody. And you're going to have to sink some money in to make that happen, even if you're doing it all yourself. You're never going to pull that off alone. You're gonna have to have a couple people help you do it, and you're gonna spend money to do that, and if you're prepared to do that, do it. But I don't get the impression that you want to do that or can do that right now.

Matthias Miller  1:11:16
So I mean, but I'm not proposing a full, full on ERP, I'm just proposing a lightweight OBD, and some

Speaker 1  1:11:23
it's still, it's still a standalone it is a, it is a, is a system, a system that has to be managed, that it has ticket support, that, I mean, all that stuff, that you gotta do all that. And at the end of that, the moment, you offer that, right, and there's some price, and there's some free trial whatever you do to pull them in there, and you can do the whole area galper thing, right? There are little games play with the word choices and all that. That's fine at the end of the day, does the economics? Are there economics to support where that's going to work for you? For you, I'm like, I'm only focused on, I hate to be like a NAT, but it's like I'm being very short, you know, short burst get to dollars, not I'm in a same boat with regard to, I don't everything I'm touching, dude, everything I'm touching, it requires me to go hire 10 people, go do this infrastructure that I don't want to do it. None of us can find people that want to work. All my buddies can't, like they're trying to partner with me. I'm now being asked to go step into, like, see roles and some businesses and I mean, I can go do that. I don't want to do that. I mean, I can't. I can't manage. I haven't worked for anybody ever. I mean, it's like, this is horrible. I could, I would, if I had to, but all these things, how do my question is simply, how do I do what I I'm going to continue what I'm doing as a I call myself a one man band, but I have three support people that help me. I have a lawyer that works for me full time, that does anything I ask, that's also a business guy. I've got an assistant, kind of like you do, and she's remote. She lives in Atlanta, and I'm north of the city. And then I've got an underwriter, financial guy, same thing that is on the west coast that we come together. They've been with me for a decade. And then I can pile up anyway. Everything I'm looking at requires me to do. So I've eliminated pretty much anything, the investments and things that I'm making, the funds that I run, see that I have access, I mean, I invest, but I have access to, you know, the funds and but it's all debt funds, mezzanine funds, and all that stuff. And I can do all that. And I can just go run around and go be Chris, the private equity guy, the non traditional private equity guy, for the rest of my life, and go do all that, but that's not and I won't bore you with this, but like, I think we're in for a real rough ride over the next three to 10 years. And so I don't see the deals. I can't traditional equity is going to get murdered, and I can't lose people's money. That's why I've been like a lender guy. So point point being, how do we do any of this stuff that isn't going to first say, Okay, well, yeah, it starts with me, and then I got to grow a bunch of people. I don't know, I'm being a whiner and complainer, but I don't know. You know, can you manage that gap. What a bunch of people jump on board. You gotta run it. I still see the money coming. I think what you're doing is, the minute you you do that, this is what I should have said, drop the flag in. I got a system, big or small, short or tall. It's a system that's got fulfillment support all this stuff, whether it's 10 people, whatever, you're going to be burned out, and then you got to backfill it, and none of that's going to turn into money. And then when you try and change their focus to say, well, by the way, I can do this discovery day. We can do a consulting adult piece, I think what could piss them off is where you everyone, everyone wants to implement a stock, if you're. Properly capitalize. And you go and offer a software system, which I'm 100 I like the business. I just think it's a suicide mission for a lot of people, is they go in and then you've gotta, you know, you got, you gotta economically underwrite it to I gotta give it away for a long period of time. You have to, it's totally volatile. And then you pray you're going to get the continuity and the MRR off of it. That's why all of them fail. That's why equity runs from it now and they don't do it anymore. Very few do it. Actually do it, unless the founders have put in millions of their own money, even then they're buying the platform for pennies on the dollar and then putting the money into the marketing and the back end admin systems to do it, even at a small scale. If that's what's happening, go call a bunch of them, and they'll they'll tell you to say, I can introduce you. People do the same thing. So if you do any version of that, any kindergarten version of that, it will I know, I think you can get it to work even we can look at the data to support that. But that puts you in a in a much more volatile position, and you have no idea where it goes, whereas I'd rather you just have something that converts directly to a discovery, and it's not that challenging them. For them to the goal is for the discovery and for them to pay five grand to go. I mean, I'm just making up a number. They need to pay 5000 bucks. And I do not believe the line of size to go, I'm an I'm a discovery guy. Let me show you what's wrong. Pay me 5000 bucks, unless you're going to completely we can play the whole game with the de risk game, and say it's it's zero. I will come in and tell you everything that's wrong, and I will show you. I'll give you the what, but I'm not going to show you the how. And then you can pay me 5000 bucks. You could do it that way if you want. You know that you know that routine. I don't know if you want to do that or not. I love the idea of you putting a tool now. You could do a tool with that de risk and just simply, but I'm doing a version of that with I've, I've, I'm just basically looking at businesses where I'm going to go in. What I'm looking for is, what can I change? If I can take a guy that's got a 20 year business shed, this is what I do, the shed guy, okay, you're in this market, you cover this area, you're, you know, three to $5 million operation. What you need is you don't need me to buy 40% of your company, because you're you're no When have you ever wanted to be told what to do? Never, and you don't want to rely on someone else. Got it. So what we're really looking at is an episodic, a joint venture scenario, where you need to roll out more deals. You don't want to put the money in to roll out more deals, whether you don't want to buy software, you don't want to buy leads, you don't want to buy you don't want to pay an agency, you don't you don't want to manage any of that. So what I'll do is I'll come and invest this. You're doing this amount of money. I'm going to take this percent just revenue economics. I'm gonna take a royalty, a revenue royalty, off of this. Get my money back. We'll reduce it down to this, and then you can buy me out or whatever. I don't own your LLC. I don't own anything. I have more people talk to me about that. And let me tell you where I tested it. I did it in Round Table, and I offered it free. I didn't say free, but I just said, Look, I'm here. And I did. I'm here to help. I don't. I'm lost myself. I don't know what I'm doing. And I'm true. I am. I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm 51 years old. We're going to do. Anybody that has a real business in Round Table has come to me. Everybody else in Round Table has made a lot of money in marketing, and they have no business because, you know, I paid a truckload of money to do round table, and I'm assuming they paid that, or maybe less, or maybe they're, I'm sure they do work deals. But if they've paid what I've put into the whole Perry world, I put a lot of money into it, so they're not going to be there. They don't have businesses, not because I'm a jerk, a private equity guy, but I'm a business guy. That's I'm a business guy looking to make operational investments and not own the business, but accelerate something you're doing the same thing. So I'm talking, you know, so Jim and I are talking very seriously about doing a franchise system with his business we're in, we're in deep discussions now that that's gonna be a larger check than I would normally write, but it's one that that I'm committed to doing, and I'm just sharing this with you. You know we'll all, I'm sure he'll disclose it all later, once we get there, but just letting you know, and I'm gonna tell him I told you about it. And then there's two other amino Anthony, similar version of that, not because I have the answer, but you're doing a similar thing. You could look at doing a similar thing as let's go in either completely de risk. Would you consider doing this? There's an economic way to do this. So if, if I'm you, and I go and I say, Okay, well, I'm looking to make strategic deals investments, whether by software or otherwise, it would cost 20 grand to go do this. I'm willing to make, you know, I'm willing to make the investment there to go in and fix this. Can we share a percentage of the revenues? Off the top of this? There's 1000 ways we could rewrite that, that could simply that. No, no. Well, I mean, I could charge a flat fee to fix all that stuff. We could make it operationally be any, any way that you want. What we know is that you could, you could figure it out, and you know, you're, you're, both parts, you're lethal, you're you're marketing, and you're an actual systems guy that knows how to develop them and actually deploy them. So to me, some version of that offer, that's what I did it. I didn't do I didn't set out to do it that way. It just happened. I just wanted to help. And I just what contacts who do I know. I'm like, okay, we can do this, this, this, this, this, and throughout the year, people have been calling me all year in our group, those the only three real businesses that are there. When I when I step back and look down, I was like, nobody else has a real business. I don't mean that in a derogatory way, just they don't have a business, right?

Matthias Miller  1:21:23
So by the way, it's how much time you have.

Speaker 1  1:21:30
I'm fine. I mean, my wife knocks on the door. I mean, I'm fine. So

Matthias Miller  1:21:33
let me wrap my head around this. So, so okay, that offer makes sense once I'm past the de risking phase, right? Or is there

Speaker 1  1:21:45
you can it's your company. It's you do whatever you want. I'm just trying to figure out the most efficient, direct way for someone to want to have the conversation with you, to hire them. You'll sell them. Once you're in there, that's not you'll figure out what's going on.

Matthias Miller  1:22:02
Okay, that's that's, to me, what the podcast will do.

Speaker 1  1:22:06
But the problem with the podcast, here's the problem I have with your podcast. I don't know the format. I don't know it is like it, it's like an amoeba, and all of a sudden, the Wally amoeba breaks. It isn't every the these owners are going to want something special. They're going to want something all their own. I think it's fine for broadcasting and sending out a dog whistle, or whatever you want to call it, for people to get attracted to be, you know, and he's a guy. Everyone's a no, like no, like truck. But there's one of these interview you're going to interview them. I know what you're doing,

Matthias Miller  1:22:42
all right? I'm not wrapping your head around my head around with so

Speaker 1  1:22:53
I'm not saying not do it. What I'm saying is, is that's what everyone else does. I was, a I didn't do a lot of it, but I helped some folks out that were running it wasn't investable, but they set up different than they called them independent radio networks. And what they were, they were high priced consultants and accountants and specialists that would do interview style, you know, play the round of golf, and then they like you so much they end up hiring you to do work. Right what you were doing? You're like, hey, you know, I have this radio show, and the problem is, just like a podcast, you have four listeners, nobody cares. So they consolidated it, and you would join in this network. And I can't remember the name of the network. It's a business network, and it's a broadcastable So, like one you'd have the feeling of going into a radio studio, right? You do this interview with this person that is really cloaked. They're cloaked as an interviewer, but what they really are is they're out seeking business. It's a great way to do business, sure, and then you get to ask, you know, it's all about that, you know, asking the questions and talking through it, doing all this stuff and just working with people that way so they like you. That is a long tail deal, and you gotta get a bunch of people to pay attention to you, and that takes a lot of time. Meanwhile, you know, oil is burning at night. I'm not saying don't do it. I just think it takes a long time to get it up and get it going. I looked at many ways to do it, helping people do it. I did it in the radio space. I also know this, you know, stuff you could buy to kind of buy your way into that and do that, because then you can invite them on, right? Hey, I'm such and such. I'm inviting you on the show. You got a company like this, it's attractive, right? You get their ego. But if you've got, unless you go buy a bunch of listeners or a bunch of podcast watchers, which all those viewers are available and for sale, you can pay those dark, you know, the dark people, to fill up your channel. I think Google figured out how to blow your channel out if you do it. But I think there's some companies that do it that don't. But. Hey, I got, you know, 25,000 people to pay attention to it. Love to have you on once they get with you. Well, it's easy because you're incredibly smart and like, you know how to talk to them. You speak the language. You speak the tribal language. You know the problems. You know where the bodies are buried. Just listening to them, you're going to know it. You're going to know all that stuff. So what I'm saying is is go ahead and go direct, go direct offer to him now, go offer to him free. Now you're willing to do it free for an hour on a podcast show, go offer it free. Website, dude, here,

Matthias Miller  1:25:39
here's what I I'm also struggling with this. So earlier in the conversation, you said, go build OBD something. Yes. And then later on, you're like, you don't want to do that, because you're going to get sucked into fulfillment and build a system, and people are going to think about yourself. I'm

Speaker 1  1:25:52
saying, turn it into a business. We correct you. Do not build that thing. I'm No, I'm saying, do not build a full blown here's a big system that does all this stuff for you, because it's not going to be just one thing. It's a big thing. And if you go build that, you say, Well, I want to go be a SaaS company for the shelved guy. I'm saying, Don't do that. Yeah, go build a tool. Yeah. Go build the OBD, not the whole thing, because so you don't know the end inside. There's no one inside

Matthias Miller  1:26:24
there. Okay, so, so here's the this tool. Okay, there's, there's here. I'm going to do this.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:37
Yeah, much better. Yeah, do that.

Matthias Miller  1:26:40
Let me grab this, top line, bottom line. So top line is this? What they see. This is free report, exactly what to do to make money. All right. Well, here's what we need. We need access to HubSpot. We need access to your Shut up. We need access to Google ads. We need access to Facebook. Just connect these up. That's all we need. Just give us. Share these with us, because we need the data to give you the free report fair.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:25
I'm playing along for now. Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  1:27:27
Okay, so you disagree. I'm clearly missing.

Speaker 1  1:27:29
Oh no, no, no, I'm not. No, no, I'm not disagreeing. I'm looking at, how do we go? How do you convert? How do you go from converting one out of 100 to 50 out of 100 that's where my head's going. I know what you're saying is going to work. That works. I just want to increase your odds.

Matthias Miller  1:27:46
Okay, so, so then this thing is completely proprietary. Nobody sees it. I just wired up and it makes it drop dead simple to get what I need to pull out from it. And then the end report is this, whatever, here are the things you need to do. And then the conversation is it well? And then the conversation is really, I guess I'm not seeing then, or there's some high level version of this, and you need to pay me for the 5k so help me, help me understand this is at least eight model, but help me wrap my head around, what is it that increases the odds of 50%

Speaker 1  1:28:35
I gotta think about it. There are a couple ways to do it. I don't want to start throwing them around. But this is all about. This is all about business owner psychology, not your system. You that those the elements. That's it. I mean, that's phase one of your company. Period is OBD discovery, whether that thing is called a free report, whether that thing is called something else, the converting that goes back to what I said earlier, which is, is we're getting ready to release, you know, in the shed industry. OBD, 2.7 and whether you've got other iterations that are on the workbench or not, they were there, well now you've got this one that's ready to go, and this, this revolutionizes because of these three things, right? Whatever they are, you know what they are, and you can figure that out. That's easy for you. Then that simply moves to, we've selected X companies. The ones you're sending it to, you don't have to pay. We simply want to be able to try with the top, you know, with the best in class people in this group. And this is all by mail. This is not electronically. This is not you need to send a, you know, send them a FedEx, send them whatever, just whatever you want to do it. This is one way. Okay, and it is not a free report at all. You paid for it. You invested in them. There no free report that. That will not be vernacular in any form, because, and then the lift we know the challenge is, is, well, that's great. You're going to show me exactly what to do and why I'm not making money, or what I need to do to make more money, right? I never assume they've got a problem, even though you want to hit the problem. But first, the industry is pretty straightforward. I need to make more sales, whether they see anything wrong with their company or not. You know, everybody talks about even Gerber always get, you know, you focus on the problem. That's fine when you're there, this is coming out cold, right? And so, so with with it coming out cold, let's just presume they're all successful, and they need to be more successful because they just bought another jet ski, right? Or they just bought another whatever, another truck, another 350 and $100,000 truck, and they think they're gonna be doing better, and they think it's gonna help them do better. And you know, their brother, who's the partner, all the things that they're doing. So all we need is just to make more sales. Who knows how many things are broken in the back end? Right? Whether it's it could be the CRM, the processes, the three guys in the shop, they can't get stuff on time, they don't show up, they don't level when they pour, you know, or they got a concrete for me. All the millions of things that go wrong. I had this same conversation with a generator company, because I'm putting a home generator out here, and I was going to do Generac switching it over to a caller for servicing. Well, I got the one of the owner's sons came out. They got a $12 million operation, dude. So I started digging. I got him to tell me everything that's going wrong with this thing. It's a huge business. Everyone wants these things now, after the pandemic, I think it'll die out at some point, but they're trying to shift from being an electrician company to just doing generators. And they've skinned it, and they spent some money, so I gave them some ideas. Now the dad's all confused. They're calling me, you know, not because I'm smart. It's just okay. That's who we're dealing with, with the shared guy. So there's a reason for everything. So this gets my head in the game with who your guys are. They're $12 million operation. Man, that's no joke. I mean, they're doing real business. They got real people. They got problems with employees, you know, they can't handle the work. They can't all the thing that's all the wind at your back, all you gotta be but at the front end, there's guys like, we gotta make more sales, better sales, you know, not cough. What are they called? Espresso machine sales, whatever Perry calls and all that stuff, all we got to do is just communicate with them, with not with we, you got to test it. But I would do both. It's just not that many people to do. It's not I'd go after, you know, getting the success. And I know you mentioned the whole ft, FTC thing about something on the phone. I don't, I don't think that applies with some of that stuff, but I don't know the whole FTC game, but you're not an info marketer, neither am I. So what you're offering is, is a you're not offering a guarantee. And I know we're getting all roped into this whole, how to make this the best guarantee in the world? Yeah, well, with the lead sequence, okay, drop a guarantee on there, on the output of what this is, sure give it to them for a year. Can you set that thing up to run for a year to constantly give them Intel? It's that that, you know, it's an $8,500 you know, that you don't have to pay us. We'll, we'll take the bill and shred it. I don't think that garbage is necessary yet on the front end, because the goal is the discovery. The OBD is your friend that may help you, just like the equivalent for me is one of my exotic spreadsheets when I'm underwriting deals and I'm putting numbers together. It helps accelerate things. For me, that's just an accelerator for you to kind of get stuff done and manage it. But our goal is to put 20 to 50 grand a month in your pocket. That's it. So it is the OBD the languaging on the messaging of these guys of you know, we're rolling the we're rolling the OVD out. You know, we've, we kind of looked at your industry. And I say we look at each of them and figure out what they're doing. And in the letter, I mean, I mean, what? How hard is it to go do 400 personalized letters? I mean, it'll take a while, but or 200 of them, at least get some lift off of or 100 of them. You know, I know you're doing this, and just call and say, Look, we're going to send this to you. You know, he's all i galper, are you open to this? Are you open to this? Let's take a step back. I mean, cow, let's just say this is what we're releasing it, it. It works perfectly with hubs. Bot, and all the other entity, all the other things. It's five minutes to set up. We're going to put this in there. Matthias, let's not get into the the ugly. Let's not get into the basement of the copy. Let's just look at this as you've developed the OBD. It's a it's a shell only does a little something. It'll chime in to whatever. Let me ask you this question, if they don't have any of those systems, how do you? What data do you? How do you? How would they send you the data so you could then spit out exactly what to do to show them how to make more money.

Matthias Miller  1:35:40
I mean, maybe, okay, so then on Google ads and Facebook, then where in the world are they getting their leads? So somewhere from the CRM. I mean, probably just the Do you believe they all

Speaker 1  1:35:53
have them? If anybody's doing a million to do million or 4 million to 5 million? Do you believe all of the deal, all of the independent guys are using systems, some kind of system, some kind of CRM,

Matthias Miller  1:36:06
I would think they're using something that might be some kind of proprietary photo something. And part of what I would rather do is, and maybe I'm looking at this the wrong way, is, we'll even install it for you, which means that if I run into some kind of photo system, and I need to pull data out. I just get access and I figure out what data to pull out, okay, or is that shooting myself? Yeah, quick somehow. Well,

Speaker 1  1:36:33
I mean, your time, you're not immortal, so, I mean, you're gonna, you're gonna get, you're gonna get a huge time suck. You know that, right? It's just, we're closing the gap on we're closing the Ask app, and we're closing the gap between them going, I'll let them take a look at, you know, what's going on out there. The common problem is, is they just, if we only had more sales, we only had more sales, everybody's down. Everybody's down. I can't see. I would be shocked, man, if anybody, particularly in this group, is going to say we're killing it, unless they're in a, you know, they're putting in, you know, all the extras, right? With the sheds, not just the common shed type stuff, right? They're doing all these extras, right? Crazy electrical or do there's some offering that they're doing in some little sub market in Beverly Hills, or which we know they don't put sheds out there, but you're saying that they need more they need more business. They just need they need more sales, and they'd like to be able to do it with fewer people. And we know from a copy standpoint, we could generate any kind of copy just so they will get on the phone. But for you to connect up, you know, how much time does it take for you to do that legitimately and or for them to do it right?

Unknown Speaker  1:37:58
Sure, but

Speaker 1  1:37:59
you being able to offer some OBD This is, look, you know, we install these in other companies. For instance, we did this whole ERP system without naming the name, and it cost them, you know, $450,000 and we don't do that. But, you know, we picked you because we saw you are here. You do this and this, you know, whatever we could find on, scrape off the internet, or whatever you know about them, drop in the letter and start that process so you can get on the phone with them and then connect it up. But if, let's say, someone says, Yes, how much time does it take for the OBD to connect up to that thing? Is it just, simply, is it just some kind of API call that has to go into the thing? And by the way, I just know that term generically. I don't really know what that means, but it's basically something like that, right? Some connector, yep, and that's the end of that. How long would that take you if 50 people said, well, heck, I don't want, I mean, I love free stuff. You're offering it, you're offering it free, but you're never using the word free. I know they say in our marketing world's free is powerful. Screw that. I am a 100% of is, you know, we're making the investment in this because we need to understand this to better the entire industry and help everybody that wants in sales you do not. You do not need to buy the software. You do not. This is, you know, we are trial ballooning with these groups for this reason, because you are a top performer here in, you know, in the Denver market or whatever. That's the only reason why that way becomes strictly educational marketing, absolutely nothing about a future sale, and then sign on, give me your credit card a year from now, nothing, nothing. You're just doing it. You will be a diagnosing treat guy. That's what it'll be, because then you're doing this when you go in, which that's why I love your model. Your model will work. I think the conversion goes to 50% Right, if you do a version of what I'm talking about, which is strictly kind of following that line of, that line of thought, and you could, we can do it however you want, but that that's what's going to get

Matthias Miller  1:40:15
it done. Let me try to I'm gonna have to drop off here in a minute. But let me, let me talk. Talk back to you. Big shift is okay. Big picture, um, put together a letter, personalized letter, whatever, dear son, so like, I've personally chosen you all this stuff, or maybe even a phone call. Say, Hey, Joe, I'm dropping something mail for you. Just want to make sure I got the right address. And just when you have a chance, no rush, no pressure, but just want to be able sure got the right, right address, and you can keep your eyes open for it, and I well, I can even say I'm paying to get it over to you, and it's going to show up. And if I wanted to show up FedEx, I'm going to be like, I'm paying FedEx for FedEx signature. Just want to make sure that you know whatever in the letter, personalized letter, hey, Joe, I was looking at some great companies in your area, and I was researching companies in your area, and I picked this and we're releasing a new OVD like you said 2.7 and here's really what I'm looking to do. I'm looking to I'm looking to better the industry, and I'm looking to invest in your business with this tool, and I'm looking to get some feedback from people like you, and because of that, I'm willing to pay for access to this tool for a whole year. But here's magic, what this tool does. This tool tells you exactly what you need to do to go make more money, some more sheds. And by the way, I've been working, I've built this, and it's more than than it's like 800,000 but whatever I've been in the space I understand the systems I've run, run these marketing budgets and all this kind of stuff. Like, I've been there and I put all this stuff together into tool I paid for it, like, you use it. And in fact, I will even go one more, and you don't have to do anything. You just you make sure you get well. I mean, all it takes is 15 minutes of your time to get access to all the accounts. Really, we don't have to say that, but 15 minutes of your time to get this thing set up, and you'll have your report within, you know, within the hour. I don't know,

Speaker 1  1:42:23
yep, you're getting there. There's two big points I want you to put on superimpose on top of all of this. Well, the main one is this nobody and this group, and really, any group, for that matter, but this group, none of them really believe that software is going to give them more sales. None sure they're being told that they're all marketed. Then right, get into this system. Use this accelerate your leads. Do there are bolt ons like in the property management business, that's the big software play. Lots of software. They're big players, but there's a bunch of software. There's zillions of property managers, residential property managers, out there. And a guy developed a software bolt on piece, which I think is interesting, and could be interesting for you in phase two, once you after you're making money, and then if you want to invest into something, you something, a a clear bolt on to every system that basically allows them to reduce the number of sales people commissions they need to pay so they can convert their leads internally. And we can look at that model. I'll show you how he did it. Took him eight years to do it. I took it apart. I met with so the people put money behind them, and kind of figured out what they were doing, like you guys could have done this in a year, not Monday morning quarterbacking, but as a version of this that would apply here directly, because it's the same big decision they gotta make a homeowner makes. Do they need it? Do they want it? All this stuff, dude. I mean, like that. I was going to throw that stuff out, and I'm going to keep it when you go to your face too, because it will be very telling for you. That's when you you know what they're supposed to have a big software company that could be a bolt on that you could run with a handful of people. All right. Anyway, back to that overarch, the super imposition of having this thought, don't I think we back off of the languaging that goes so deep into only 15 minutes to connect up that that starts to to remove the value of what it is, is it's, Hey, look, man, there's this. We got a Ferrari. And you know what? You're a rich guy, and you know, we kind of, we really need to kind of pick like people we think that are influential in the industry, and you're one of them. We believe that based on what we've seen and know about you, and you don't know us, we know you, and. And we'd like to discuss, you know, providing this to you. Think of how they do that with the stupid Tiktok stuff, and, you know, all of the manufacturers and all the crap out of China, big, small, short and tall, they get the influencers. You know, you got 500,000 people watching you. They're getting free stuff, non stop. And I mean, really nice stuff. And it's gotten so bad that one of our round table people, Mark little his daughter and her boyfriend, who he's Dominican, and he came to the dinner, which you weren't at. It's okay. We had dinner. He they. Mark took us all to a barbecue and and so we're talking to her husband's there, and he doesn't speak English, and so everyone's doing their marketing thing, and he just kind of sitting there, cool kid. And so I just kind of start talking to him when he's freaked out, because, like, a cracker, white guy, like, speaks fluent through a fluid Spanish. And so we're just kind of cutting the breeze and talking. Well, we get to talking about his business, and he's got and so Mark's daughter, you know, his his wife. They've got an influencer page, and, I mean, they've got things that had, like, a million views on it, like it's no joke. And so he showed me behind the scenes of how all of these companies have been coming to him with stuff to sell. And, you know, you get commissions and you get he 50% of it. I mean, we know the whole affiliate game, but I mean, that that's important. I think if we just look at the super high, dressed up version of that, version of that, let's not sell anything. How easy it is to install and just look at us. Hey, look, man, you're like a big dog. You're one of them. We're looking to roll out a lot of this. Maybe you don't care about the industry, and we probably shouldn't even say that. But look, we know you're important. We're developing this out. We need the important people to look at this stuff, and we you'll never pay for it, but we'd like, you know, if we could have a discussion with you and or, you know, one of your team members about taking a look at this, you'll get all, you'll get all the benefits out of it. But, you know, there is a confidentiality agreement, you know, we'd need to discuss or whatever, because, you know, just make it to where it's very exclusive. And then let's line them up, and then you start plugging them in. That'll, that'll be your conversion rate there. And we don't have to it. Can have minimal language. I don't think there's a lot there. We just, we make it more, make it more about them. And here's all the benefits from it. And then it's, it's completely de risk. There's nothing for them to do. They'd be stupid not to do it. So you're basically telling me, I'm important. You're telling me I'm a I have appeared as a mover. Remember, it's the same way that the four you know Forbes has sold their soul out, right they now, do you know you can get on the whole world, no ink. Ink Magazine, that's what it is. What is it? Two, two grand, five grand. You do this app. I mean, it's such a joke. And then you get this little placard you put on, if people still buy it. I think that business does like, 100 million a year. Why don't we just use that and use it for these guys?

Matthias Miller  1:47:59
So yes. And to your point, then the stop talking about speed, because they don't really believe that fast is good. Like, it just, just give us 15. Like, we just need to hook up to your data. That's all we need. And our team on the back end will take care of the rest, or my team and I have the back end will take care of the rest, and we'll crunch all the well, I

Speaker 1  1:48:21
don't know that's this, that Matthias, that's this. That's what you talk about there. That's, again, all of a sudden went down. We're releasing, you know, OBD, 2.7 we're going to market in June of 2025 it's, you know, it's a $10,400 $500 whatever the number is, right? And then there's these things, however, no, it's not however. This is what we're releasing. Just to give you some information about it, if you're open to it, you know we were allocating the product. We need it tested, because we want, you know, whatever you want to use that language, however you want to language that you would know that better. Forget all the technical, easy connect all, none of that stuff matters, just simply, because the letter is going to the owner, right? Because all this, all the OBD does. This is the OBD. It's $25,000 and it will take, it will increase, you know, I did. I know your whole FTC thing, right? This is designed to increase sales, you know, 10 to 40% with no extra, you know, software installs, all this other stuff. And we're doing beta now, but we can only do bait. We only want to do beta with the important people in the room. That's it. Here's my business card. It's in the thing. That's it. No other offer, no nothing. And then when you're on the phone, say, Listen, pretty straightforward. You know, we need you. You don't need us. But you know, this is what it does. We're going to do the release, and then just talk to them and. Go. I mean, why would they say, No, no, don't want to do that when I don't want you. So you're saying, if you if my sales increase because of this, then, so you're basically just like I'm doing right now, or you would do you're going to give me everything for free. You're going to show me how to do it. You're putting your money into the deal. You've already spent all this money developing this. I get all the benefit. I pay nothing. I'm an idiot for not signing up for this. I'm a complete idiot. And if they won't do that, you don't want them. But if you get free people to sign up that output of that product, it is not a free report. It is a it is a compendium of both resource, you know, of data, you know, of, you know, some level of compilation, and forensic. Don't know your forensic, but data, that's what it is. And then it has this consultant, is this diagnostic piece on top of it, the future, looking to say you got to do that. That's you. And here's what it is, and then put it there. Then you put in front of them, and you do those meetings until the until the cows come home. But compress the whole process, like you said, however you want to do it. I think that's a winner. That is a Winner. Winner. Winner. You You've de risked it. You've, oh my gosh, yeah, that's freaking brilliant, man. I like that. I like your diagnostic tool is the secret that is the that is the secret sauce, right there, baby. That's what's going to nail that thing down. And nothing else goes in that letter. And then do the three step letter on that. Do a three stepper. Here it is, following back up with you because you're awesome. You know, we're following back up with you. Phone call, whatever, and then they do it a there's absolutely no risk, none. Yeah, minimum, minimum. Out of it, they're at least going to talk to talk to you, or they're going to say, Hey, who's their next lower in command? Whoever you're going to send it to, right? They're going to talk to you about it. They just need to get you on the phone, and then you talk about it. Look at the system we're releasing. This is what we've done. But I mean, skin this up like a circus man. Do a website that's basically, it's your software company, maybe that you want to start in June 2025, once you pass this

Unknown Speaker  1:52:40
good

Speaker 1  1:52:42
and if I'll do calls with you. Mill that still stands, you may need somebody that's not you

Matthias Miller  1:52:52
probably do, and probably need to hear from somebody who's not me. And once they once they can hear from somebody who's not me,

Speaker 1  1:52:58
I can listen to that. I know you got an assistant, but I don't know if you want to impart that on them or not. Yeah. And, I mean, if there's any volume, I've got a guy. I want to invest in his company, but I don't talk about trying to. Here's me. I'm doing a version of this right now. So tomorrow, no, I think it's Monday. Yeah, Monday, I got this call this guy. His name's John Dube, and he's so he owns a company called leads at scale. I'm still fascinated with call centers, like really high end quality call centers, because, again, coming out of the financial world, that's how they all make money. He developed a system where he only hires blind people and legally blind, and you know, other folks that have various other handicap, Ada type stuff. But, you know, very smart their job, you know, the job options are like zero, and they're smart, and he trains them. And he even created computer, you know, computer screens and stuff for them so they can but these people do very high level sales calls. He can't figure out how to get the business like, he's been doing this for like, 15 years. And thing is, he's offering it to everybody, and he's a super low manner, cool, like, nice guy. He's making some money. He's probably doing, think he's probably doing 600 grand a year, almost a million. I mean, it's stout. He's making money. So he's like, a winner. I want to help to be another winner. And I'm like, Look, could we segment this out into different industries so I could skin it in various because everyone offers, hey, here's call leads. Call leads, and you get somebody that's got some even though they speak perfect English the Philippines, even in Latin America, they're doing it. That's not who you want. Doing outbound sales, right? And we know all the companies that have used, the roofing companies, everybody you know, kind of cold call people all this. They actually develop leads. And we're. He became an expert. Is doing surveys. So I said there needs to be an accelerated version, and some key market, I know some key markets where they need to do a combo survey sale, where the survey doors already open. And so he's all excited about that. I'm going to use them to do some calling for me in the CPA space accounting world. I'm going to pay him to do it, but I'm also going to give him free advice on, maybe how to set up the company and how to do something. And he's he's probably not going to want to do it on his own. And if I say, Look, this is probably going to cost, you know, 50 to 80k to launch. Would you want to split it? Maybe he wants to split it. Or if I want to do it, okay, well, if I launch it, it's your infrastructure. We just do a little joint I mean, that that's, there's an equity deal right there. I know I can deploy that out in certain spaces. You're doing the same thing, doing the exact same thing, but you're doing it where it's all in flow, if it's for diagnostic consulting fees, and all it's going to do is grow what you do. If anything, it's going to support what you want to do on the software. Start like, that's the Chrissy motivational there's your pixie fairy dust. I have no doubt that's where you could go if you can get 10 of these guys to pay attention to you and a handful, um, to pay you. You got a software business ready to go. I know you. I mean, I've, I've listened to you enough, even when you're talking about this stuff and when you're helping other people, you're, you're a full blown diagnostic consultant because of your systems background. And that's most consultants don't know how to do that. They act like they do. And everyone's got a course on how to do diagnostic. You know, consulting,

Matthias Miller  1:56:41
it's all regurgitated knowledge for them. Yeah, hey, I gotta draw cool man. I appreciate it. So next step, I think I can wire frame together the OBD and yes,

Speaker 1  1:56:55
and then let's put together, if you want me to start looking at list, or if you want me to compile, if you want me to start putting some stuff together for you to help you figure out the rest of those people, I can do that. It is not an expensive demo for you to do on your own. It costs you less than 5k most likely, all

Matthias Miller  1:57:16
right, well, I mean, I got a list to start with, and I think, I think we can. I don't see any reason why not start with that list. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  1:57:23
mean that, and then we can draft up a copy, put the whole piece together. Do you design all your website stuff? Is that? I mean, do you that? Are you pay somebody to do all that?

Matthias Miller  1:57:32
I don't do anything with website. I barely have a website. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:57:36
yeah, I noticed that. But, I mean, I figured that was usually a little consulting thing because you were bored. But, okay, I got somebody, maybe we could, we could use, and I may want to throw a little money at it with you, to do something with it. You know, I'm kind of sniffing around, but that is not the purpose. If, unless you actually need it, maybe we look at doing a little something there. I can help you boost that a little bit, or, you know, you could pay me back later, or whatever, but I think you, I know you got something here, if you're ready to go and do it, I think you can have this. What do we think two weeks put it out?

Matthias Miller  1:58:13
Yeah, I think so.

Speaker 1  1:58:15
All right, well, then I'll Okay. Well, you, why don't you shoot me an email on what you want me to do while I wait for your wireframe. Don't just, don't just make me wait for a wireframe when you do

Matthias Miller  1:58:26
something simultaneously, draft copy for the cap on stuff,

Speaker 1  1:58:31
yeah. All right. All right, good. Shoot me an email and let's shoot a date for the next call. All right, we'll do all right later, man, you guys have a good weekend.

Matthias Miller  1:58:42
Thank you. All right.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai