Speaker 1  01:02
Whoops, there we go, hey, there you go. Can't decide whether I'm going to be present or not, right? Exactly, no, it was, I think I came in to them initially muted, and by the time I hit to unmute, there were the other ways. That's funny. I guess you are conferring with the Washington gays these days.

Matthias Miller  01:35
Yes, I am. I gotta figure out a way to get get a fight if I find something to do with your brother yet, and right, right, you'd really amplify the amplify this. There you go. I heard it's your daughter's birthday. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  01:53
yes. The we now have a teenager, which is unreal, but that's, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  02:07
How old are? How old is your oldest? Our oldest is 11. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  02:14
you're getting pretty close. Our oldest niece is turning is becoming a teenager, like day after Thanksgiving. So my my wife and I were there for her over the time she was born, right after we got married. And so my wife was like, oh, we gotta, I mean, not really, but we gotta go celebrate her, like her first days becoming a teenager. Yeah, daughters have completely changed my perception of birthdays and birthday parties, that's for

Speaker 1  02:50
sure. Yeah, have so my impression is your family has tended to do to make a bigger thing of birthdays than

Matthias Miller  03:03
some I would, I would say, so, yeah,

Speaker 1  03:06
okay, but did you sort of diverge from that until daughters

Matthias Miller  03:11
or, well, no, not really. I mean, we did, but it was always as a family we never had. I can remember, remember, remember, like there was a couple of school friends who would actually, literally have all school friends over and have big parties and all that stuff. So our family was always just, just family gotcha, and so we did make a big deal, but it wasn't like you're having friends over and stuff. So yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  03:33
interesting, interesting. Let's see. Well, oh, there,

Matthias Miller  03:41
there's the man, the myth, the legend. My apologies. I was feeling so virtuous for brewing a pot of coffee, and so I'm telling Sean to go do it for me, and I missed it. I was almost late for the call. But hey, it's funny.

Speaker 1  04:02
Well, yesterday I was planning to it. Was getting ready to head out of the house at eight, having plenty of time, you know, feeling sort of relaxed, and realized, oh yeah, the Chamber meeting the breakfast that I actually signed up and paid for started at 745,

Unknown Speaker  04:30
so surprise, no, my day was a little more open than initially planned.

Matthias Miller  04:38
Cool. I Okay, where do you want to go?

Matthias Miller  04:51
See quick update on my end. I There may not be actually that much of an update, but I think after you know, fits. And starts throughout the years. I'm not sure I'm ready to do lead gen, but I have a path that I'm actually would be really happy to go down for lead generation for myself, but it could very quickly run into I mean, I'm already facing capacity constraints myself, and if I don't have anything to offload to code crafters, so then it's really bad. But if code crafters wants to, if you, if you want to talk about offloading, well, I'm not quite sure what all it would be, yeah, but if you want to talk about some world in which it would make sense to Okay, so contact research, the market research I've done on manufacturers, shows huge pain points around ERPs and Excel spreadsheets and So I'm thinking, I think it's just a home run to search for. I mean, I just think it's, well, I think it's a home run. I mean, it's, it's a 70 to 80% probability, good, good thing to good direction to go. And I have a guy that I would trust to execute highly personalized cold outbound guarantees basically 20 appointments a month, one a day. But So the biggest thing for me then is all of a sudden that eats up a minimum of two and a half hours a week on lead gen. Plus, I don't really have capacity to offload. I mean, I really could use, I could genuinely probably use development capacity at this point, if I had it sure Jen Allen is not interested in in doing more than investor tools at this point. Okay, oh, okay. I mean, he's, he's, I'm paying him a subscription fee for the designer, sure, but that's so I also here. We're going to do this at.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai