Unknown Speaker  01:21
Grab some water quick

Unknown Speaker  01:22
wait for Ellis okie dokie?

Speaker 1  03:30
Let's be work on the miscellaneous stuff for a few minutes I mean he's not on a couple minutes I'll reach out

Unknown Speaker  12:42
There you're else. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  12:52
Where do you want to go?

Speaker 1  12:54
Oh, all right. So you're at and

Speaker 1  13:08
yeah, first off a little bit about Z TK thinking. Yep. Looking on base.

Speaker 2  13:18
Quick question. What is your schedule after this? I mean, I'm joining late and I might have to drop for just a bit. Okay.

Speaker 1  13:26
I have I have a quick call at four o'clock. So top of the hour. Yep. Message like 15 minutes. Okay. And then I will both have the kudos team call. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 2  13:45
Well, I guess I can offer you the, because I think I'm going to have to drop from about in about 25 minutes for maybe 10 minutes. If there's things I can answer while I'm driving me, you know, I could do that. But I have to run a quick errand a pickup daughter at school. So sure. Okay, go for it. And I'll try to talk fast.

Speaker 1  14:08
Okay. All right. I will to GTK working on the base three, in depth design. We're running into some stuff that that I think is going to need input from you, or Matthias or Joel, someone who is more familiar with accounting. Okay. Because their interest in in switching to the app posting accounting. Sure. And then how like, because of that, then we're building some of this to be able to handle all the invoicing and and he's get questions about the p&l statement report and whatnot and not familiar with that familiar with a counting module. So sure. Yeah, at some point it would be good to I think have a call that has one of you guys on it, too. to answer some, some initial questions and discuss some of that stuff with him and determine what's Yeah, make sure that we're on the right track with, with them moving toward the app hosting and counting. Make sure to

Speaker 2  15:18
let me I think Matthias and I need to create a how to vet app hosting accounting clients. Yeah, just okay. I'm making notes.

Speaker 2  15:52
And then the other one was ideas for. We're talking about putting together a newsletter that maybe initially goes out every other month, but we might switch it every month. But they're just highlights little stories about what we do like before case for K screen that we put together forth for Triple D where they can click and drag things around and you know, stuff like that. So

Unknown Speaker  16:20
nice. Yeah. Like mini case studies.

Speaker 2  16:25
Yeah. Mini case studies is a good way to say. Yeah, okay. Yep. So, I guess you guys talk about that. Yeah, reach out to, well just shoot both of us an email that'll sit in our inboxes. And we'll feel guilty. Or create an incident for, you know, incident change or whatever. Yeah, but something like that.

Speaker 1  16:51
Okay. And, like, do you think it's something that we would be able to line up a call with, with Jesse in the next, you know, next few weeks, sometime? The

Unknown Speaker  17:01
definitely the next few weeks?

Unknown Speaker  17:04
So you're out some next week?

Speaker 2  17:06
Yeah. And Matthias is, you know, really trying to push hard on. Watch him on the Well, I think we'll have a better a better clarity after tomorrow's meeting. I've got an hour and a half with him tomorrow. Matthias tomorrow,

Speaker 1  17:23
so I'm sure. Okay, sounds good. I'll go to that. We have some stuff that we'd like to go over in the Z, GA, summer changes that we're working on. Okay. Do you though have any? Are there any specific or miscellaneous change requests that you would want to run over with us? I know we've got we've been sending a lot your way. And

Speaker 2  17:56
yeah, and I've tried to not respond just out of kindness. So well, sometimes I have let me see what my schedule is like tomorrow. I'm wondering if I should just grab Ben for an hour or two some time to push through my email inbox sometime. And where's that? There we go.

Unknown Speaker  18:31
That one precious.

Speaker 2  18:46
Because I have turned 34 emails in my solutions inbox right now. So

Unknown Speaker  18:53
hey, go sounds like a good rainy day activity.

Speaker 2  19:02
You better hope it happens before we have a rainy day in Kansas. But yes. Yeah. And I kind of wonder if Tim and I should just start doing that somewhat regularly. I mean, I'll try to stay on top of it. But just having someone else to work through stuff is helpful and chase through together. So. Yeah. Yeah. So just jump in wherever you want to.

Speaker 1  19:26
Sure. So, yeah, then I'll get that in your court for whatever you want to do there as far as miscellaneous things. And yeah, so some CGA stuff we're working on on their changes. We ended up moving it into the proposal. Just because it was there was enough content. Yep. We're gonna up anyway, so it's in here under phase two. We didn't get any fancy name right now but sure. So some miscellaneous questions here. Let's see here. So starting out here stage infinite stages. So first off the assignee field on the incident stage record we had, the client had wanted the assignee to stay unchanged. Currently, we have the for the assignee on the incident to stay on champ. So we did some quick testing and found that setting the assignee to blank doesn't, doesn't satisfy that set out or what? It so it's like this. If you're saying on the incident stage record is blank, the assignee field an incident clears. It clears when the stage is changed by clicking a checkbox. So there's there's one stage that auto advances when when you start tracking time of the incident. And in that case, the the incident the assignee stays the same. The other stages are advanced by clicking some checkbox, one checkbox or another. And when you click a checkbox to advance the stage, then it clears it when it's blank here on the on the

Unknown Speaker  21:26
cool user stages Is it just what else?

Unknown Speaker  21:31
As far as I know, do you want to

Unknown Speaker  21:34
pull up coetail stages quickly? And let's, let's see what stages we've got. There we go. Yep.

Speaker 2  21:49
Do you go into settings? Well, first of all have one of these into a separate tab. Just any one of these? Now go into settings. Okay, and then get the field get the field name for the incident the stage incident. Yeah, so field name on assignee and then copy the incident stage. Okay, copy that out. And now go into here, add that as a column to the report.

Speaker 2  22:26
So do we, if Okay, wow. A lot of these don't have stages on him. All right. Like okay. What if it goes to backburner? Do you want the assignee cleared? Automatically?

Unknown Speaker  22:43
No, no.

Speaker 2  22:46
If it Now scroll down. Is there any other place like that? There's no other any places that we have assignee is there.

Unknown Speaker  22:56
Just down right here. Okay, but there's

Speaker 2  22:59
no, there's no follow up after that. So that's fine. Okay, so keep going. So I don't see any place where we don't actually want to have it cleared. So I think we could just write up a change request, or once we get there, we can just write up a change request saying let's not clear it. And it should be a pretty simple change. If we ever want to have it clearer than we should eat, there's we will probably put an item in the list at the top of the list. That would be cold. Look like an initial item in brackets or something that would be called Clear assignee, or blanket, or, or maybe just bracket blank. All right. So that's one way to or in another way to although because all of these, I my cents on all of these it is if if it's not if it's blank, we were not planning to change it for most of these. So I think I like at coding the bracket blank because what we would do there underneath the hood, we would just do it differently. So oh because we'd probably store we probably store a field that would say blanket out is what we would do under the hood. Tour

Speaker 1  24:35
Would you would you want us to include something like that in the in the change request?

Speaker 2  24:43
I mean, I think we just change. I'm going to propose that until we need to blank it out. We just leave it simple. And we charge someone to do the more complicated thing sometime

Unknown Speaker  24:55
Sure. Okay, that sounds good. Sounds sounds right. All right.

Speaker 1  25:13
So then these are the stages. And also on the stages here. I'm wondering if we should if we should have hard code, the workflow, I kind of think so. I'm going to be I mean, we would be okay. So currently here in in the DGA incident, oops, incident stages. These are some ones that we've added in the test system that these that are in the live system, the stage name is hard coded. I see if we did if we should have hard code, the workflow to work order as well. Because currently, if they create another workflow then I tested it here and test this and you can change this the ship stage to a different workflow.

Unknown Speaker  26:06
I see.

Speaker 1  26:09
I would almost say we should just hard code sort order as well. Be in there poking around very much.

Speaker 2  26:19
Yeah, I'm trying to think through how we would do that. I'll have to take a look at how easily we can do that.

Speaker 2  26:36
Yeah, because because it sounds easy to do but then then we need shipped or we need shipped or records. And I'm not sure if we ship those records right now or not?

Unknown Speaker  26:48
The Yeah, hopefully we do.

Speaker 2  26:52
Well, okay, although here's it's tricky. If it's just the name we're not shipping we are we're not we're not actually shipping because we can send the name without a complete shipped records. So if it's just a name that's blank and may not be shipped. So let me just take a look at incident stage and see if those uses stage incident incidents incidents

Unknown Speaker  27:25
incidents stages just

Unknown Speaker  27:34
Yeah, incident stages are shipped. And scheduled. Yeah. So we could

Speaker 2  27:48
we can certainly, yeah, I just make sense that for shipped records that the and let me see what happens on this

Unknown Speaker  28:19
I just

Speaker 2  28:20
do we always say that if it is, if it's shipped a record, you cannot change? Well, I wonder if you should actually say that a number of these fields can't be edited for shipped records. If that makes sense. Now something like assignee definitely could assign a status priority I don't know that I care as much about and we kind of have to pick some time it's easiest just to pixel as the same for everyone. But I would say at least the workflow and I kind of think that order should not be editable for shift records.

Unknown Speaker  29:07
Mm hmm.

Speaker 2  29:08
Does that sound right to you? So just make notes there and I can take add further specs then. Okay.

Speaker 1  29:24
Okay, so then we would say for for the stages the stage name is already known and a little bit workflows sort order would also yes, I think so.

Speaker 2  29:33
Because if we're shipping them we have very specific we have a very specific process in mind. And if somebody would stick something in between here it'd be a mess.

Speaker 1  29:45
Yeah. And I wonder data's also should be because like build needs to be like a ladder on the status.

Speaker 2  29:58
Done. That's it. settings and then close it out as well or not necessarily.

Unknown Speaker  30:06
Sorry, how's that?

Speaker 2  30:07
If you set a incident to done it doesn't automatically close it does it? Or does it? Close it? Yes, it does. Okay. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  30:14
Yeah.

Speaker 2  30:17
I think we're actually going to possibly make the status field a, an optional field. Because for simple systems, I'm not even sure it was. It's optional in the sense that when we design a system, we decide whether or not we want to show the status field.

Unknown Speaker  30:35
Okay. Because,

Speaker 2  30:37
for I mean, for most people, just having an open and close is likely enough. We don't really, you know, separating out between to do and doing is probably more detailed than most people care about. So,

Speaker 1  30:52
right. Right. Yeah. Okay. That sounds good. So with that, are you thinking that it would be good to hard code the or to make the status?

Speaker 2  31:12
Okay, good. Alright, you first step status, and the only thing is priority in a society. Hmm. Does that sound good to you?

Speaker 1  31:24
I think so. So, status

Speaker 2  31:39
we'll probably run a pass with is to to make sure that he doesn't blanch and that But although I doubt he cares, so as long as I don't, because I, as long as I don't break his stuff.

Unknown Speaker  31:49
Right. Okay. All right. And then.

Speaker 1  32:02
Okay, then here for this for the stages. We were talking about basing this on workflow. Sorry, yeah. Previously, we've been talking about basing the new stages on workflow. Now we're basing it on service location, shot basically shot versus all. The we had two options. One was changed locations, be a look up record, and have a user's quality control on it, because that's basically what it comes down to the quality control stage. Sure, skips, is skipped for the truck jobs. But the other option was hard coded to, to go to quality control if location is sharp, and skip it, if it's anything else. I've been specking it out with the ladder. But just wanted to confirm with you before we finalize that.

Speaker 2  33:00
And things move from face to face with checkboxes you said typically, usually or always,

Speaker 1  33:08
it's, um, it's back here. So it goes from pending to work schedule, when the when the scheduled checkbox. It goes from work schedule to assign to tech when when there's an assignee set, and then it goes to the quality control when the finished checkbox is checked. And then the next one ready to invoice with is also with a checkbox. And complete is also with a checkbox build check. Oh, I

Speaker 2  33:42
see. Um, I actually liked the look up record with the users quality control. Okay, it doesn't take much more to add it that way. And then we're never never needing that we can just always check and it's easy. Yeah.

Speaker 1  34:00
Okay. One thing there is that in their life system they are. They're taking a little different angle and location. Okay. They are using they're putting in town names. Oh, interesting. Okay. So their service locations is list is pretty long. Sure.

Speaker 2  34:24
And then eventually, they'll get oh, they'll get rid of track one and two eventually.

Unknown Speaker  34:30
Presumably, I don't think it was at all anyway. Yeah.

Speaker 2  34:33
So what is what is Milton Shelbyville? Well, that turned into truck Milton.

Unknown Speaker  34:38
Probably. Yeah. No, that's clever. So

Speaker 2  34:41
they can then they can start lumping a few things together on service locations.

Speaker 1  34:46
Nice. Yeah. And then I think eventually, especially if it's a lookup, then we could start letting them get we could give them a field for zip code or something like that. Certification and give them more intelligence. and sorting by by region rather than requiring them to remember which town is where and all of that so, okay, so we would then

Unknown Speaker  35:34
Okay, sounds good

Speaker 2  35:37
and I'd probably Yeah, that's I probably change the label uses quality control just to there's no that way nobody has to stop and think maybe up above change locations anyway yeah.

Unknown Speaker  35:52
Is that fair

Speaker 2  35:57
well, I don't mind you use this but you use this quality control isn't it? Yes. I'm like that good

Unknown Speaker  36:11
All right, so

Speaker 2  36:13
do you think you can can you keep gassing questions for 10 minutes while I'm driving? Or

Unknown Speaker  36:18
barely?

Unknown Speaker  36:20
Do you want to just wait? Yeah, I think so. If you're good with that.

Speaker 2  36:23
Yeah, just a second let me I'm gonna call in from my phone then. Just a second All right.

Unknown Speaker  37:33
Okay, I probably won't be reading screen on the phone, but

Unknown Speaker  37:37
that's fine. Try to

Speaker 1  37:45
yeah, we'll just we'll stick to questions that can we can explain a little bit better about looking Sure. Alright, so question about a field labels on detail screens? Can we give labels conditional? Like can we give them colored? Can we make them like a red color? Based on based on some basically the target start date? Label? Can we give the label

Unknown Speaker  38:19
what's

Speaker 1  38:23
theirs on the incident record? Target start date. Basically, he'd like a way to make the target start date stand out. If it's in the past, and the project hasn't been started yet. But since there's an editable field, we can't just we can't just make the date read. So is there some other way to make that stand out?

Speaker 3  38:51
Oh, yeah, we can make them read I believe. What is this a standard field or a custom field?

Unknown Speaker  38:58
Custom Field?

Speaker 3  39:00
Yeah. No, I think we can do another font format on there that would do that.

Speaker 1  39:07
Okay. Is there any other way that would make the field stand out? It would be better then than making the label red?

Speaker 3  39:17
No, that's that's a reasonable thing to do. You could even do red and gold if you want to. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  39:34
All right.

Speaker 1  39:52
Okay, so we're a fourth column winner. report that Okay, so the backup on the schedule report, we're adding a column for the machine on site field on from the incident on the incident. That's a checkbox. So in the end, we want it to be editable on the report. Is that, uh, that does display like, yes, when it's checked. And then when you click on the editable field, it changes to a checkbox to check.

Unknown Speaker  40:31
That's correct.

Speaker 1  40:33
Okay. And then when you click away, it changes back to, to yes or whatever.

Speaker 3  40:41
Yeah, yes or no, whatever it is. We've had some requests to change that but all with the checkbox, but we have not voted that yet. No, promise that that'll be a good but we have not done that yet.

Unknown Speaker  41:00
Uh, huh. Okay, next question. See?

Speaker 1  41:20
All right, on a on an Ask prompt for the report. If we have a multi select, multi select, ask prompt there, can we default a specific item to the top? Even if it's not? And then have some other sort order for the rest of the items?

Unknown Speaker  41:44
So you're going to check to talk a bit more specific?

Speaker 1  41:50
Sure. So currently, this is the this is the service locations asked prompt on the on the schedule report. And so I was at

Unknown Speaker  42:15
having trouble hearing you there or understanding what you're saying?

Unknown Speaker  42:27
Or not.

Unknown Speaker  42:28
I think so.

Unknown Speaker  42:35
Alternative video, connections.

Speaker 1  42:41
Right service location. Currently, it's the old multi select not the drop list. It's the old multi select prompt there. But we could change it to the to the new multi select Drop list. And this would now be the simple lookup like we were just talking about. And the the specific one that we want at the top of the list is shop. And I'm thinking that would be a hard coded like a shipped or hard coded one there because there's a lot that depends on that one.

Speaker 3  43:25
Sorry, I dropped for just a little bit there. So okay. You've got the ball by select? And are you wanting to default down there or somewhere else?

Speaker 1  43:42
I would want to default, one of the one of the items to the top of that, of that list, and then let the other ones be falling in alphabetical order from there. Oh,

Speaker 3  43:54
yeah, that's doable. So you're gonna put a shop on top? Is that the idea? Or? Yeah. Now technically, because you've got shops and trucks, that shop will always be on top. So

Speaker 1  44:08
true. As long as they do. Yeah. Unless they change then either naming convention.

Speaker 3  44:13
That is right. I'd almost leave it like that until they change. I mean, unless they change something.

Unknown Speaker  44:21
Yeah, that'd be fair. Okay.

Speaker 3  44:34
But the short answer is yes, we could change that list. And what we would do is we use what we call a helper list, and we put a specific item at the top and then and then pull it out for the bottom part of the list and then add the other item below.

Unknown Speaker  44:52
Okay.

Speaker 3  44:56
So it's an hour work or something. I mean, kind of Think of that, like that. And then you might want to do it on the detail screen. And then that sounds like kind of like, well, what if, if it's easy to do it otherwise, that makes me happy. But it's not a big deal?

Speaker 1  45:12
Yeah, that sounds good. And do you want to switch them to the new, the new droplist or the new multiselect? With the check?

Speaker 3  45:26
They're a lot nicer, in my opinion, because you can speak, especially once they've got all these trucks, they can start typing account name, and bam, there it is. And then they can just hit enter, and they're done. I will, they'll, they'll have to drop down the list or hit f4 to drop down the list that they get searching. So, but yeah, they drop it, they make the list drop down. And they want Hutchinson the type Hu, hit enter, and they're done. Because the old style you have to you'd have to type the whole word truck and space and Hu and not and do it fast enough that hit word, or you're gonna have to use your mouse and carefully scroll through all your say it'll be a lot nicer for them.

Unknown Speaker  46:10
Yeah, makes sense. Why is

Speaker 3  46:13
multi select? Locate? Oh, you're searching for several locations?

Speaker 1  46:18
Right? Sometimes you'll be running the word on on multiple locations.

Unknown Speaker  46:24
Got it? Sure. Sure. Yep. Okay, sir.

Speaker 1  46:33
All right. And oh, yes. And like we told you the rearrange reschedule feature is being removed. Okay. And so, yeah, we've got some point here, you can take a look at the spec and, and see, but I'm thinking this, we're gonna actually be just writing a new report and discarding. Got a question about the editable reports. There was we have in our our snippet, a add note about whether it's a live updating report. I'm not going to discuss with that with Matthias for lamentations. I'm not real familiar with the live updating.

Speaker 3  47:29
Oh, and live update, things are a little bit weird. The idea is that if you have like a big monitor? Well, I don't know. I mean, do we have it's rarely the right thing, the way it's supposed to work is that if there's new data that shows up in the system, that should go into the report. It'll just magically the report was suddenly just magically show you that information. It's kind of cool. But it's not perfect. Like, it'll always put anything new, it always puts the very, it won't sort of quite right, it will always put at the top of a group or something like that. Okay. So I probably, I probably would not use a feature unless Matthias says, oh, let's use it here. And then we talked about it at the okay.

Speaker 1  48:16
Yeah, fine. Sure. So this would almost be the right scenario to use it. But like, since it's, you know, their shop schedule, and you want to see if if new jobs are added to the schedule, they'll show up automatically without needing to refresh the page. But if it's not sorting properly, then yeah, I think that would get a little bit annoying.

Speaker 3  48:40
Are they? Where's this? Would this just be displayed on someone's computer?

Speaker 1  48:45
Right, and I think I'm not exactly sure what their workflow is. But I think out in their shop, they have a workstation setup that has that has an on it. But I'm not sure open all the time, or if they, you know, if the users log in and out to chat, and whatnot.

Speaker 3  49:04
Now, what they could do is, if the reports fast and up, they could just use a browser extension to set up a refresh on it. But autumn I mean, out there, it automatically refreshes every, you know, five minutes or something like that. You don't want it. You don't want it refreshing every 10 seconds, because sometimes they walk up to it and then bam, it's refreshing on them. But you could refresh it every single minute or five minutes or something. That's interesting. Do that with an experiment that works well personal like a wall board or something. So and you just pick the happy medium, realizing that they don't hit it quite right then it will probably refresh out from under them.

Unknown Speaker  49:51
Right. Right.

Unknown Speaker  50:01
Okay I'm gonna join the other call and I think you'll get better sound

Unknown Speaker  50:04
okay

Unknown Speaker  50:37
okay I'm back

Unknown Speaker  50:41
okay

Speaker 1  50:46
rate let's see the next question here on this schedule report has to do with the groupings and

Speaker 1  51:01
actually first filtering so we had this service locations multi select and we were toying with the idea of having a view that that drops that drop down that shows the view option of shop service trucker all sure that this is this is a master report that then gets split out into future yep however so with that view we had to think through Can we can we use that view to show basically what that need to do is if the Select shop it only shows shop service it needs to show everything but shop and then everything including shop reasonable is there a better way to go about that?

Speaker 2  51:58
If I would change it I make I change the view to the shop truck and all and then I would just say that this view is really stupid. It will just search for locations containing that word does that make sense? Right You don't have to field anything otherwise we're gonna have to put a field on the records that say is this the shop record is this track record?

Speaker 1  52:28
Right? So then we have to assume that they're always going to have the word shop in in their location. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 2  52:39
Which I mean we got it mean if you want to we can even validate that location either has to have the word shop or truck

Speaker 1  52:49
Oh, what is this would just be essentially this would be shop and this would be not shop and this would be everything.

Speaker 2  52:59
Shop non shop or even oh it's just as far as searching that'd be fine. So do we ship a shop? Do we ship a shop record or not?

Unknown Speaker  53:09
I was thinking we will Yeah, sure.

Unknown Speaker  53:14
And they're not going to they're not ready to expand into shop one shop two yet, I guess. Right. And we can always code that later yeah, I mean, it wouldn't be hard to Kona that way if it's if it's so yeah yeah, that'd be fine. That'd be fine

Unknown Speaker  53:43
okay

Speaker 1  53:56
okay, and then does that complicate things in with this service locations multiselect well no I guess in the this to this show, since this

Unknown Speaker  54:09
we could filter down the service locations for you then right

Speaker 2  54:18
now are you actually putting all in the drop list or can we just let blank be all

Unknown Speaker  54:23
Yeah, we can do that Sure. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  54:37
Okay, and then in here in

Speaker 2  54:39
Oregon one step further back as I don't mind if you call the droplist shop and service truck and we just assume that if it you know, if it is a shop record then it's shop and otherwise it's it's it's ugly. It sure must be a truck right If it's easier for them to think about calling the second one a truck, rather than calling it not shop.

Speaker 1  55:07
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, no, that's actually what I was thinking I was gonna be perfectly sure. I was thinking with that. Yep. They're cool. So the group by it if the view filter is sharp, we have we have grouping if it's service truck, we have a different grouping. And if the view is service truck, we're going to be skipping the quality control grouping the quality control stage, because that sort of strike jobs don't use that. Do we need to specifically say that we can exclude quality control?

Unknown Speaker  55:44
Because there will never be any records in that group?

Speaker 1  55:48
Okay, so if the grouping is empty, it just won't show the.

Unknown Speaker  55:51
Exactly. It'll never show up.

Unknown Speaker  55:54
Sounds good?

Unknown Speaker  56:01
Okay, so just a few more. No, this one actually. One doesn't, that's not relevant anymore. Because change to be sure. That's better than I need to. So we're going to have that master report, then we have the shop schedule report.

Speaker 1  56:35
And the truck schedule report, and then a mice go to report that is the current logged in user and, and all

Speaker 2  56:45
is there a better term than view? Because you can go so many different directions if you start scanning around in different places. You're so like, location, category? service type, location, type? Um,

Unknown Speaker  57:09
location, view,

Unknown Speaker  57:12
location view, that'd be fine.

Unknown Speaker  57:18
Yeah. We're location category, I kind of like category to

Speaker 2  57:30
location. Okay, here's another thing, instead of adding the uses GC, a general control uses whatever, then I think we just display location category on the lookup record, but that we just use it do it with this macro. contains a hit contains a workshop? Or you change the Yeah, that'd be one way to do it. Another way to do it is okay, see, I can also almost imagine that for quality control at some point there, they may end up with, with certain kinds of jobs that they say, Oh, this one won't have quality control. But But I think that's fine. Even that doesn't make any difference here. You know, we could somebody on the incident have a checkboxes that defaults to whether or not it's going to use quality control. But yeah, and then I think we just display the location category on the on the screen and then that's what we use to drive this

Unknown Speaker  58:48
sir.

Speaker 2  58:58
And then we change the rules so that the quality control is we just hard coded quality control is used for if the location category is sharp. Okay.

Speaker 1  59:19
Do we still have the users quality control checkbox, but then it

Speaker 2  59:25
oh, you know that or we don't and we just hard code it. How we're back because now we have a field that we can't hard code it on.

Unknown Speaker  59:38
I could go either way, but

Speaker 2  59:49
it may depend how likely it is that we'll ever want to have a shop that doesn't use quality control or a truck that does but it sounds like they don't really expect that Write

Speaker 2  1:00:07
the other way, the other way to do it, which should be quite clear, is also have the user's quality control. Just be a read only checkbox that says, you know, the categories, the shop. So that's it shows a read only checkbox.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:24
How do you like that?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:27
Huh? Yes.

Speaker 2  1:00:28
Otherwise, you're starting to get them out of sync with Well, I mean, maybe it doesn't matter

Speaker 2  1:00:39
it's not that I had I, we could also make it independent. I don't think I care at all. Actually, you choose. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:52
No, you have to

Unknown Speaker  1:00:53
drop. I do.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:55
You want to talk in 15 minutes?

Speaker 1  1:00:58
Or I probably just let it go to some other things.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:04
Okay. Sounds fair. Yeah. Good. Well, we'll plan to talk more than on Thursday. Yeah, yep. Thank you.

Speaker 1  1:01:14
Yep. Thank you very much. Yep. Next time. My


Transcribed by https://otter.ai