Matthias Miller  00:00
So sad. Alright, so first of all we have to do is go to User folders, new file, we're going to do a template, which is going to be an email template. And we're going to put it where do you want it? Logistics?

Unknown Speaker  00:18
Yeah, that Ohio folder.

Matthias Miller  00:20
Ohio reports. Okay, and this is a daily Ohio logistics update. Is that what it is? Sure.

Speaker 1  00:31
Well, I mean, do you want to name it the same as what the No, that's fun. It there's going to be too at can you do two files? Can you do two files inside the same email?

Matthias Miller  00:42
Sure. Oh, yeah. Yeah, two files. Send me mail.

Speaker 1  00:45
Okay, perfect. Yes. Ohio daily logistics update? Yes.

Matthias Miller  00:57
Email, what is it? Notification. Okay, so nope, not you. Okay, so you have to use the lb expressions. We use this for the sending address, which is just set to something. Come on. And Josh, for Josh, this is files that insight. Is that what it is? And it looks right. Yep. All right, then for attachments. We go to

Speaker 1  01:41
and I'm assuming you have to change those to default to excel, right?

Matthias Miller  01:45
Yeah, so what you do is you let me add them first I'll show you how to send Excel. So then here, you do do these Avast prompts.

Speaker 1  01:54
None that need to be filled their audit, they're automatically set.

Matthias Miller  01:59
Okay, but we still need to. We need the delimiters sweet, three dots to default them comma, output file equals driver.

Speaker 1  02:10
Wait till the three dots activates the default settings that the last prompt

Unknown Speaker  02:20
that I'm getting. Okay. Look at that stupid three dots and gone. Why are the three dots here?

Matthias Miller  02:27
Yeah. So then what we're going to do is we're going to do the date. And then daily, sorry, this is the

Speaker 1  02:42
drivers schedules that tag the date to the end of the of the file name.

Matthias Miller  02:47
It's, I'm putting it at the beginning. If you want it at the end, sure. Okay, so you do like that. And then basically all we need to do is the

Matthias Miller  03:09
Okay, so we save. Now we're going to run this thing, run this thing

Matthias Miller  03:22
and you can't download them, but

Unknown Speaker  03:29
there they are. But that will show up as a file in the in the Raspberry Pi.

Matthias Miller  03:35
Okay, so then then the way you schedule it in scheduled tasks, we'll do a new task. We'll call this daily Ohio logistics update. Yep. And I'm gonna make it run as me. You. Free daily. Yes. What

Speaker 1  03:58
is it? Wait, wait, wait, wait, is there a weekly? And then you said your Monday? Yeah. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. And Friday? Yeah, not not. Yeah, perfect. server time for 4am. Sure.

Matthias Miller  04:14
Okay, then we append the command line. And then we go into the Command Explorer. And you want the email command. You go browsing for this guy. Shared.

Matthias Miller  04:30
Daily, here's an email template. Just to keep it from going crazy. You say you should never send more than 10 emails. It's just a sanity thing. And then we take the command for scheduled tasks here. We got we take this here. Copy it, put it right here in the command line. Boom, you're done.

Unknown Speaker  04:49
You got to be kidding me. Sweet


Transcribed by https://otter.ai