Matthias Miller  00:00
running. We had it on for just a few days. And I don't recall whether it overlapped and then we turned it off for a week and a half that just turned on Friday or Saturday.

Speaker 1  00:16
Cool. To kind of run an audit, I think have everyone done a quote for just to get a feel. I'm not sure who's on a campaign right now or not bless you see choke?

Matthias Miller  00:33
Water. Good way to start a morning.

Matthias Miller  00:42
Yeah, it'll be interesting to see who, how this how this affects how this affects leads.

Matthias Miller  00:54
So that an update on the on the email notifications

Matthias Miller  01:04
I haven't heard back from Josh, who needs to be involved to basically I have all my pieces in place needs to be involved to roll this out. So I'll probably go ahead. And I'll go ahead and add support for SMS notifications as well. So we can get this rolling sooner rather than later. And you guys can decide whether you want to opt into that or not. And yeah, so that's kind of an update. I'd love to hear a little bit more from you guys, how yesterday went? And yeah, any further things that you guys are saying? Go ahead, and you want to go first.

Speaker 2  01:52
Okay, so yesterday had 12 new leads, I was only able to have conversations with two of them. But one resulted in a 10 minute conversation, which was really good, since I'm out a quote, guy named Casey. And then another one was about a four minute conversation, the lady was very like, you know, to the point. And I definitely saw like matching her pace and tone helpful. So that was good, sent her out a quote, I had a few people give me a call back from like emails and voicemails, which was good to see. So I was able to get them out a quote. And they actually had an urgent need. And I did receive a few custom posts back from Michael that I was able to send out. So I'll be following up with him today. Yeah, that's pretty much my day yesterday, I'm gonna reach back out to people that I wasn't able to reach yesterday, and then all the other people in the pipeline that I need to follow up with. So hopefully I can reach some of those new leads today that I had yesterday. Oh, just continuing to build the pipeline. And I see very good, even going.

Speaker 1  03:03
That's nice to hear that you were able to get that like urgent need quote out there. Those are always interesting when folks are like, ready for that building.

Speaker 2  03:14
Yeah, hopefully they have that same energy today. Yeah,

Speaker 1  03:17
for sure. Man day was similar had right around 15 leads. And then I was behind and had quite a bit of follow up to do with folks from being out six. So I focused primarily on that did get caught up, which was good. But there is quite a bit of follow up leads ahead of me today, I don't have any current live leads right now. I've already called them this morning are left voicemails. So my goal today, I would I want to take, I want to take the entire list of leads that I have. And I want to go through to the ones that are quoted and really fill out their contact record a little bit better, because some of them have first names first name instead of first name, last name in the contact record. For most of them have an address because they've been quoted, so they've at least verbally given me their address. So I want to swing over to the dealer portal and enter that so that we could at least have a nice clean. I mean, it's about 30 people to have a nice clean contact record for them. And then I'll move into you know, those that haven't been quoted yet and try to similarly like just do a clean clean up the data, while it's a little quiet on live leads to call. So that's just my goal. Try to keep the data clean so that we do reporting and exporting. You know, things are looking good if we end up doing mailers or we're sending out samples to people just want to keep it as simple as possible. Well, that's one more work on today.

Matthias Miller  04:49
Sounds good. Oh, a wind from yesterday. Marissa, I saw that. Danny, you reached out A minute and 14 seconds after, oh, you hit the CRM. Nice. So that's good now that the sad thing is we didn't. We didn't it didn't hit the CRM for 12 minutes. So we gotta solve that problem. That's not your problem to fix. Okay. That's good. So that's, that's good news.

Speaker 1  05:23
Yeah. News. A call a woman yesterday, Matthias, Ernie was Sheila. And it was a similar experience, I caught her. It was not, it was not 12 seconds or whatever. It was minutes. But she was saying, Oh, thank you for getting back to me so quickly. So she was kind of in that state of mind still, having filled out a questionnaire. It was a good conversation, but I'm I'm noticing a high level of folks reaching out because they want these to be tiny homes. And I know that's probably pretty, concurrent, I'm sure with what you're seeing on lots as well. There are a lot of folks looking at these as tiny homes and asking those types of questions. They're not looking at storage sheds, they want to leave in the building. So just want to make note of that. No, you guys need as much feedback as we can provide. So,

Matthias Miller  06:26
so regarding that, just FYI, Facebook and Google. First of all, there are fairly strong legal guidelines regarding Equal Opportunity housing, and restricts how you can advertise any kind of housing. And Facebook and Google have already gotten wary of us just because of the type of structure that we're advertising. So we don't from certainly from an advertising standpoint, we can't we can't mention that. We're it puts us under a whole host of restrictions on how we can advertise. But it could be possible to two possibilities. I see. One is one is and kind of the opening conversation. And I'm not sure at what point you guys are hitting this, this point in the process, but you know, dividing between between whether they're looking for housing or whether they're looking for storage, or looking for a tiny home for storage. It's also possible at some point that we could we could get a either have an autoresponder series that's specifically tailored towards tiny homes, like basically give them a chance to click a link or something within within their well. Yeah, within their autoresponder series to direct them in one direction or the other then have something that's tailored for them to be if they are looking for that and having I guess for people who are going on the tiny home, so follow up question from that then would be for people who are going on the tiny home path, what is their? Do they have any types of objections? Do they seem still seem interested? What's the response? Like?

Speaker 1  08:17
They seem like they're in a preliminary budgeting stages, like they're the folks that are soon to be acquiring land, and they're starting to kind of calculate, how much is this going to cost me overall to, you know, move off grid live on three acres in the middle of the woods and put a shed on it. And they're more in a discovery phase. I think anyone that is in a tiny home situation is probably long pipeline lead because they have so many components, they have to put in place, not a bad lead, but certainly a larger purchase because they're going larger in size, but it's probably a longer relationship time to you know, stay in touch with them until that purchase point. That seems to be kind of a contrast to someone that's looking for a storage option, they obviously have a place to put it, they want it right away because they have a need. So two different types of customer that answer your question.

Matthias Miller  09:32
Does make sense?

Speaker 1  09:34
Yeah, I was almost wondering that guys. If we have eventually in assist if we'll have the ability to tag the clients with some type of filtering method, whether they're looking for storage or they're looking for a tiny home because that can help us. You know, if I have someone quoted and they want storage, I'm more apt to call them every three days because they they need to pull the trigger and grab that storage shed version. says you know I'm working with this one lady her name is Stephanie she's still she still needs of our property. But she's very, very interested in buying from us once that accomplished but that's going to be a multiple month process for her to get the property and then all of the things that lead into that almost want to be able to siphon just like with the email campaign like put those interested in tiny home focus in a category maybe we put them in a drip campaign just to keep the stickiness going but we're not calling them every week because they're not ready although I did talk with her about you know, early downpayment options like start that cash buying process now and then you'll have a paid for house by the time you want it, but so something for the future, I think that would be a good thing is to triage the tiny home interested folks versus the storage or barn or garage? Customer

Matthias Miller  11:03
something we could do in the short term is use the opportunity description. Yeah, just once you know just fill it in with tiny home or storage.

Unknown Speaker  11:14
Yeah it'll be a good way to separate it.

Speaker 1  11:22
Yeah, that will come up under the Matthias that comes up under the contact record right.

Matthias Miller  11:28
It's on the opportunity record.

Unknown Speaker  11:31
Okay. Make sure I'm using this correctly.

Matthias Miller  11:35
Oh, and by the way, the links fault actually, let me confirm this is actually true. Before I tell you it is email

Matthias Miller  11:58
Okay, nevermind too so we had removed the description from the opportunities report because it was basically redundant, but we we could bring that back

Speaker 1  12:24
Yeah, I think as a as a user of assist and I have already asked for a couple of modifications you've added like the phone number column, and, you know, kind of removing some things that aren't as relevant but like seeing all these categories abandoned, last quoted, qualified, and then not yet qualified. anything there that is like a very poignant marker is extremely helpful because I think that's where that's where our eyes are mostly, that's where you kind of absorb the most data. So I don't know if that makes sense to have an opportunity with the type of descriptor that can show up in the dashboard of all the opportunities if that makes sense

Matthias Miller  13:33
we could do a we could do a sub grouping by opportunity description that would be fairly easy. If you refresh you can take a look at it. Okay.

Speaker 1  13:51
So I see contacts displaying description lead source referral source that

Matthias Miller  13:57
I'm sorry here let me show this if you open up the opportunities page, having a sub grouping so everything will initially appear under Custom quit for shed and then as you go into the opportunity and modify it to

Matthias Miller  14:25
and then come back

Unknown Speaker  14:27
it'll Yeah, I see. You Yes. That's excellent.

Matthias Miller  14:33
Let's group them together and so you can see under not yet qualified which are which are which. That's excellent. Awesome. Okay. As for storage comes before T for tiny home storage will be at the top.

Speaker 2  14:50
Okay. Is there a way so sometimes I see like three injuries for one person soon. And just to clean it up a little bit, is there a way we can like go in and manually delete the extra? Like the duplicate ones? Or should we just like put that under close? And maybe like, select the reason, a close reason? What will be the best way to kind of clean that up a little bit?

Matthias Miller  15:21
Well, the, the ideal way probably would be, it's a little long handled. But to go into, it depends on whether you want to if you want to keep the app the let me find one that actually wanna Oh, nevermind. Okay, so let's say that this is the one I want to get rid of one of the, if you want to keep the communication, you could go into here and tie it out to the other opportunity, that being 44. And then, then you would still have those initial things that they filled out. And then yes, I think the best way to go from there is just simply to close it out and abandoned probably is the best is the best option for that. We really should stop creating multiple, if you have an unqualified opportunity for a contact, we should not create a second

Speaker 3  16:25
opportunity, but it is what it is right now and will some ballistic, clean up some time.

Speaker 1  16:38
Thank you for adding those notes back Matthias that's really going to help me today as I'm going through and kind of just focusing on cleaning up data so that I have a very nice clean pipeline to work with, you know, the bigger it gets, the tougher it is to keep all that detail organized. So that's going to be very helpful. I hope it'll be helpful for reporting too. So over time, we can see who where is this interest and hopefully be able to drive tactfully marketing market tiny Yes.

Matthias Miller  17:09
Yeah, well, yeah. And we have said that we have the data in the system already to tie this. I think I mentioned this earlier. tie this back to to marketing sources and there's there's a lot that could for sure, there's a lot that could still be done but right there's only so many hours in a day

Speaker 1  17:31
is there anything you need from like us as a Online team today? Since we're a little quiet online please anything you want us to really focus in on any thing we can you know, pick up and run with lighten the load

Matthias Miller  17:52
how interested are you guys in texting prospects?

Speaker 2  17:57
I'm very interested in that. I would love to do that. I feel like I think that we'll we'll get a lot more replies because I think people that's just kind of a convenient way for people to it's so fast. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  18:12
So let me see how do i for a keyboardist is Come on. Okay, give me a moment. Let me let me send some stuff over to you Hello, how

Speaker 1  18:37
excited you are to hear that Yes. I've been waiting for someone to ask me about texting

Speaker 2  18:44
the app is for the calls. I was like is there a way to text in this thing? Yeah. Me Oh, sorry.

Unknown Speaker  18:54
No, go ahead.

Speaker 2  18:56
I was just saying even if somebody may be in a meeting or something I feel like they might even reply to a text like it's coming in

Matthias Miller  19:05
Okay, so the short answer is I just sent you a message This is with three CX let me see if I can find anything online

Matthias Miller  19:22
assists but who is their provider? Let me see if we can find from Daniel who.

Matthias Miller  19:50
Since he was talking to his three CX partner about about setups and I don't know if there's so I think the thing here would be I don't know if you guys have Have avenues to reach out and find out. Yeah, let me just check this out let me see if I can get a contact or a this is basically the issue that needs to be resolved. We need to make sure that we're registered properly and follow the proper proper requirements are sending text messages. So

Unknown Speaker  21:00
it's interesting, I didn't know there was such a regulation around texting

Matthias Miller  21:19
so that is something that you guys, one of you could certainly research. Find out more about what? What options are for business texting, especially given that it's some form of outbound marketing? Well, I mean, they've reached out to us. So that may establish a business relationship, and it may cause those conversations to fall under separate guidelines. But that would be something that you guys could do. Again, anything from you, Mike?

Speaker 4  21:57
It was good to listen in. And and you're the feedback when interesting point was being mentioned on high volumes of tiny who interest? And it seems like definitely a movement and get a little more organized than that. I think there's a big future on that. But obviously, we have this kind of controlled storage, it's finished in the inside people can then a lot of people do actually purchase these. And then, you know, take it from there finish it out from that point. One opportunity that it seems like maybe could, we could dig into a little bit more would be finding areas in West Virginia that are applicable for us to deliver to, like the really, really rugged mountainous areas are difficult for deliveries, but there are areas within our delivery range that I think we could serve as well. reasonable size, of course, but typically tiny homes aren't really big. The little interesting point that driving at West Virginia is their laws are much less stringent on housing up there. So seems like there may be some pretty good opportunity there if we bet a little bit deeper. And you've just discovered there are some changing laws in North Carolina concerning codes. In some studies we did last week on contractor's license. So certain criterias for that have been changed that may affect a little bit the way we could look at this. So I guess my long ramble and in my long ramble, with a little bit more research, I think we could get a little bit more strategic on our approach.

Speaker 1  24:02
We'll continue to document that I think are notetaking. To kind of add to that, Michael, because we're going potentially to build that out in the future, tagging those contacts, being able to go back on those notes and review what were those customer high value questions, high value items, to be able to streamline that in the future. Kind of feel like we're in a research and development stage, even though you guys are beyond that as a company but in that particular area. It's like I want to know more from the customer. What are they looking for? Sure.

Speaker 4  24:43
That's all that's all I had this morning. Matthias, appreciate.

Matthias Miller  24:48
Good. Anything else that I will, hopefully this morning has some text messages applications, at least as an option. No Oh yeah midday early afternoon

Speaker 3  25:04
and yes all if you need anything already awesome thank you have a great day thanks


Transcribed by https://otter.ai