Unknown Speaker  00:00
again

Unknown Speaker  00:01
okay

Matthias Miller  00:04
find the recording of with Dwayne site Email Plus scheduled task

Unknown Speaker  00:26
FYI check the Raspberry Pi at 4am Tomorrow morning you will have two files all right hallelujah

Matthias Miller  00:43
you know sweet that is

Speaker 1  00:48
you don't even know what you just you don't even want to know what you just scheduled though but now that I know how to do it where to do it why to do it this is fantastic but hey this is all in the growth of this is all in the growth of inter business relationships so

Matthias Miller  01:11
yep there you go wait we should probably actually at some point it's just because I care you can then categorize these guys which just keep them from becoming a giant mess

Speaker 1  01:46
all right, we really need to work on logistics although I have no desire to because whatever it is

Matthias Miller  01:54
we don't have just a boatload of time

Speaker 1  01:57
well if we don't what what time do you have to be done?

Matthias Miller  02:01
Well I I think until the bottom of the hour although I could possibly go well actually probably shouldn't go past that

Speaker 1  02:12
330 Yeah, so I've got okay fine then then then we're doing and we're doing something else if I only got 10 more minutes okay, go to go to lists a brick and mortar dealer Okay, so I need help with building some of this out. I'm I want to duplicate your online sales. I want to take out some things put some things in and for right now, do I want to add the sales goals? Okay, actually delete that one for right now. Do I want to lose that one? Yeah, I think I do. Actually just leave it there for the moment because what I want to do with that and I don't know, go to go to sales curve, keep that tab go to sales curve. What would it take to make this a a user report enter inject the user for as the sales rep and and compile the goals and sales instead of like in dump the waiting stuff like basically turn this into that that spreadsheet thing that I had

Matthias Miller  03:31
let's see. We weren't sure how this thing works when I do

Speaker 1  03:49
Yeah, so the weights the weight column, I want to go the rolling columns I want to go and I want to compile the goals and the actuals so that you will have always a running compilation in each column per week. Does that make sense? Or you

Matthias Miller  04:01
want to look a rolling total? Yes. Okay, so let's go ask prompts.

Matthias Miller  04:19
All right. We're gonna do this

Matthias Miller  04:52
let's see what are you doing? If I think it's just this Wittering this thing? What's wrong with you way so

Unknown Speaker  08:10
how are you getting sales if you're

Matthias Miller  08:15
oh here's why let's do I think this one can go

Unknown Speaker  08:43
okay

Unknown Speaker  08:45
so how are you getting sales I need to go investigate where Matthias got some sales in here

Matthias Miller  08:57
think it's something like that alright rolling total oh and then you wanted the running total right rolling

Speaker 1  09:03
running whatever it's called leave the goals in the yet leave the goal the regular goal and actual but then the yeah the running total call it white no call it YTD go away to the actual

Matthias Miller  10:01
Wouldn't we do this okay sales goal is calculated based off sales goal amount

Unknown Speaker  10:13
let's do sales curve one to nine weeks I guess this probably won't work like that which do like this weekly sales go

Matthias Miller  11:38
week fringe basically useless my friend actually no that's actually what don't you like be a string that Marik running total no strain some pipe list all right well the fun thing is we can we can make this

Speaker 1  14:34
you all squared I fixed it. Does she have a switch? No. Sorry we didn't use we didn't need a switch. I just needed a data cable. And I left you had two items on there to network Jackson. You did have to network X. Yeah. You're a key member of the party. Give me Give me one minute because this is about the drop anyway now we'll be right They're

Matthias Miller  15:01
okay. I mean, here you go. Do you want the goals side by side goal versus actually? I mean, do you want to gold dollar year to date? Or do you want to want to like this? Now this is this, huh? It was good. Yes.

Speaker 1  15:25
We'll get we'll get firstly about coloring it someday. But do you have it? Do you have it tied to? Yes. The CRM cockpit current sales rep thing? Yes. All right. So then that's fine. You got that saved? Where did you save it?

Matthias Miller  15:41
I'll message it to you. It's under under the online sales team.

Speaker 1  15:48
Perfect. What I'll do then I'll work on trying to get it into that list. And then I'll, we'll do this. We'll do some if I run into issues. I'll we'll talk another time about this. What do we talk next?

Matthias Miller  16:07
We can talk later this week was tomorrow afternoon about Indiana marketing slash lead form, whichever one we want to talk about.

Unknown Speaker  16:18
You're welcome, by the way. I had brought another one into the fold.

Matthias Miller  16:30
So are they is that what they're doing? Yeah.

Speaker 1  16:34
Who we who called I thought you called the meeting I thought you knew who called the meeting.

Matthias Miller  16:40
We went, Oh, I just knew it. This is on your list of things to talk about this in the online sales forum. And so and you'd asked to talk and so I was like, hey, I'll talk I haven't heard a thing. So.

Speaker 1  16:48
Oh, wait, I was assuming by the Indiana marketing thing yesterday I was that you already knew. Oh, so you don't know.

Matthias Miller  16:58
I had no, I don't know think. Oh, no, I do.

Speaker 1  17:01
Not you do. I made the assumption that you knew. I thought this was like we're going to talk about onboarding.

Matthias Miller  17:08
Onboarding. Fine.

Unknown Speaker  17:10
There's not a whole lot for you tonight to talk about but it's happening

Matthias Miller  17:14
well, point number one, come on.

Unknown Speaker  17:22
It was a bit of a pill to swallow as far as price tag but I think they'll get over it.

Matthias Miller  17:27
Okay, well, I mean I'm not quite losing sleep over sales team yet but we are honing I mean like this is just honing it in honing it and honing it in and trying to fix the problems the bottlenecks. Oh, and I gotta drop but it to getting ready to send an email to Gabe and Mike about getting a one day training with Eric

Speaker 1  17:51
good when I get back from italy we're implementing our to sign Josh has done with it. We were holding off on implementation until after we get back because I don't want to try to implement before.

Matthias Miller  18:06
Understood. Sweet times, man. But we should


Transcribed by https://otter.ai