Matthias Miller  00:03
Okay, so when you log into Active Campaign, you see this homepage. And I don't know what all you really need access to. I think here if you paste in the email address of somebody, so you can search contacts, and you can find that contact here. You can see here, the signup time. Emily. So the easiest way is to search by email address because that is the key. That's the link between you know, it is an email autoresponders that's what links the, the customers to here. So you'll see that the campaign was a two point welcome email was sent. And on the right you see these lists of activities to point Nemo is set subscribed to the list by automation, and they entered the welcome series automation. And down here, you can see, we see, we see if you can get more details. Not sure if you can see open activity here. Because she has and we'll go back and we'll take a look at an older and older contact. And then at the point that you that that you would have a conversation with her you would put leave his contact with sales, you would click this to add the tag to this contact. And that will that will basically pause the automation if you want to, you know for some reason she goes dark and can't get ahold of her you can come back in and just click the X for that tag lead has contacted sales and delete the tag back off and the automation should continue running again. So let's go take a look at it David because he was very actively emailing yesterday a few days ago. So again, insert from here or alternatively you can also drill into Contacts and see a list of contacts here and search here. So here's David Schiller email phones that all that information on the welcome list and in here you can see you can see the emails that you got on the right here or you can also see them here as well and if you would want to add somebody manually which I don't probably need to do but you go in to add a contact

Matthias Miller  03:20
and go ahead you're good go ahead and add them to the two point and see welcome I think that's actually all that you have to do

Matthias Miller  03:52
it's good to find that here it is stripe to the list the port contact edit actually I'm not sure if it's going to automatically add them to the to the campaign let me go ahead and go back and see what triggers that the automation instant quote form subscribe. Now. You may be manually add, send a campaign from campaign I'm not sure. Currently, the way it's being triggered is when they complete the form itself. I don't know that there's a way to actually manually add somebody to be auto responder at this point. If we It shouldn't ever be necessary to do that. But if you run into a situation where it is We can discuss that. So pretty straightforward. Any questions on any of that? That was very helpful, visual, just kind of where to go when did this turn on Mathias as far as since running when we started calls three weeks


Transcribed by https://otter.ai