Speaker 1  00:06
Okay, so I think I missed a whole bunch of stuff earlier so I'm going to try recording this again. So this whole thing of this whole thing ties back into the Christian concept of surrender and that it really comes down to surrender and living your life, whereas the religious mindset is all about striving and conforming In fact, Paul himself wrote, do not be conformed, as in don't bend into rules of a system but rather be transformed in other words, don't go into shirts or should not but allow yourself to be transformed from the inside out become a new person and by becoming a new person you'll live out the things that are supposed to be able to doubt, it feels to me like growing up this whole like who I was from the inside was never allowed to manifest within kind of the environment or the religious culture that I was a part of and so in order to gain cultural acceptance. And what actually was not just that it was, it was trained into me from a really young age, that, that conformance to rules, was the proper way to live life, it's just that was just the rules of the game that's how you live life. And, and what ended up happening was that I ended up, ended up needing to give up who I was in, and who I naturally would be in order to meet those expectations. So this whole pattern of living was not centered around authentic living it was centered around rules and and expectations and cultural norms that rejected, who I was. And actually instilled a huge lack of confidence confidence is born from this whole thing of when you see who you are and you allow yourself to just be who you are. That's part of what builds confidence. When, when, who you are is resisted with the shirts shirts not all the questions the judgments and all of these things, it instills a deep self doubt inside of you and like this is something that's actually really deep for me because, because, again, these things have have taken such deep root I have to think of what Melvin police said about me getting out of my own way, which is fine and great I just had no idea how to do it. And I know God's on a process of taking me there but but there's there's this surrender of rules and from from rules and expectations. And it's this trust that if I actually live out who I am, that it will have a positive benefit on myself and other people around me and it's it's taken me absolutely years to figure this out. And there's been a lot of pain inflicted in that journey. And I've inflicted a lot of pain, especially with my kids of expecting them to. a certain way, and instead of allowing them the opportunity to live, live out who they are, and instead of modeling it to them, and so I think I want to continue modeling more. I think this whole thing of this, this whole Christian concept of surrender the whole transformation, I think that's really huge and all of us. It feels like this whole other chef, I feel like a lot of the things that baffled as well, is that Bill Johnson has modeled this whole idea of, of not imposing rules and regulations and not putting limits on what the Spirit does. And sometimes it has critic criticism, and some and it does create messes, but what it ends up doing is it creates an authentic life, Where, where, where people stuff comes to the surface, and it creates opportunities for transformation, because if you stop, if you stop configs, creating rules of conformity around people's outer world, then you start creating the need for people to be transformed from the inside out. And that's a whole other ball game. It's a whole other way of doing church. This is one of my biggest hang ups. I think, Well, maybe not. I don't know. It's probably among the top one of my top hangups with how we do church as a Mennonite culture because it feels like

Speaker 2  03:51
we completely it just feels like we completely miss this. So there's my thoughts on this whole thing.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai