Matthias Miller  01:03
Mark with us hey I just saw your email I just sent an invite the drew but it's also the same link that he's been using in the past that makes the difference

Unknown Speaker  01:23
yeah I catch up here today yes he was just why didn't send that before

Matthias Miller  01:50
that's right he had sent an email with errors I completely

Unknown Speaker  02:02
I hadn't seen that and it completely slipped

Speaker 1  02:09
maybe there's nothing if you need to troubleshoot and then get back to him then that's fine I thought I'll I'll put it on here and if there's there's value in colouring it in a call today to keep it moving that

Unknown Speaker  02:38
yeah

Matthias Miller  02:38
let me see

Unknown Speaker  02:44
there is

Matthias Miller  02:47
I just pull it up real quick and take a look

Unknown Speaker  03:01
at Drew

Unknown Speaker  03:17
Alright, so

Matthias Miller  03:25
we just I had seen your email over the weekend and I forgot to check into it again day on Friday sometime we just take a quick look and see if there's anything that I need from you it's quite possible that this is just a matter of

Unknown Speaker  03:53
1234

Unknown Speaker  04:11
Apparently you said typing count number

Unknown Speaker  04:28
by this list

Speaker 2  04:39
that was after Oh, that was probably the third fourth try

Unknown Speaker  05:03
Here we go Angel accounts list

Speaker 3  05:18
clients list let me take a look at what the restrictions are on the national accounts

Unknown Speaker  05:44
what

Unknown Speaker  05:48
I'm able to add

Unknown Speaker  06:05
my name now

Unknown Speaker  06:24
I don't know order to count prayer

Unknown Speaker  07:19
okay well bottom line

Unknown Speaker  07:23
let's think words

Unknown Speaker  07:33
if account number account my

Unknown Speaker  07:38
account name

Unknown Speaker  07:42
so the financial account joint accounts that's what I'm missing for the account name

Unknown Speaker  08:19
oh

Unknown Speaker  08:26
has something to do with

Unknown Speaker  08:40
did you try

Unknown Speaker  08:44
to try this

Unknown Speaker  08:57
ready to to a war

Unknown Speaker  09:05
18 Okay but if we

Matthias Miller  09:15
right multiple times it could be an issue with it's not updated or we can work around it by multiple running it multiple times it has something to do with nested parent child accounts and importing them.

Unknown Speaker  09:32
But if we

Unknown Speaker  09:34
I think we run this a few times we should be able to get all the way through.

Matthias Miller  09:43
He should see we should be seeing. Yeah, we're seeing fewer and fewer errors with each iteration. And it's because of that right

Unknown Speaker  09:59
all right Ah so

Unknown Speaker  10:04
21 to 37 and still not liking let's try this one more time

Unknown Speaker  10:13
21

Unknown Speaker  10:20
Wanna 32?

Matthias Miller  10:36
Still 21 to 2122 and 32 It is not like so let's go take a look at this one at that and find out what those are

Unknown Speaker  11:10
well

Unknown Speaker  11:29
type account number and

Unknown Speaker  11:43
order sure it's not this one it's gonna fit

Unknown Speaker  11:56
more convenient national account order

Unknown Speaker  12:20
I know exactly which which one this is

Unknown Speaker  12:38
when

Unknown Speaker  12:40
inspecting this one bit I know for sure

Unknown Speaker  12:55
not one okay let me try this again

Matthias Miller  13:06
just a minute often enough we were okay you just had to run it like two times and four times

Unknown Speaker  13:17
last time

Unknown Speaker  13:21
let's do let's do this

Unknown Speaker  13:35
repeatedly and so we get

Unknown Speaker  13:43
imported then

Matthias Miller  13:52
actually let's do this

Unknown Speaker  14:02
and latest assist if it's still an issue yeah for Joel section to the proposal well actually this

Speaker 2  14:31
cool. Now just a quick question, would it be faster to move this account that's in for this company to move it to the other companies or to try to just do the same upload for the other companies? Is there an internal move?

Unknown Speaker  14:53
Probably just as fast as do the same. Same thing.

Unknown Speaker  14:56
Okay. All right.

Matthias Miller  14:58
So I'm not Just a bit get wet so later

Speaker 2  15:07
Yeah, well I mean, for that matter, I don't know that we actually have to have all the all of them right now. If we have one, you know that should be it should be good to go alright. Okay, well thank you.

Unknown Speaker  15:28
Yep you bet thanks

Speaker 1  15:37
good so does that give us that'll allow us to complete setup of chart of accounts for one one company

Unknown Speaker  15:50
yes

Matthias Miller  15:53
so we got we got Showtime in the live system now. And if you want other companies you basically have to rerun the import about a dozen times to get it squared away completely. And you've got that they're good well,

Speaker 1  16:16
that sounds like progress so good okay, let me see if I

Matthias Miller  16:27
could we before we bring Aaron

Speaker 1  16:33
No, go ahead. That's what they ask you go ahead with with what you had

Matthias Miller  16:42
I was wondering if we could just do a quick kind of project management rundown where things are at Yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  17:01
All right, so payroll module. I see that in the list today to talk about implementation plan Josh sorry, Seth is wrapping up just a few small pieces on the employee verification report

Speaker 1  17:22
Mark ID my email response I just sent on criminology I did not on old terminology I don't know if we want to pull that up

Matthias Miller  17:44
think that's the only place it's mentioned

Speaker 1  17:49
okay. I think that makes a lot of sense on our payout or yeah

Matthias Miller  18:10
awesome, I like it. Thanks for pointing that out. See, cool. Excuse me All right. So

Matthias Miller  18:31
then there is also this question of how we want to handle

Matthias Miller  18:45
how do we how do we want to handle the employees that are working for two shops in Ohio? Did you did you have a plan for that? You figure something out

Speaker 1  18:57
No, I did not have a plan I mean, I think it's I don't know of any other ways to do that other than it just be a manual process where Okay, the only thing that would be helpful and no one that is so the only way that I know to overcome that is if they employ Mylon works. Let's say he's typically ABC too many works one day at ABC one. The only way that I know how to properly handle that is for that day that he's working at then he's helping out at the other company is B would consider his hours non pool hours for that day so that he gets paid for that day at the non pool rate. At All buying for his payroll. But then, in order to avoid overpaying the other company, you have to lower the pool by approximately the amount of basically that amount. So if he's if he's none non pool rate is $27 an hour and he works 10 hours that day helping out the other, we would simply subtract $270 from other companies pool. They of course got more, they built more chips because they had somebody extra helping them. So that's basically what they're doing now just a manual process just doing adjustments to the pool. Do you have thoughts? Or do you have any thoughts on how that could be? That could be automated. My thought was it just needs to be a manual process.

Matthias Miller  21:03
I don't know if if automation is quite the right thing. Maybe another option would be? Can we give him a negative discretionary bonus for the secondary company to zero out his payroll? And then give him a positive discretionary bonus on the other side? To get him paid that amount, so he would just see a discretionary bonus. The time working with the other company is just a discretionary bonus lump sum. No, unless you guys want to give him both pay stubs?

Speaker 1  21:41
Oh, no, no, he would my thought was he would still only get one pay stub, we just the time spent working for the other company is just is listed as non gold. Yeah, just like if you were slurring shares?

Unknown Speaker  22:04
So I think it's it's up to you

Matthias Miller  22:17
it seems to me, my approach is makes it clear where the money is going and how it's being transferred around.

Unknown Speaker  22:27
With Okay, and with your approach with that the money from the other companies pulled in

Matthias Miller  22:38
from the owner. What did we call it now the owner share of the other company

Unknown Speaker  22:46
know from the employer?

Matthias Miller  22:49
It would, yes, the other company is cool. They would sell the full production pool that whatever percentage his wages would get paid out of that would get deducted from that what would this do to the owner payout but then he would have a negative discretionary bonus. But we would never actually write the check for him. And so we'd have a negative discretionary bonus that we'd effectively your company that for the Indian retail

Speaker 1  23:26
you would do a negative discretionary bonus. Okay, not a negative labor intensive building amount but a negative reactionary bonus.

Speaker 1  23:44
And that would, okay, so that would clearly note why we were deducting the other company's pool.

Matthias Miller  23:53
Yeah, you'd have that on the we'd have that on the timecard then it's basically you know, work for secondary plant. And then on his main company, you would add a discretionary bonus for that. For that amount, okay.

Speaker 1  24:10
So admin adding a discretionary bonus, or why would you favor that over? Well, okay, so how we would calculate his discretionary bonus. So your thought is the amount of would be seen like the negative and the positive amounts and institutional pools would obviously be the same. And you would manage we would just have to calculate that like $27 An hour times 10 hours or whatever the situation might be, right.

Matthias Miller  24:44
Yeah, whatever the total shows on his pay stub. So

Speaker 1  24:52
then, Are there advantages to the I understand from the other company that he's helping out to show it As a negative discretionary bonus there, but then the second company, or the company where he's actually the other company where he's listed. Are there advantages to showing that? Again, as a discretionary bonus versus just non pool and pool hours?

Speaker 1  25:36
Well, what I'm thinking is, I think the best way to I like that approach, because you can see your negative discretionary bonus, you can see why we're lowering the pool. Okay, how will that affect? The FDI amounts, the FDI labor amounts on those buildings set? The negative discretionary bonus won't lower the amount on the buildings built that week or will it? Like if they have 100,000 and savander Send, you know, $7,000? No, okay, am I correct that the only time the FTA labor value is changed, we have a default percentage that's built into FDI. And then be that percentage unless we have a labor intensive building. That's the only time that that labor would change. Okay. I like your approach, and I think showing it as a negative discretionary bonus makes a lot of sense, you can see where the money's going on the initial one and then on the secondary, or the nominee where he's listed as an employee. The estimate would be cleaner to on that, because he's typically going to have none other non pool hours as well to just

Speaker 1  27:28
15 or 20 non pool hours rather than doing questionary bonus there. But I think the best thing to do would just be to just take up take one week and test it and

Speaker 1  27:54
that works. I don't see any reason why it does. Why it would not.

Matthias Miller  28:00
Okay, I will just shoot you the basic notes that I have

Matthias Miller  28:11
you guys can can take it from there. She and I are you comfortable saying balls in your court? We believe it's gonna work and you're like, No, it doesn't. Yeah,

Speaker 1  28:29
well, that. Yeah. So I know you're anxious to hand this project off. Like do the handoff and move on to they're things. Maybe you're getting to that what what does, and I think that's good.

Unknown Speaker  28:49
Where are you at with that? Or what?

Matthias Miller  28:55
Oh, I don't really think there's anything on my end. Well, the only thing that's left on our end is possible terminology changes for production versus non production. And Seth will not be able to do that. We make the verification report changes easily enough to start talking about owner payouts which probably would be good. The more in depth changes is going to be basically be me and Jonathan slogging through the payroll system and looking at all references to pools and figuring out whether that's an owner payout or whether it's a it's an actual pool or in looking at progresses nonprime terminology and straightening all that stuff out. But that's not a showstopper and making those changes. It's not going to disrupt disrupt usage.

Speaker 1  30:05
So, and then you're going to do the hand and off before you make the accounting impact, the accounting impact portion of payroll, right, that would be two separate. You want to hand off what we have currently. And then those changes are coming at a later module.

Matthias Miller  30:31
But yeah, within the next month, I mean, to me, that would make the most sense. There's no reason not to start using the payroll module right away.

Speaker 1  30:40
I can see agree. And so define handled like, typically we don't? Well, in the past, we usually haven't had an official handle of like, how does that what happens when you say, Okay, we've done the handle? Sort of, okay, it's pretty much good, where we'll start using it. And if we find glitches, we'll let you know, which is not ideal.

Matthias Miller  31:07
Well, what we've done in the past is, and we've actually done this once already for the payroll module, is we'll do a video call and do a walkthrough of the whole feature. So that there's some reference to go back to. As I recall, we did that already about a year ago, and Dwayne's got that video somewhere? I'm not sure where

Matthias Miller  31:33
I don't know. How much more is really required. At this point, you guys have been testing, it's just a matter of saying, Okay, now we're like we're actually using this

Speaker 1  31:56
So, do you have a mate who needs to be on that call? There's no, no user? No need for Aaron right to be on that is it? Is there that would add

Matthias Miller  32:11
value? I don't know that there necessarily would be if there would be I would probably opt for doing it sometime when Jews in the office were between is going to be in Ohio in the near future that you guys could do a screen share as well. But without that, I wouldn't see. I wouldn't see need for that.

Speaker 1  32:36
I'd say just plan to do that with Dwayne and then. Yeah. But a Wow. Okay. We'll get into that more today on payroll module next steps. I think what you and Erin and Ben started working or looking at Thursday, I think having making sure that we can do a few of those. There, yeah. I'm kind of hijacking. I'll shut up and let you know I agree with the project management piece. I agree.

Matthias Miller  33:19
Um, okay. So, main thing Drew has on his plate his testing FTA allocation and testing accounting and the test system. I think those are all tied together. Is there any and we just fixed his accounting blocker on that is there anything any updates that we should be aware of wherever neither of those pieces

Speaker 1  33:48
No, I think the next thing that while the next thing that he is planning to have him work on is then take that enter a month of Benz's. So that we can then see like what was incurred for a month, like what was the production labor we incurred for this month, and then take that and do another FDI allocation, look at the Labor the overhead and the

Unknown Speaker  34:32
materials to make we walk through all of those and make sure that

Speaker 1  34:39
that's kind of the once we successfully on that, that's kind of the climax of what we've been working towards on FDI allocation things so I think what we had left that was Well, it's already called through work with Ben on if we can work that information like the accounts payable or expenses report from the IMS portion and import it into the accounting side of things not manually all of those transactions

Matthias Miller  35:35
putting the FDI allocation information

Speaker 1  35:40
for the No, not the FTA. Like the the what we're paying or approving to pay every every every week do like all of the expenses incurred for a month.

Speaker 1  36:06
But we're going to need the Chart of Accounts mapping before we can do that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  36:14
Well, now that we've got basically,

Speaker 1  36:18
the next step is, Drew's now got the chart of accounts in the accounting system. And we're already using the chart of accounts in a slightly different way in IMS, then you're going to do a mapping to connect those to see what connect those two together, then I say okay, now, rather than just have all the expenses going up in IMS portion, we're going to bring that directly into the accounting system, enter them as real transactions that we can see at the end of a period like a month, how much did we pay for production overhead in a month time so that we can so that we have a number to wrap your hands around? This is what was actually what did I put production overhead actually cause for a month we can use that to do our allocation.

Matthias Miller  37:19
So I think we're gonna block out some time already blocked out some time after this call, to go through the informal mapping of GL accounts versus versus the accounting GL accounts versus the skew GL accounts. And see how how well those match up and I can send them if there's any discrepancies, send them over to you and drew to chase down. And then I can talk through Josh sent me some issues on on that accounting impact that we need for we're pushing that stuff across and I can get his questions answered and we can touch base on our call today then. As far as where that's happened that appears to me the AP accounting impact is the one thing that's that's as the one thing that you guys really need to keep testing is that right?

Unknown Speaker  38:27
So

Speaker 1  38:30
define what the AP accounting impact is the AP accounting impact. Are you talking about the what you've laid out in the proposal you sent out last week?

Matthias Miller  38:42
Yes, and it would basically be it would basically be pushing vendor invoices into accounting and then that's effectively what it is.

Speaker 1  38:53
Yeah, that is the one thing we need for testing. I thought were we had we had said last week that you had manual or somewhat manual just maybe Import Export Export Import. But it does Josh have this developed to a point where not happening now already?

Unknown Speaker  39:19
I don't I don't know where he's at with it. We'll find out this afternoon.

Speaker 1  39:29
Would you still recommend we do go back and look at maybe product look at the month of July and that may like we had planned or we'll know after you've talked to Josh that we'll have a better idea.

Matthias Miller  39:48
Well, practically speaking, you're not gonna get a lot of data entry done before we talk in the morning so I would

Speaker 1  39:56
be YEAH. OKAY. YEAH. Let's let's just regroup then

Matthias Miller  40:05
we can make an informed decision. Alright, so coding by August 31, then Asset Management and depreciation schedule that's in joules court. Jonathan added restrictions to sales sort of raw material costs that's just waiting some basic wrap up and that'll be live might actually be available to you already. I'm not sure Joel's got some accounting settings he needs to reconfigure. Got some stuff I need to code with Jonathan and FTI buildings excluding some FGI buildings. Josh is working on ACH payments, hopefully by the end of the year

Unknown Speaker  40:48
breaking up.

Matthias Miller  40:51
I can I can, I can hear you know if it's the last a better

Unknown Speaker  40:57
60 seconds. Yeah, that's better now. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  41:02
So I'm not quite sure where that started. Asset Management is in Joel's court to get that developed. Keeping salespeople from entering raw material costs and sales orders that's basically done just needs a little wrap up from Jonathan Bergen. Joel has some mechanics things move. It's in his court. We do have some issues with FTI buildings. It seems to seems perhaps, we're not able to exclude certain buildings from FTI. So I'm going to take a look at that with Jonathan at some point, or by the end of the month which Audra, we should see if we can get scheduled some time with for me and Jonathan, take a look at that. Only 60 minutes to be safe. Outbound ACH payments Josh is trying to get done by September 30. I am going to actually needs to be this week. This afternoon. Actually, I'm going to be putting the report together to compare GL accounts check printing needs my design spec in my court judge Oles working on cash flow statements in his court talking to Joshua up impact this afternoon. AR requires is waiting on deposit process primarily payroll module requiring waiting on me to spec out the process for anything through things with the vendor invoices. Intersection and income statement is on Joe's plate but probably won't come until closer to mid September I don't know for sure. Here's the considered contra account reconciliation process. Sure. And then transaction verification report is in my court to spec out.

Unknown Speaker  43:26
Anything to add to that?

Speaker 1  43:28
Mark? Just question on breathing skills working on so what what order? Is he doing the while there's other things but the three that asset management cash flow and then the all the changes the updates to the to the income statement? I think that's last but Asset Management and cash flow. What order he doing those

Matthias Miller  43:58
asset management first cash flow second income statement changes last.

Speaker 1  44:06
In Do you know what I mean? Are those like asset management when you have an ETA on asset management that you completed, I could see that taking a bit of a we want to start using it as soon as that's done because we have a number of things to clean up on our side basically does. What we call an asset what we had called an asset in the past is not basically we have called things in acid that we no longer would like small things like a bike rack for whatever reason, and some of those that we need to know how we're going to clear them out. Because you can't just turn steps that need to happen When you take something from an asset you have to either either list them is sold or abandoned or ever but yeah I could see there being a bit of testing on quite a bit of testing on our site to make sure we get our things entered correctly and populates to create the expense accounts properly I just like to as soon as that's live start testing that but given the ID and ETA on that

Matthias Miller  45:31
I don't we have it flagged to be coded by the end of August but I don't know whether we can

Unknown Speaker  45:45
Yeah, I don't know how that's gonna work

Speaker 1  45:51
um the only other thing I had was on the AR the deposit processed Lane and I have time scheduled this afternoon to work on that we we get with that and then I think we'd be anywhere realistic I think we should the Maya we have an NA three taking call with Drew and then Wednesday we've we have I have our call that we scheduled removed for the 12th we're adding planning to cover the AR deposit process then I think it'd be safe to have something there by then it's good

Matthias Miller  47:08
all right. I think that's all I've got I've got I do have time blocked out good time to like have tomorrow submenus

Unknown Speaker  47:27
we'll see how much of the how much of my stuff I can get them by then as well

Speaker 1  47:43
so are you ready to be ready to go to payroll module the I guess Aaron's going to call in this number and then we can where we left off?

Speaker 1  48:51
Oh, hi there enjoying already? Yep. All right. So my understanding from Aaron was that if we go to step number 16 Enter the bonus for owners that

Unknown Speaker  49:08
you worked on that some Thursday got stuck there with or weren't able to you were able to add the bonus the district X bonus but unable to have the owner payout show

Unknown Speaker  49:34
remaining portion that the owner is paid after all the pool pay was taken out and I think we were looking at white tail Ron is that

Speaker 4  49:49
that's correct. It did not take out the the portion that was paid to the workers or whatever the the what is it called? Christen calls it labor cost and pay the employees and then we got to subtract that

Speaker 1  50:10
this is a little bit of a strange one here and bad. It's got negative numbers. But if we look at right behind the two pages of project management checklist steps to do on payroll, if you look at what what risk and spreadsheet we've got we've got the 15% of production which is $5,900. And then the total labor costs with bonuses at 828 are the reason that's so much higher it's because they're paid hourly patient so we run a negative pool bonus of $2,870.45 then we pay the owner that district exponents of 9372 and so 9372 minus your negative 2872 would have an owner payout of $6,501.55 and instead we have the only thing the district X bonus Yeah Which Aaron showing on the attached play verification for this owner though how do we and then what do we need to do to fix that? I told Aaron I think it's it's on the following sheet where you've got all of the employees listed out there ours are all listed as non pool hours when I think they should be listed as

Matthias Miller  52:00
well

Unknown Speaker  52:02
not quite sure I think

Speaker 1  52:12
well so I guess the first question is are we all are all of us clear on how we want to calculate the owner payout

Unknown Speaker  52:30
I'm clear over here

Unknown Speaker  52:33
yes

Speaker 1  52:41
okay this this is information that I remember Seth telling me that that it should all work where you have an owner payout of 15% and say an employee will pool of a pool of seven half percent and then the owner gets the remaining seven and a half or whatever the difference is there it's the remaining amount he said that the only way that he knows to pay out that district X bonuses to just listed as a recessionary bonus for the owner which in this example so what do we need to do to make so that that calculates properly

Unknown Speaker  53:40
okay so

Unknown Speaker  53:47
let's do this

Unknown Speaker  53:56
we pull up the employee education

Matthias Miller  54:12
we do wait till around for 723 and it says

Matthias Miller  54:20
My understanding was that non dual payroll should be deducted from the owners portion Am I

Speaker 1  54:30
thinking yeah non pool and non pool and both of those should be should be deducted

Speaker 1  54:43
but it's really simplified it's Mr. owner. And this only applies for these two shops for white hill run and Jerry stone structures is Mr. Owner, you're paid 15% Less whatever. pay the employees

Matthias Miller  55:06
so we could actually set the pool percentage at zero

Unknown Speaker  55:15
and pay them out of the pool

Speaker 1  55:23
the pool percentage add zero for whitetail run okay, are you saying the employer pool percentage

Unknown Speaker  55:31
yes

Speaker 1  55:34
yeah you could because there technically is no pool because these guys are all paid hourly now for cherrystone structures it's right pool

Matthias Miller  55:54
and so wait tail runs non pool payroll it's not showing a number

Unknown Speaker  56:30
well

Unknown Speaker  56:37
find out why

Unknown Speaker  57:08
owner bonus a rare I just yeah I have no idea what I just did there we go

Speaker 4  57:31
mark I'm looking at this file from Seth the employee configuration and Alvin Hershberger Jr. is set as as an owner the compensation type is salaried that the salaried shouldn't be anything else are the only ones I'm showing here there all of them are hourly or salaried

Unknown Speaker  58:00
that was that should be

Speaker 4  58:02
or should it be something else so that it pulls in the owner pool

Unknown Speaker  58:16
was my understanding from Seth at salary but that was my understanding from from him

Unknown Speaker  58:37
this

Unknown Speaker  58:47
would be.

Unknown Speaker  59:15
More getting hours early baby flew over time.

Matthias Miller  1:01:01
Take a look here sorry again you can't really see what I'm doing but

Matthias Miller  1:01:17
find out were supposed to be low on overtime hours total pay would be

Speaker 1  1:01:55
while you're looking at that if while you're looking at that if we cover a few things here questions are things that we had for Dwayne.

Matthias Miller  1:02:08
Dwayne said Dwayne had drop off he said they had a trucking accident so II why yeah yeah. Let's do this. Let me well I'm gonna have to dig into this bottom line

Unknown Speaker  1:02:26
is like you

Speaker 1  1:02:30
This is is it something that would be helpful to get Seth involved for a little bit because I know when he says it walked me through this

Unknown Speaker  1:02:39
a couple of weeks ago something he'd walked me through this and it it seemed pretty clear sounded like he had this all figured out and how it would work but maybe maybe he's missing each other. I don't know would there be any value in

Speaker 1  1:03:15
at least grant what he's back today and tomorrow yet before he is gone for Yeah. He is going to wrap things up.

Matthias Miller  1:03:26
Yeah, his time is pretty fragmented over the last few days. Like busting check with him

Matthias Miller  1:03:48
check with him to get Judas. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:03:58
That step number 19 finalize payroll

Unknown Speaker  1:04:08
we're going to explain that to Dwayne at some point on what basically how to do this and what happens when this is done. Right.

Speaker 1  1:04:17
Correct. Then I think we just need to have determined like or what what are your thoughts on process for communicating this from builder to Dwayne's office like we verify? Basically, are you thinking we would look at both the owner payroll of the company verification report and just say, you know, like, yep, everything looks good and send it back in. Understand on your site or in payroll module, it's only a one

Speaker 1  1:05:04
like one button or you only have one place where you you finalize that correct?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:08
Yes, that's correct.

Speaker 1  1:05:12
What do you mean? Do you have suggestions on how that should be communicated? Well, we delete the lane. And

Matthias Miller  1:05:24
I believe we designed it in such a way that we could use QR codes if you wanted to. I think the question is that's going to require a little bit of Josh's involvement. And

Matthias Miller  1:05:42
yeah, I don't know if that's the priority right now or not?

Speaker 1  1:05:45
No, it's not, I would say, it's a nice to have that we could look at some time in the future. So if we don't have that, then it's probably best that we just built to figure out what to weigh and how we're going to communicate that to his office, right. Yes. And

Unknown Speaker  1:06:13
but did you have something else on that?

Matthias Miller  1:06:15
Oh, yeah, I think that's the only thing that I would add is it makes sense if there are two different people verifying the two things within, at each at each location that you still have one person responsible for reporting that back to accounting, but again, that's you figuring it out with Dwayne.

Speaker 1  1:06:40
And then entering company logo for pay stubs? That's pretty straightforward, I'm sure. Yes, good. So you're gonna dig into this? And I'd say just come back with update us on what what you find.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:57
And then we'll I believe that's the last piece that we need to test. For we're like, once we have that working, then all the other pieces should be the other pieces are working so good.

Speaker 4  1:07:18
Oh, then the plant went on to the myelin and John

Speaker 1  1:07:23
E. And we talked about that. I think Matthias has a I like his proposal. So that's, I'll talk with your and we'll just need to test that this week. See? Or maybe we may just go back into willing to test that work with Dwayne to test that. But I like that proposal. Matthias has and I think it makes a lot of sense.

Speaker 1  1:07:54
Good, well, unless you have something else on payroll module, Matthias i

Speaker 4  1:08:02
That's one one other thing, the shed time they pay a different for for holiday and holiday and vacation hours, they pay a different rate than then what their nonproduction are hourly wages. And I I understand that can be set on the timecard per week. But there's no place to actually set that up because we're shed time it's always going to be you know, 10 or $11 an hour or paid all paid time off

Unknown Speaker  1:08:49
with design, believe we had designed it so that you have to pay rates you have your base pool rate and you have a non pool rate. Typically your your base rate is like 10 or $11 an hour and then your non pool rate is $35 an hour. And then we said that non pool rate non pool hourly rate is also the same as a time paid vacation and pay holiday hourly rate.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:35
A Chatime wouldn't be

Speaker 1  1:09:39
anything actually just pay we pay the pool, the pool base wage rate. Right. And so our thought was that in order to make that work, we could just have to whenever they have Vacation, we'll just have to write that hourly rate manually on the timecard for that week.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:11
But it's gonna be forgotten, isn't it? Well, that's

Speaker 1  1:10:15
yes. And no. I mean, if they're if somebody's doing their job verifying these reports, then it shouldn't be No.

Speaker 1  1:10:23
I think the difference is big enough that I think we should just plan to do it like that. Yeah, rather than doing development and adding another hourly rate into the play settings, which I think like, complicated, but

Matthias Miller  1:10:49
what what are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  1:10:55
Okay, this only affects one time. Right. Right.

Speaker 1  1:11:05
And the other thing is they typically always, while typically they take their they get paid vacation, but the majority of the time they're paid vacation is used

Unknown Speaker  1:11:23
on Christmas break?

Speaker 1  1:11:24
Yeah. So it's not like it's scattered, you know, throughout the year, it's it'd be fairly easy to ending that overwriting that on the timecard you're probably doing it for all the employees for that week.

Speaker 1  1:11:50
All right. What we're asking you massages is are we thinking is our understanding of how that works? Correct. And less you have a second question unless you have a easy fix that will plan to just do it manually?

Matthias Miller  1:12:16
Well, it's I mean, I mean, the fix is we currently have 1234 hourly rates, base production pool hourly rate nonproduction hourly rate hourly wage towards labor costs. I don't even know if that one's been used. I was going to check into that because I think that one might actually be obsolete now. So you know, from a, from a strictly I don't know what, like from a very simplistic standpoint, it's not that much more work to give you an optional hourly rate that you can override the paid vacation hours. Now on the flip side, it's for the main argument against it is it's for one company a few weeks out of the year. When hearing

Speaker 1  1:13:23
it is, I mean, if you told me that that's an easy change to make you can do it in like half an hour or an hour I'd say sure. If it's more than that, I'd say based on the priority of everything we've got right now then we'll just do it manually.

Matthias Miller  1:13:42
I think it I think it's something that could be done probably closer to an hour than half an hour but it's I think it's less than a day Sure. I mean, it is less than a day let's

Speaker 1  1:13:55
let's consider it a nice to have and start out with with what we have

Unknown Speaker  1:14:05
Alright sounds good. Anything else that you can think of? I don't know. I'm gonna get these other changes made

Speaker 4  1:14:22
some of the rates change but Dan told me she's got whitetail run in for this week. So she's entering that

Unknown Speaker  1:14:33
should we

Speaker 4  1:14:35
i i told her to just enter it as production hours and we'll test that again and see what happens if we entered as production hours

Speaker 1  1:14:46
you're gonna get it on her payout shows up correctly.

Speaker 4  1:14:51
Yeah. Which I wonder what would happen if if the the owners pay Um like the the owner pool would be more than what is paid to the employees because the week that we're looking at the employees got paid more than the owner

Speaker 4  1:15:15
so I wasn't quite sure is that part of the reason why it threw it off because it was a negative or shouldn't have been really

Matthias Miller  1:15:26
if you could if she could answer it I mean last week we did it as production or non production if she's about to enter it as production this week. It would be it would give me a comparison to take a look at I might play around with moving some things choose direction and sweeps to find out what's going on but

Speaker 4  1:15:46
I mean it's probably in already I don't know for a fact but she was asking me of 30 minutes ago if it about one of the one of the guys so it should be in actually I don't know for sure but yeah, I'll let you know as soon as I have the report finalized

Unknown Speaker  1:16:15
good okay

Speaker 1  1:16:18
good Thanks Aaron. Yeah just updating the size and I when you Judy copy been well Audrey Dwayne.

Matthias Miller  1:16:32
Yeah, let's get them in the loop

Speaker 1  1:16:36
good So Aaron every okay I'll on on the email stage what I'd send out I think Or secondly

Speaker 4  1:16:53
Yeah, I'll work with the other Shannon to get the district X bonus to to Shannon and Burkholder management Yeah. Okay, good. Good. Well, thank you. Thanks

Unknown Speaker  1:17:14
so much last weekend either you want to look at my notes and accounts payable or do we want to end the call here and and so look at your module stuff

Matthias Miller  1:17:35
so quick look at Accounts Payable yet

Matthias Miller  1:17:44
so you're setting is not hard coded? AP accounts multiple accounts. Um I needed to know why you need multiple APs. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:18:01
I read it as both of these as like the receive not voucher account and then list of accounts. Okay, I think what you're saying is I've received that voucher will have the received not voucher account from within our list of phones. That's correct that answer so I read it and was like, Okay, are you saying you're gonna hardwire the accounts are those main ones or hardcode those and then provide a list of sub accounts within that because I was thinking while Accounts Payable you could have actually have multiple like, we all know that but clear. It's it's basically saying this is what we'll select but he liked them from the list. It's um, my next questions were Mandarin was type. The payment types are those that types that the options that we have ACH credit card checks cash

Matthias Miller  1:19:03
you're by now the invoice we've got a lot more than that. Median includes includes those but it also includes there's account credit ACH auto draft. Well here, I will send you the list. Let's do this. I'll send you the list of everything that we have right now. For the payment types,

Speaker 1  1:19:29
and that's coming out of your your core accounting module. No, this

Matthias Miller  1:19:33
is coming out of your vendor invoice payment types.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:40
Okay. And then the default payment account

Speaker 1  1:19:52
or liability accounts for the company and then those Ms. Expecting those would have okay that what options but that would expecting you could select anything from within anything from any of the asset or liability accounts in our Chart of Accounts

Unknown Speaker  1:20:18
yes

Matthias Miller  1:20:24
and so you can basically say ACH is tied out to this accounts credit card is to this account there's a there's like a you know online payment is to this account I'm not sure what that's used for CSB ACH is the bat account etc.

Speaker 1  1:20:42
Basically, when I select this payment type where do I want which which of these asset or liability accounts do I want to impact do I want the money to come from yeah correct

Speaker 1  1:21:12
so these okay I have the vendor invoice payment types this something that we can like what what are these payment types said we have the ability to set that per company

Matthias Miller  1:21:31
currently, it's all companies I believe

Speaker 1  1:21:37
but but we have a list are you saying this is something that said universally for all companies?

Matthias Miller  1:21:46
The list of available I don't think we do any kind of restriction is say for example, true cch? I think that's a I don't know if it's anything that's a district specific payment method, but we don't really limit it to my understanding it's been a limit to how let me make sure I'm I'm not making stuff up here

Speaker 1  1:22:09
we're seeing accounting on a company like this one looks like the Sure.

Matthias Miller  1:22:25
Yeah, that that went I mean, it's we just have one list that's used across all

Matthias Miller  1:22:36
all companies and so if you want to make these be district specific, we could

Matthias Miller  1:22:53
for example, we could let you we could hide accounts that aren't mapped to a default payment account which means that you could or something like that

Speaker 1  1:23:09
it seems to me like this is something we should just get started with. And if it does become too messy then we could was it like do development to do something like that, but it seems to me like this is probably more of a housekeeping issue than anything else or an organizational thing on accounting. So I unless you unless you disagree, I would say I suggest we just start with exactly with with it as as is.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:48
Yeah, that's fair.

Speaker 1  1:23:55
And just to verify this, this can be set like Drew can can set these to whatever or add and change as needed

Unknown Speaker  1:24:05
this correct

Speaker 1  1:24:13
and on the account transaction at a pod field to buy an item expecting we have invoices with no purchase order this would remain blank.

Matthias Miller  1:24:31
This is actually very specific. This would be specifically used for transactions that are created because of a purchase order. And so you can have so you might have

Unknown Speaker  1:24:49
well yeah

Matthias Miller  1:24:55
so when it hits received that voucher, then you would have a transaction with the PID specified once you get the invoice then we'd have another transaction that reverses that with the PID specified and then the new transaction would be tied out to the vendor invoice ID

Speaker 1  1:25:16
that makes sense then Next create a purchase order accounting impact report it should have transaction date based on reception date or invoice date again this is this is referencing only situations where there is a purchase order a purchase order has been created right

Unknown Speaker  1:25:42
yeah

Speaker 1  1:25:45
well because if it is then that that takes care of my question but if not then we should learn

Matthias Miller  1:25:56
purchase order will only impact accounting when you have reception date it's always based on reception date

Unknown Speaker  1:26:06
yeah

Speaker 1  1:26:11
okay and this is not talking about all when we when you pay the phone bill and we don't have a purchase order that we're not talking about invoices like that when there is no Pio?

Matthias Miller  1:26:44
Is only talking about ones that we would have a purchase order for

Speaker 1  1:26:52
then we have next section create a vendor invoice accounting Impact Report, transaction date based on invoice date or payment date. When would we use a payment date will we ever pay without creating a vendor invoice? I was thinking that should only have an invoice date. But what's the use case for where we would use a payment date

Unknown Speaker  1:27:17
that's fair. I can't think of any use case

Speaker 1  1:27:25
and then both of those I said create examples show this with actual numbers. My question was wrap my mind around this but so if this information is pushed to accounting every night how's that going to work when you're working in accounts payable and you make changes and then you make another set of changes or you're making changes like

Speaker 1  1:28:04
you enter an invoice or $15,000 And then you say no, no, no, this should be 1470 and you make that change you want to make sure that it all posts correctly that with it not updating in real time accounting you then have to come in the following you know the next morning and make sure that it's updated correctly because you do the accounting system or how how's that how will that work

Speaker 1  1:28:43
and naively thinking that or just asking the question will you have that situation then you come in in the morning and look at it and say Oh that wasn't right I did whatever I did it wrong and then you change it and then you come in the next morning and say okay now it's right

Matthias Miller  1:29:04
your accounting system would be kept up to date if you if you enter into your Pio or vendor invoice incorrectly and then that will get pushed through accounting then you fix it the next day. Accounting is gonna stay behind

Unknown Speaker  1:29:20
until that night and then it's going to update to reflect what you did during the day

Speaker 1  1:29:31
you do you see that as as being problematic or

Matthias Miller  1:29:40
or okay let's let's

Unknown Speaker  1:29:41
take the example of you're trying to close you're trying to wrap up hoarding for a month. And enemies take and there's only one thing then need to enter an invoice failed to enter an invoice for the month you're trying to wrap up and so

Speaker 1  1:30:11
you entered on the order the invoice. But you don't really want to wait till it posts to accounting that night be able to issue financial report Could you could you in those situations, could you update the invoice and then also go in and manually update accounting? And when that the update runs that night it recognizes

Unknown Speaker  1:30:51
or how would you how do you? Would you expect that that would be handled?

Matthias Miller  1:30:58
That'd be fine, we can give you a menu option, basically what you would do is you would run the nightly option. And then

Matthias Miller  1:31:12
and then and then the evening when it runs, it shouldn't have any I mean, it should all be caught up. So there will be no additional transactions created that evening.

Speaker 1  1:31:25
Are you seeing give us an option that would allow you to that of waiting for 11 o'clock that night to run it at that, you know, at two o'clock in the afternoon, etc? if you so choose? Yes. Okay, then there would never be a reason to try and involve try to do it in both places and hope everything matches up like doing it manually in the accounting system and also doing it on the other side. You would just update Click Update to accounting and the system would sit for two minutes while it updates it and then Oh. That's That's what your that's your proposal, right?

Matthias Miller  1:32:17
Yes, that is correct.

Speaker 1  1:32:20
And I'm assuming that basically adding that feature that button somewhere means just the same thing that would happen nightly, it's just giving you a manual way to do that. Or assuming that cause very little development time.

Matthias Miller  1:32:37
Great. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Like this. One note, actually, I did, I did remember why I had those two dates, and I clarified it here. But on a purchase order, you can have an accounting impact. So on reception date, you would, you would put it under receive that voucher on invoice date, then you would reverse you would reverse that transaction

Matthias Miller  1:33:11
and then similarly

Matthias Miller  1:33:17
for the vendor invoice, you would use invoice date when expensing it. But you'd use payment date for recording payments.

Speaker 1  1:33:42
The existing debit existing credit and then expected and then difference. You just refresh my memory on that. I should yeah, we're over. We're going to 30 We need to drop the net.

Matthias Miller  1:33:58
I can take a few minutes, I'd be happy to get this wrapped up. So existing debit basically says this goes back to the whole idea of given this Pio? How should it impact accounting? What should be the net impact? And then we say what are all the transactions that have been applied to accounting for this Pio? What do we expect should be applied and what do we do need to do to catch up the difference? And then that's how we handle things like okay, you received a Pio but you said you got five of these instead of four or now you're linking it to a freight invoice and now it's, you know, fill in the blank any number of things. And that's how we keep up to date up to date without

Unknown Speaker  1:34:52
those changes on to the IMS side. Changes made to the yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:35:01
Even just keeping fixes and stuff

Speaker 1  1:35:09
and those differences within post nightly when the system runs or you could do a manual update it would update it correct

Speaker 1  1:35:22
so the last page, the vendor invoice can have one or both of these impacts vendor invoice with payment and vendor invoice without Pio or with EPO peel, you debit you have a vendor invoice with payment you debit AP credit account for payment. You're saying if if you have an invoice and you pay at the same time or it's like is this for situations where you would have an invoice you pay at the same time then hits AP and accounts for payment? Or immediately

Matthias Miller  1:36:14
Yeah, either way, even if you paid immediately we'll have any AP basically this even though it'd be immediately reversed

Speaker 1  1:36:26
that when would it when would it? Got it? That's good. In the note, you said the PIO accounting impact should exclude any additional expenses that are linked to APO like shipping or tax additional expenses not linked to prod and per SKU basis. Be sure to handle discrepancies based on rounding simply

Speaker 1  1:36:59
not understanding that first the PIO accounting impact should exclude any additional expenses that are linked to a Pio. You say link to a Pio or using a way we're having like a freight invoice two separate invoices linked you saying for this is for you have a purchase order for $15,000 worth of lumber and then another invoice the $1,000 that we pay a third party freight company to haul that lumber for us or is this for a purchase order that has is this talking about when you have one purchase order or two different purchase orders linked together I'm not sure

Speaker 1  1:38:01
like I'm thinking if it's for one purchase order any changes regardless of what you know if it's sales tax or shipping it should impact would be included on the accounting impact

Unknown Speaker  1:38:24
so when you haven't been an invoice

Matthias Miller  1:38:37
so would you change the vendor? No. Let me let me find the example here

Speaker 1  1:38:48
I think I mean if you're looking at you're looking at assist on it example, where we are linked to together is is TMC transporter key TMC freight company where we track them to where we pick up our own materials

Unknown Speaker  1:39:23
right so.

Matthias Miller  1:39:55
Right, okay, so in this case I mean we need to handle either do we exclude vendor invoices

Matthias Miller  1:40:21
how do we handle how should we handle this

Speaker 1  1:40:27
well so the way we currently do we buy lumber and then we also separately pay for the the freight will say okay purchase order total plus the frayed by that by pieces of lumber that is the true landed cost of what will calculate that what we'll have in our inventory when we track when we look at the price for that one two by four we know that that's the true landed costs including the freight but when we go to pay the invoices we say okay, we'll pay you as lumber $15,000 for the lumber and we'll pay TMC $2,000 or anything that for hauling that lumber to us that's what that's how we pay invoices but when we go to we have 170 pieces of lumber on that load we'll say 15,000 plus 2000 17,000 divided by 1700 pieces is $10. Calculate that whole school added $17,000 worth of

Unknown Speaker  1:41:57
high fours or dollars apiece

Matthias Miller  1:42:04
so which which one do you want to have showing up? How do you want it to show up on your account and you want it to show up? Based on

Unknown Speaker  1:42:22
well,

Speaker 1  1:42:24
so both of them we may not be doing this correctly yet but we will have to change our process to where we want that 15,000 to show up as a expense to raw materials and then the $2,000 also as an expense to raw materials to the same GL account they may be posting at different dates but they they should both they will post at different dates likely but should post to the same email account

Matthias Miller  1:43:06
Alright, so

Speaker 1  1:43:08
it's no different than if you have a vendor that sells us the same deal 17,000 freight into his by fours?

Speaker 1  1:43:38
I'm not sure that it even really, maybe I'm oversimplifying. I'm not sure that even that it even

Unknown Speaker  1:43:46
link POS or linked invoices even that from an accounting perspective, we should we should think of them.

Speaker 1  1:43:56
Given I'm not sure that it's even an issue from an accounting perspective, it's just an inventory pricing. I believe

Matthias Miller  1:44:10
right, but we still need to know what to do because it's an additional expense on one invoice. And so we either need to count it into the GL accounts for the line items, or we need to exclude that additional expense and let the vendor invoice expense it out based on the on the shipping charge or whatever it is.

Speaker 1  1:44:34
Well, if it's materials then we'll always include it in the same GL account.

Matthias Miller  1:44:43
Well, I'm seeing you

Matthias Miller  1:44:49
you might be right. Because that's standard cost of goods sold freight transfer And the original one is the result was.

Matthias Miller  1:45:17
And then the other one was current assets, raw materials. So, I mean, the skews aren't linked to the same account as the product. But you're saying you want accounting to include them under the same SKU as the original product? Or under the same GL account, as originals?

Speaker 1  1:45:49
Yes, so it's like, what is that? Oh, God, go ahead, and my brain is starting to turn to mush.

Matthias Miller  1:46:01
We, here's what it has. If you don't do anything at all, and just then that expense will be double counted.

Matthias Miller  1:46:29
Here's my proposal. If, if you're saying that landed freight should go with the original seat with the product, SKU GL account whenever possible, I will rewrite the spec to reflect that. And we can talk through specifics. When we're not 15 minutes

Speaker 1  1:46:51
over Yeah. But yeah, let's let's do that. I think that would be Yeah, good. And then the last thing was Pio slash vendor, Pio or vendor invoices will hit accounting on the latest date of reception date or invoice date. Which, if it were saying this is all for purchase orders, then it would all always it accounting on reception deeds.

Matthias Miller  1:47:27
And we just nixed that sentence. Kind of seems to me like everything else is clear enough about what needs to happen to be done and try to say well, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:47:36
it's detailed earlier. Yeah. Good. Good.

Matthias Miller  1:47:47
All right. Sounds good. Well, I will get that report out to Drew for his accounting stuff. And stuff on my immune system. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:48:03
that sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:04
Awesome. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:07
Okay. Thanks for that.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:09
You know, like progress. Yep. It is.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai