Speaker 1  00:47
Yes, sir. Well so far this is going to be a lonely SWAT call. I predict the Alice forgot about them

Unknown Speaker  00:57
oh okay

Matthias Miller  01:04
Joe's gonna come in

Unknown Speaker  01:08
I'm gonna paint Are you

Unknown Speaker  01:22
okay, I mean, I have questions for you do you want to go over those? I think I emailed you back or deny?

Unknown Speaker  01:33
Yeah

Unknown Speaker  01:41
also big thanks on

Matthias Miller  01:44
vendor invoice. Great.

Speaker 1  01:46
No, just big thanks for running through this. I think this like there's lots of question marks in my mind and this is great

Unknown Speaker  01:59
you're

Unknown Speaker  02:05
with me?

Unknown Speaker  02:10
Also, is my audio terrible?

Unknown Speaker  02:14
It's fine here. Is my video worse than the audio?

Unknown Speaker  02:23
Let me see if Joel's joining. Are you joining the accounting SWAT to call? Sorry, he's still here soon.

Matthias Miller  02:41
So, Josh, my understanding is that the D, here's the D entered.

Speaker 1  02:46
I mean, that's what they labeled in that particular report. But like, it's just whatever date we decided to make it like, Is it is it? I guess that's one question. Is it worth having a date when you entered it? And a date when is as of if the date that you like the entry date? Like if you need to do research, you can pull that out activity history? Right. I mean, I can totally add, just like what is this, like, necessary complexity?

Matthias Miller  03:22
Probably not, but then there's a question. Should the date be defaulted? I mean,

Unknown Speaker  03:29
a gentleman

Unknown Speaker  03:34
anyway, you can I can we can

Speaker 1  03:36
take it that's, that's no problem. Our stop defaulting and zfp ended other places.

Matthias Miller  03:44
Let me let me think that's a little bit. Okay. We can

Unknown Speaker  03:51
Ellison Joel are done.

Unknown Speaker  03:55
All right. So

Matthias Miller  03:58
payroll module, I don't think there's much that we talked about here. We just update we were able to pick out a whole bunch of ways that their edge cases can be handled manually, which I think is a win.

Unknown Speaker  04:12
And I don't know.

Speaker 2  04:16
What is the what is the status for the es mas? Seth's one, they're the third one for 50.

Matthias Miller  04:25
He's just got beanies and click the ready for testing box basically. Got it. Okay. Great.

Speaker 1  04:37
Is payroll currently whose payroll currently waiting on? Is it you or is it grain or

Matthias Miller  04:42
sweet and Mark? Basically, need to do a little bit more testing, make sure everything works, or workarounds work for what they need to do. And then oh, yeah, well, there's one issue I need to chase down. Because I'm assuming Seth is available.

Speaker 2  05:01
Now he's he, he got back Friday night, and he's leaving Wednesday morning. So essentially not.

Matthias Miller  05:10
So I think it's a little bit of research to figure out how to get one of these scenarios to work. But there's also some division by zero issues with zero overtime, that we need to probably take a look at.

Speaker 2  05:22
If I would just rant a little bit, we've we have for a year said, We've got to prioritize this beginning of June. And here Seth is leaving, and it's not fully live.

Unknown Speaker  05:34
So okay. So let's let's

Matthias Miller  05:40
you can read, what's the issue? I mean, where did where did it go sideways?

Speaker 2  05:45
Well, I think it was probably, I mean, there were multiple times along the way, where I kind of think it was Dwayne as much as anyone and he did have a long with July vacation in there. But there was I mean, I think it was just, I don't know, it. Look, if I do it, again, I would amp up the pressure, you know, amp, I mean, shout louder in the room, probably at the beginning of the cycle. And and say, we're going to do weekly phone calls on status. And we could have had this thing deployed. And I think if at all, if we'd have done that, then. And I don't know that I care that much, but but you are going to be left coding stuff that we could have let Seth code, and it's not stuff that you'll have me that I think you'll love. But you can also, um, you can pair program with Jonathan, if you want to. So we could have saved you some trouble. And if you don't care, then I don't care.

Matthias Miller  06:47
Well, I mean, bottom line is, it continues to be an issue, we have this issue and other projects as well. Our when you're when you're when you've got one or two guys dancing on a wing somewhere, you don't really need to project manage anything at all. At the point that you have a high stakes deadline, then you need to and I don't know that we, you know, in all fairness, we, we thought we knew what we needed, but there were a variety of I mean, I'm sure if we go back there were a variety of reasons why why things fell off the rails? Sure can't really control doings vacation time.

Unknown Speaker  07:32
I guess. Yeah.

Speaker 2  07:40
Well, I raise a flag just to note that the panic that we have going on accounting is totally legit. And what we're doing on calls like this is exactly the right thing. Anyway,

Unknown Speaker  08:00
who is dy here?

Unknown Speaker  08:02
Drew Yoder. Got it.

Speaker 1  08:07
So he's testing you. So we talked a week ago, and we're going to, you are going to check in with him. How does that feel? is that are we like, is he actually accomplishing something useful? Unlike what he was earlier?

Matthias Miller  08:21
Well, we got the sort of accounts important, I gotta report back over to him to tell him why his mapping to this huge GL accounts won't work. And she was out for a funeral. So I don't really know that we've had a fair test. But you know, if you can keep people from dying in the process, that would be helpful.

Speaker 1  08:41
That is not my area of expertise. They're not my children are more experienced, they're the ones that scared me, like mapping GL accounts to turn on accounts won't work.

Matthias Miller  08:56
Well, I mean, they were wanting to do a name by name mapping. So the question is, whether they're going to be able to do that or whether we need to come up with an alternate way to do mapping. And then we talked about account number and then Mark was like, well, we can just map by name. Well, I mean, if you guys are willing to do that, you can. Okay,

Speaker 1  09:13
I mean, in my mind, like it's not quite fire in a theater, but like they drive all their SKU stuff, all their inventory management stuff off of that SKU sheet where they have one field to do it so I don't really care how we do it, but we need to figure it out soon. Because we got to code and Libre Office and the whole chain and that takes it that's very cumbersome. So if

Matthias Miller  09:35
they renamed or their their mapping, they have to review libre office. Yes. So we should go ahead and do

Matthias Miller  09:53
go back to account numbers. Add an account number field. When's your next update?

Speaker 1  10:03
I mean, absent anything else, it'll be Saturday, but I can make one overnight if I need to. I mean, doing the update isn't a big deal, I'm gonna just pretty close to like starting to set scheduled tasks in the billing system to auto update them. It's more a matter of it is code crafters, and everyone else comfortable with their work going live at any random time. Like, I keep my stuff that way. I mean, if I committed it's ready to go live. But that's not necessarily expectation that other people have. I mean, the other thing you could do, right? Is this list that they already have? They just say you never renamed these things. And it turns into a lookup level that points to a chart of accounts something

Matthias Miller  10:51
well, why wouldn't we do it the same add an account number field and mapping by account number.

Speaker 1  11:05
And then when they do their skews down the in Libre Office, they'll do like account number plus the name? No, it's

Matthias Miller  11:14
It's all internal at this point. Until we want to change the Libre Office. The bank fees we just know that's going to be

Unknown Speaker  11:26
before that 50.

Matthias Miller  11:31
We give them a report to reconcile out against.

Unknown Speaker  11:37
And is that 64 to 50 consistent across companies?

Unknown Speaker  11:40
Yes.

Speaker 1  11:49
So libre office doesn't change at all. They keep entering the names that they see here. And the important maps to

Speaker 1  12:04
but it's but rent is not is rent, for example, or electric, is that unique across the whole?

Unknown Speaker  12:16
What do you mean?

Speaker 1  12:18
Like, if they use literally within the Name column? They would use they would use this list or what would they use?

Matthias Miller  12:27
I mean, they would continue using this list on the vendor invoices. Okay. All we would say is when you say this on the vendor invoice, what is the GL account number? What is the account number of the GL account and accounting that you want to map to? And we give them a report that makes them laugh at them compared to creepy if it's the right thing?

Speaker 1  12:49
Okay, so basically, we take the implicit text linking and turn to explicit account number linking. finds me.

Speaker 3  13:01
So just for clarity, are these actually accounts in another system?

Speaker 1  13:11
Okay, so there's multiple things at play. There's, it's also just on the inventory management system, which is expanded into accounts payable and vendor invoices. By but there that has its own thing of GL accounts, specific to zfp that we're trying to reconcile with the chart of accounts that we have with accounting, if that makes sense.

Speaker 2  13:34
So what are GL accounts? Because that sounds like General Ledger in in the accounting system. This is some it's a separate record structure you have today

Speaker 1  13:45
is literally this list right here. Got it? So it's a poor man's treasure. Well. That was before. This is two years ago before we had Sure. accounting system.

Speaker 3  14:00
Okay. So this is basically accounts but with an idea of tying into another system, and now we're tying it into ourselves. Is that

Speaker 2  14:14
fair? It was it was tied into reporting within insight, but it was not typed into an accounting system.

Speaker 1  14:20
That's right. Okay. Okay. And because, and, like they're entering all this information in a Libre Office spreadsheet, it has its own, like listed these things. And so you can't just like renaming them as this huge dance. There's like this whole set of considerations about like, that's why you don't want to choose chart of accounts for that field, because that's not gonna work over in their offline spreadsheet.

Matthias Miller  14:44
Sure, sure. The other way we could do this is we could add a add this custom account to the accounting field or the to the accounting system. And then you'd actually have named linking

Unknown Speaker  15:02
that'd be fine. I don't care how we do it,

Unknown Speaker  15:03
I'd be fine.

Matthias Miller  15:06
So can we even if you add that I can have drew set up the mapping tomorrow. He's working tomorrow as the

Unknown Speaker  15:20
change of schedule here.

Unknown Speaker  15:25
So he's working Tuesdays and Thursdays not Wednesdays or Fridays.

Matthias Miller  15:31
He's working Wednesday, and Fridays, but this week, he's working Tuesdays to them Friday.

Speaker 3  15:38
And I'm Johnny Come Lately here, but Drew is one of Dwayne's guys.

Speaker 1  15:45
train it to true is a guy in Ohio, local accountant that is coming into the office, in the Amish people's office to do testing on stuff. Okay, I think there's some schemes of him replacing their current accountant. But I guess he's more expensive than their current accountants or they're trying to figure out how they can not use him. I don't know.

Speaker 3  16:10
And their current accountant is. Anyone is, that's no one that we are dealing with at all. It's a third

Speaker 1  16:21
party, third party, that I think they are kind of outgrowing in my opinion, I think that's what they think. Okay.

Speaker 3  16:32
So that that's a different game than Dwayne. Yes. Is like, okay, yes.

Unknown Speaker  16:42
Their current account name is Whitney, if you ever talk with

Unknown Speaker  16:44
them, gotcha. Oh, okay, fine.

Speaker 1  16:51
Matthias, I wouldn't be awful. I mean, I can try to get something done tonight, I'd be hesitant to have you, like bank on testing plans tomorrow for it. But I could, I could try. I'm still trying to a little bit kind of wrap my mind around what the process is going to be like, right now they've got GL accounts on the SKU level, per company. So we would change it so that as per that import, I'll keep the field there. But then I would also have a chart of accounts linked there.

Matthias Miller  17:27
No, none of the skew what I would do is on the on the accounting side, you would say? You, you would have you would tie out the accounting say and say I am the official account, we're the old expenses, travel expenses, meals and entertainment. And you'd have validation that that's only used for one account, one active account within each accounting company. And so when you do your AP, push to accounting, then you would say, Oh, well, what chart of account is tied to this? Oh, it should be. It should be this, or this GL account, this accounting GL account. And let's go push this one across.

Unknown Speaker  18:10
I'm making notes here.

Speaker 2  18:21
Here's one place where it's a little bit awkward that we we have separate I don't apologize for it. But for multiple companies, we have independent chart of accounts. And don't have some kind of master list but it sure it sure makes me believe in more guildmates gives me much more confidence on the accounting data side of things with how we structured it. Because we you'll have to set this on each company on the chart of accounts.

Speaker 1  18:57
Yeah, I don't. I don't think I'd apologize about that. I think it's fine. Okay.

Speaker 2  19:08
But yeah, I think you could either I mean, there's two ways you can do it, you can either just store it on the on the account or on the financial account record, or you can flip it around and store the financial account on the ledger account.

Speaker 1  19:21
But if you do that the ledger account has to have an RG one for each.

Speaker 2  19:24
Yeah, that's true. That's true. Yep. Yep. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  19:30
That's your genius.

Matthias Miller  19:35
So, if I if I am theoretically able to add this to add this field what time would it have to need to have done for you to kick off an update? Is that an option?

Speaker 1  19:52
It is. So you're offering to do it then. Just to be clear, I was writing down that I was gonna do

Matthias Miller  19:56
well, you said you can to do tonight

Speaker 4  20:04
okay. All right, well, I'll leave in your court. Okay.

Speaker 1  20:14
ls code crafters or whoever? How do you guys feel about like, where's the counting? How stable is it? Can we do updates at random times?

Speaker 2  20:27
I mean, I think yes, I think we should give them an alert again that, hey, updates are going to happen. Oh, shoot, but see what time of day do you do the update? Because it's literally during their day. Although you could do it to specific to as to your 8pm or something? I don't know. So at least I was

Speaker 1  20:50
gonna go to thing and kick it off. So it's going to be by 830 or nine my time.

Speaker 2  20:55
Okay, that'd be fine. Joel, do you want to just send an email to app hosting develop them that for now that that we are taking dev changes live every single I mean, we may take a live every single day and so please do not break anything ever. Normal?

Speaker 2  21:20
Okay, update on asset management, Joe and I have where's the cash flows? thing? Is that? That's

Matthias Miller  21:34
no, it's on Joe's final design. Got it. And what is our target coding for that one?

Unknown Speaker  21:43
Have we said

Matthias Miller  21:45
deliverable by August deliverable by September 30? It's one of those things that I don't perceive a crisis. I just don't see it being a crisis. We don't get it. I think Asset Management as Okay, here. Here's marks, opinion. Yeah, there's a lot of cleanup that they have to do on their side with assets. John, I really like to have Asset Management sooner rather than later to test. So I think that's a priority over cash flow. Cash flow to me is, yes, you need to configure your chart of accounts. So it shows up on the right report. But I mean, it's cash flow reporting, which they don't currently have. And I don't see that as being.

Speaker 2  22:25
Okay. Well, show me how to read. Have you sent your email already, Joel? No. Okay. Joel, and I had a discussion this morning about prioritization of this. And we should just

Speaker 3  22:36
Oh, that one. I did send that one. Yes.

Speaker 2  22:42
So I was proposing, I mean, asset management's actually pretty straightforward. We think that we can put Chaga or who's, you know, kind of our mid developer on App hosting uncoding, that one, and have it ready by the end of August?

Unknown Speaker  22:59
And,

Speaker 2  23:01
and we were thinking of then to putting more shade, who's our top developer over there on the cash flow thing to get started on that? But if we don't want to, I mean, and we just communicated that, but they haven't the emails, and they haven't read their email yet. So we could always communicated if we want to. The are there other things that you're needing from us as well? Like the better sections on income statements? Is that going to be high priority? Or? I mean, how does that tie tie out against these two items?

Matthias Miller  23:36
Or just about their neck? Again? Asset Management is a very tough one. I've used this as a recording piece. Yeah, I mean, asset management is a very, very piece because that seems to me like the thing that has the most potential. Sure. I mean, it's, it's gonna require the most work on them. From them on it.

Speaker 2  23:55
So Joel, should we should we change it up one more time? And say, sorry, we're asking you to pair programming or

Unknown Speaker  24:13
so you're saying have struggled?

Unknown Speaker  24:17
Yeah, the two of them together pair programming?

Unknown Speaker  24:23
Well, I mean, that would be the way to

Speaker 2  24:27
that's the our best guess at getting it done the soonest on a calendar. I mean, I think we'll be done by August 31. Either way, but that will that gives us the best margin and probably the best quality.

Speaker 1  24:40
And I mean, like, there we get done, the more that the bigger favorite is to them so they can start.

Speaker 2  24:49
Yep. Okay. Okay. Joel, say that we had a deaf Ortiz call and we've rescinding our changes from the prior email. Yeah, can you delete email

Speaker 3  25:04
depends on say about like, I might be able to recall it actually,

Unknown Speaker  25:08
I just got one called by a manager. It was hilarious.

Unknown Speaker  25:14
For those who don't know about like,

Unknown Speaker  25:16
I had Thunderbird I didn't I couldn't figure out what he changed. So

Unknown Speaker  25:22
keep going.

Matthias Miller  25:24
So restriction so materials guys that's waiting for Jonathan to market is reviewed needed in pushing through testing. I haven't really followed up with him, I probably need to check in with him sometime this week.

Unknown Speaker  25:37
Let's see.

Speaker 2  25:40
Can you text that to send that text to me via signal or

Unknown Speaker  25:45
something? Or the job or whatever?

Unknown Speaker  25:55
Or send it to this group chat. There you go. That's fine.

Matthias Miller  25:59
MTA buildings, I need to pair program with him on just setting up a time for me to meet up with him. Josh. ACH payments is in your court. I don't know that it's the highest priority, but we haven't committed the code base. Number three. Yeah, I'm

Speaker 1  26:17
I'm three fourths of the way through that. Most of the work most of the market, well, I reworked it to store. So one story there, I coded using cocaine. So we stored the tokens instead of the ACH, the account numbers. And then we realized, hey, if we do that, we can't switch ACH providers halfway through because we don't have an account numbers anymore. Wayne is like, look, every single software I have it shows the ACH numbers, like they're not credit card numbers, for better or worse. So we're actually just going to store them and just put permissions around it. Sure. So that's, so most of the work now has been trying to tie tenders into vendor invoices. And being able to pay, like click a button and pay a vendor invoice right there with ACH. And we're doing that just this is mostly for Ellison Joel but payroll as well. But I still if this has changed, but last we talked when you go payroll paying employees happens, the vendor invoice so we created MAKE IT vendor, like the employee becomes a vendor, or it could have been an invoice for them. And then we pay that to the invoice and that's how we we pay employees

Speaker 2  27:32
who can see vendor invoices? Is there any confidentiality with that or not really?

Unknown Speaker  27:38
Potentially, it's a good question.

Speaker 1  27:45
I suppose what we want to do is put a we really don't it's records that are sometimes restricted better the problem, right? So if we said they're sometimes restricted,

Speaker 2  27:57
is it a lookup list? That's the first question. No. Okay. It's not it's not really a problem. If it's not a lookup list. Our problem is really lookup lists with conditionally restricted records.

Speaker 1  28:07
Okay. And we really don't scan them very much. It's specific. Like if we're doing multi level stuff, it's sort of thing.

Unknown Speaker  28:14
Yeah, that's totally fine. You're fine.

Speaker 1  28:18
Thank you for saying something else. Yeah, we want to I think we're going to do is have a, is this a payroll? Sure. Fuel vendor invoice and have a special permission for that? Yeah. Maybe Maybe it's the same one. Do we already have a person that says, can you see people salaries or something? It could Seth coded something like that the last minute?

Speaker 2  28:38
I think so. I think we got some kind of payroll visibility, some permissioning stuff. Oh, yeah. I'll quickly go look at No, I won't. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  28:52
Just use admin PW. What else? Oh, then there's, there's, for me, there's vendor invoice impact on accounting, right? That whole thing that you said?

Matthias Miller  29:09
This guy, which requires the mapping for you, good for you to do?

Unknown Speaker  29:13
Oh

Speaker 1  29:18
yes, it does. That's true. So I really want you for my staff get this thing done. Right. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  29:26
What did I see about?

Unknown Speaker  29:29
Oh, okay. That was the

Speaker 2  29:30
printing we had Jonathan was doing some work on Cheque Printing, right?

Matthias Miller  29:35
Yeah, we need to figure out is is Cheque Printing something that gets driven off the accounting transaction or does it get driven off to the vendor invoice that's the bottom line issue.

Unknown Speaker  29:50
I mean, I presume

Speaker 2  29:51
a vendor invoice wins that accounting transaction Right.

Unknown Speaker  29:56
Or the other way around right? Row. Are they the right or the probably

Unknown Speaker  30:01
the other way around sure

Unknown Speaker  30:10
which is fine we can have a practice

Matthias Miller  30:14
I'd be the county whenever you whenever you sorry whenever whenever you are ready to write checks and then pull it off of the accounting transaction

Speaker 2  30:36
I mean offhand just for normal I think for other clients we would drive it from the accounting transaction but I don't I mean this client is specialized enough I don't think I care that much whatever you want

Unknown Speaker  30:57
should you have an opinion

Speaker 1  31:04
my instinct was due on the accounting transaction because like that's kind of the sentence stone thing. But But I have a little bit of an emotion of like, I'm not that familiar enough with accounting if you disagree then I'll I'll happily defer I don't I do not feel strongly

Matthias Miller  31:24
I don't I don't know that I understand there

Speaker 1  31:30
I mean, the downside is if I almost think of accounting transactions, not ephemeral, but like good reversible well, just just like oh, if we decide tomorrow that the the financial should have a different impact Well, ah, all those transactions get reversed. It's exactly where you want to be. I don't know I guess I could go either way.

Unknown Speaker  31:55
Well, the other option would be that

Matthias Miller  31:59
payment records aren't automatically created and in order to do a payment record, you have to effectively manually create that payment record and those would never get so we would use the the accounting impact concept for payments

Unknown Speaker  32:16
where we wait isn't it for

Speaker 1  32:21
for ACH stuff you want the vendor invoice you say pay this it creates a ACH transaction which is refund

Unknown Speaker  32:35
we just lose Josh there betternet Up there

Unknown Speaker  33:11
what is the oh there we go. Hey Josh

Unknown Speaker  33:23
we can't hear you Josh

Unknown Speaker  33:38
it looks like I want to

Speaker 2  33:40
hear what he's saying. I can talk but you can't hear me either. How what is the August 10 on the cash flow statement?

Matthias Miller  33:53
We said we will get July everything you need for the August August can and you've done that as far as I know. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  34:01
Can we I mean Joshy back

Unknown Speaker  34:12
it has to be with us.

Speaker 2  34:14
Let's get let's keep talking about code crafter stuff delay shows.

Unknown Speaker  34:17
Don't where's the

Unknown Speaker  34:24
what's the status?

Matthias Miller  34:28
Is the only design or is that ready to go?

Speaker 3  34:32
Still nice. Design. Yeah. deeper level design on on my side.

Speaker 4  34:39
Okay. Given the target for completion week from today, is that federal cool

Matthias Miller  35:07
I guess we don't actually have okay so we're gonna put in August 21 Sure okay accounting impact and I'm going to answer the questions from Josh and that really view intersections and income statement I think this is basically in the scored its priority after understanding is the priority after cash flow statement

Speaker 2  35:31
should we target a target of the 28th for design

Unknown Speaker  35:46
Sure let's do this again see that

Unknown Speaker  36:13
we never gotten that beat on this Do you have an opinion on this now I think

Speaker 3  36:25
I've largely that's my radar

Unknown Speaker  36:29
can you click into it

Unknown Speaker  36:33
and the product change yeah he got basically got reverted okay

Unknown Speaker  37:01
hey that video come on

Unknown Speaker  37:09
skinny affect you.

Speaker 1  37:11
It's up. My wife says no, I bang my desk and apparently gigabyte USB connection. My Webcam doesn't want to work. Or go chase it after the call. Teacher

Matthias Miller  37:31
will get back to you and back up in a moment. Somebody needs to figure out what's going on. I mean, Joel or Alex asked.

Unknown Speaker  37:41
me hit the panic button.

Speaker 2  37:46
Well, it looks like they should hit the panic button because this was in dev. So

Speaker 2  37:55
pre cutover. Clearly, right. Which is nice that that happened. But this reminder that we need to be careful. They need to be careful with what's in dev. So Joel, Joel, do you want to reach out to them on that one?

Speaker 3  38:09
Yep. Yep, I am doing so now as I was going to the other day

Unknown Speaker  38:14
and didn't.

Matthias Miller  39:11
Well, except you only want to do this for checks. I mean, it'll make sense to have a paper credit card or anything else like that, like in that case you want to so

Speaker 1  39:23
yeah, I think I cut that right there. But what we're doing right now is we put we when you click Pay on the vendor invoice, it creates ACH transaction, which points back and it's at that point that it affects accounting. And then once there's an ACH transaction we put we make read only a lot of the fields like payment date and payment amount and stuff on the vendor invoice. So I don't think you have to create a separate check record but like, I'm assuming implicit here is that the pay button is on the vendor invoice. Right?

Matthias Miller  40:06
then you need a separate process to

Unknown Speaker  40:16
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  40:22
Here's where it'd be really nice to have a

Unknown Speaker  40:26
show you don't want to separate check record.

Matthias Miller  40:30
Make sure that they don't want to separate check record either. Interesting, right?

Speaker 3  40:40
Awesome. Matthias in the shared chat, you said have Jonathan close out the move accounting settings to Company record. I'm so sorry. That was the that was check. I assume

Unknown Speaker  40:56
that's the wrong one.

Unknown Speaker  41:00
Ah, brilliant.

Unknown Speaker  41:01
Cool.

Matthias Miller  41:03
That would be a little better.

Matthias Miller  41:18
So you try to check record, and then you would link your accounting transaction to the check record.

Speaker 1  41:24
Yeah, the check says I'm paying this vendor invoice and the vendor invoice sees that and goes read only.

Matthias Miller  41:34
There's nothing generic about this at all. I mean, it's always the future stuff like

Speaker 1  41:41
you get the check record be generic, but the link back to the vendor invoice and be specific, yes. That's kind of what we're doing for ACH. Like, you can make an ACH payments, but, but the actual link back is like how it gets to the end is specific to them. I mean, ACH is also different because of using our check gateway, which is specific to them. So it's maybe not as big a deal, I don't care.

Matthias Miller  42:17
Let me think through check numbering. It's presumably linkbacks. And so the count which and then you pull the check number off the athlete account or bank account? Or use either the last one or the then the next one, or you have

Unknown Speaker  42:44
saying creating check numbers.

Matthias Miller  42:51
I guess you could have it. Okay, so the financial account would have a starting check number. Check record would have a check. Number. A

Unknown Speaker  43:06
is a check number isn't check number already printed on the check?

Speaker 3  43:09
It is and encoded using magnetic ink.

Matthias Miller  43:16
But you don't want to have that think back with? How are you going to see check numbers back? Is that a separate process to say I printed these check in here the numbers? I mean, here are the ones that need to print. Well, QuickBooks will just automatically assign them like this. Think it's just too bad. And you have to go fix it up and say well, actually, sorry. I mean, often you print it says print okay? And then if it didn't, it says well, what's the next check number that you're going to print or something like that. But what we could do is we could show show on when you print go to print checks, we could we could print checks on printed, and then you could have something to assign check numbers. Or it would basically default and then confirm and apply that to the checks that were printed. And if we always make sure that you print them in order for something like that

Matthias Miller  44:23
you print the checks. And then you have a process to say I printed him I verify these check numbers

Unknown Speaker  44:33
still have a beautiful day.

Matthias Miller  45:00
I think this is close enough that I could refer if you guys are happy with going down this route

Speaker 5  45:36
what is the I in this case? vendor invoice? So you would

Speaker 2  45:46
I mean, we'll also be specifying the check, are we specifying the trend check number on the

Unknown Speaker  45:55
trends transaction are the other way around.

Matthias Miller  45:58
Yes, on the transaction, the transaction will automatically be generated. Presumably you can't generate the transaction until you actually treat the cheque.

Speaker 4  46:09
Well, until you actually print the check, because you want to watch that number to us. Or we need a way to

Matthias Miller  46:23
I don't know I'm gonna have to drop off here in like, five or 10 minutes. Sure. It seems to me like this is the kind of thing that needs additional design. Do we all want to do that in here? Do we want to coordinate of playing like, I know what they need? Yeah. And I was

Speaker 2  46:35
just realizing this is gonna be different for different people, although well, so this is really a printed check, which is different than like, we send checks via Bank of America, though. I mean, they may or may not have check numbers, but you don't have the complexity of a printed check.

Unknown Speaker  46:52
Right. So

Speaker 2  46:55
anyway, maybe Jolin, you can design it, and then I can get feedback or something. So yeah. Which I guess is where it is at right now.

Speaker 4  47:12
Okay, well, I would like to take well, I guess. Here's the next question, Josh.

Matthias Miller  47:19
Here's my vote. My vote is Josh, we need to get that fielded so that any of the AP conversations is actually meaningful, I think I can reply to your AP conversation questions by email tomorrow, and try to get some answers. And I don't know not the right way in this plane to ruthlessly but kind of move it through the project management openings, and

Unknown Speaker  47:45
we know where things are at.

Speaker 1  47:47
Yeah, so I'm gonna try to get that field knocked out and then send you an email and in theory you work with drew on that tomorrow, which will set up my stuff for further development. So is it realistically expected if I get my stuff done tonight that he'll get the mapping done tomorrow?

Unknown Speaker  48:02
I think so. Okay, that'd be

Speaker 1  48:05
fantastic. pulled out a copy of database to develop with. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  48:11
Great. Fantastic.

Unknown Speaker  48:13
Thank you. All right. Thanks, guys. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai