Matthias Miller  00:00
that comes out of it that we want to come back to. And then number two is they have a project,

Speaker 1  00:06
you're afraid that you're gonna say something intelligent and not have a record.

Matthias Miller  00:12
I just recently connected Audra to my zoom so that I can go find smart stuff to story of my life. So we're gonna be

Speaker 1  00:21
making all kinds of snarky comments right now, because that one's a loaded comment.

Matthias Miller  00:29
Yes, it is. And then the other piece of it, I think, just straight up project management role, which is, what projects do we have? How do we drive them forward? What are the obstacles? How do we, you know, who needs what where's the bottlenecks? Setting setting deadlines and schedules and?

Matthias Miller  00:52
And it I mean, it's not going to be long until that person with with the type of stuff like that person could be busy for a couple of months working on accounting rollout. For example.

Speaker 1  01:02
Do you think, because we talked about this, here in a quarterly planning meeting with my staff, do you think you could find, do you think there's a person who would fit well in this role could also fit well, in writing training material role? Yeah. So one of the things that I we kind of that came out of this because I feel like from just a project management implementation standpoint, like that workload is heavy at one point, and like nothing at the next, like, as projects rollout, it's, but if we add in training material, like writing, and documentation, and like, this could be super powerful.

Matthias Miller  01:49
You have training material, you have process documentation, process optimization, you have, I mean, imagine if, imagine what would happen if you'd have a less expensive version of a less expensive, more disciplined, more focused version of myself. And if they're, if they're busy, if they have

Unknown Speaker  02:14
glad you took it on yourself, because I was afraid you're gonna save me.

Matthias Miller  02:24
But imagine if things get slow, this person goes over to I don't know what the right person is to pick on Lindsey, and says, Hey, Lindsay, I'm gonna sit down beside you for a day. And I'm just going to shadow you, we're just going to hang out. And I'm just going to take notes, I'm going to see what's painful for you. And I'm going to go go around all the departments all the people, I'm going to go do that and figure out what's what's wrong, what's broken, and you come back and say, this person over here, they're, they're in deep pain, and they don't know to ask for anything. And if we don't fix this thing over here, their life will be easy. Or this person over here is always has this type of problem that always keeps coming up. If we would put this kind of system or process in place, then we can fix that. Or there's this old way that we've always been doing it and we could do it better like like this over here

Speaker 1  03:12
would a person doing this job

Matthias Miller  03:17
could they do it remotely? That's what I'm not sure

Matthias Miller  03:30
Well, let's answer this question this way. Could I do it remotely?

Unknown Speaker  03:34
This person sounds like a Tim reach is what it sounds like.

Matthias Miller  03:38
Oh, yeah, he would be oh goodness. He'd be phenomenal allowed to talk. I'm gonna block your number

Speaker 1  03:51
I'm not I'm not I'm not proposing stealing him. I'm saying but like when I when I started thinking about this that's the first person that came to my mind.

Matthias Miller  04:00
Well, he's got a brother. If if we don't want him then I don't know if he wants to move to North Carolina though.

Speaker 1  04:10
But Tim does this remotely for you right? Yeah, he does. So why Why couldn't it could it could it be possible to have this person be remote

Matthias Miller  04:32
I think you'll suffer speed of communication learning I don't know. Learning the business is going to take a good bit of time. But, but getting them on boarded actually isn't that bad. It's Hey, we're designing this logistics thing. Come jump on the calls and listen to his talk this stuff through and you're gonna get a whole bunch of stuff by osmosis. is and. And then as it gets built out, you get to see it, test it, play around with it, learn it, use it, and you implement this piece. And then there's this other training piece. Okay. Here's the other thing training actually isn't that complicated? So not to toot my own horn, but But to do that, like, all I really did was record a few conversations with Mike. And primarily Mike also gave on truepoint product value, and we have a training curriculum to onboard online salespeople. Is it perfect? No. Is it complete? Absolutely not. Is it something that saves us? You know, six hours every hire? Six hours of senior time every hire Yeah,

Speaker 1  05:45
FYI. Is there. Okay. Can you make some of that, like, more universally accessible that like the next dealers that we bring on? Like that, that call I did with Marissa. Like, if I could, if I could set that out to send that out to a brand new dealer and say, before I show up, and we do, you know, in person training, watch this.

Matthias Miller  06:11
And learn Yeah, we just, we just need to figure out there's three categories that we have, we have training for everybody training for just online sales and training for just dealers. And up until this point has just been one Hodge, it's once to be one hodgepodge. And if we can split them apart like that, I have no problem with that. It's just a matter of rearranging some wiki categories.

Speaker 1  06:32
Well, and if we can, if we can, if you're, if you're dumping all that into wiki, and I literally can set somebody up on like, if we do an online sales team and a brick and mortar sales team, user group, and we kind of split some of this stuff based on like, their particular slant of methodologies. Man, I could have, I could have somebody like onboard somebody say, Alright, I need you to go watch through this, this this go through this stuff. I need you to come back to me once you're finished with that. And like that would be super awesome.

Matthias Miller  07:02
Yeah, totally. I mean, it's all there waiting for you. You can go poking around in the online sales, training and sort through stuff. And if nothing else, you can just copy paste a whole bunch of stuff out and send it to people. But totally,

Speaker 1  07:20
how does? How are you? How are you putting your video stuff in?

Matthias Miller  07:23
Just URLs, links, links to Vimeo?

Speaker 1  07:27
Got it. So that's how you're doing that. Got it. And it's an open them. It's open so that anybody can see the stuff like you don't really you're not restricted?

Matthias Miller  07:34
Anybody with the link? Yeah. Got it.

Speaker 1  07:38
So, okay, Tim reached his brother. What's he doing now? And What's he planning on doing? And what is this something he would be interested in?

Matthias Miller  07:46
He's interested in software design, or he actually came to us for testing. He didn't realize his brother had moved on from testing. I don't know whether it tells us about their tells us about the relationship, because it's been a while. But that was smart. But he's interested in software design, we want to take him through the paces. Have him do the logic test. See how he fares on that? So yeah. Yeah, if he's good, we got him versus another guy who wouldn't be available until May, that we'd be looking at.

Speaker 1  08:22
Okay, but back to this, this, this concept of talking about whether a person like this could do remote, you feel like probably this would be a little bit of a struggle.

Matthias Miller  08:34
I think you're gonna want them. Wow. Instinctively, I would say that these are people that you want sitting in human Leanne's meetings, and you want them to learn by osmosis, how you guys think and what your vision is for the company. And you want them in some form or fashion to be an extension of you. Now, I could be mistaken. Maybe I'm thinking about this differently than you are.

Matthias Miller  09:09
So maybe it could be remote. I don't know. Your options are way way wide open if they are, I don't know.

Speaker 1  09:26
And that's the reason I asked about doing an online because if, if we can do this, like the options become way, we get a lot more options. If we do this from a remote standpoint. I'll be I have not had the best of experiences with remote people. So I get a little bit nervous about this. But I feel like some of this is really quantifiable, in particular on the training materials like setting expectations as you go as you go, you know, module by module and just dig in and document And, you know, learn it, document it work with people that are actually using it and come up with training materials on it.

Matthias Miller  10:08
What's been your challenge with with remote people? Not working? Well, it's a solvable problem. Besides the fact that Tim wants to be in ministry, I've more consistently had to tell him to work less, not more.

Speaker 1  10:28
I mean, some of its some of it is a is a sum of it's our fault. Because Leanne and I are very, very much self motivated, driven people and we expect other people to do that be that and not everybody is

Matthias Miller  10:48
make it a requirement for this thing to work. You have to be driven? Well, I mean,

Speaker 1  10:56
yeah, everybody's driven for that, because everybody would say they're driven.

Matthias Miller  11:00
Well, here's the here's the flaky thing. I haven't been exactly sure how to articulate. But I will, how do you spot for that?

Speaker 1  11:28
Do any personalities like tests actually

Matthias Miller  11:33
account for that? The Dynamo, the dynamite interview process is an attempt to measure for that, where you basically ask types of questions and try to determine not just a specific answer, but you know, are they what types of response? Are they giving? Are they? Are they giving persuasive? Basically, a what level of thinking? Is their response? Is that a foundational level of thinking? Or is that a mature, higher developed level of thinking?

Speaker 1  12:06
Because ideally, I would like a person like this to be, like I say to them, Look, I want you to go through and do build training materials and documentation. Like there is so much stuff right now that I wish was like actually documented, like when we get into someone like our building records and what actual fields mean? Like defining those fields, Josh has done a little bit of this, but not very much. Because like, Do you know how many times that we get into something? And we're like, what does that mean? Again? Like I can't How did that work? And it's like, you know, you don't you don't think about things to their problem. And then then you go back, and then you got to do all this research to figure out exactly what we did on the, on how that worked.

Unknown Speaker  12:53
Yeah. Agreed.

Speaker 1  12:59
On that for a little bit. And just, you know, if you have any thoughts on this, I want Mark's been pushing me to say I need to go, I need to think about this. And I've got some ideas put together, I think that we are now at the size, and it causes enough pain when we implement something. Because this is not my strong suit at all. I mean, this is a huge weak point for me. And some of it's just a mental block. For me, it's like, well, nobody taught me I went and figured this stuff out. So you should do so. But that's like stupid. But so I want to present I want to present to incite the board and say, I think this would be a really smart thing to do. And particularly, and not just not just for internal office stuff, but for dealers for shops for I mean, training, training them how to use assist, like even on their head would be fantastic.

Matthias Miller  14:09
Yeah, I think you're right, I think I think you do end up looking for the top at the top. I've been perhaps too I don't know how given Mike actually feel about it, perhaps to their chagrin, I don't know. I've been super picky about these online salespeople. And there's there's multiple dimensions that you're looking at. You're looking at experience and knowledge, you're looking at personality you're looking at. I look at the Colby, but then there's also kind of this. I mean, there is this I don't know how to describe it besides just

Matthias Miller  14:48
how developed and mature they are as a person and maybe I'm setting setting my sights. Way too high. But I also know the frustrations that can happen when you've got people doing things that they've got no business doing. They're trying to do things that they've gotten a business doing. So, anyway, but I think I think you can set the criteria for that. And depending where, where you actually look, you know, who's to say that there's not some retired business analyst, or some retired software designer? Or some young upstart or some just some really smart? Well, IQ is something that goes into this as well, especially when you're, you're working at with software. But

Speaker 1  15:42
you've got to be able to, you've got to be able to pull abstracts together.

Matthias Miller  15:47
Yeah, you got to be able to learn fast. Think on your thing. Well think Well, I don't know that if you have to think on your feet but and then you have to be able to think and systems and Process One of the things that one of somebody I get way too much in my own head. But I think I'm probably in the top. I don't know if this is true or not, or accurate, but I think I'm probably in the top 1% of how I think about systems and process and putting them together and pulling them out of chaotic situations. But there's a substantial amount of the world that does not think in those terms, they think in all kinds of other terms, which is fine and good and necessary, but you want to find that thin sliver of whatever that person is and run with it. I don't know ah, I

Speaker 1  16:57
wish I could convince you to recruit this person for me because you have you have the ability to spot for this stuff way better than I did.

Matthias Miller  17:10
Well, I think I think it says I mean, I think insight if it actually is a priority. I think I think insight might I mean, I don't know I might be might be convinced I am not sure how long the sales team recruiting gang goes. If these guys can get if I get these guys,

Speaker 1  17:27
I do think you should be somewhat convinced because they will be involved. Like you're gonna have to like this person if you're going to have if we're going to have through one of our calls. Sure.

Speaker 1  17:45
Just duplicate you and me put the two together and we don't have a map we perfect. There you go. Just bad sides of each of you and me and put all the good sides together.

Matthias Miller  17:57
Genetic engineering like genetic engineering

Speaker 1  17:59
my bad promise you probably that person I don't know that either. Was good stand. Maybe noxious?

Matthias Miller  18:13
Oh, goodness. Yeah. All right. Cool. Yeah. Um, yeah. My brains immediately whatever stuff you have in your head, I know, this is your nature. This is this is what, that's what I'm like, at a minimum, like let's we could, doesn't have to be Now it could be sometime we could start putting that down, put it putting together a list of what traits and qualities of this person have, what kind of knowledge experiences need to have and just kind of at least getting a rough outline of what type of person are we looking for, and getting an outline of what the responsibilities are and you

Speaker 1  18:46
recorded this call and Otto is going to read it back to you and you're gonna send it to me

Matthias Miller  18:49
and Mary will look it up after we're off the call and send it to you right thing go. Perfect. Awesome. That's a great marriage just got there you go marry, it's in your lap. Cool. Well, that's good. You're still here and working with Matthias means it must work so that to your credit. I think it's working. I don't know what what is it? Yeah, well, I'm, I'm continually forced to grow up as a leader and become better and let's get married gets to see the good, the bad and the ugly of how I roll and how I do business. So there you go. It's been good.

Speaker 1  19:37
All right, cool. Well, whenever you have that marriage, just shoot it to my email. And I'm going to use some of the some of these things to kind of kind of refine this thing. I do think having a list of qualities. And a hot spot for some of this stuff, I think is extremely valuable. The reason I wanted to talk with you about that is is because I think from a design software implementation inside you deal with this stuff all the time. I feel like you probably have a really good feeling of a kind of person that's going to do well at this Yeah, if I could if I could afford and higher Tim rates and you wouldn't be mad at me, I probably would pursue that idea.

Matthias Miller  20:19
You could, you could absolutely afford him. He's working part time right now that, you know, the biggest obstacle to overcome is it's yeah, he's sorry. He's just too good. I don't know if we got lucky or what but

Speaker 1  20:43
yeah, I mean, assume you probably have a Colby index on him. And you probably have information on them. So we can kind of use potentially maybe use him as somewhat of a template.

Matthias Miller  20:54
Yeah, yeah, they do have a Colby index on him. And I kind of know what to expect already with the with the Colby index. And I think even on the desk, there's some some clear patterns to be looking for. And yeah, I'm trying to think there were some candidates actually, that we might have come across that I'm not sure if any, any of them would be at the level that we would want to but there were quite a number of candidates that came across that were more process heavy than they were empathy heavy, and we really wanted to take tailored towards empathy and being able to read people like that's kind of a given. But there might be something within those 100 150 applications

Matthias Miller  21:40
that and I know it's kind of a lateral move for them, but where that might actually be a better fit for them. All right,

Unknown Speaker  21:53
I got dropped. Awesome. Appreciate

Unknown Speaker  21:55
it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai