Matthias Miller  01:48
Good morning Tori. Morning Marissa everybody Good Morning Good to see y'all work was for he is silent this morning she she messaged and said feeling better but still not quite voices that quite cooperating so

Speaker 1  02:20
my kids have a cough right now under poor little throats. They sound so bad. So here's the season I think

Matthias Miller  02:27
it's the season goodness

Matthias Miller  02:36
like a few minutes to show up I had a

Speaker 1  02:59
question on assist, Matthias that I could start with forea. And I could send it in an email to if we want to keep that thread going of like the, the feedback. When, when a to do is created, there's a column for contact descriptions status, follow up date and then follow up task. The status One is I think the one either we're building out still, but I wanted to start to try to identify the folks that had been quoted and the folks that I've just been spinning my wheels trying to get them on the line wanted what's the plan or just so I know kind of how to mentally track those folks.

Matthias Miller  03:49
That's a good question.

Matthias Miller  03:51
Okay. We are

Matthias Miller  04:09
is phone number the best way to match? Match the quote. Yeah, the quote to that opportunity?

Speaker 1  04:20
That's good question. Probably because I mean, the name could vary based upon the, you know, the contact, here's kind of all over the board, first name, last name, email, or the phone number. Or if, or maybe the email address, or the email address. Yeah, that's might be standard.

Matthias Miller  04:44
I mean, one of the things that's we knew we wanted to do for a long time was to be able to create a quote that automatically gets tied out to the opportunity.

Matthias Miller  04:52
Yeah. I wonder Okay, well, this is pretty straightforward. We'll do a

Speaker 1  05:16
even if it's manual, for now, Matthias, like, and when you open the to do, and you're entering the date, even if it's a checkbox, it's like, quote, St. Quote, not sent. Like it, yes, no,

Matthias Miller  05:30
I think what I'll end up doing and do anything with the right place is for this. That somewhere, we can add buttons to link, automatically link the, quote your quotes to your opportunities, they'll just go through and try to match them up. And once those are linked, then everything should work. And so I can give you a button for that, to do that linking, which would update the status. And I think we're the best place would be to do that. You want that on the to do report?

Speaker 1  06:10
I think so. I would want it on the to do report. But if it could, if that status column, like we added the phone number column to the opportunities, if we could have that status column added, just for sorting, we could do filter easily that way. Yeah. Or if they move, so currently, under the opportunities, there's the abandoned and lost header, and then there's a not quoted header, if that not quoted header becomes maybe not quoted, and then a quoted section.

Matthias Miller  06:51
Yeah, I'm pretty sure that if I implemented the process to automatically tie them out that grouping, I'll show it

Speaker 1  06:58
like that. Okay. That will be really, really nice. I think that'll give me and Tori like that quick of who have you not talked to yet personally, even maybe you've been emailing them to get a lead.

Matthias Miller  07:14
Cool. Makes sense? Good. I will do that.

Speaker 1  07:25
And thank you for all the updates. That was really great. Seeing the phone numbers this morning actually really helped my my eyes are getting older. That's my brain, please. Call them help their time. Awesome. So thank you.

Matthias Miller  07:40
All right. Do you guys have any preference on Adobe sign versus DocuSign versus any other type of technology for RTF? Signing? Well.

Speaker 1  07:57
I wouldn't say personally, for me, I don't have a preference, but I have used DocuSign very, very heavily before in a previous job. So I'm very familiar with the platform. I would endorse it as far as I think it's a good signing platform.

Matthias Miller  08:15
Tory Do you have any experience with with any interrupted the chat? I'll go. I'll go pick one ad. get you guys set up with one but

Speaker 1  08:26
yeah. Does Adobe offer SMS authentication?

Matthias Miller  08:33
No, that's I don't know how to do this. DocuSign do that.

Unknown Speaker  08:36
Yes. Literally think was one of the reasons I would write eggs. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  08:43
All right. Well, I'm happy with DocuSign I have no preference. So what we're doing okay, counsel, you guys. Whatever working on this today. Cool. Good

Matthias Miller  09:08
Yeah, and then hopefully this weekend, I sent you an email about this. Hopefully this weekend. We'll get the hopefully we'll we'll get an update on this this weekend. If so we'll get the voicemail option. That point we can actually, we should go ahead and do this right now. In addition to the statuses we should have portunity status we should have a unclaimed unqualified, not yet quoted quoted one lost or abandoned.

Matthias Miller  10:03
and it will be qualified at the point of either a quote having been made or a phone conversation having been had, right. Good.

Speaker 1  10:24
Anecdotally, Matthias, everyone that has picked up the phone has ended up with a cord. So they've been respond unless they were just like click everyone that has at least taken three minutes to say hello, and what they want, has can get. So that's good. They're willing, they're willing to share, which is

Matthias Miller  10:51
good. Interesting. All right, well, good. All right, and the choice of the update, and she said that the flashcards actually worked quite well. So that information is in the wiki

Unknown Speaker  11:20
now. Nice.

Matthias Miller  11:23
And see you Yep. There's a link under day one with the password. So thanks for putting that in there. Tori. And so she's gonna be looking through notion templates for calls and follow up more in depth look at notion and continuing to go work through the the Quizlet. So

Matthias Miller  11:54
okay. So Marissa, sounds like we need your numbers for yesterday.

Speaker 1  12:01
Yeah, it's becoming a trend. We got our morning metrics. I love it. What metrics? Yeah, running metrics. Okay, so yesterday, I had a total of 14 leads to follow. There were eight that went to voicemail followed by the inquiry email. So slot those eight to design, they go. So that would be round one inquiry, and then that goes into a follow up the next day of another phone call. So that's just kind of the pathway. I'm taking those folks. I'll talk through that for just a second. So that we're kind of tracking together and critique me if we want to do something different. So round one, voicemail goes through an inquiry email the next day, and another phone call outreach. If it goes to voicemail again, they get another follow up email to the same thread, just another ping. And then of course, if they answer they start going into the qualified lead track, if we have conversations. I'm not quite sure what to do with round three, if they're not answering me have to kind of bounce that off of you. And my goal as far as maybe how far to pinned out that outreach? Do I keep doing it every day? And then how many outreaches? Do we want to do before we just kind of slot them out for a month and maybe do a final contact? I'm not sure.

Matthias Miller  13:25
Have you heard of Fibonacci? I have not. Okay. Well, Fibonacci is make sure I explained this correctly. But you have. So you take two numbers, you added two together to get the next next number. So you've got 001. And then zero plus one is one you wait a day is one plus two is three, and then you wait two days, and then you wait three days, and then five, 813 2134, gotcha, etc. Okay. So the, there's pretty geeky mathematical stuff about this, is that you start a Fibonacci sequence on one day and the second one on the second day, then there's highly, you know, high level highly unlikely to will land on the same day going forward. Certainly in the first few days, it might be possible, but afterwards that that trend, and that's kind of like the something along those lines, so. Yeah, so follow up today. Follow up next day, wait two days and follow up, wait three days and follow up and just build out that sequence? Okay, I think something like that would be appropriate. After we've had we've seen people come come to life after 30 days. I think time of day might be you know, we still don't know about that. And I don't know how to proceed after that. 90 days, for sure. Like that's like even does that really mean much at all?

Speaker 1  15:10
Contact Info pieces go into like a drip campaign, though something that's maybe less driven by my team, but just like general marketing at that point, okay, yes.

Matthias Miller  15:18
So the plan is to have. So we're still kind of nailing down the last details of the copywriting on the auto responder, but it's basically ready to go as soon as we do that. And it's a fairly hard hitting, or like, it's daily emails for the first two weeks, and then a number of emails up through I believe, through 30 days, then after the 30 days, we're not using professionally copy written material, we're just dropping them blog posts every week. And it's kind of the expectation they probably aren't going to. Maybe they'll they'll shut back up. But that's awesome.

Speaker 1  16:01
I'll keep going then one our metrics. So we divided those 14 calls eight, four inquiries, and then six were conversations and six were quotes. So we had a good chunk of folks that were interested in using them for tiny homes. And also motorcycle four wheeler storage seem to be the theme yesterday, again, heading into winter. Yeah. So those six quotes are out there. And they have now followed the path or follow up today on Do you have any questions on your quote, I start that with a phone call. If they aren't available, I'll just ping that same email thread with a very friendly, like, you know, let me know if you have questions. Here are some options on colors, like just trying to keep the conversation going. I tried to give them the colors as like a call to action to get back to me. And then I did, those were all new follow up contacts that weren't helping and that were a little much more of qualified lead, or to clients. one's name is Kathleen Ortiz. And I spoke with Lindsay and Karina, and they're sending someone to her house today. That's kind of already on a delivery in the area to check out the spacing down driveway clearance. And then the other is a couple that want to do a rent to own contract on their purchase, Nick also have the very restricted driveway entrance. So we're scheduling a site check out for next Wednesday. I will not feel good about signing their any paperwork with them until we have a sidetrack their driveways like 10 feet by six inches. So yeah, it's like so I just wanted to give an update there.

Matthias Miller  17:53
So yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  17:58
Kind of following that two week pattern, it seems like, you know, these folks were early connections. I think both were on Tuesday for an initial conversation. So we've refined the quote to the point where they're happy with their building. And now we're just kind of wrapping up the, I guess, the logistics information before they sign the dotted line. So following that trend? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  18:19
Yeah. Makes sense. I I don't know if there's be interesting to see if there's ways to shorten that or not. But yeah, that'd be I don't know.

Speaker 1  18:32
I think there could be if I figure out a way to mean, considering that it's a virtual conversation, I probably need to strategize how to get folks to send us pictures of their locations, as opposed to sending out site checks, because if we can eliminate some of that labor, that might be more efficient. So I can ponder that. And maybe even since the site check for the couple, Tim and Marian Dellinger hasn't happened yet, maybe they can send photographs and even avoid an actual having have someone drive out there and I'm not sure how that's done for our folks that have lots and how they can handle those site checks. So

Matthias Miller  19:25
I mean, I think logistics typically handles site checks, not the dealer. So okay, that's conventionally how it's been done. But if

Matthias Miller  19:46
Yeah, not sure who the best person is to have that conversation with but if it and I don't know if anybody on the logistics team has

Matthias Miller  20:01
Duane might actually be a good person to ask to see if there would be a way to do even to a video call with somebody in, in logistics for site checks, whether that would be whether that would be an option. How often do we do site checks? I mean, it kind of just, I don't have a good number on how frequently it actually happens. It depends on the on the deliverability of the building

Speaker 1  20:41
Yeah, that's a good, I would wonder that as well. But it just seems like such a waste of time for the logistics team to run out and do a site check. When we could potentially do it virtually. They're mentioning that

Matthias Miller  20:52
is okay. Well, let me let me say something to Dwayne let me actually find out from

Matthias Miller  21:12
an interesting business okay, good. Have those eight that were voicemails? How many of them were late leads?

Unknown Speaker  22:10
Hi, there, I'm sorry. My phone at the beginning? What was your question?

Matthias Miller  22:20
So of the Eat that eat voicemails, how many of them were late night leads? Good question.

Speaker 2  22:38
I, the first thing that comes to my mind is I don't know, as far as a numeric, I will have to. Because they're all in like a giant opportunities list, I need to go back and see what those names are of those eight people. And just kind of go and find them. This is where the filtering is gonna really help in seeing which ones haven't been contacted.

Matthias Miller  23:08
Agreed. If you want to wait to answer this question until Monday, and I have a problem with that.

Speaker 2  23:17
Yeah, no problem. I will need to go through a list of phone numbers. Look at the lead source time. And then look at, you know, our new communication tag and then what time and how those corresponded. That's a nice metric I can pull unless there's a report that shows that already. ability to do that. And look at No.

Matthias Miller  23:49
So what you want is Oh, first contact the first communication time versus the second one really?

Speaker 2  24:05
Yeah. And I guess that probably won't help us because right now it all just this phone call. It doesn't say voicemail. So all manually check this one. But I think once we have that tag, they're good to see. Easy to pull a report on.

Matthias Miller  24:21
Yeah. Yeah, let's.

Speaker 2  24:24
Yeah. I'll have a bit. I'll take the week. Let's do that. I'll do the week as a wholeness, I have to that'll be a good snapshot for Monday. And we'll see what was the week like time parameters kind of that.

Matthias Miller  24:40
Sure, that we can also run some numbers. I thought about it this morning. But about to make a note of it. But we could run some numbers of a type form to get some we've got six months of data on time of the day, time of day of week for leads. We're getting pretty close to that at least and

Matthias Miller  25:05
The other fun thing, which is a side note, really need to take a time talking about it, but we're actually able to deploy that we're able to link quotes back to opportunities, then we're able to attribute actual sales to the specific ad that was running on Facebook or Google that resulted in the sale. So it's pretty cool. Yes. It's huge.

Unknown Speaker  25:34
Yeah, use those marketing dollars wisely, right.

Matthias Miller  25:37
Yes. That's a feedback loop. Really interested in building out these feedback loops. So yeah, it's gonna be very helpful. Good. Awesome. Well, anything else before

Speaker 2  25:51
we wrap up? Question I have one building related question. I may have to

Speaker 2  26:09
bring a little test. If it comes back to me, I will send it over to Michael It wasn't a pressing one. Oh, I remember what it was. It was locked on top of garage doors. I wanted to make sure that when a roll up garage doors in put into the building a couple of folks that can put my loft above where the garage door rest so that I'm don't have dead space. And I don't know exactly if that's okay. Question came,

Matthias Miller  26:44
okay. Yeah. Well, you can send it out to him and we'll get the answer. Okay. Well, good. Good.

Unknown Speaker  26:53
I'll see y'all better Tori.

Matthias Miller  27:01
Have a good one. All right. Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai