Matthias Miller  00:01
So great conversations here, I have recently been working on putting together unique ability statements, which I've put together here. What I'm spending Monday and Tuesday putting together a talk that will hopefully lead into my Mount Kilimanjaro. Come see me thing. And so and I think I think my, my big question here is, up until this point, the Mount Kilimanjaro experience has basically been centered around. Let me build out the data model and system design for a software system for you. Which to me is a very, I don't particularly like because it's a very niche. Kind of a problem. It's, in this particular case, it's people who are, who don't want to buy off the shelf software, they need some kind of business management software. And there's a very small segment of people who are actively interested in doing that. But it seems to me like there should be a few one to five, maybe 10 degree separations, where the essence of what I'm doing with that is not that different than, you know, apply, it's basically the same process applied to a different problem set. So if you look at, you know, unique abilities, maybe one way to kind of to look at this, is it applying this to processes and systems within a business to optimize the business? Is it applied to something like organizational design? Or is it literally no start with start with the same? The same offer that we're currently using and see if you can land clients through speaking gigs through basically exactly the same thing?

Speaker 1  01:56
So I don't know if I'm understanding your question correctly or not. But the drop fixture, you tell me

Unknown Speaker  02:06
if this looks

Speaker 1  02:12
like the right idea, so what I think we're talking about here is that you're absolutely ideal person is somebody who wants this software plus, like, several, it's like this Venn diagram of like five things, which is needles in haystacks. Now, what you're asking is, how do I back this down? So I have an appreciable number of people here, an appreciable number of people here that I could go any number of directions with, instead of just being this narrow thing? Is that what you're asking? Yes. Okay. So ask again,

Matthias Miller  03:11
a different way. Okay, so the, the needle in a haystack is somebody who has maybe some has some kind of business management software ERP, and it's not workable for them, and they want to literally build their own. Okay. And so, the part of the process that is the Mount Kilimanjaro kind of thing that we were talking about, at the Chicagoland live was is, let me sit down with you. And I'm going to ask you a billion questions about your process, your workflow, your systems, what do you need to track? How do you how to how do you manage how do other parts play with each other? What are the departmental relationships, what, you know, what's workflow, all of those types of questions, and at the end of that, I can, I can lay out for you exactly how this thing should be structured. That's fundamentally so that could be applied to software, but if you wanted to back it out one layer further. That's not that different than some form of system or process consulting and or organizational design if you want to abstract it out. One step further.

Speaker 1  04:26
Okay. So what is the obstacle that keeps you from making that a satisfying business as mapped out?

Matthias Miller  04:43
So, the obstacle is, if it is the, I'm really struggling with. So I think honestly, the most interesting thing is, is disconnecting this from the software building. Okay, and dealing with systems and processes and all of those types of things. The question that the obstacle is, I'm struggling with how to articulate what the what the value add, actually is. And maybe maybe I'm just I feel like I'm probably too close to it myself

Speaker 1  05:17
the penthouse, right? Yeah. Like, like this is an apartment building. And most of the units are $400,000. In the software. The penthouse is $4 million, right? Okay. And so aren't you really asking? I want to bring people I want to, I want to bring people to here. And I want to sell one of them software and I want to sell 50 of them. System consulting or organization designed for a whole lot less money than the software, but they're still going to walk away with their problem solved. Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  06:02
Right. Yes. Okay.

Speaker 1  06:06
So all you need to do is designed to wear their elevator, get some to this floor. If you get enough people taking the elevator to this floor, you can sort them out here. And every now and then one of them will end up here, but the rest of them could be happy. Yep. So you need a sortation system, which could just be an initial consultation where I don't know if it's an hour or a day, but you talk to him. And you say, well, you before we get started, you could end up, I just do an organizational design for you. It can end up being that we do a whole bunch of system consulting or in rare cases, my team builds your whole, like they rebuild your software. I can do all of that. But I can't do very many of these. So let's just start with what I know I can do for

Matthias Miller  07:09
you today. Yep. Does that work? Yeah, it works. And then. And then the conceptual that makes sense. I'm I'm struggling with what is the bleeding neck at at that level? Or am I completely overthinking what the bleeding neck actually is?

Speaker 2  07:27
I'll try to genericized it. We've we've talked some so it remember at ad 20 Oh, we'll use ad 20 Here 80% of people or less or more cannot see or understand process. They only see confetti, if they want to make a change, or the business needs to change or they need to change. They don't know where to start, because they only see confetti and all kinds of other stuff, right? Whereas you walk in and use waves, and it's so hard for you as you see this existing system and you see how to change it for the future. So if you can put it in that something along those kind of terms, like what's the emotion they're feeling? Well, you know, they know they need to do something, but they don't know where to start, because all they see is confetti, you know, and so and the other thing is, is that the next 8020 You know, out of the 20% that can kind of see a process, there's another 8020 out of that to 20% that can actually design and manipulate and change, right? It's very, very small skill set, actually. But the main thing is, you know, try to ask them to go back and you know, what are they thinking what's in their head? What's the emotion and I think it's you know for you it's if you want to bring order out of chaos describe that chaos, all the confetti they see and they don't know where all the all the tape bound together. They don't know which chord to pull on.

Speaker 1  09:00
Yeah, look, all you have to do is perfectly exquisitely described the bleeding neck. And they will come to you assuming that you know how to solve the problem, simply because you described it perfectly. And they don't necessarily have to know what your solution is. If Helena perfectly described the Alfa masculine female that hasn't had sex in a year and is lonely and crickets in the bedroom. If she describes that perfectly enough. She'll get phone calls without saying anything about what it is she actually does. It's good enough just to perfectly describe the prom. And so really, you just need to write a page in their diary to where they completely recognize themselves and you're at least halfway there. In one step


Transcribed by https://otter.ai