Matthias Miller  00:48
Why is this in your

Unknown Speaker  00:54
Well, I guess it helps if I turn my microphone on

Matthias Miller  00:58
you fair warning. I may be scatterbrained today well good. No,

Speaker 1  01:08
not good. That's not that is not the normal response to someone who says they might be scatterbrained.

Matthias Miller  01:17
Well okay, let me

Speaker 1  01:23
I am I am so glad that Mark loves this accounting stuff because my brain wanted to melt today.

Matthias Miller  01:30
Oh, same with same with me. I'm like I have the same feeling about Joel. Bottom line.

Speaker 1  01:40
I'm glad there's people who love this stuff. I move

Matthias Miller  01:49
Let me copy and paste everything that you just do this way. I think I haven't meaning. Have you used incident reminders? Incident reminders?

Matthias Miller  02:05
Maybe you guys don't have it? I don't know. Yeah, you have instant reminders.

Unknown Speaker  02:10
How does incident reminders work?

Matthias Miller  02:16
They are the coolest thing since individually wrapped cheese slices.

Speaker 1  02:30
Man, where am I going? New incidents, all incidents? Incident? How do I tell me how this thing works? How do I does it? Does it hit the notification bar? What does it do?

Matthias Miller  02:43
Know it creates new incidents automatically. So the way I have it set up is for most of my recurring meetings, I create a parent job. Okay. So like weekly meeting with Dwayne, and then I'm not using it for you to be honest, we're not that organized. But like some of the other calls, you know, weekly meeting with fill in the blank that creates a child incident for the date and then I can put agenda items on there. As they show up making keep notes in there and action items and follow up so it puts all my call notes in a centralized place.

Speaker 1  03:19
I'm telling you, we need to we need to go off and write an instant message platform into assist. I could still use it right now tied into the holler portal. It'd be really cool. But whatever. That's not I told you I'm scatterbrained today. So that's not follow that rabbit. Yep. Let me

Matthias Miller  03:47
I'm making a note. I'm going through your all your stuff. Okay, well, let's

Speaker 1  03:53
let me since since I keep getting asked about this, too, I saw that email is doing something. Walk me through how to set other people up or how this thing works or what I should know what are the pitfalls, what breaks? What What might I break, if I start doing something or other? That's a funny face.

Matthias Miller  04:14
I don't know what you mean. It's a lot of hand wavy going on. Oh, yeah.

Speaker 1  04:21
So I saw a posting settings. You have an email sign in there that links out to report that a sign obviously links email responses out to the appropriate person.

Unknown Speaker  04:33
Yeah. So if

Speaker 1  04:37
so let's take Okay, Floyd at truepoint backyards.com. How do I say that or or?

Matthias Miller  04:45
Okay, first of all, I'm going to make a very emotional impact statement. Okay, so you're on the Google business account.

Unknown Speaker  04:54
We haven't we haven't got those up yet.

Matthias Miller  04:56
Can we please do that first before we then go to Michael to agree to it.

Speaker 1  05:03
I mean, literally, I asked, I talked to Michael about it. He said, we're going to talk about it. And I explained it to him. And then he's like, I will talk about it next week. And so I'm kind of stuck.

Matthias Miller  05:18
So, okay, well wait for me, like, oh, like, Oh my God, my goal,

Speaker 1  05:23
I would be thrilled to death, if we could get that thing. Get the MX records moved and go ahead and launch a Google business account. I have a suspicion that's gonna make your life easier to

Matthias Miller  05:38
just seems like, like, why do you want to manage these emails? And I? Okay. You and he have been talking about switching emails to Google business accounts. There are two things this will help us do. Help us do. It should improve email deliverability. From our sales people. I think there's a chance we've had issues because we're using the free service under

Speaker 1  06:15
Yeah, but they're not. But are you so

Matthias Miller  06:20
you don't think that's gonna? You know, you disagree?

Speaker 1  06:22
Well, I don't know. So you say deliverability? Like so everything. Okay. Rewind the way that currently emails get into any dealers. I don't know how you have Morrison Tory Senate. But like brick and mortar dealers, they have a personal Gmail account. All of the the truepoint backyard stuff is forwarded out of those into that Gmail account. Let me see. Then the outbound stuff that the outbound records are tied in so it outbound. So you can outbound email underneath that. So I really like yes, it makes total sense to get this whole thing underneath one, whatever it takes to convince Mike of this to move this along. Because I really want to point backyards to be a Google workspace account, because it would just make life easier. Logging into assists with the truepoint backyards email, I mean, hello.

Matthias Miller  07:12
was just a management headache. That's really what it let me let me check one of the thing here mail.google.com. Let's go to let's not let me go to my free one

Matthias Miller  07:33
are you do you have drama?

Matthias Miller  07:49
boarding an IMAP. I mean, okay, the bottom line is really comes down to it is a royal pain in the posterior to manage these. That's the big issue and we've got no control over them.

Speaker 1  08:11
You're talking about the emails? Yeah. Agree. A greed. Okay, how does that how does that play into? I saw that you have email truepoint back yards tied in as the main account that stuff comes back into? How does this work for say, Floyd at your point backyards, or any entry point back yards or?

Matthias Miller  08:37
Here, here's what I would like to do. This is somebody something that one of my business mentors has done, where they have a secret vault at truepoint backyards.com. And everybody at the company has a well, but you don't want to put those credentials in the shared system. Nevermind. Okay, forget I say anything, but finish the sentence. But we're everybody, all emails in the organization gets get shipped to a shared, get forwarded to a to a shared and I think separate, like at protonmail or something. And that way, if somebody is going rogue or is just on vacation, you can easily log in, get their email and figure out what was going on. But the biggest thing really is from a management perspective, and we're gonna either set these up twice. I need to know whether or not they're doing it. And I don't think there's any point setting this up twice, and it's going to be a big hassle to get set up. I think basically which there's one of two ways we could do this. One is probably, how do we want to do this? Okay, so there's two ways we can configure this. One is have everybody's access to everybody's email set up or you can set them all to forward into the, into a shared account. And we monitor that shared account and push those into assists based on our the messaging a customer.

Matthias Miller  10:18
Makes sense?

Speaker 1  10:19
Well, I mean, I don't know, explain how this whole thing works. Maybe that will go like, well, so as it stands at the very moment that you're currently operating, how whatever is happening, explain it. So

Matthias Miller  10:30
email, email, actually point backyards goes to something at insight mailbox.com, which is a Google account that I managed, by the way, because I said, I want to be able to manage these lists. And it goes out to me, Gabe, at this point, Tory, I, sorry, me, Mike and Tori. And it goes out to this other CRM at insight mailbox.com email address. And so the CRM is a mailbox has this little, you know, you have to do a special setup, so that we can use IMAP on it. And so then the IMAP connects to this thing running over in Josh's land, and it looks at it, it says, oh, go push this information,

Speaker 1  11:13
thank you need to backup further so that you have more hand wavy space to more hand wavy?

Matthias Miller  11:19
So it's pushing out, it's pushing to assist? And it says, Okay, for this email account, what x 30? Should I run? It goes, runs an import, and the import says, Okay, here's an important should we import it? Yes or not? Is this a customer? correspondence? Yes, or no? And, and basically, do we have a customer contact? And, and is it and please exclude any internal domain names like email by fax Berman dot biz? Code house.com, just so we don't accidentally sweep those emails in, and it creates an email record, and then immediately turns around and creates a communication record. Okay, boom, simple. So basically, what we need to do is we need to go,

Unknown Speaker  12:03
so So currently, this works for, like, who does? Who is this operational for?

Matthias Miller  12:10
Currently? Anybody replying to the auto responder. And it would be going out to Indiana, North Carolina, dealers? Nobody?

Speaker 1  12:21
Currently you don't? So yeah, not necessarily say, Okay. Let me propose a hypothetical. So I'm, I'm a dealer, I get a lead. So I email that customer. Yep. And if that customer emails me back, you don't currently have a pipeline to get that back into that communication? Nope. What would it take to do that?

Matthias Miller  12:50
By adding everybody's accounts and making sure the import works as expected.

Speaker 1  12:55
So on the app postings out zone settings, if we listen in everybody's email in there, and hypothetically, we're playing in hypotheticals here at the moment. So Dwayne at truepoint, backyards.com, I go list in the credentials, and I send out an email. And when that email comes back the pipeline assist looks at as looking at my inbox and goes, Oh, I recognize that customer name. So it was Jim's decision does something.

Unknown Speaker  13:29
Now, or

Speaker 1  13:32
so I'm assuming this is not as easy as go apply a bunch of credentials into that app posting? Well,

Matthias Miller  13:38
there's one little gotcha, I think, which is how do we avoid populating a bunch of emails? versus, you know, sending populate to communication records?

Unknown Speaker  13:48
So that communication records around

Matthias Miller  13:51
No, well, no, we have we have people, every time you send or get an email you get, every time you send an email to dealer, we get another email back. Every time they send an email they would get every time they receive an email that we get an email in,

Speaker 1  14:04
riddle me this. Could we on the communication record? Or okay? I don't. Here's an idea, a button on there that when you click it, it assigns the email address of the customer and some type of generated code, if you will, that anytime. If the customer replies to that email, it comes we recognize that generated code everything else we just exclude.

Matthias Miller  14:34
Yeah, we could, although why do we need that?

Unknown Speaker  14:37
Well, so we don't populate a whole bunch of communication records.

Matthias Miller  14:41
No, I mean, it's more like we'll accidentally I'm gonna check something.

Speaker 1  14:47
But I mean, okay, did your inbound emails coming back in? You're already looking at for an email address matching the system, right?

Matthias Miller  14:56
Yes, but we send email notifications when these come in. Currently, and we need to turn those off for these specific types of

Speaker 1  15:03
Gotcha. You're saying email notifications to whom? To the dealer Oh, so you're saying an email notification of Okay, so like Okay, gotcha

Matthias Miller  15:21
we see but

Speaker 1  15:25
yeah, because you would you would find it in your inbox but then when you go and open your CRM and that contact record that you would also see the return email coming but it would automatically assign itself to a communication record No,

Matthias Miller  15:36
gotcha. Give me a second password trying to remember if we have anything

Unknown Speaker  15:56
downloads How do you know what opportunity to assign it to

Matthias Miller  16:01
a sent email address

Speaker 1  16:03
Yeah, but you would have an issue reason

Unknown Speaker  16:07
okay

Matthias Miller  16:24
temporary is as you Okay, so it's an XML that's why Oh, no, it's not

Unknown Speaker  16:41
Josh This is can you please

Matthias Miller  16:53
give me an email an XML emails IMAP folder to two headers addresses address

Matthias Miller  17:18
but there's probably a better way

Matthias Miller  17:31
access to that reply to address text body

Matthias Miller  17:39
I'm trying to see here

Matthias Miller  17:49
guess what we could do is see if the email is sent to the salesperson and if so not set, if it's to or from the salesperson now the salesperson has multiple email addresses and I don't know if those are fielded in assist or not. I think not because that creates other issues

Speaker 1  18:21
this is where it would get really really simple once we convert to Google workspace because they're truepoint backyards email would also be their login email which would be their their email across the board. Okay, shall we can we can we make can we stick a pin in this one and and once once we get sign off on Google workspace This makes life a whole lot easier.

Matthias Miller  18:45
Yeah, I mean I'm very eager to do it. I think it's a great thing to do but I would Yes. All right.

Speaker 1  18:53
Let's go let's go to the next thing that I haven't listed. We now have the image RG on the building record should we tie that into and start pushing dealers to upload images

Matthias Miller  19:07
I'll have a problem with that is there something you need from me

Unknown Speaker  19:10
well yeah, I don't know how I don't know how you were planning to tie it in to the start a lot building report

Matthias Miller  19:22
I mean I thought the lot building other we're gonna get a new lot building a lot building report that we don't know where we did we I mean, I don't know when it got wrapped up.

Speaker 1  19:40
We're the only thing oh the RG show up on the on the building record. I haven't dug anything further on it.

Unknown Speaker  19:53
Hey, homies see what next

Speaker 1  20:03
Neck CSP standard dealer portal lot buildings. What is this? This is

Matthias Miller  20:14
there's a standard lot building buildings report that's probably not maybe not on the menu. Let's see if it's the I don't think this photo. No, it's we're needing an update before we. Okay. He did that on the 20th, the day after the update.

Speaker 1  20:28
So he's creating a standard lot building report. Yeah. All right. So that's okay.

Matthias Miller  20:35
All right. Ah.

Speaker 1  20:45
Where is my list? Okay, dealing

Matthias Miller  20:49
with email and SMS. Was that the question you had? Or was? Did you have a separate question for that?

Speaker 1  20:53
No, that Well, I mean, what I'm assuming you're doing something with an SMS platform, that's probably tying back around in some of the some well,

Matthias Miller  21:03
so Murrison, three are running into call issues with sales message, which sales message is a great API, but they're having call quality issues. And so you I'm a little hesitant to switch the dealers over until we get that fixed up. Unless we just unless we go through the process of turning SMS on and three CX Gotcha. Figure out if there's an API for that.

Speaker 1  21:29
So you're still working on this sounds like? Yeah, kinda sort of. It's like backburner

Matthias Miller  21:33
stuff, but I want it in the back of my head, but are in the Yeah, it's in the back of my mind. But, dude, there's so much stuff.

Speaker 1  21:42
I'm totally, I'm sitting here twiddling my thumbs.

Matthias Miller  21:47
All right, what else? Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  21:49
Talk to me about duplicate contacts report, this thing gets sent out to dealers and the duplicate contacts report. I think it's the standard one, we need to rework it because it's not like, I think it's, it's based on on zip code, which I don't 100% Okay. Okay. I need to go refresh somebody who's

Matthias Miller  22:12
Do you have somebody who's having trouble? I love me some specifics.

Speaker 1  22:19
Hold on a second. Hold on a second, duplicate contacts report the standard report right now, when it runs. Let's see here. Okay, so why not be as silly thing

Matthias Miller  22:34
as possible duplicates possible? Yeah.

Speaker 1  22:38
It's it's matching on zip codes, which is we really should be matching on either on emails or phone numbers or something as

Matthias Miller  22:50
the reason is, we don't have full addresses. And so we should exclude addresses that.

Unknown Speaker  22:56
Why wouldn't we match on phone numbers or emails?

Unknown Speaker  22:59
Well, we do I mean.

Matthias Miller  23:06
We do. But if you have an identical address, you can match on that as well.

Unknown Speaker  23:12
You're, okay.

Matthias Miller  23:14
Well, we import we import zip code. And but, but we should only match an address if we have a, let's say a first line address and a zip code or something like that. Or if you want to completely next address and address matching, we can do that.

Speaker 1  23:36
But I mean, if we're importing contacts of type where we don't have a full address, all we get is a zip code. What are we spotting for?

Matthias Miller  23:46
Once you pull if you ever pull address information off quotes, I suppose

Speaker 1  23:52
well, then it would start to make sense. Yeah. Yeah. So currently, I think what dealers get this as an email for for possible duplicates.

Matthias Miller  24:02
Yeah, and so I've note I want to have a cc I'm adding a cc setting to the district level for these types of emails. So that I can see what emails are going through and I would have fixed this a long time ago over noon it was this horrible

Speaker 1  24:22
so it for Okay, here's my opinion. If if the duplicate contacts thing is not gonna have a lot of value at this point, let's just can we just like kill it, not send it out.

Matthias Miller  24:35
Right, because we're already matching on on the type form side. Sure,

Speaker 1  24:41
yeah. Cuz I mean, I mean, right now you're you're importing and if you get a match on the type form side, you're assigning that as a secondary opportunity anyway, so I don't know that the duplicate context is a whole lot of help until we start until we do the other thing I talked about where we start building contacts and opportunities off of based off of a quote that a dealer goes off and creates then we then we can start actually importing real addressing information but at this point I don't know that it's valuable you know

Matthias Miller  25:22
All right, that's turned off and I put a note in there way we did it

Speaker 1  25:31
Okay, Barbara brown brown butter phenom Pom Pom Pom, inventory, turn reports. Turn, turn, turn. I want to build them for retail lots. We built this thing back for SDI. Now we're going to get into all kinds of fun about what's considered a turn and what numbers we're going to use and I don't know this is going to be but I think I think we need to build inventory turn reports for brick and mortar lots because it's, it needs to become a conversation. I see. I see dealer I see district managers stocking vast amounts of inventory on dealer lots right now. And I'm this is Dwayne has a little nagging feeling in the back of his mind that you care really deeply about inventory turn reports on SDI, but you're not talking about inventory turn reports on your own retail lot so let's let's go build something and have a valuable conversation about it.

Matthias Miller  26:33
While I'm loading some good valuable conversations where's your current turn report?

Speaker 1  26:39
The SDI one is under my personal folder

Speaker 1  26:49
why I never moved at somewhere valuable we don't know but it's that's where it is right now. Dwayne. And it is the

Matthias Miller  26:59
inventory turnover campus or building records

Speaker 1  27:02
so much junk in here? Oh my goodness. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  27:06
I hate my personal folder personally. Inventory

Speaker 1  27:12
by weeks I think building records by weeks I think is it district of NC sec. Yeah, that's the one you should share your screen just make sure I'm I'm looking at the same thing you are Yeah, and there's no reason that we couldn't build this thing based on the same thing manufacturer price against manufacturer price Oh FYI hit the drop down and there's two methods in here. I don't know if you did this or no I think you did this I think you helped me add the secondary method

Speaker 1  28:23
The only difference is on this report we're doing it by district so it's all of all buildings by building builder district and and really I want to do this based on dealership themselves so like I want to be able to look up truepoint backyards of Mocksville and I want to do an inventory turn rate on that you know based out of a year or yet a 12 year cycle

Matthias Miller  28:49
we can do it here it's going to be a ridiculously slow report

Speaker 1  28:55
and any any slower than this one yeah

Unknown Speaker  29:11
okay so

Matthias Miller  29:26
see which ones oh well maybe not actually

Speaker 1  29:37
Oh, there's already a interesting he's already got index findings for both SDN for just Yeah, sure enough. Figure.

Matthias Miller  29:50
Does this it? Well, look, STI payments isn't right

Unknown Speaker  30:50
All right so he's not happy

Matthias Miller  31:01
what's the builder

Matthias Miller  31:07
we're gonna kill district right now

Unknown Speaker  31:30
and

Matthias Miller  31:42
okay well that's the wide or this is company wide

Speaker 2  32:18
manufacture price why is this

Matthias Miller  32:29
Why is inventory blank

Unknown Speaker  32:33
Let me see that let me see the

Matthias Miller  32:35
built in nevermind hang on five

Unknown Speaker  32:55
so this is current company wide

Matthias Miller  32:58
current company wide so what we need to do then is do a repeat for list that is a

Unknown Speaker  33:17
Do we have a

Speaker 1  33:25
you know an entire an entire district on retail side would be valuable so being able to do this both as an entire district but then also drill down to individual dealer lots would be the right way to go on

Matthias Miller  33:38
this Oh Can we just not group but you can just drill in I don't know what you mean

Unknown Speaker  33:58
just a districts not district names.

Unknown Speaker  34:40
What you're hating on me for

Matthias Miller  34:53
list is not a field ask district

Unknown Speaker  35:01
Well help you any

Matthias Miller  35:09
oh well this is probably okay so then in here inventory is actual new macro

Speaker 1  35:57
building builder building builder district

Matthias Miller  36:19
okay so then we need to do this here

Unknown Speaker  36:28
and then

Matthias Miller  36:37
all right do you want to pick on first

Speaker 1  36:45
ah oh okay fine. Let's go look at let's look at Ohio and do Heath Newhouse Heath

Unknown Speaker  37:05
sidenote I should certainly is there not a

Matthias Miller  37:33
well when I told you the slow that can't be right

Speaker 1  37:54
I'm sure we would be very happy with 11.79 turned right but

Matthias Miller  38:00
pulling in payments for some reason

Speaker 1  38:06
Oh Oh kay well well okay. Payments is considered buildings that fell off finished goods inventory their manufacture price right?

Matthias Miller  38:22
Currently Yes. So is district X based on the date that they fell off okay, I'm gonna build it here let's do this now let's let's let's fix the group by the group is wrong I mean I don't know that it has to be I mean let's we don't need the group by

Matthias Miller  38:46
this point because we're doing the whole thing together it's not like we're drinking oh and do we have we don't even have a grouping

Unknown Speaker  39:16
wow

Unknown Speaker  39:22
it got even better

Unknown Speaker  39:31
what are we missing?

Matthias Miller  39:57
Is their inventory number low? Where's the payments? Hi

Unknown Speaker  40:01
okay what are we calling inventory?

Matthias Miller  40:04
Oh wait is anything good?

Speaker 1  40:08
How are you how are you assigning are you currently doing by a dealership or by the district? If so, how are you defining it has on the as a dealer lot dealer building building dealer because building again let me see the building dealer macro

Unknown Speaker  40:28
view that's not building so

Speaker 1  40:31
yeah so we need to we need to go for building target dealer or now well that yeah it's okay this is gonna be really really maybe let's try building target dealer is a little bit dangerous

Matthias Miller  40:51
but let's find out I don't know the difference so you know

Unknown Speaker  41:04
yeah but then the completed ones are going to be

Matthias Miller  41:08
to replace na of target dealer with the dealer sure I mean I don't know what I'm doing I'm just making stuff up

Unknown Speaker  41:23
other way around well I don't know which way around that supposed to be. Oh, we place building dealing with building target dealer

Matthias Miller  41:32
right because you want to if you have a dealer you want to use that one otherwise Yes

Unknown Speaker  41:54
well I mean a nice hello again

Matthias Miller  42:15
better No Well, no

Speaker 1  42:22
okay, let me see. Let me see the payment side the inventory looks more right so the inventory number looks kind of right let me see the payment side

Matthias Miller  42:34
you will see how it's calculated

Speaker 1  42:36
Yeah. Okay. So

Matthias Miller  42:39
up to so we add the manufacturer price based on all this

Matthias Miller  42:54
I mean, it's just simply that

Speaker 1  42:57
Yeah, but that dealership didn't sell 3.7 and a 12 Your 12 month period

Matthias Miller  43:17
wait something's funky something buggies

Matthias Miller  43:25
something real funky is going on with this sorting is horrible

Matthias Miller  43:43
seeing 156 rows that's Oh

Unknown Speaker  43:49
you got no

Unknown Speaker  44:07
how's it getting

Matthias Miller  44:25
divided by three is that about right

Speaker 1  44:28
hold on hold on a second. So the payment side we're timesing

Matthias Miller  44:32
it oh look better?

Speaker 1  44:39
Well yeah 2.65 looks way better I would that would be more what I was what I was thinking but the payment side why are we why are we replacing a building on for for locating payments. We shouldn't be referencing target dealer. But then again, I don't

Matthias Miller  44:59
always just being lazy but we could

Speaker 1  45:05
so building is district gets in if isn't a okay a building build district equals yep as district replace it should be building dealer they're not building target dealer on the payment side on the inventory side we should be referencing building building target dealer

Matthias Miller  45:30
I mean practically doesn't matter well

Speaker 1  45:35
okay know what if it has but we would okay in theory we should never have to reference building target dealer on the payment side for something that was delivered and sold sure

Speaker 1  45:52
because at that point everything being sold should be a bill should have a building dealer

Matthias Miller  46:23
maybe we can do it like this and don't match or target dealer equals this and then here we do false and then here we do true well except know if

Matthias Miller  46:54
why don't we just do this if the building is in a building final well how do you add to determine if it was sold building final

Speaker 1  47:10
delivery date. So if it's only valid delivery date drops it off of finished goods inventory

Unknown Speaker  47:23
can we just do that?

Unknown Speaker  47:24
okay even if it's enabling this isn't the inventory side or the this on the inventory side right

Matthias Miller  47:36
either side and you're never gonna have

Matthias Miller  47:45
I mean on the inventory side it's always going to be have a final delivery date it's never going to have a final delivery date I mean

Speaker 1  47:57
correct. Now okay, the only the only the only downside to matching on for the inventory side on the building target delivery date is if that building ever got moved around the building target delivery date never gets changed the look RG the top line logo R G for inventory side is going to be the one that actually tells you exactly where that building is inventoried. The target dealer thing was set it gets set at the point of creating a lot building but lot buildings get moved around. Builder load dealer building load dealer. Let me see let me see that Mac let me see the breakdown of that mech building looks the building look dealer what does that reference to

Matthias Miller  48:45
the locations energy

Matthias Miller  48:57
do we need to look at yeah

Speaker 1  48:58
yes yes 100% You're exactly right yeah on the inventory shot you're right building love dealers should equals BS yes that would give us a inaccurate a accurate inventory match.

Matthias Miller  49:09
And then on the payment side we have

Unknown Speaker  49:11
building dealers should be fine on the payment side

Matthias Miller  49:18
I mean here Wait, the look delivery don't we want

Matthias Miller  49:34
Don't we want this and not?

Matthias Miller  49:44
Well, the final delivery date is going to exclude it implicitly. I guess that's fine. Got it. Fine. Okay, so theoretically this should be

Unknown Speaker  49:55
we should be getting close.

Speaker 1  50:03
2.76 This is looking right so if it's a blank payment that means nothing was technically delivered that week for that dealership correct

Matthias Miller  50:17
yes

Unknown Speaker  50:19
can you replace that can you replace the NA with zero

Matthias Miller  50:28
is this on the payments

Unknown Speaker  50:30
yeah be on the payments yeah and it is zero yep yeah

Unknown Speaker  50:41
oh side note

Matthias Miller  51:06
okay, I get a drop off for another call here

Speaker 1  51:22
so this thing theoretically should work for district as a whole and by dealer.

Matthias Miller  51:29
Yeah, theoretically.

Unknown Speaker  51:31
All right we'll save that thing. I'm gonna play with this

Unknown Speaker  51:35
it's saved

Unknown Speaker  51:40
I mean we save as right

Matthias Miller  51:44
Oh, did you want it to be so sorry? Yes it is

Matthias Miller  51:53
oh, okay, so there's in Ohio is two point 15. Indiana is to North Carolina is.

Matthias Miller  52:18
Okay,

Speaker 1  52:20
well, that's interesting, though. I'm gonna go evaluate numbers and why why? Why do we have just lower inventory? This is district wide. We've got more than a million in finished goods inventory for district X, I would think whatever for you got to drop. I'm gonna go okay. I could compare numbers

Matthias Miller  52:41
for next time, auto creation of contact and opportunity based on quarter sale that does not match. Auto creation of contact and opportunity based on quarter sale. That doesn't match.

Speaker 1  52:54
Yeah, that'd be really really stinking cool. So basically, you can go create a quote, you can create a fast quote and by the next I would imagine you're probably going to do a scheduled task overnight or something to but then next morning, you come in you got a quote, an opportunity or an opportunity in contact for it. That would be

Matthias Miller  53:16
cool. Awesome. Good day


Transcribed by https://otter.ai