Unknown Speaker  01:24
Good morning. Hey, good morning, Kevin,

Unknown Speaker  01:27
how are you? Good?

Unknown Speaker  01:30
Good little tired. We're here.

Speaker 1  01:36
Seems to be a common theme I hear amongst people, including myself.

Speaker 2  01:42
Once I was looking at my whoop band stats, and it said, Congratulations, you lowered your average sleep debt.

Unknown Speaker  01:49
Oh, good. What happened? You took it from an hour 15 average sleep debt down to only an hour like, Okay, we still have some weight to do. So we drove to Nebraska this weekend, and my wife got

Unknown Speaker  02:12
tired of my random jokes. They came up with this one happened this morning came, came to me this morning. So I guess it must just be overflow from it or something. But do you know why fundamentalists don't are so dogmatic? No, because they can't talk liberally about things. I

Unknown Speaker  02:44
That's a good one. Well done,

Unknown Speaker  02:53
liberally. That's fair. The

Speaker 2  03:01
unexpected benefit of actually being kind of true, right,

Unknown Speaker  03:04
right? Oh, man, how long a drive is that? The

Speaker 2  03:10
eight or nine hours? Oh, wow,

Unknown Speaker  03:14
the long drive. Yeah, in the car.

Speaker 2  03:17
Yep, kids in the car. Most of the kids did great, except

Unknown Speaker  03:23
one of the kids who,

Speaker 2  03:27
oh, we just anyway, very interesting childhood parent. We just didn't really want to get our stuff done towards them that we needed to get done before we left, because we just didn't really have any reason to, and we didn't really have time to pack anything to do on the ride. And so just feels like I never have time, and I could never do my stuff fast enough and well enough. Well, okay, let's break this down. Like, have you had situations in the past where you've been able to do these? Yeah, what were some when was that like before school, when I needed to get him done to go to school. Oh, interesting. Anyway,

Unknown Speaker  04:07
there was a motivator. There's a motivator here. He didn't put two and two together, man. And then our youngest daughter was it did as best as can be expected, but she wasn't feeling the best and didn't really, does not enjoy holding still and being in a car seat. So, right, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  04:34
for for extended periods

Speaker 2  04:36
of time, for extended periods of time, exactly, exactly. I

Speaker 1  04:41
mean, I, I kind of, you know, understand what she feels like when you get me on a plane,

Speaker 2  04:48
yeah, yes, you see this guy going, you know, walking to the opposite end of the plane for the restroom. Few times that during the. Light or

Speaker 1  05:00
something. Yep, that's me. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  05:04
that's great,

Speaker 1  05:06
man. Yeah, so I know we've only got about half an hour this morning, so you want to focus on the wording. Yeah, I

Speaker 2  05:25
so if we want to do this virtually for an hour at a time, I do have folks who've been following me on Facebook who would do that they're not not CEO types, if we're looking specifically for those types of those types, but

Speaker 2  05:54
probably half a dozen to a dozen who, who would be interested in something like I think would probably be interested in something like that. Basically, some of the things they responded to, wow.

Unknown Speaker  06:19
What do you think I

Unknown Speaker  06:25
Well,

Unknown Speaker  06:32
part of me is like, why not? I mean, what's the harm and setting something up and seeing who shows and who's willing to join. Yeah,

Speaker 1  06:50
I like it, at least in the beginning stage. It's almost like a beta test.

Speaker 2  06:59
The other thing not to jump ahead too fast. But there's a church here locally that has started a Sunday morning. They call it church in the round. And so Saturday night they had their traditional theater service. And um, fair and and then Sunday morning, they break into round tables to discuss scripture and talk and

Unknown Speaker  07:32
connect. Um, mostly mentioning that as a this is a really interesting. This is really interesting. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  07:52
I think with the

Speaker 2  08:01
and then, Okay, and then, with the executive approach, I

Speaker 2  08:26
What does it look like to make this even more organic in terms of outreach, if we specifically will Want to, or am I jumping ahead too fast?

Speaker 1  08:45
No, I think it's, I think it's important to start thinking about it. Of course, that really has to be the word that we focus on, organic. Yeah, because everything else in this space seems to be so forced, you're trying to do something vastly different here.

Speaker 2  09:20
So one idea would be, I reached out to the seatwell chair locally here, strictly on on the whim. I feel like I'm supposed to, and I feel like horribly irresponsible use of a busy person's time not to have a better agenda for why we need to connect. But at some point,

Speaker 2  09:55
I mean, there's still plenty. There's still a few days for that to become more clear. I. Um, but at some point you have to just go ahead and wow,

Unknown Speaker  10:14
if you want to have a co creative experience. I

Speaker 2  10:23
then you're just reaching out to people who you think might be open to that,

Speaker 2  10:35
and you can't have I mean, the agenda that you have is just to be open to if or what may merge, and maybe some general direction and parameters, right? But it's very different than conventional prospecting, where you're saying I'm looking for this particular person with this particular problem in this particular stage of solving it, right?

Unknown Speaker  11:05
Yeah, you know, it's interesting. I saw this documentary maybe last week, the week before. I don't know if you've heard about it, but it's called, am I racist?

Speaker 1  11:22
Yes, Matt Walsh's newest documentary thing, and as I sat there and watched it, this, the thing that struck me over and over again is how many workshops he found himself in. It's almost as if that's the way our current world operates, these coercive workshops, come here, and I will teach you this, come here, and you'll get this certification, come here, and there'll be Some sort of power given to you. And what really strikes me, especially within the last month, I had a client sitting across from me, and he made a statement like, Wow, you're really good at this. And it just landed wrong for me. And I was like, no, no, we're good at this. I could do nothing apart from your part. You have your part. I have my part. Holy Spirit has his part. There's a divine we involved. There always has to be, cuz if it's just you, then that's you, it's just me, then I'm a god, lowercase g, or you're a god, yeah, yeah. But together, there's a divine we that's happening, and that's the union, that's the that's the oneness, that's the abiding. You

Speaker 2  13:04
okay, somewhat jokingly, but also serious. One of some of my friends said they're, they have this little marriage thing that they do, we need to go. We need to go pick up milk from the grocery store. Does this A, A, me, we, A, you, we or we, we, right?

Unknown Speaker  13:21
What do you

Speaker 2  13:23
actually mean? What do you actually mean? But to your point, what is what? What is the we? I think it's really comforting for myself, actually, because, okay, this is there's so much stuff here, but I have never, I've been trying in my life. I'm not sure that I have ever had a vision for myself. Well, okay, besides random things as a kid, like I'm going to be a firefighter and a speaker and an author, and I don't know whatever, anything that's worked for me has always been a collaborative approach. I've never had success any other way, and even even the fact that I work best conversationally, right?

Speaker 1  14:18
Well, it's like this space that we're in and have been for bit of time. There was no agenda here. There was just guidelines. This is the idea we're thinking of. Now let's explore what it looks like, yeah, and it's become very fruitful, the exploration

Speaker 2  14:39
well, and it's been an exercise in self disclosure and and articulation of ideas, such as a few weeks ago, when I said, what about this? And you're like, well, that's kind of what I had in mind all along, right?

Speaker 1  14:54
This is what I've been thinking about. And did that come from us? Or was that something that God had laid on our hearts a long time ago, whoever knows how, long ago? And we have tried to communicate it, but it hasn't necessarily worked out, and now we're just, this is what I've been thinking about in this space. Oh, wow, that's what I've been thinking about. Then you're

Unknown Speaker  15:19
up and running. So it feels to me like nobody has nobody likes people like, I mean, the world is extremely uncomfortable without labels.

Unknown Speaker  15:51
The most organic way I can think about is I

Unknown Speaker  16:08
like, anytime you put a label on it, people try to become something

Speaker 1  16:13
right and perform live up to it. Yeah, no.

Unknown Speaker  16:20
And it's really just, couldn't this be as simple as starting with i

Unknown Speaker  16:45
i think about how Jesus got his disciples. He was walking along. He didn't have a marketing campaign.

Speaker 2  16:53
He was walking along, and for some reason, there's these fishermen. And he says, Hey, why don't you give it all up and come over here? And I'm I'm sure,

Unknown Speaker  17:10
or a tax collector, or a tax collector, hey, we're gonna have dinner at your house tonight. Let's go. Let's go.

Speaker 2  17:19
And leaving a role as a tax collector is really good, sound career advice, right?

Unknown Speaker  17:26
And I'm sure he's, he had people turn him down. I mean, we have the rich young ruler is as

Speaker 2  17:32
right? The example, yeah, but he didn't focus on building critical mass. I he just who is the one who is or are so so we have our, we have our

Speaker 2  18:01
you have the Emerging Leaders Group, but then you also have the people of of who've been in some form of leadership. Emerging Leaders is very easy for me to just do direct outreach and say, Hey, friend of mine, we're doing this thing next month. I think you'd enjoy it. You want to join us. Does it work? And and if we make it like a monthly I don't know. Maybe it's a monthly thing, a monthly one hour and however long it we wanted to go over, I don't know. We have to figure that out, maybe, but,

Unknown Speaker  18:38
but with the leaders, with the CEOs, as an example, I've got a wide open door with the C 12 chair in North, northern Dallas.

Speaker 2  18:53
He's very relational, very interested in hearing, hearing from God. And I think he would fit. We could have a conversation with him, three of us, if we wanted to, and say, This is what we're exploring. And we could add one person, and then the question is, who's who next? I'm sure Randy would know some people. Um,

Unknown Speaker  19:25
um, can we just do that too as a monthly a monthly zoom? Um, if it's supposed to be monthly, we can talk about the

Speaker 2  19:37
frequency. Yeah, maybe it needs to be more often. Maybe this becomes a mini church,

Unknown Speaker  19:51
a gathering of the curious,

Unknown Speaker  19:53
gathering of the curious seekers. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  20:20
With my group of friends. I think another question is, how do I

Speaker 2  20:29
this case? I'm the gas. I'm just like, well, let's go bring everybody in. Is there anybody that you know? Then there's the question, Are these people truly curious? Is that actually what they're okay? It,

Speaker 1  20:50
yeah, I think, I think the conversation itself will either excite people or repel them. Yeah,

Speaker 1  21:07
because curiosity is going to be the calling card. Are you curious about, let's have a conversation about, let's have a conversation in a group. So unlike, because I've seen like, church in the round on multiple occasions. You know, programs like alpha or things like that were supposed to be, you know, you're this, you can ask whatever questions, and you have a facilitator that has all the answers. And like no nobody sitting at this table has the answers, we'll find them together, because we'll just be curious

Unknown Speaker  21:45
see what happens

Speaker 1  21:52
that's dangerous, maybe, but maybe dangerous isn't a bad thing.

Speaker 2  21:59
Dangerous too. I mean, there's room for curiosity with that dangerous to what, to whom and why, why? Yeah, the curiosity is dangerous to bureaucracy, yes, and to spiritual powers that be, generally, power in general. That's kind of a quotable, that curiosity is the enemy that topples thrones. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  22:43
curiosity starts revolutions.

Speaker 2  22:46
Well, I mean, I mentioned this before, but you know, no matter where you land on the

Speaker 2  22:57
Roy's report, people ends up being controversial, but the curiosity of, wait, what is really going on over here

Unknown Speaker  23:06
is this? Are they actually doing what they say? Are they not?

Speaker 2  23:13
There's natural curiosity. Should be a natural curiosity in journalism. Um,

Speaker 1  23:36
is that okay? Have natural curiosity. That's the first thing to conquer. You can raise in a system where Curiosity is the enemy, somebody comes around telling you or inviting you to be curious, red flags, right?

Speaker 1  24:05
Is What Happens a lot of times in that is the person who's inviting you to be curious has an agenda they're leading you towards, right? That's how cults start. You just start parenting. What the person who is inviting you to be curious is saying, no, no, you have a voice. What do you think

Speaker 2  24:35
I read the story of, oh, no, I can't remember her name. To drop off. I digital orders, the daughter of the singing fame of a singing large singing family,

Speaker 2  24:57
speaking of cults, i. This is something to unpack, maybe dig into this afternoon. I'm fascinated with my fascination with high high control groups and goals.

Speaker 2  25:15
Unspeakable by Jessica Willis Fisher, I um,

Speaker 2  25:32
it's like the picture, I mean, the picture of what you're describing is like, you know, I mean, it's the the classic story, and all the kid trainings of the predator, enticing somebody away with a piece of candy, or somebody Holding a steak in front of a dog or um,

Speaker 1  26:24
powerful stuff. So you think about it more than we want to admit, most human beings operate in a cult like way on a daily basis. They're looking for somebody to give them the answers,

Speaker 2  26:49
but they think the opposite. This is where I've been, gotten stuck. Have been stuck the last few months, but the opposite is just blaming the answer on your own.

Unknown Speaker  27:02
But there's a third way, which is discovering the answer in union with God, with other people, right? Without losing my own voice, yeah, which means that it has to be done with people who will listen right, who have not said themselves as gods, right?

Speaker 1  27:32
And there's, there's a really interesting part that I don't think many people consider, is some people are bound and determined to make somebody a God, right, even if that person does not want to be a god, and if that person refuses to be a god, oh, the violence that will come at them from the group that wants them to be a God.

Speaker 2  28:01
You see that with the Israelites. We see that with people with Jesus followers who wanted political revolution, right?

Speaker 1  28:13
Those people believe that's why Judas gave Jesus up, because he was a bit of a zealot, and he thought he was coming to bring revolution, and he was sorely disappointed when Jesus wanted nothing to do with it,

Unknown Speaker  28:28
almost as a form of form of retribution against Jesus for not

Unknown Speaker  28:34
like I want him to perform.

Speaker 2  28:37
But this is also true in in relationships and emotional like in rescuing. Will you rescue me? How many times I've got a friend of mine who's had is very public or is very visible in the community here, and has done some amazing things, but just attracts bozos sometimes, and but you see that where it's like, can you it's almost like, can you save me? Yep. And then, when not, there's like this slanderous whiplash backlash, oh,

Speaker 1  29:09
tear them apart and we'll get really creative in their slander.

Speaker 2  29:16
Yeah, yeah. And work people intentionally. Work people against them. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  29:25
I had $1 for every time that happened in my life, in my work, I'd be a rich man.

Speaker 2  29:34
He'd be retired with a with a few, you know, houses in the beach, exactly,

Speaker 1  29:38
exactly. Yeah, we can pick that up later this afternoon, though. Yeah, sounds good.

Speaker 2  29:46
I like where this is I like where this is going. So maybe, maybe once again, I don't know if I should Wednesday. Let me take a look. Maybe Wednesday, but we could,

Unknown Speaker  29:56
okay, I'm open to that. My impatience

Unknown Speaker  29:58
for you, which. You think spit Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  30:04
Yeah. All right, buddy, thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai