Speaker 1  00:51
Hello, hello. Hello, guys, welcome. Welcome to today's call. Hey, Kelsey, how are you good? Awesome. Hey, Siobhan and aura, you're able to join today. Hi. So excited to have you here. And Tim, welcome to your first nerve message call. Hey guys, awesome. All right, so as usual, we have quite a bit to go through. I feel like I need to stop saying that, because almost on every call, we're going to have quite a bit to have quite a bit to go through, but it's always productive, and it's always filled with breakthroughs. And ahas excited to dive into this topic with you guys today, because I almost feel like this is the most commonly asked thing that we almost consistently have to come back to when it comes to messaging and when it comes to content creation. So the topic of today, as you guys saw I posted on the group, is really kind of helping you guys understand how to get into the heads of your customers, using their words, and how to infuse the words that they resonate with, so that we're not writing content pieces that's from the perspective of us as the coach, but coming from the perspective of them. Because I'm sure you guys have heard me say this time and time again, your content is meant to meet them where they are at and we really want to make sure that we're writing from the lens of the customer or the reader and not necessarily from the lens of the person behind the brand. So this becomes an art and a science. And as a caveat, I just want to say that this is not easy stuff. So if you find yourself consistently using coach speak or consistently reverting back to your language, release any sort of pressure and guilt to have to nail this down. Because if it was easy, you guys would all be conversion copywriters, and this is why conversion copywriters exist. Our entire job is to take your expertise and translate it into the words of your ideal clients. And this has taken years of mastery, even for myself, I actually recently came across something I wrote back in 2018 and it was like a Facebook post. It popped up as a memory, and I was like, oh my goodness, there was so much coach speak in that like and I was working as a copywriter back then. But again, this is a skill that evolves over time, and so with some of the things I'm going to be teaching you guys today, it's something I want you to continuously come back to time and time again, because market research really like getting into the heads of your clients. This is something that will evolve with you as practitioners, the more honed in you get into your own message. So even if you feel like what you have figured out right now is working for you and you feel kind of grounded and confident in your message, I'm almost more than willing to bet that as your business evolves and as you go through the different iterations of your message, and as you get closer and closer to what your actual clients desire, what are their goals, what are their needs, it becomes increasingly important for you to get even more and more specific in what you're talking about. So what I'm going to teach you guys today is, obviously, you know, it's a lesson. However, this isn't something that you do once and that you feel good with. It's something that you want to consistently come back to, because one of the biggest myths, especially in marketing, is that market research happens in the beginning phases of your business. And one of the big problems that I see, even with a lot of the you know, successful figures when it comes to marketing, is that they did their market research in the beginning phases of when they were launching their programs and their products. But what has happened since then is that they have grown and they have iterated, or they have evolved, and they have become almost so far from what their ideal clients actually need, or what what current state that they're in right now that it becomes really hard for them to understand how to use the language because they don't understand where their clients actually are. They're so far ahead that it's really hard for them to put themselves in the shoes of someone who's in that position right now. And so that's why I say it's something you want to continuously come back to, because it's a myth. It's a misconception to think that market research only happens. In the beginning phases of your business. So there's a couple of things I want to go through today, and we'll see if we can get through all of it. But if not, then we're going to continue this on a part two type training. However, the key things I want to go through with you guys today is one my favorite forms of market research. Because again, oftentimes I think when we think about market research, we think about like, surveys or asking our audience things. And if you guys have followed me for a long time, it's not that I'm against asking your audience questions, but unfortunately, I think the way that typical market research questions are done aren't very effective for gathering potent information on what is it that they need? Because if people knew what they needed, they wouldn't be needing your needing your help, right? So people will talk about what they think they need from their perspective, but that isn't actually what you as the the expert knows is going to be helpful for them. So one of the examples I've used in the past with myself is that if I tell people, you know, what can I provide you? What would you like to see more from me when it comes to upgrading your messaging and your copy most people would say, Well, I would love to, you know, get a copy template from you where I know exactly what to say and when, so that I can get clients. But as you guys know, a copy template is not going to be the thing that converts because, in my eyes, as the expert, I know that people need to have that grounded sense of core identity they need to understand, you know, their ideal client from a deeper level, and a copy template is just going to be a band aid solution to their problem. If they're feeling stuck with coming up with content ideas, a copy template is not going to do anything for them. They might be able to produce a couple of posts from it, but in the long term, I'm not really teaching them to fish. I'm just giving them the fish, right? So we're going to go over my different forms of market research. Some of these are a bit unconventional, but I'll give you guys examples of how I've personally used these and how, as my business has evolved, I've kind of evolved my methods of market research so that I'm not necessarily doing sales calls and consultations anymore, but I'm still actively engaging with my clients so that I really understand what their needs and desires are. The second thing I want to go through is a very easy exercise, and I have a spreadsheet created, and I'm going to get my OBM to upload it into the into the portal if you guys want to access but I'm going to share my screen. And honestly, you don't even really need a spreadsheet to do this. If you have the questions recorded, you could probably come back to this exercise time and time again and kind of fill in the blanks with your answers. So we'll do that. And then the very last thing I'm going to walk you guys through is kind of revisiting the different levels of market readiness and buyer readiness and making sure that your content is speaking to the right level of person, because sometimes we get really comfortable speaking to one level of person, and what that ends up happening is that we either over educate them, or we're speaking to the person who isn't even ready to invest, but they see us as a really helpful resource, so they keep coming back, or they keep engaging with our content, because they're getting a lot of value, but we're not necessarily speaking to the person who's already made the decision that they want to work with us further. So hopefully we can get through all that today. But like I said, I also want to open the floor up for questions and stuff. So if we do have to come back to this training another time, we'll do so as well. Okay, so before we get into anything that I just talked about, I want to hear from you guys. This is part of my market research. I want to hear from you guys when it comes to getting into the heads of your audience, or coming up with those really specific, tangible examples of how their problems are showing up for them. What are some of the things that are feeling a bit heavy for you, or what are some of the things that you're you're either feeling blocked on or feeling a little bit like this doesn't it's not coming naturally. It's not really clicking. Feel free to unmute yourself if you if you have any thoughts you want to share.

Speaker 2  08:53
Can you ask that again? Yeah, in a different way, please.

Speaker 1  08:57
Yes, for sure. So when it comes to producing content or speaking to your audience in a way where they really kind of understand that you see what their problems are, or to see what your solutions are that can benefit them. And when it comes to actually writing in very specific, tangible terms, what are some of the things that you get tripped up on or when, when you're writing content, what feels heavier? What makes you feel like you're getting stuck in the process of producing that content

Speaker 2  09:26
piece? This probably isn't really fair, because I'm new here, but I definitely get caught in coach speak, for sure.

Speaker 1  09:33
Okay, okay. And in what circumstances do you find yourself getting caught in coach speak? Is it when you're speaking about your solution?

Speaker 2  09:42
I It's a mix of coach speaking. It's probably a mix of not really, truly feeling like I know what their problem is, but it has, I think it's, has to do with whenever I talk to a client in my car. Call like a sales call, because that's my comfort zone, and that's what I fall back on. So when I go to post on like I do live not lives, but reels, I end up like I very rarely speak to their pain. I'm speaking to a lot of what I think is important, not what is important to them,

Speaker 1  10:22
yeah, yeah. And that's a very common issue, so we'll address that today, for sure, and I might even get a couple of you to, kind of like volunteer a topic, and I'll walk you through how I would speak about it, or how I would write about it, versus what the coach version would look like, if that would be helpful. Awesome. Okay, all right, you go, and then Siobhan was your hand up too. Yep. Okay, perfect. All right, go for it. Aura,

Speaker 3  10:45
yes. So I find myself caught on educating a lot, or at least that's what I think I'm doing. Because I feel like in a way, when it comes to getting people on the call, like I'm confident on the call, but getting people onto the call from me is kind of like a challenge. So I guess I can say, speaking to the person that's already ready to invest because I feel like I'm throwing spaghetti, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  11:12
And when you're educating, or, I should say, the people who do end up getting on the call with you, what was the like instigator? What was the thing that actually got them on the call with you in the first place?

Speaker 3  11:24
Well, one of them, she wanted to improve her relationship with herself, but that's after she has read my post and I have educated her, so I guess she got to a point where she was ready, because she wasn't happy with the way things were going in her life. I found myself that in other times, I'm the one that has to reach out to people just because something just tells me to do so, and I get them on the call, but I just want to be better at writing in a way that will make people say, Yes, I need her. I'm still I haven't mastered that quite yet.

Speaker 1  11:58
Yeah. And again, you're not the only one, because that that seems to be like the the underlying common denominator to any time that we're feeling a little bit like, I don't know why people are not saying, yes, it's because we feel like we're we're producing content, we're doing the work, but it's not necessarily hitting on those emotional buy buttons in a way that will get someone to to see the value and want to get on a call with us. Okay, I'll make a note of that, and we're going to come back to come back to that as well. And I just want to kind of bookmark that you said this woman wanted to improve her relationship with yourself or with herself. Sorry. So we're going to come back to that, because there's that's a good example of how I can break that down into more tangible, realistic or emotionally relevant terms, so that the person actually sees what improving the relationship with herself is actually going to do for her. And if it if we can improve or increase the amount of emotional relevancy in our content, that's when we start getting the Oh, I know that you're the right coach for me, or I knew I needed to invest into this program, because we're speaking to the desires in their terms, not necessarily from ours. And here's the the tricky part, where most people say, like, Well, yeah, but I had people come to me and they said vague terms, like they said, I want to improve my relationship to myself, so why don't I just use that in my copy? Because that's what they said. And the reason because you can't use that, it's not that you can't use that, but I would be hesitant towards using that is because I'm almost willing to bet that there was something else in your content that you said that was a lot more specific. And our brains remember the gist of things. They don't remember the specifics. They remember the context around an idea. They don't necessarily remember the specific words. So whatever it was that you said in her mind, it registered as I need to improve my relationship with myself, and that's why they come to you. It wasn't necessarily that you said you want to improve the relationship with yourself, but there's something that you used in an example, maybe a client analogy, maybe a testimonial, which kind of got her saying, Yeah, that's what I need to do. I need to improve my relationship with myself. So I'm going to get get on a call with aura, because she's going to help me do that. So my hesitancy to using those exact words is that it wasn't necessarily that that got her on there. What you want to do is reverse engineer. What does improving her relationship with herself going to do for her? How's that going to look like in her day, day to day life? What's that going to improve or alleviate that will make her go, ah, that's exactly what I'm looking for. So when I come back to that, because that's a common thing, I see people kind of getting tripped up with as well. Awesome. Siobhan, you're next. I feel all that too. I'm like, I'm smart. Why am I not getting this? It is a process. I feel like the people in my like circle, they want the exact same thing, and it's like one of three things. They want more money and they want to start a business, but they don't know anything else outside of that. A lot of. Them are coming to me not knowing what they want or just having an idea, and that that's it like, and I'm that was kind of why I'm stuck in the like three thoughts, because that's what they come to me with. So I'm trying to write from those three thoughts, but it's like the same starting point. So I'm trying to find, like, an intersection of where they are speaking around that, like, for example, My people are considering doing a cash based practice versus online. So now I've learned to hit that and think, if you've been thinking about this. So it's like, I'm trying to pull out what might be in the back of their heads. But that has felt hard, because what they what they say, is, like, one of three things, totally, yeah, and this is where I think the exercise I'm going to show you today is going to become helpful, because this is a good example of people expressing what their desires are and what their wants are, and you now as the expert, being able to reverse engineer, okay, this is what you want, but here are all the things that need to happen in order for you to get there, or for you to kind of peer into what are some of the common problems and the common obstacles that come up when people are trying to either start their business or make more money in their business, because the chances are, and again, this is like very, I don't wanna say complex, but like deeper levels of human psychology, is that we think we know what we want, and we think we have some sort of pathway to get there, but the thing that we think we need to get to where we wanna go is almost never the thing that it's never that linear, it's never that simple. And so our jobs as experts, and this is why getting into business, it's a whole like, it's a whole ordeal, because you're no longer just like, Oh, here's my easy peasy, like, solution, right? It's very intricate. So you as the expert, need to be able to foresee, what are the obstacles, what are the barriers, what are the problems, what are the common myths, the misconceptions, what are the things that come up for someone who's trying to create a, you know, a cash based business, or trying to create a business period. So hopefully, by going through the the three different types of market research and the little kind of diagram I'm going to show you guys, it might, it might help kind of clarify that. But this is where and I consistently come back to this, is that as content creators, or as people who have a very valuable service or a valuable solution, you want to be thinking like journalists, and journalists are not always just looking for what's the best story to publish. They're looking deeper, right? They're looking into what caused this. They're kind of like researchers. They're looking into the different angles that they can take on the story. Right? You can have the a similar occurrence happen, but then two different versions of a story come out. And so if you start thinking about the problem that you solve as a journalist, you start to look at all the different angles that you can take on something. And this is one of the keys with messaging. Where, you know, you guys have heard me say that messaging is the magic is in the repetition of it, right? And Siobhan, I think with you, it's like, well, yeah, but I feel like I'm repeating the same things over and over again. How much do I need to repeat this thing? And it isn't that you're sticking to one key topic and you're you're just repeating that over and over again. You're finding the different angles where you can actually hit the same spot or hit the same message in various different ways, an example of this. And as I've said, I've kind of committed to upping my own authority posts in the next couple of weeks. So as you guys kind of follow along, and as I'm making these posts, you guys will see me do this on either it was last week's call of the call before that, where I talked about the importance of having that core message. So my core message being that you need to have a core message, or you need to have an anchor point to your messaging in order for people to see you as an expert. Because if you're just producing content randomly, people don't know what to associate you with, and so you need to have the conviction and the clarity and how to articulate the value of what you do in order to stand out in today's marketplace. That's That's my core message. Okay, the messaging component is the word or the the concept that all my content ties back to. And so what I have done is that I've come up with multiple different angles to show people why messaging is the missing piece to helping them get to the level of authority, to bring in the sales to, you know, be known as the thought leader, like, that's the missing piece. That's the thing that they need to get to where they want to go. And an example of a different angle that I've used. Done it. For example, the post I made today about messaging being like sex, kind of a funny post, right? It could be, Shamika really liked that one. So it could be either like a connective post, because people were like, Oh, damn, parmesan showing a bit of her spicy side. So it's a bit connective. But in my opinion, that's more of an authority post, because I was showing people that you know you could follow all the tactics and strategies of going live and doing a five day live launch and, you know, marketing your bum off. But if your messaging is not super clear, tangible and specific, you're just shouting into the void. Right? You're you're getting louder and louder, but it's not actually landing with the right people. I made a very similar post the week before that, that talked about the importance of messaging, kind of being like the key thing that everyone comes back to. So it's the same message. Ironically, I'm talking about messaging and messaging, it's like meta messaging, but it's the same message that I'm conveying, but I'm finding different angles of being able to talk about it. And to me, it might sound repetitive, because it might sound like I'm saying the same things over and over again, but to an audience member who still hasn't clicked or still hasn't understood the nuances of how messaging is important for them, they need that repeated exposure for them to go, Ah, okay, messaging is the thing I need to do. And then, as we look at the different stages of the buyer journey, once they has really clicked for them that messaging is the thing they need to do, then we can move them on to more intricate content pieces that gets into the nuances of our offer. Why is it that our offer is superior? Why is it that the way that we approach solving our problem is different than other people. But essentially the core message is something that you want to continuously repeat. You just want to find different ways of talking about it.

Speaker 1  21:57
The post I made, I think I made a post yesterday that talked about, you don't want to work with the mentor who just gets you the result. You want the mentor that gets you the result in the way that you want it. So I first posted a very quick one liner, and then I posted a longer, like drawn out version that gave very tangible examples of that post. And that's the one I posted in the group. And I said, it's kind group. And I said it's kind of like three posts in one. And the reason why I wanted you guys to look at that post, it was because because of two reasons, but primarily because I allowed the reader to get a sense of what my actual message is by giving hypotheticals, and those weren't hypotheticals. They actually were client examples, but, but by walking people through those client examples and being like, here's how my program is different, without actually overtly exerting here's how my program is different, right? I said this person came to me and was feeling super overwhelmed, because she was doing her first ever live launch, and she was feeling like she had a lot of resistance coming up around going live every day and writing all this content, but she felt like she had to, because her mentor had told her this was the way to get to 10s of 1000s of dollars. And so when we broke it down, I realized that the reason why she was feeling so much resistance is because that strategy was actually going against her natural way of wanting to show up. And so the whole point of that post was that it's not just about following the tactics or following the strategies. It's more about getting in alignment with who you are. And again, very subtly, this is also reinforcing the idea that when you have a solid brand identity, you no longer fall for the shiny objects, you no longer fall for the the fancy tactics and gimmicks and things you need to do. You just realize that showing up in authenticity and in alignment with your message is the thing that will land with the right people. And so I said what we did is that we scratched that whole plan, and instead, we came up with topics that actually lit her up because this other coach had given her, like templates, like, you need to talk about this, you need to talk about that during your launch, and she just didn't want to talk about those things. So of course, she's going to feel resistance, right? So we came up with the topics that she really wanted to talk about. We came up with the angles, and we came up with a schedule that didn't make her nervous system feel like it's going into panic. She didn't have to go live every day. She could go live once a week, right? And then I gave a couple of other examples, if you guys read through that post, of different clients that came to me with different problems, feeling like they were guilted by a previous coach because they hadn't posted for eight days. And I tackled that belief by saying, you know, you don't necessarily have to be consistent. So the whole point of that post is that not only did I show my authority because I showed here's what you can do instead, but I also demonstrated leadership by showing what my perspective or what my approach is to that problem. And then I. Effortlessly led them through a call to action, which, again, if you guys read it didn't really feel like a call to action. I said, here are the things I disagree with in my industry, and here's what I'm committed to doing different, doing differently inside my programs. If this is something that you resonate with more, then I'd love to talk. So this was an example of giving a very, very clear image, or giving vivid examples of how I work and what I believe in and what I stand for, or using other people's stories to reinforce my core message. But it all comes back down to the core message, which is you need to have a brand identity. So the post today I made about sex, and the post that I made yesterday about the client, the you know, the client experiences, all reinforce the same message. There's just different angles I'm taking to it, and that's how I want you guys to think about that. So Siobhan to answer your question real quick around like people either only want money or like to be making more money, or they want to know how to start their business. That's what they want. It is now your job to think about all the potential issues and all the potential obstacles, or all the potential things that will come up for them in the pursuit of making more money or starting their business, and we can come up with a million different angles when it comes to like the mindsets they need to approach or adopt when they want to start a business. What are the the different ways that they might fall out of alignment with how to make more money in their business, there's, there's a lot that we can get into awesome. There's a diagram. That's how I feel about self trust is needed for everything in business. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Okay. So let me got, let me walk you guys through my different forms of market research, because one of the things we ended off last call with, I think Shamika, you had asked the question around, you know, how do we actually extract the the words that people use? Or how do we actually get into what are the specifics of how we describe what we do? So I usually have a three part method of doing market research, and depending on the level of business that you're at, and when I mean by level, it's not income level, level means just how deeply you've actually engaged with your current message. How many people have you attracted using your current message? And I don't have a specific number, like if you've worked with five or less people use this, or if you've worked with 10 or less people use this. But if you're feeling a little bit wobbly in your messaging right now I would start. I would recommend starting at the very beginning. So the very, very first thing I would want to start looking at is the actual words that people have used when they have come to you, and the best places to scout for this information, or intake forms or like application forms that they filled in when they first wanted to work with you, recordings of consultations or sales calls or DMS, so if you've posted something and someone DMS you, I want you to look at the specific words that they used. Now going back to the idea of you acting as a journalist, I'm not saying that take the exact words that they use and infuse it in your copy, but I want you to start getting a bigger scope idea of the context that they were using those words in. So, for example, oh my goodness, this post completely spoke to me. I would love to learn more about working with you. That's fantastic. What exactly about the post spoke to you? Well, I really like how you said that I don't need to bend myself backwards into somebody else's method in order to get the results right. So it's not that I'm going to be using exactly those words, like you don't need to bend yourself backwards in order to, you know, get someone or use someone else's framework to get the result. But what I can infer is that this person probably has felt immense pressure to follow somebody else's tactics. So do you see how this is now less about like taking their exact words and more about looking at the context behind their words. So if someone comes to you saying, Kelsey, I'm going to use you as an example. I'm going to use fatigue, because I think that's a that's an easy one. So if someone comes to you saying, I just find it so hard to like, get. Out of bed. No matter how much sleep I get, it just seems like I wake up fatigued, or I I'm super buzzed at night, but I have that, like, 2pm crash. Okay, so that's the words that they are using. That's how they're describing their situation. And yes, there's value in being able to extract those words and being able to infuse it in your copy, because that's how someone described it. But the context behind that also could be the exhaustion that they feel or the lack of focus that they feel in the morning, like they want to wake up and be able to hit the ground running with their to do list. And yet they're feeling like that. They're super sluggish. It takes them a while to actually wake themselves up and get into that creative flow in the morning. Or they feel kind of unreliable because of that afternoon crash where, you know, they want to build that momentum up and maybe write content and maybe get on calls and maybe do these things, but that afternoon crash is causing them to feel a little bit like, oh, I don't know if I can trust myself to get everything done in the afternoon. And that's just an example I'm using. But do you see how I've extracted a very clear day to day example of what people have said I struggle with like I struggle with this specifically, and now Kelsey can extract that and use her imagination and ask yourself, what are the consequences of someone feeling this way? What else could be present for them?

Speaker 1  31:32
Okay, so looking at your consultation forms, and if you don't have consultation forms or intake forms, I highly recommend that you do, because even if your call to action is like, oh, book a call with me and we'll explore asking questions before people get on the call, actually primes them, Believe or not, this is a neuro marketing tactic. It actually primes them to get even deeply root, more deeply rooted, in the actual problem, and to feel like they have greater desire to want to fix the problem. This isn't being manipulative. It's just helping them understand that their problem is actually very real and relevant and that they would benefit from receiving support on it. So asking those questions, Siobhan says, What do you mean? Asking a question before the before the call to action, no. So the actual intake. So when people want to reach out to work with you, I would recommend, either through your Calendly or through an application form to actually ask them questions. And the way that you word those questions are also important as well. So you could say something very general, as like, what are you struggling with right now, right? Or you can lead the question a little bit to get them to say, for example, when it comes to messaging and content creation, what are the top three struggles, or what are the top three areas that you're feeling frustrated with right now? Do you see how that's very different than just like, What are you struggling with right now? And when I kind of tweaked my application process, I realized when I kind of stepped away from doing, like, broad questions, like, you know, what are some obstacles you're facing in your business, people would say a lot of things that had nothing to do with what I do, right? They just kind of like found it as a spaced event. Well, I'm feeling not confident. I'm feeling like, you know, I'm attracting lower quality clients, blah, blah, blah. When I created more specific questions, people gave me even deeper insight into what their actual problem was when it came to messaging. And in just a moment, I'm going to show you guys why that's super important. Because I've created kind of like this diagram or this, this chart where I've charted the top problems that people have come to me for using the things that I've extracted through their diagram, or, sorry, through their through their application form. So the key to this is asking more specific questions, and it's not that you're leading them or like manipulating them to giving you certain answers. You're just asking the question and the way or framing the question in the way that you think they will best answer. It's giving them context around how to answer that question. Okay, so consultation forms, if you're doing sales calls or consultation calls, super important to actually record them and go back to them and get a feel for the flow of the conversation, right? Where did they feel? And again, this is what I mean by context, not just listening to what they're saying, but listening to their tone, listening to their body language, listening to the expressions. When it comes to, let's say, making money. Do they kind of close off? Do they look around? Do they feel like, like you can really infer a lot about someone's pain points just by watching them interact with you. This is what I mean by looking at the context behind some of their words. This is how you get even deeply, more deeply rooted into Oh, okay, so this is a very relevant pain point for this person. Okay. This. Is all really good for data mining. So that's the first type is to actually look at your own application, sales calls, consultations. The second type is to do actual research. And I've got, let's see, 12345, really effective methods in doing research to be able to extract the language that people use to describe the problem. And this is especially important if, like many of you saying that you're getting stuck in coach speak, it's really helpful to see what people are saying using their own words to describe the problem that you solve, because the more you're exposed to how they describe it, the easier it will become for you when you're writing content, to actually describe it in the way that they are. So the first one I gave it off on last week's I kind of hinted or teased this on last week's call, is Amazon. And I say Amazon, and people are like, What do you mean by doing market research on Amazon? Well, Amazon has got a plethora of books on there, and I'm willing to bet there's 1000s of books that talk about the thing that you do. So one of the best methods of market research is to look at three parts of a book. I mean, you can even you can get really specific. So for example, like books on anxious attachment style or books on relationships, right? Just look at what are the books that are very highly rated, and I want you to look at three areas. I want you to look at their table of contents, the back of the book, and then reviews. And here's what I want you to specifically look for, again, through the lens of the journalist. So you're putting your critical thinking hats on, and you're really kind of thinking, Hmm, what is the context behind what is being said here? So when you're looking at the table of contents, typically you can see the breakdown of information, and oftentimes you can infer, what are the pain points, or what are the problems that each of these chapters resolve. So there's a book, for example, I'm reading on creativity right now, and I wouldn't say creativity is a problem for me, but by going through the table of contents, it gives me various different angles on what are the different types of creativity blocks that might come up. So by reading, for example, you know, a tip on or a title on creativity blocks, I can infer that there are people who probably struggle with the opposite or struggle with that block. So tables of contents are really good for getting that overarching picture of what are the things that people typically struggle with? And if a book is well written, the table of contents are not going to just be like, you know, chapter one, help your hormones, like they get really deep and specific, right about what the actual topic or what the thing is that they're going to be talking about within that chapter itself. So you can just naturally infer what is the bigger order idea that they're trying to get to? Or what is the problem that someone with that issue would be like, Oh, that chapter is going to be super helpful for me. The second part that I said we want to look at is the back of the book. And the back of the book is excellent for market research, because the whole purpose of the back of the book is to get someone sold on the book. Right? People read the back of the book to kind of get that quick synopsis of what the book is going to do for them. So it's cool about the back of the book is that some of the marketing jargon has already been taken care of for you. It's not going to be like, hey, read this book so you can unlock your potential and boost your mindset. Right? If it's a well written book, it's going to go into the details of if you struggle with procrastination, if you find yourself in constant patterns of self sabotage, this is for the entrepreneur who is willing to blah, blah, blah. This is going to help you shift from this to this. It will literally have specific language that you can extract and start using in your own content. And again, we're not saying that we're copying other people's content here, but it we're looking at it as inspiration and seeing if this book has done really well. What is the wording that it has used to get the right person to pick it up and go, Oh, this is for me. And the very last place that almost nobody thinks of is the review section. And the review section is super cool because it allows real people to get really deep into why they read this book, what they took away from it? What did it help them solve? And this is super valuable when it comes to coming up with your value statements. And again, as a refresher, your value statements is when you're talking about your offer, when you're talking about your service or your product. Coming up with terms. That describe what people can take away, or describe what was the value like, the tangible value that people walked away with.

Speaker 1  40:14
So again, this would be really helpful, because as you're going through the reviews, and I think I did this a couple weeks back with a relationship book, I went through the reviews, and it's, it's actually astonishing how specific people get of being like, you know, my husband and I were in therapy for five years dealing with blah, blah, blah, like, specific problems, and we had tried this technique and that technique, and it wasn't until we came across this book and this person's teachings that it completely revolutionized the way that we communicate. That is a gold mine of information for for someone who's in the relationship space, right? Because you can see actual people describing their situation and talking about how this book helped them. The other part of reviews that's really helpful is that you can actually look at negative reviews, granted, actual viable negative reviews, not people who are like one star, because this book got to me two weeks late, not those negative reviews, but people who read the book and didn't enjoy the experience, and looking at what specifically did they not enjoy about it, you know? Oh, it was repetitive material. I felt like it didn't actually get to the root of why these issues perpetuate. Felt like it was just regurgitation from so and so's book, like really looking into the context of why people didn't enjoy that that book or that piece of information. Now, books are a great way to do so, but another place that you can look to see people's specific words and how they describe it is either competitors or different products that exist within your space that address the same issues. So so other people's testimonials are also a gold mine. And again, I don't mean this in the sense of, like creeping other people's stuff and, you know, using their language and voice and program that that's not what I mean. But looking at testimonials, because typically, if you're a good business owner, when you're collecting testimonials, you're again, kind of driving the testimonial conversation. You're not just saying, Hey, can you send me a testimonial? Typically, you'll send them a couple of questions, like, Hey, do you think you can answer one of these questions in the testimonial? Or I would like to know like, where you were before and what changed, and where were you after? So looking at testimonials or those live videos, let's say that people do with their clients to talk about what results they got. Those are, again, another amazing gold mine of information, because people are literally describing, what were the struggles, what were the obstacles, what were the things that were really feeling kind of like heavy to them, that because of this program, they were able to solve. Now you don't really care much about what happened in the program, like, you can discard that. What you want to make sure that you're doing is that you're scoping out programs and products and things that are relevant to what you actually do. But you want to look at how people are describing their issues. Like, Oh, I was super burnt out. I was feeling extremely I felt like I'd been in other programs before, but they didn't address XYZ. So, like, whatever that XYZ is, now you can infer, huh, okay, so this person values XYZ to be addressed. Good to know, right? So you're looking at it from the full scope, the full spectrum of, like, the context of what are they saying. So if they didn't get XYZ, that means that XYZ is something that people are looking for. Okay, noted, good to know, and looking at how they describe their transformation. This is super important, because once again, when it comes to coach speak, how many times have we seen people say this is going to change your life. You're going to feel so abundant, you're going to feel so joyful. And there's nothing wrong with saying any of those things, because they probably will. But the issue now becomes is that they're so high level and so vague that they don't actually have any emotional value to the person reading them. If someone tells me that if I heal my nervous system, I'm going to feel greater levels of joy and energy throughout my day. That's not going to mean anything to me. But if they tell me that when I have a day where I've got five hours of calls and I've got a parent issue going on and I've got an XYZ happening, and I'll be able to calm myself down, not kind of fall into these negative loops and spirals and actually finish the day feeling like I've accomplished everything that I have and not have any guilt about anything that's left over. I'm like, Okay, that's a lot more specific, right? It's not necessarily about feeling energized and joyful and abundant, but how does energized, joyful and abundant actually look like for the specific person? Person that you're trying to reach. So looking at these testimonials, or perhaps even these, these client interviews of other people can really help you understand how people describe their transformation. So once I was done with this program, what are some of the things that you felt, or what are some of the benefits that you experienced? Well, now I was able to show up online and feel super confident about what I posted. I dropped the guilt around no longer. You know needing to be consistent every day. You know they get really specific into the tangible components of what does it actually look like after they've gone through the program? Now, again, you want to make sure, again, like we're not looking at the actual program and copying what the program does, we're listening for what these people say they were able to do, because whatever they verbalize, we can infer that's what they value. Says, this is deep, yeah, this is just really kind of like understanding how to use the pre existing tools that already are on the internet to data mine. And what's really nice about this is you guys have heard me say this as well. You never want to write copy from like a blank page or from scratch. So if you have a swipe file and a swipe file, by the way, in copywriting terms, we always had like a folder where we shared bits and pieces of information or inspiration if we saw like, an email headline that did really well, we would add that to our swipe file. So when we're sitting down and going like, oh crap, I don't know what to write, we can open that swipe file and and look at inspiration. This is a really good way to do that. So if you're if you're launching a new offer, and you're like, Well, I don't know how to describe the transformation, or I don't know how to get into the heads of what people want, or maybe it's the first time I'm doing a program like this. The best way to do that is to look at that swipe file, or look at how people have previously described what is it that they desire, or what are the problems that they're facing, and go back to that. And again, it's not about copying what's what's there, but sometimes just looking at bits and pieces of inspiration will really help certain things click and be like, Oh, that's exactly what I was trying to say. I just couldn't come up with it on my own. Yeah. So not writing from a blank canvas is honestly one of the biggest copywriting hacks that I can give you, and that's why I continuously go back to having that idea bank that you contribute to, that you develop. There was a number of posts just again, a personal example as a side note here, there's a number of posts that I like ideated probably within the last three to four weeks, but they weren't completed like they I hadn't actually taken the time to sit down and write the post, but I had put them in my folder, in my notes folder, as something I need to come back to. And every time I had a client discussion, or every time I saw something on social media that made me think about that topic. I would go and like, add a couple of sentences to it, and lo and behold, yesterday, I think I sat down and wrote almost 14 content pieces. And if I say I wrote 14 content pieces to someone, they'll be like, Oh, my God, you were writing all day. I'm like, No, it probably only took me about three hours. And the reason why is because I wasn't starting all 14 pieces from scratch, right? I sat down and I'm like, Oh, this post is 75% done. I just need to end it. Or, oh, this post just needs a headline. So I was able to create a bulk of content, which, honestly, in the next two weeks I'm just going to be releasing. Even if I don't write any new content, I'm just going to have stuff to post from my content bank. But it's not that I sat down and wrote all those from scratch. I allowed the ideas to germinate, and I allowed them to kind of take form as I went through the different experiences of watching other people do things. All right, so let's move on to the next, the next type of market research. So first we had the Amazon and then second, we had testimonials from competitors, and then the third one is Ted Talks and master classes. So Ted Talks might seem a little bit formal for some of you, but again, just like Amazon, I am sure there are people who have talked about very, very specific topics, and this is why TED talks are helpful, because they get really specific, right? They don't talk about, like mindset as a whole. They get really, really deep into a very specific avenue of mindset. So if you're able to do a little bit of research and go down a little bit of a rabbit hole around TED Talks that talk about the the different gist or the different angles that you want to be known for, that's also a really good place for you to get content ideas from and again, I'm just going to reiterate it's not that we're taking that idea and we're replicating it, but we're improving the inputs that we're taking in so that our brain can come up with better outputs. And oftentimes, when we're taking in quality content, it's not that we have an aha moment about that specific topic and we just take that topic and make it our own. We actually make a connection between that topic that they're talking about and something else that we know. And the idea behind TED Talks is that they're kind of, I mean, their slogan is ideas worth sharing. Right? So they all take very unique angles on TED Talks.

Speaker 1  50:05
And so that unique angle might spark a whole other unique angle that you have that wasn't the main point or the main intent of the TED talk, but it inspires this other viewpoint that you have now developed, alright, since I've never heard of TED Talks. This means I can use TED talk again. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So Ted Talks was one. The second one was master classes. And here's what's beautiful about master classes is that the majority of the market research has been done for you, and they're free. Most people's so master classes in the field that you're in. So if you're in the business field, if you're in the marketing field, if you're in the health field, if you're in the mindset field, looking at people who have trainings, one part training, two part training, three part training, whatever. And again, we're not there to copy their content or their structure, but we're listening to the language that they're using, because any properly crafted training or masterclass is going to identify the client's needs, call out their pains, talk about the benefits of their solution. And again, this is all data mining, the words, the angles, the perspectives, that if someone else with a similar product or service, and they don't even necessarily have to have like a very similar product or service, but if they're in that field, or if they're servicing a very similar niche to yours, you'll be able to introspect, or be able to take some of The information and make it relevant to where you're at. So looking at the master classes and specifically listening for how they're describing the ideal client. I'm sure all of your timelines have exploded with hormozi Post this week. I'm sure of it. I honestly haven't even watched it yet. Believe it or not, everyone thinks I would have been the first one, being someone who has written like, over 70 master classes for people. I haven't even watched it yet, but I'm more than willing to bet again, I haven't watched it, but it probably follows like, kind of like a Russell Brunson style webinar, yeah, is that it? Shivan, yeah, I just, I, that's my assumption. Yeah, it's really funny, because it is literally the perfect webinar script. And I was doing this, I mean, it was laid out to perfection. I said, Damn, I don't know if it'll be impressed. Well, that's what a lot of people say, is that if you're a marketer, you probably won't be impressed, because it's not groundbreaking. If you're like, new to the business and marketing space, it might be like, Oh, wow, that was super persuasive. But for someone who's written, like, I've lost count of how many webinars I've written, it's probably going to be just like, regular to me. Kelsey says, I don't even know who that is. Yeah, if you're on that, like, really deeply into the marketing and business development space. Hormozi is like, become a god, like figure. He basically popularized the real style where you have like words popping up when you're talking. So those are actually now called hormozi style reels, because he was, like the first person who started doing reels in that format. And then obviously everybody caught on and just copied him. So he's probably one of the gurus I would say that I would agree with the most. I don't agree with everything he says, but he definitely has some some good business principles that I think would be worth listening to in terms of, like playing the long game when it comes to your business, and not just looking for those quick cash injections. So we kind of share similar values in certain respects, but others not so much. But anyway, the point of why I brought up hormozi and his master class style is, if you're saying that it's a perfect Master Class, kind of like how Russell Brunson teaches it, then a good chunk of the beginning of the perfect masterclass script, or the perfect webinar script, actually focuses on building emotional relevance and qualifying the people that need to be there. So again, I haven't watched his master class, but I bet he's probably going to be like, this is going to work for you. If you are this, this, this, most people who are here probably have experienced this, this, this. And I know because I've written a million perfect webinars. So like, I know that that's typically the case. But again, if other people also follow the script, and they're within your industry, that's a huge place where you can understand, like, oh yeah, I didn't even think about that type of person who could learn from me, or I didn't even think about positioning it that way. So really good for you to be able to data mine the very specific descriptions and criteria they give for the type of clients that they would want to attract into that master class and eventually convert into their programs. Okay, so master classes and Ted Talks. The fourth one is comment sections. This one is my favorite, and I'll tell you why. So I haven't done this in a while, and actually kind of did it today, and I know Shamika had to jump off this call, but I was in a bit of a Facebook fight with someone today, and I haven't done this in a long time, because I just I don't have time for it. But some. Times. And I have to say, during certain times of the month, I see something, and I just can't shut my mouth. So the thing that I saw was someone talking about and I kind of made a joke about it, but they basically said that coaches, if coaches learned how to write more tangibly, it would change their life. That was the post. And to be funny, I commented, and I said, Can you make change your life more tangible? Because, as you guys know, like, the irony is that he was saying, You need to be more tangible, but then his own statement was not very tangible. Like, like, change your life is not tangible. I was just trying to be funny, because that's just parmese, um, he took offense to it, big offense to it. Wrote me a whole thing around why coaches like mindset coaches, life coaches have a harder time making money in business, and it's so easy for business coaches to make a crapload of money because they can say, or they can promise, hey, I'm going to make you 10k in eight weeks, but the the mindset coach can't promise that, and so I don't know what that even had to do with the comment that I had to say, but this guy obviously revealed a lot of his own mindset blocks. And I said, Sir, respectfully I disagree. I actually think that's a huge mindset issue that it gets a lot of people within the mindset space caught up with, like, well, what's the point of marketing myself, because, you know, if I can't make a tangible promise, like, Hey, I'm going to make you $10,000 no one's going to sign up for me. And in my experience, I have now worked with hundreds and hundreds of coaches that in the mindset space have actually outsold the people who have business programs, because their brand message and their presence was even more potent than the I'm going to make you, I'm going to help you make $10,000 because people are not going to fall for the promise of $10,000 in eight weeks anymore. And I would even question if someone is able to make that promise like that, like that itself is just questionable. But I've worked with mindset coaches that have so called intangible promises of greater clarity, less confusion, more energy. And they've actually outsold these business people because they've gotten so specific in the outcomes and their desires that those people that really could benefit from them have seen more value in investing with them than with a business coach. Anyway. The point is that comment section, or that little Facebook debate. And the reason why I draw, I dragged Shamika into this is because Shamika saw it, and then she kind of came into my defense and was like, Well, what parmese was actually trying to say? So the point is, it was an excellent way for me to come up with five different content angles, because what it revealed to me was okay. One I was trying to be funny around the tangibility. But even people who talk about tangibility still are talking about coach speak, or even people who you know are trying to be clear, they still fall for coach speak. So the one content angle I came up with is, no matter how good you get at copywriting, we all can fall for coach speak. I can still be talking about things that are very high level, and I might still be blind to it, and that's why it's valuable to have someone from the outside that can take a look at your messaging and point out the blind spots that you, who has the curse of the expert, might not necessarily say. So that's one angle I could take from that. The second angle is addressing the very belief that he said around well, mindset coaches have a harder time charging more money because they don't have tangible promises. I could take that in two different directions. One is addressing the actual belief that mindset coaches can't make as much money as business coaches, which is utter BS. And the second angle that I can take on that is to talk about how tangibility is not just money promises or time promises. Tangibility can be results in how you feel. Tangibility can talk about your day to day experience improving. The only thing that tangible means is that you'll be able to visualize it happening, or you're very clear and specific what that thing means. So if he would have said, if you learn how to be tangible, or if coaches learn how to be tangible, instead of saying it's going to change your life, he could have also said that it's going to help attract the right types of people to your business that don't have objections. That's tangible. He doesn't have to make money promises, but that's still tangible. So going back to the whole point around comment sections, if you look at someone who posts like a very spicy piece of content, and if you go into the comment section and see how people talk about the problem, it's very, very easy to extract. What are people's objections? What are people's beliefs, what are the pain points that they have?

Speaker 1  59:54
So there's plenty that we can come up with in this comment section. So. Siobhan says, can you share the process you're doing with this? You wrote down these content ideas and the multiple angles and everything you had to say about it, and then you'll go back and build up an idea into a float post. Yes. So here's what I did. The first thing I did is that I wrote down all the different angles I can take with it. So there's three angles I came up with. The first angle was that everybody could fall for coach speak no matter how good you get at messaging. That's the first angle. The second angle was addressing the myth that mindset coaches can't charge as much as business coaches and the third angle I came up with was that just because you don't have, like, a money or a timeline type of promise, that it's not tangible. So, like you can, you can be tangible with describing everyday things, like tangible promises that do not necessarily have to have, like a concrete outcome. As long as people can visualize what that result is in their life and how that will look like, that's what makes it tangible. So what I would do then is I would kind of allow those ideas to kind of marinate, where I would come back and add to them slowly, and then those become three different content pieces just based on this one interaction I had with this person. And what was interesting wasn't just my interaction, but looking at other people's comments, like looking at what other people were saying that was also super valuable, because it was giving me even deeper insight to what people struggle with when it comes to tangibility. Again, people love talking about themselves. They love revealing things, and if we're smart, it becomes an incredible source of content for us. Somebody else last night posted an engagement question. Like, when I think about lead generation, I think blank, and then she let people like answer in the comment section. Again, amazing, like, amazing for me, because I can go through, I can go through all those comments. And some people said, I hate lead generation. I don't know how to generate leads. I don't want to do the prospecting work. And that, again, was mind blowing to me, because I'm like, Huh, interesting. I never even think about lead generation. Why do I never think about lead generation? Because I have a content system that works so well for me. I never have to think about generating leads. I just do. And so I again, added a funny comment saying, I don't have to think about it. They just keep coming, because that's the truth. That's just the truth. So and, yeah, mic drop right there. So I'm in a funny mood this week, in case you guys can't tell. But point is, again, that by going through other people's comments on that. On that post, I was really able to see what are some of the common mindset blocks people have around lead generation? What are some of some of the beliefs that they have around lead generation? What are some of the that the problems or or the I would say, like the obstacles that they think exist, that I know that don't exist. So I can help them overcome that through posts. So the more I speak to those things in posts, the more people get a sense of where my area of expertise is and what I can help them with. So you can either scope other people's content for this, or you can even create your own engagement content. Personally, I think I'm assuming the person who posted that was like a lead gen specialist or something, or maybe had, like a freebie or a program or something that talked about lead generation, but think about the types of questions you can ask your audience that allows them deeper insights, or, sorry, allows you deeper insight into what are the common beliefs they actually have about the thing that you do, and you want to avoid asking yes or no questions, because I see a lot of people doing this, like, Do you believe content repurposing will help your business? People will either say yes or no, and that doesn't really do anything for you. You want to ask open ended questions, where people actually want to elaborate. And the second thing to keep in mind when it comes to market research is you don't want to ask questions that will make someone potentially make themselves look bad. So let's say if, like, Kelsey asks a question with like, for example. Like, how does fatigue show up in your day to day, for example? And if I were to answer, well, like, I'm so fatigued sometimes I find it to be a drag to even answer clients. Questions and I can't even get through a call without yawning, that's gonna make me look bad, right? Not saying that's the case, but it's not necessarily how I would want to answer publicly. So keep that in mind as well. When you're asking your questions, nobody wants to publicly make themselves look bad. So instead of framing it as like, what do they struggle with? What's the problem? What's the pain and kind of risk triggering some of the shame and guilt and all that that come with it? Try to frame the question in a way that actually gets them to think or want to express what's good about it. And then you can infer from their questions, what could be the potential obstacles or pain points that come with it? So, for example, instead of asking me, you know, what's the or asking, you know, how does fatigue show up in your day to day, Kelsey could ask something like, you know, what's your what's your morning routine? How many cups of coffee are you drinking in a day? And if I tell her that I wake up and I go straight to my email and I drink four cups of coffee without having any food, she can infer that that's, you know, that's the problem, all right. And the very last one that I think is probably one of the oldest methods that is taught within the social media space is looking at groups, communities and forums. So back in the day, the way that it was taught, and when I say back in the day, I mean, like five years ago, the way it was taught is, you know, going into Facebook groups that were specifically created with people who need your solution, right? So, like entrepreneurial moms, you know, faith based businesses, like people who are, like, really, really specific, and looking at the questions that come up in those groups, or looking at the again, looking at the comment section, looking at the things that people are asking or talking about looking at the discussions. Now, nowadays, I would say activity in groups has probably been on the decline, and it's not as popular for people to be really engaging in these groups. But forums online still do exist, and so even doing forum searches such as like Reddit or like, stuff that is, like, really easy, or just doing Google searches based on what people ask about specific areas of business, and again, looking at the context behind some of the questions that are being asked, or even some of the answers that are being given. Because sometimes it's not about the person who has the question. Sometimes you look at the answers and you're like, oh, no, I severely disagree with that. And that itself could become a post, right when I see someone post about a visibility problem and someone says that you need to post three reels a day and go live nine times a week, and that's how you're going to get your visibility up as an answer. Now that's a content piece that I can tell my clients. Hey, by the way, no, you don't got to do that. Don't worry. So looking at some of the content behind some of the questions that are asked on forums, on communities, I'm not huge on LinkedIn, so I'm not going to like get too deep into it, but there's a number of experts I've come across recently that talk very well about LinkedIn communities and I guess, LinkedIn threads and forums and stuff where there's great information pertaining to specific fields. So again, I'm not going to recommend it, because I don't do it, so I can't really give you guys guidance on that. But looking at the different forums, YouTube comment sections, that's another huge one, right? Looking up videos that pertain specifically to what you do, what you offer, and making sure that you're kind of like understanding. What are the issues that people find? What did they find helpful about that video? What are the comments that they're leaving about that that could be really helpful? Okay, now we're going to transition into the third type of market research, where I'm going to share my screen and show you guys this process, this chart that I've been alluding to, and the third type is essentially you guys reverse Engineering the questions and problems that might come up in

Unknown Speaker  1:09:25
if you were to break down each pillar or concept inside your offers.

Speaker 1  1:09:37
So let me bring up mine, just so that you guys see what I'm talking about, and I'm going to make it a little bit bigger so I can, okay, give me a second here. Let me share screen. All right, you guys see my screen. Okay, so you guys know I have three pillars to this program. I've got Brian. Identity. I've got brand message and I've got brand presence. So under each of these categories, I've now listed the problems and questions that people come to me for. And so you might not be at a stage where you actually have defined categories or have defined pillars. So whether you have or haven't, this actually is a good exercise to do, because what you can do is you can take all the problems that people come to you for and actually reverse them, or be able to put them into categories so that you come up with your your big buckets. But if you don't, or if you do have them, then what would be helpful to do is to list down every problem, every obstacle, every pain point that people come to you for. And again, I data mine this from questions that I received from clients over the years and consultation forms, like intake forms. When people filled out my application, I looked at what was it exactly that they that they struggled with? Another thing that I did over the years is that on my Instagram, I used Instagram stories so that people can anonymously tell me what are the problems that they have when it comes to content creation, brand building and messaging, because they might not necessarily want to like publicly tell me what their problem is, or have other people see that. But a lot of people said, Well, I really struggle with and then they get really specific into what they're struggling with. So a couple of examples of this. So unclear. How to distill down my genius or expertise into a big idea? I want to express myself authentically, but not in a way that confuses my audience. How do I speak to different people? If I niche down, unsure what makes me different better than my competitors, afraid or resistant to showing the real me feeling pressure to appear like I have it all together, like I'm sure you guys have heard all these. This is not like completely new, but I was able to put these into categories. And honestly, each one of these can stem out to becoming 12 content pieces on their own. And when I mean my 12 content pieces is that you guys have access to those 12 kind of like neuro message content types. When I say, you take one topic and you can run it through those types, each of these can be a topic that you run through those types, and you come up with a problem awareness post, you come up with a personal story, you come up with a one liner. So like this can be your kind of like your your guide, or like your Bible for endless content ideas. Because essentially, I'm taking what people are coming to me for, and I'm nailing in that message repeatedly by going through all the different types of content I could put out there. So like this one, what I offer is intangible. How do I make this compelling if I'm not promising $1 value or specific result? Oh, look at that. That was one of the content pieces we just talked about that I inferred from from that Facebook debate I had today. I'm attracting clients that aren't ready to invest or have mindset blocks around what's possible for them. How do I attract ready to buy clients who are committed? How do I craft posts that people actually want to read and that lead to sales. Is there a template for sales or connection posts? How do I speak to a variety of problems in my content? Or how do I tie things back to what I do? So do you guys see how these are all very relevant problems when it comes to messaging, but I've put them into these three categories because as I'm writing these posts, what I could do is I could always tie it back to this is why it's so important to have a brand message. This is why it's so important to have a brand identity. This is why it's so important to understand how to build up, how to build a proper brand presence, which, by the way, is a huge pillar inside my program. So what I'm doing here is that I'm allowing my brand also to see what are the different problems that come up for people under each of the umbrella categories of of my program. And anytime I'm feeling a block for content, I can just come back to this and go, Oh, okay, my content gets a lot of engagement, but doesn't convert. How do I create desire for people who want to work with me? Okay? Well, I can come up with, like, three different content pieces that talk to that problem, and especially when you're in a lunch so especially when you actually have a program where, like we talked about last week, if you're in that sales period, right promotion, sales period, part of your business. This becomes even more valuable, because now you're not just needing to come up with random content ideas on the fly, but you're seeing the specific issues or the specific things that people will need to know in order to position you as an authority or in order to see your offer as the thing that they need to do. So each one of these honestly, like, I don't know how many there are here, 1234567, okay, so let's say 21 different content pieces. If I had written one piece of content per block, and each one of them had a call to action, whether it was direct or indirect to my offer, that's my launch content right there, because each one of these ties back to the core three pillars that I have. Inside my program. So Siobhan says, is the problem, the brand identity is the problem. Or you categorize the problem to your three pillars. Yeah. So, so what I did is that I took the three pillars, and I took every problem that people come to me for, and I categorize them under those pillars. Or, like I said, what you could do is, if you don't have the three pillars yet, which I know you do, but what you could do is you can look at the pattern of like, okay, what are the types of questions people come to me with, and then you can categorize those questions and come up with your brand pillars based on what people are coming to you for. But I think everyone here, yeah, go for it. So just so I make sure I'm understanding mine is belief in self, belief in process, belief in transformation. So someone comes to me and they give me a problem, I'm going to look to see if that goes in the self category, the process category, the transformation category, exactly, exactly. And where this now becomes really relevant to you is that, like you said in the beginning, people either come to you because they want because they want to make more money in their business, or they want to, like, start a business. So similar to me, people either want to come to me because they want to make more money in their business or they want to create better content in their business. Now, as I said, it's my job as the expert to distill down all the problems, challenges and obstacles that might be in their way in the process of getting there. This is it, right? And this is how you come up with different angles talking about the very same message, but talking about it in different ways, so you don't feel like you're repeating yourself, because each angle that you take is essentially a building block that contributes to the ecosystem of someone understanding how you solve their problem. Okay, so all that you're doing because, like my core message still is the same, is that you need to have a brand identity message and presence in order to create a message that attracts clients consistently. But then I have to now foresee what are all the problems that might come up when someone actually wants to build a print a brand presence. So how do I include CTAs or pitches without feeling cringy or salesy in the process? Right? That's an obstacle. That's That's a block to helping them get to the actual results. Oh, here's another relevant one. I'm burnt out by always having to write content and show up all the time. How do I know my presence is being noticed by the right people? So what I taught you guys, let's say, last week, around rotating between the different content types and then being able to repurpose certain types and not having to always produce new things. That might be, that might be a post I could create that answers this question, what launch and funnel strategies are actually effective, and which should I implement to my business? My post yesterday could have addressed this, right? So, what are the blueprints? What are the frameworks, what are the templates I need to use to get clients? Well, hey, guess what? You don't actually need the templates. What you need is to be attuned to how you want to show up, and know what are the results that you want to get your clients, and then come up with a unique way of launching that actually feels good to you. Now I'm going to show you guys the spreadsheet that I promised, and like I said, I'm going to add this into the program, or maybe I'll add a link to it in the group or something, so that you guys can have access to this, but this is essentially kind of like your homework or the sheet that I want you to continuously refer back to when you're doing your market research, when you're writing your content, when you're trying to think of how to restructure things, or what to launch and how to launch. So I haven't necessarily gone through client archetypes yet, like I haven't officially taught that to you guys, but the gist of what I'm going to teach you here is that your clients either fall on a continuum or there's different archetypes that they have. And what I mean by archetypes is that oftentimes the block that we're feeling in our business is that we're only talking to one type of person, so we're probably talking to multiple different people, and people and people get confused where they say, well, but I thought, I'm not supposed to talk to multiple different people, because then I'm not niche down. And you guys know, my philosophy on niching is not that you're speaking to one specific person, you're speaking to a problem, and that could look different for various different people. So for example, client archetype one for me could be the newer business,

Speaker 1  1:19:24
the person who is really good at what they do, but they've never actually, like, really put a message out there. They've never really had a content strategy. They've never really done sales. They haven't worked with a lot of people, versus, let's say client. Archetype two is the person who has worked with a lot of people, but they're using very vague, broad terminology to describe what it is that they do. Maybe they're using the whole like unlock your potential type of language and wondering why people are not coming to them. Client archetype three might have a really good grasp on how to describe what it is that they do, but they feel like their leads just. Come to them randomly, like they haven't really established a good presence, or they're really stuck just teaching one type of content, like educational content, and that's it, and they haven't really taken the time to learn the different types of content. So for each of these archetypes, I have these questions up here. So what is the relevant problem or pain point in this client's current situation? What do they worry about or have questions around, what goals does this client have, or what are the desirable outcomes they think about short and long term? What does this client think they need to achieve these goals? What current beliefs and teachings are leading them astray, what fears and hesitations must that might this client have about changing their approach, right? So if I tell them, like, Hey, you have to actually let go of all the stringent launch blueprints that you've been following for the last couple of years that haven't been working. A lot of people might feel like, I feel safe with these, with these blueprints, because at least they give me structure and what I need to do, right? So how do I address that in my content, what current external obstacles stand in between them and changing how they approach their problems. So external obstacles, for me is like a lack of skill set, lack of knowledge, lack of team support, like, what is it that they're lacking that is actually stopping them to from getting from where they are now to where they need to be? What would be the proposed plan of action for this client? What specifically would you advise this person on? Now, not necessarily meaning that you need to come up with like a custom plan of action for each person, but what are the recommendations you would have for this particular archetype, what are some of the things that you think they would be best fitted for, or what are some of the solutions that they think that you think they need to focus on? First, what are the possible desired outcomes for this client if they follow your process? So if they actually follow through with the recommendations you make here, what are some of the potential desired outcomes they can get based on that? And then, which of your tools, resources or modalities would be most relevant to this client. So if you have specific lessons, if you have specific tools, if you have developed your own, you know, three phase process to do XYZ, you would want to put that in here. So again, like I said, this is a this is a working document, meaning it's not like, you fill it out once and you're like, All right, we're good to go. Anytime you get on with a new client who brings up a new challenge. Who brings up a new question? You can go and add it back here. Every time you look at a forum, an Amazon review, a master class, somebody else's website, whatever, and more ideas come to you you want to continuously add to this document. And the value in doing so is that eventually you have built up essentially this like hub for your messaging, where anytime you're feeling stuck on content, you can simply come back and refer back to this. And even though, like the question that usually comes up is, do I have to answer all of these in every post? And the answer is no. However, if you are writing like an offer post where I say you want to use tangible examples, or what does this desired outcome look like, or what is the process you would use with this person, instead of your brain short circuiting and being like, I don't know, you can always come back to this document and look at, well, what is it that this client archetype would actually benefit from? What is it that they would need? What is it that I would recommend for them? So this kind of becomes like your messaging hub, your messaging Bible for continual growth and refinement, and also, to give your brain a little bit of a break of having to come up with new things on the spot all the time, and instead, have them housed on on one kind of one document. Or it says, it amazes me that goes into copywriting I've been up for years, and I amaze me how much. Yeah, exactly. And, like I said, it's not something that I expect you guys to all master in one shot. Um, technically, I have a document like this for myself, right? And I'm a copywriter, like I'm someone who understands messaging. It's not like I need to refer back to a document, but it's really, really helpful in also qualifying my audience. I had a sales conversation with someone in the DMS yesterday where she was saying, you know, I really, really enjoy your post, and I really want to come into your program. But after talking to her for a little bit, I realized that she's not necessarily at the mindset level that I want her to be at, because she's still in the phase of feeling like she needs to chase leads or she's she hasn't necessarily embodied her message like she's still very much in this convincing energy. So I felt that she would be better off in an actual embodiment, energetics mindset program, rather than the strategy, because she was looking for the fastest hack, right? And I could tell by listening to the context of her, of her answers. She was saying, Well, I want to have 10k months. And I'm like, okay, great. How long have you been in business? Three months. Okay, so a little bit of impatience when it comes to that, what have you tried? And I could tell just by her methods and strategies, she was very, very new. And it's not that I don't believe that I can help this person. I actually do think that she would gain a lot of value from this program, but she wasn't necessarily at the level of being grounded enough in her own value. I felt that if she came into this program, I would have to actually be her chief. Leader into saying, like, No, you can do it. And that's not necessarily the caliber of person I want in the program, not that I don't want to help her. It just referring back to this document. She didn't necessarily fit into any of the client archetypes, right? So it was almost like she needed to take a baby neuro message program to get, like, grounded in her own value and her identity, before coming in to learn the tactics and strategies. So it becomes a really good way for you to create boundaries around who you're saying yes to, and getting really clear on who you're speaking to inside your program as well. Okay, so is that helpful in, like, creating a visual for you guys? Okay, good, because we're getting a little bit more into, like, the tangible stuff. But shivansa, is that available for us in the portal? In the portal? Yeah, so I'm going to have that sent to Tinley over tonight. It should be added into probably tonight or tomorrow, depending on what time it is for her. But yeah, it'll, it'll be added into the portal for you guys. All good. Kelsey, no problem. Glad you made it awesome. Um, okay, any quick questions before I do have to hop off for a live stream I'm doing, but any questions that I can answer, and I know that I said we're probably going to cover some more stuff, but we'll probably do a part two where I get into, like, the different levels of buyer awareness. I think that could be like a whole presentation on its own, but anything you two want to ask clarifying questions or Yeah, go for it. Just want to say, thanks. It's like, more and more of the dots continue to be connected, and I'm like, Why isn't this making sense? And I realized there's still, like, something there that needs to happen. And so I was questioning my ability after yesterday, and I was like, Maybe I'm not so good at this. Then I realized, actually, it doesn't all make sense to me, the way that my brain needs to process. And I'm like, actually, I really am good at this. It's like, taking what's here to make it tangible for my people. So I love the way that you teach and just how this is helping my brain to connect. Because I'm not here for the like, give me 10k runs right now. 20k months right now. It's like, like, let's, let's actually build something that sustains and feels grounded, and it feels messy in my head, but I can feel the parts coming together. So thank you for this, and thank you for sharing that, because I think that oftentimes we equate the messiness in our head with I'm not cut out for this, or something isn't clicking, and that's very commonly taught, especially in the marketing space, where it's like, well, all you need to do is XYZ, and then you'll get to this result. And it's like, if I don't have the XYZ figured out, that probably means I don't have what it takes to get to the results. And that is not true. It's that you're taking the time to actually become even deeply honed, even more deeply honed in your message, in how it is that you express yourself in how good you are at what you do. And that doesn't mean that I'm questioning how good you are, but you even getting even more deeply connected with like, why am I doing the thing that I do? What is it that I'm actually solving for people? And then it's like, well, how do I now communicate it, or articulate it in a way that actually makes sense? So you're doing your best, and this is a process, and you've only been in the program for a number of months now, believe me, it has taken me years to be able to distill down my thought process into like, taking action on posts and having them actually convert. So it is a process, and you're here to learn. So I'm glad, I'm glad it's clicking

Speaker 1  1:28:14
now, no problem. Or it says I can be here for hours again. I have to be doing this a few years now. Yeah, it's all good, and thank you. Of course, honestly, like, when I say come back to this continuously, I genuinely mean, like, once a week, it's kind of like when you're at the gym, right? I had this epiphany when I was working out today, and I was thinking to myself, like, your message is something that gets stronger, just as a muscle does. And if we do a couple of reps of an exercise and wonder why, like, why is the muscle not growing yet? Or why is it not looking the way that we want it to look? It's because it hasn't been given the repetition and the analogy. And the reason why the muscle analogy works for this is that if you stop working out a muscle, what's going to happen? It's going to it's going to shrink, right? It's not going to look as good. So a lot of people do messaging work, and they're like, Oh, I've nailed my message. I'm good. I can now just go and sell, but the message needs to be revisited constantly, just like how a muscle needs to be worked on. Just because you look very fit and healthy does not mean that you're going to stay that way if you stop working out. You also want to maintain it. So think of your messaging in that sense, and you'll never feel like, Oh, I'm behind, or like it's not clicking, or I'm not learning fast enough, or I should know this by now, because even someone like me, who's been it for nine years now, I'm still looking back at my messaging and looking at, how do I refine it? How do I further improve the potency of my posts? How do I get even deeper with my angles? So it's it's a process. All right, awesome guys. Well, thank you for joining and for staying. I know that we always go over time, but it's okay. I rather you guys kind of get all the knowledge, rather than cut you eyes off early. So we do have another call on Friday, if you guys can make it, but we're going to be talking about, like, how to break down posts and calls to action and stuff, because I think there's a lot of questions around like, specifically, like, how do I embed certain calls to action? In my post, and how do I make it not seem like an awkward transition? So I'll be breaking down a couple of posts, and hopefully you guys get a little bit more clear but or it says I'll be flying to Milan. No problem. It's going to be recorded, so you'll have access to the recordings and all that soon. All right, awesome guys. Well, take care. I'll see you guys later. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai