Speaker 1  00:13
Hello, hello and welcome you guys. I am super excited for today's session, because we're going to be diving into one of my favorite topics, aside from messaging, content creation and the psychology behind all of those things, and it is process and method creation as a personal brand and as someone who is leading your clients through some sort of transformational journey, it is imperative for you to have some sort of structured method or structured model or framework that you become known for in your space, especially today, where there's so many people that are offering the same things, making similar promises or competing on whose offer is priced better and what the inclusions are. What I really want to train you guys to do is to get out of that competitive nature of feeling like you need to compete with other people's claims and instead get really solidly grounded in what makes you different. And what I have learned over the years of my experience and even in my own personal business, is when you are competing with other people, the best thing that sets you apart is not just your personal story and who you are behind the scenes, but it's also the way that you have crafted your expertise to solve a very relevant problem for people. Now, chances are, of course, if you're in this program, you're likely very good at what it is that you do. You're an expert, you're, you know, a facilitator. You've taken a lot of time to crystallize what it is that you do with your clients and what are the problems that you solve. Or maybe you're getting clarity on that the more you're spending time inside this program in particular. But the problem now comes how do you position it in a way that is actually desirable, it actually solves a relevant need for people? Or in other words, how do you position yourself differently than other people in your field that can also promise the same thing. So, as I was saying, in my own personal experience and working with hundreds of personal brands, one of my favorite, favorite things to do with them is to help them craft their proprietary framework or their proprietary process. That instead, instead of helping them create, you know, differentiated messaging and content, we allow them to get really, really deeply convicted in their own intellectual property, and this intellectual property then becomes almost like the anchor point to their entire brand. So there's a couple of things that I see already floating around the internet when it comes to method and process creation. And chances are, if you've been in other programs before, or if you've, you know, taken messaging or taken any sort of like brand development or offer development type of program, they likely have covered figuring out what your unique process is, to some extent. But as you guys know how I think and how my brain works and how I usually approach things, I take a bit of an unconventional approach to what is typically taught meaning, if you've been in programs that have prompted you to map out a step by step process of what needs to happen exactly for your clients to get certain results, or how to create, like a very blueprinted, templated method of facilitating your client transformations. Or if you've been told that you need to come up with, like an acronym or something of the sort that is very relevant, but I'm going to prompt you guys to go even deeper with me today. So after today's session, well, first of all, I'm going to walk you guys through a couple of things that you really need to consider when you're developing your frameworks and processes. And then this session is going to be followed by a very practical workshop that I did with my dear friend and fellow Learning Designer, Emily Walker. Some of you are familiar with her already, so that you guys, you guys can hear it firsthand from somebody who has helped hundreds of experts and service providers build out their offers and their methods. And the one thing I want you guys to take away from this call itself, since this program is more specifically designed towards helping you really solidify that brand identity before we move into some of the more critical messaging, positioning and marketing pieces. I want you to think about this lesson in particular as helping you really solidify your area of expertise, because everything that you've been exposed to, and everything that you've learned so far has helped you kind of understand the different bits and pieces of what makes up your brand identity. But without this core piece, none of your messaging, marketing, sales, or even offer creation efforts are really going to land. We really want to make sure that as experts and as personal brands, we're creating a sustainable, solidified, concrete way that people can understand and digest the information or digest what it is that we stand for. You guys, oftentimes will hear me talking about the difference between me centered versus idea centered brands. So people who have created business. Businesses out of their own personal desire to, you know, stand out, get their expertise out there, monetize a skill set, versus the idea centered brands that really stand for something, they have innovated a solution that fits into a gap that they saw in their industry, or building a brand of actual substance. And what I mean by that is that you've developed a solution, a model, a method, you've developed something that you felt like was was genuinely solving something in your industry. And what we really want to make sure that we do is that we're not competing just on whose expertise is better, right? So how many, how many more years you've spent in business than your competitors, or how many more clients you've served, or how much more money you've made, and kind of looking at the competitive edge from this external standpoint, but instead, we want to internalize it and develop frameworks, models, intellectual property and brand concepts that allow us to become known for ideas, not just become known for who we are and what results we've gotten for others and how many years we've been in business, but what is the idea that we want to become known for? So that's why I just wanted to preface this session with I'm going to get into a couple of takeaways so that you guys know what to expect from today's session. So first and foremost, I'm going to help you guys understand how to go from intuitive genius to crystallite genius. And you've heard me mention these two terms, probably in the past, where I describe intuitive genius as you kind of you're sure about your skill set. You know that you're good at what you do. You know that you can get clients results if you had the right person in front of you, but the issue becomes, when you don't have this method or process that you feel really solid and grounded in, it almost feels like your genius is being delivered in this very intuitive way. Right? You get on with a client or a group of clients, and you kind of just guide the session through. What you intuitively feel feels good, and there's nothing wrong with that, but we know that when we want to start getting more confident in the results that we deliver, and we when we want to feel more convicted in our brand promise, we have to move away from intuitive genius and move towards crystallized genius, where now our ideas and everything that we do intuitively with our people can fit into some sort of concrete paradigm, and this is what's really going to help you feel solid in the transformation that you offer. Okay, so number two, next thing we're going to cover is we're going to help you encapsulate your work into a proprietary model or framework that becomes your intellectual property. And just to preface this with everything I said before, we want to make sure that you're building intellectual property on your expertise, your ideas, the problem that you solve, the result that you deliver, and the core ideas that you want to really become known for, so that you're no longer just competing on who can post the most frequently, but people actually come To you looking for your your specific model, or looking for that specific result that you deliver. And oftentimes we find it becoming a lot more difficult for you to be able to convey that if you haven't taken the time to create the solid model or the solid framework that becomes that intellectual property. Third thing we're going to cover today is we're going to understand the key differences between frameworks, methods and concepts, because they all play a very different role when it comes to your brand identity. And yes, they are all different, but unfortunately, I see these three terms being used interchangeably in the market space. So I see people talking about frameworks when they're talking about methods or methodologies when they're talking about concepts, and for many of you, I'm willing to bet, even in this program today, you're probably thinking that all of those things mean the same thing, but there are key differences, and understanding the differences will actually help you understand how to craft each one of them in their own respective way and be able to incorporate them in your brand in a way that actually elevates your credibility and trust, rather than not. The fourth thing we're going to go into is how to create a repeatable, tangible way to facilitate results for your clients, to to increase your credibility and your trust. So going back to the point that I just made right now about the difference between frameworks, methods and concepts, just because you have a visual or a framework or some sort of process that is pre existing in your business does not necessarily mean that you have a repeatable, tangible way to get your clients results. So as we kind of understand the differences between these two, I want you guys to really understand that the importance of actually having a tangible way of facilitating client results, even if it doesn't happen in order. What I mean by that is not every client that comes to you might have to go through a step one, step two, step three. It might be more fluid than that, but we do want to make sure that we have some sort of concrete method or process that has become proprietary to us. So. The last thing we're going to cover today is basically narrowing down your unique mechanism,

Speaker 1  10:05
core concept and method, so that you can extract content from it. Because, as we know, your your content, your messaging and your marketing is not just out there to get clients and to, you know, convince them of why they need to work with you. Your content and your messaging is all stemming out of your expertise and what it is that you want your people to know about what you solve and what transformation you deliver. And oftentimes we find that when people don't actually have a solid idea of what their unique mechanism is or what this core concept or method or framework is that they want to become known for, it becomes increasingly difficult to go out there and produce content or put out messages that actually resonate with their people. In worst case scenarios, people also feel that they're extremely scattered with their content and with their messaging ideas. You might resonate with this where you feel like you're just you have all of these ideas, you have all of these things in your mind that you want to talk about, but there doesn't seem to be a structured way or some sort of organized way that you can do so your messaging or your marketing efforts right now might just feel like you're throwing spaghetti at the wall and hoping that something sticks with people you know you have maybe a note section full of ideas that you have yet to execute on, or Maybe you have executed on it, but it just feels like fragments of thought. It feels abstract. It doesn't really feel like there's a cohesive connectedness between all of it. So in your process of developing a method or developing a framework, you will soon be able to see the through line between all of these scattered ideas and messages that you want to put out there, and you get to see how to tie all of that back to this one core concept, or the multiple core concepts that your brand is going to be known for. So in a way, by having a method or a framework in place, it informs all of your marketing efforts, so that marketing feels less like you're just randomly putting posts out there and hoping people would buy and it feels a lot more like it's an organized, structured and intentional way of approaching your your sales process. Okay with that being said, Before we dive into the actual content, I want to add a quick little disclaimer here, and that disclaimer goes without saying that not all of you will be able to put what I'm going to be teaching today into use right away. There definitely will be some of you that are still in that experimentation phase of what you solve, how to position yourself, what to call yourself, what are the exact problems you're going to be resolving? What are those outcomes that you want to facilitate for your clients. And so if you're in that, like pre branding, really kind of like maybe pivoting out of another industry, pivoting your niche, pivoting your offers, or just like reinventing yourself phase, take this lesson as something that you will be working towards. So this doesn't mean to disregard this and don't watch it, or go watch other things and come back. It just simply means, I want you guys to understand that having a method or framework is important, but is not absolutely crucial. And as a matter of fact, it's probably better for you to go out and experiment a little bit with what you know without having this like very rigid method in place so that it can inform how you want to develop this method and framework. So the way I want you to think about it is like it might be something that you come back to later, when you have more clarity on the different elements of your brand, of your identity, of your message. And maybe right now is just a time for you to gather client data. Maybe you have certain ideas that you want to be known for, or certain things that you want to solve, and you just have no idea how people are going to receive it. You don't have an offer that you've maybe crafted yet, and that's perfectly fine. I just want you to take this lesson as something that you park and come back to later where you have a little bit more data, where you have a little bit more confidence or clarity on the direction you want to take your brand, and then you can finally make use of everything you're going to learn today. So that's my disclaimer for any of you that are going to feel maybe that what we're going to learn today is going to put their heads for a spin, or maybe it's a little bit too advanced. I don't want you to get the feeling that what I'm saying is you need to have this in place in order for your brand to be successful, what I'm trying to say is you want to make sure that at some point in your branding journey, or in your business building journey, you start thinking about the development of intellectual property rather than just writing content or, you know, just putting together offers and hoping it's going to sell. The way to really position yourself differently is to become known for certain solidified ideas and certain solidified concepts. So we'll get into all of that and how to develop it, but don't feel the pressure to

Speaker 1  14:50
have to have this figured out right now. All right. With that being said, let's dive into the content. I've taken a couple of notes, so I'll be referring. Back to those notes, and I'm going to share my screen in a little bit, just to show you guys a couple of walkthroughs and examples of what I'm going to talk about. But the very first thing I wanted to cover here is to understand why most experts today fail to stand out, and the diagnosis that I'm giving to that as a whole is the lack of a branded ideology. So we just talked about the importance of going from intuitive wisdom or intuitive genius to crystallized genius, which basically means going from Hey, I know I'm an expert. I know what it is that I do. I know I'm good at getting my clients results, but I don't necessarily have a method or process that does that. I'm just very intuitive, like people sit in front of me and I know exactly what I need to do. I was very much in that space when I transitioned out of done for you, copywriting to messaging, work two completely different fields. Obviously, my work within copywriting helped me a lot in becoming a messaging strategist, but when I first started, I knew I was really good at extracting messages out of people, and I knew I was really good in helping them become more confident in communicating what it is that they do. I just had no idea how I did it. So if you were to ask me like Hermes, how do you clarify how do you help someone go from unclear messaging to clear messaging, I wouldn't know what to tell you. I just knew that I was good at it. So many of you fall into this category, and I know that many of you, many of you have expressed that as well. So what we want to do is go from that which is intuitive genius to crystallize genius, which a couple years down the line, after I had worked with a number of people, one on one, after I had taken on a couple beta clients and kind of tested some of my methods and strategies, and really kind of understood what the problems were that people were coming to me for. Then I moved towards crystallized genius. And crystallized genius wasn't the same as having a branded framework or a method or a a step by step process. All that it meant was that I knew that when clients come to me, there was like these six core things that we would have to get clear on. And I don't remember right off the top of my head what they were in order, but it was something like, You need to understand your ideal client. You need to understand what you're offering. You need to understand your brand values. You need to understand, you know, the core method or process that you use. So it was like six different things that I knew would happen when I worked with clients. Now, again, this is in the very beginning phases of me developing my own branded ideology. But now I had moved away from intuitive genius to branded or sorry, intuitive genius to crystallized genius. But now what I needed to do is to make that branded genius. This is the difference between just crystallized genius and branded genius. Branded genius is when it is so unique to you that nobody else could claim that they offer the exact same thing. So when I had my crystallized genius on paper, which basically meant that I had six things or six areas that I would work on with clients when they came to me, but any other messaging, positioning or marketing coach could technically take those six things and be like, I do that as well. I also help you get clear on your ideal client. I also help you get clear on your core offering. I also help you get clear on, you know, your brand values. So there was nothing that made it unique to me. It was just that I felt more confident in explaining what it was that I did with my clients, because now I had it written in front of me. So the next step I had to take was to take all of this and put it into some sort of branded ideology, which means I needed to come up with my own terms, my own visual diagram, my own way of explaining it, and my own definitions around what is what is it that I do when I work with my clients? So we are now all, all of us, collectively. If you're in this program, you're part of this we are all in a very sophisticated market when it comes to online education, transformation facilitators, course creators, experts, like everyone that is in the online value exchange space, and we can all say that we deliver the same results. But while everyone is competing on whose promise is the shiniest or whose offer is the most irresistible, the way to stand up from that crowd is to have some for a form of branded ideology, not just crystallized ideology, but branded ideology that encapsulates what you do differently than everybody else in your field, that can also go through the same steps, or that can also facilitate the same results for their clients. Because the reality is, people are not paying for information. They're paying for insight, and here's the difference between the two. Information is everything that I just said, that I can do in those six pillars, if people were resourced enough, they could go and figure out how to do that themselves. They could go to any practitioner, to any coach, and would get the same results if they were only looking to get clarity on their ideal client and get clarity. On their brand values. Many people could do that. So it's information, but what they were paying for or what they wanted to pay for, what people do pay for today is not just how to they're paying for your unique wisdom and your unique insight. So what I realized is that people are not just coming to me to clarify their message, because every other marketing professional could also claim that they can help them clarify their message, what they were doing was, or what they were paying for was, my unique approach to helping them clarify their message they were paying for, the way I was prompting, or the way I was helping them craft brands of real substance, the way that I was prompting them to think deeper about their problem, the way that I was helping them extract certain ideas that helped position them in ways that they hadn't thought of before. So they weren't just paying for the information, or they weren't just paying for my process. They were paying for my unique, branded way of solving that problem. So you can be a wealth of knowledge in whatever field that you're in, whether it's health, business, personal development, relationships, like any field, you can be a wealth of knowledge, but without much structure around what exactly is it that you do, and how is it that you facilitate transformation? And what is it exactly about how you do it that makes it uncopyable like it, makes it truly branded to you. It is both confusing to you and your clients on how to position yourself and your work in a way that is desirable. That is likely why you might get clients that come to you, because maybe they resonate with your content, maybe they resonate with your message or with your presence, and they come price shopping, right? They come in they want to see how much of a discount they can get. They might ask you if you're being flexible with your pricing. They might ask for testimonials, or they might ask to speak to previous clients. And what all of this is saying is that they haven't fully, yet deepened that trust that you and your method or your way of doing things is actually going to be viable for them. They're looking to be convinced. They're looking they're like shopping around to see who can, who can solve my my problem best. This problem gets completely eradicated when you have branded ideology, especially when it comes to feeling solid in your brand or in your method, or, you know, in in being able to communicate the value of what you do, your method or your brand concept is quite literally like the glue that holds together your offer, your message, your audience and your promise, because without that glue holding it together, it becomes really difficult to know exactly who you're speaking to, what you're promising, how exactly you deliver results, and why they would want to choose your way of doing that over everybody else's Now another reason why you might want to might why you might want To put your body of work into a branded methodology is to not be viewed as a commodity in your field. And this kind of piggybacks off of the point that I just made, if you are just positioning yourself as a health coach, a business coach, a branding person, a service provider, a copywriter with the same title and the same promise as everybody else, there's nothing that creates differentiation between you and others. So what? And I mean, we know that we've just covered that, but what's happening here is when you haven't yet thought about not just your title, but what is it about your unique method of facilitating results that goes against conventional norms in your industry or in your field, then people automatically just position you as a something, without having any sort of emotional tie to what makes you different. So I'm not just a messaging strategist. I'm a messaging strategist that has these values. And if you guys remember when we talk about like having this like core message that you're known for, and then like the brand amplifiers, or like the adjacent message of, how is it that you now enforce that core message? How is it that you deliver on that psi? What is your unique approach and way of doing it that makes you different than other people. Your branded methodology or your framework now serves as a concrete way to be like, well, here's how I do it. So what do you do that others don't what are some of the approaches, beliefs, values, perspectives that you hold that not everybody can say they do. So this can really help your your brand, differentiate itself from the from the crowd. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  24:51
Last thing I'm going to this is for those of you who are feeling like

Speaker 1  24:58
you have a little. Bit of a wobble, or even how you are explaining what you do to clients, whether it's one on one, or if you're, let's say, on a call, or if you're like at a networking event. Many of you have said that you know you feel good about the results that you offer, but then the moment it comes to actually expressing that and being able to translate that in a sales conversation, you get tripped up, or you become increasingly like careful with the word choice, and then you start to stumble on, you know, how do I say this in a way that makes sense to them? Or how do I not go on this really long tangent to explain the power of my work? And this is why so many of you have gotten so stuck on like I need to have, like that one elevator pitch I help statement that encapsulates all that I do, and it becomes increasingly hard, and it feels very limiting to feel like you have to put everything that you do into a single sentence. Having a branded concept actually helps do that for you, without the pressure of you feeling like you need to put everything into a single sentence, or an elevator pitch or an I help statement to get the message across so to convey what you do with clarity and confidence. What you want to do is to be able to explain the depth of your work through a framework, without having to go on and on and on with like paragraphs and paragraphs of why your work is needed, why it's important, who would benefit from it, and sounding kind of like long winded and confusing. So if you get a DM or if you know someone comes into your your DMS, or you get on a sales call with someone who is interested in working with you and they want to understand the scope of your work better. If you're lacking a core methodology or some sort of proprietary system that you can walk them through, it can actually be a factor in them losing trust or not fully understanding why they need to work with you. Like what would be the benefit? What I've noticed between clients of mine who have a branded ideology versus clients who don't have a branded ideology is that the ones who have the branded ideology come off a lot more calm, cool, collected, detached from needing to convince the client or the prospect on why they would need to work with them. And the reason for this is because they have taken the time to craft some sort of process or framework that they can stand in and be like, this is this is what I do. This is exactly what I use to get my clients results, versus the ones who don't have this branded ideology, or the ones who are still in a place of like, intuitive genius, where they're like, I know I'm good at what I do, but I just, I can't really put it into some sort of concrete method. They come off a lot less confident. And they're likely the ones who either will ramble on, will not really listen, will kind of give off this, like convincing energy, or will not feel like the the sales conversation is, is in this, like natural flow. So again, not that like sales and sales and sales conversations is within the scope of this program, but what I want you guys to recognize is the importance of having some sort of branded ideology that really encapsulates your genius, so that it's not just intuitive and it's not just crystallized, right? Because crystallization, anyone can take the same steps or the procedures that you use, and just say, Yep, I do that as well. We want it to be branded like we really want it to be your unique way of doing it. So what we really want when we're communicating with our ideal prospects is what I call absolute conviction, which stems from when we know how our process is used to get results, how to explain it in a way that people desire it, and how to how to be able to clearly losing my English clearly illustrate how what it is that we do is relevant to their already existing goals. So this also gives your clients their and their brains like a very easy, implementable way to digest and understand the scope of your work and why they would want to access it. So the one thing that you can create to have absolute conviction is a branded ideology, which means translating your intuitive genius, which is your wisdom, insights, experience, body of work, tools, like everything that you do that has translated now into your products and services, into some form of visible, crystallized, branded genius, where people can now look at it and be like, Oh, that's what she does for me. And I'm going to share my screen a bit like I said. I'm going to give you guys a couple of, like, tangible examples of what this looks like. So if you have a lot of intuitive genius right now, and you're feeling a little bit like, Yeah, this is kind of what I need. I can't really fully encompass everything that I do in a single sentence, and maybe your prospects don't understand, or you feel like you're using a lot of energy to have to explain it. This is, this is going to help you. Want to add tangibility to the work that you do. That is the key that I want you. Guys to remember from this entire call is that it's not about having this beautiful diagram, right? Where people are not buying your diagram. What they're buying is the tangibility and the clarity of the transformation so that they understand why they would actually want to invest in it in the first place. Okay, so we're going to teach you guys how to do that today. Okay, let's get into it. Feel like I've been talking for like half an hour, and that was just like the preface of all of this. So you guys will often hear me talking about having a unique mechanism or a unique modality, and I want to really clarify what this means, and also for you guys to start thinking about, like, what your unique mechanism is, or what the unique modality is that you yourselves use when you are working with clients. So when I say, or when I asked my clients, you know, what is it that you do? What? What like, what, what? What is it that you use in your business? Or what is the the core idea or tool behind your business? I'll hear a bunch of things, like coaching, nervous system work. I'll hear subconscious rewiring, right? Holistic nutrition, messaging. So all of those are mechanisms, and all of those are modalities. But do you guys see how these are very all encompassing terms that describe the mechanism that you use to facilitate the transformation, but they aren't really specific enough to the way you do it, meaning when I say subconscious rewiring, can you think about all of the people that exist in the online space that can also make that claim and say, I also do subconscious rewiring, or all of the holistic nutritionists that exist? And you know, they all have different realms of expertise and different levels of experience and different types of clients they work through. So just by positioning yourself as a holistic nutritionist or a subconscious rewiring person or a manifestation coach, it's not enough to allow people to really understand the depth of the work, so we want to add tangibility to it. So what does this mean? Instead of thinking about your work from the overarching mechanism of what you do, I want you guys to consider the unique modalities and the methods that help you facilitate that result. So if you are, if you're a holistic nutritionist that helps people go from feeling unhealthy to healthy, how can you claim your domain of specialty within that. So for example, I've written down a couple of examples of things I've actually actively worked on with clients. So instead of just saying I'm a coach or I'm in the coaching industry, you can say that you have a holistic approach to coaching that takes into account physiology and thought work. And again, this is just step one of developing your framework Right? Like this is not this is not the framework itself. Or instead of saying I'm a nervous system practitioner, you can say that I have a two phase nervous system recalibration. For those that are in nervous system freeze and collapse, so, very specific to the scope of problem that you're solving. Instead of talking about subconscious rewiring, you can say that I have a custom EFT so emotional freedom technique and affirmation combo to get to the root of subconscious beliefs and address them in a way that they don't come back. Instead of saying you're a holistic nutritionist, you can say that you have your own proprietary five step gut restoration protocol to remove food sensitivities once and for all. And lastly, you can be a messaging strategist like myself, but maybe you have a four step messaging distillation process to know how to communicate your offers with ease. So this is just again, step one of planting the seed in your mind to start thinking about what it is that you do and what it is that facilitates your Client Results differently, because you see how these examples that I just illustrated are so much more specific to exactly what makes each mechanism unique to you, because anyone can offer coaching, messaging, somatic work, nervous system work, holistic nutrition, but you have to develop your own way of approaching it so that it can help you stand out. And here's the other thing about this that I think is appealing to many people is important for intellectual property development. When you're developing a framework or a method or a process or some sort of branded concept, once you have one that genius like that thing, because becomes an entity of its own. It becomes its own concept. It becomes its own thing. And what's beautiful about that is that you now have a piece of legacy or a contribution to your field that is not just your expertise.

Speaker 1  34:37
This is how I think about it. You guys are all familiar with Maslow's hierarchy of needs. I'm I'm sure you are. Maslow is long gone. Maslow does not exist anymore, but his contributions to the field of psychology do. And even if I were to ask you guys to, like, name some of Maslow's papers, or name some of Maslow's books, or name some personal. Details about Maslow's life, you guys wouldn't be able to really recite them to me unless Maslow was someone that you deeply studied. But when I say Maslow's hierarchy of needs, I'm willing to bet almost everybody in this program has either heard of it or can probably verbalize what his hierarchy of needs is, because it is now a widespread concept that is both used in psychology and marketing and in very various different fields. Use it for various different reasons. But notice how he has now created a legacy with this branded framework that a makes it really simple for people to remember and understand his contribution and what he's done and the importance of it. And B, he's now created a way for people to take his work and continue on with his work, even when he's not here anymore. And again, not every, every single one of you are looking to create some sort of, like, massive legacy with your brand. I understand that. But just an important note for intellectual property creation is that it's a lot less about just like, Oh, I've created this thing, and look how smart I am, or, ooh, I've created this thing, and now my clients have this tangible way of going through and getting results. And it's so much more about actually having this concept that you become known for, like this now becomes your your core thing, that that people come to you for, and that can live on and can take different shapes and different forms, the more your brand expands. Another really important note on this when it comes to intellectual property development, is some of you might want to go on later on in your business and develop certifications and develop ways that you can license your expertise for other people to now be able to go out and do things under the expertise or under the the licensing of your brand. Again, we're thinking big vision here, but I want you guys to really entertain this for a second. For example, if I had my own building a neuro brand certification, or neuro message certification for other messaging, positioning marketing strategists that wanted to learn my methods and my ways and then go out and teach their own clients. I would have to have some sort of branded ideology. I would have to have some sort of tangible structure around what it is that I do. So I want you guys to think bigger when it comes to your your framework creation, it's a lot less about like, Oh, now I have a pretty diagram and it helps me stand out, or Ooh. Now I have something to post on Instagram or on my website or sales page or whatever, and it's so much more about what that piece of intellectual property represents. It is something that nobody can take away from you. It is what makes your brand uncopyable. It what make it's what makes people really understand what you stand for, how you solve it, what? What makes it important, and it makes your brand more memorable and relevant to the right people. So couple of things to recap before we move on to the actual exercises. So the reason to have a structured model or a structured framework is, number one, it acts as a blueprint for the brain so that people can easily grasp the value that you deliver. When people can see a concept visually explained, they can understand it better. If I use the Maslow example just now, if Maslow didn't have his hierarchy of needs, which, again, has been systematically designed so that we remember it's, that's, it's a hierarchy. If he just had, like, you know, the the five or six needs that every human has, it became a lot harder for people to understand, right, and to recall and to remember it. But because he's now put it in some sort of structured framework, it's a lot easier for people to recall the importance of the hierarchy of needs, and now people know him for the hierarchy of needs. So we want to make sure that we're adding visual language. We're adding visual components to the way that we describe our work, so that people don't just, you know, remember the facts and the figures and the words, but they actually they remember that the visual components of it. Fun fact here, the brain processes information. I think it's like 83% of information actually somehow goes through the optic nerve, which means that the more visual we can make things, the easier it is for it to remember and hint. Hint. For those of you who kind of learn messaging from me as well, you'll also see that oftentimes I will give feedback to people saying that we want to make this language more visual, like Can you can you describe it in a way that people can see themselves going through that can they visualize themselves in their day to day? And the reason for it is because the more visually we can explain stuff, the more people will remember. Okay, so number two reason why we want to do this is because it gives you what I call conceptual superiority. And I know that's kind of a bit of an ego based term, but when you have a concept that you've developed, it automatically positions you as different and more desirable, because you have something that you can base your trust and credibility into. And it's very clear why clients would want to pick you when you have some sort of branded ideology that becomes like your your core thing that this becomes a thing that you're becoming known for. The third thing is that this, this removes you from the equation, and it gives your genius its own identity or its own entity. So again, as your brand grows and as your brand develops, you might have this core. Structured framework that becomes a mini program of its own. Or you might have a deeper mentorship program. You might have a certification program. You might have a retreat that only focuses on one element of the multiple elements in your framework, so it just gives you so much more creative flexibility to do things with your brand that removes you from the equation, like it's not just your brain that your clients are reliant on. You now have a system that is repeatable, and if other people were to come into your business, whether it's team members or if it's affiliates, or if it's people that you certify, and others you know get to teach your teachings, you now have a conceptual way to be able to certify them in those skills. And the last two things here is that it gives you a way to tie all the various components of your expertise into one core concept. Many of you join this program because one of the things you said is that you feel like you don't want to pigeonhole yourself to become known for just one thing. You don't want to just be the nutrition person or the nervous system person, and although it's important, obviously, for brain, our brains, to be able to categorize us and like which bucket we fall into, having a framework gives you the flexibility to be able to tie in the various components of your expertise into one concept, and allow yourself The flexibility of being able to talk about multiple things, as long as people understand their relation to one another. For some of you have known me for this long, others don't, but back in 2018 I wrote a book, and it was called the peak performance advantage. And the entire premise behind the book is that there's three core pillars to what I call peak performance. That was my branded concept. Like peak performance was the branded concept behind the book. And it was like, You need to have, like, an optimized physical state and optimized mental state and an optimized productivity, your environmental state. And basically every chapter of the book went through the different components of how to optimize your physiology, how to optimize the mind and how to optimize your environment so that you can reach peak performance. Now, each one of those pillars of that model were all based in different domains, right? So, like the physiology was health, biohacking, functional medicine, I had a really big background in health, and that was one of the key reasons for including that one, the mind aspect was my psychology background, and really understanding positive psychology and understanding the need for people to have these mindset tools and the deeper kind of elements of subconscious rewiring and whatnot. And then there was a productivity element, which I learned from being an entrepreneur. So how do you maximize your time and your energy, and how do you maximize your environment to be conducive to productivity. So do you see how I was able to tie in all these various elements of my expertise into one core concept of peak performance, and I wrote a book from it, I launched a program about it, and obviously that was a past life, so I don't not doing that anymore. But what that allows you to see is that when you have some sort of guided framework, it allows you to tie in all these multiple parts of what it is that you do without feeling like you need to pigeonhole yourself into one thing. I wasn't just known for the health person, the productivity person or the mindset person. I was known as the person who allowed you to reach peak performance, which I had my own definition around. And very lastly, it gives you a grounded sense of confidence and conviction around the results that you provide, and that itself helps direct all of your marketing and your messaging, because everything that you put out there that is meant to position you as the authority, or meant to position you as someone who can help facilitate a result or calls out a problem or raises people's awareness around what you do, you now actually have a core methodology or something that you can tie it back to, so you're giving like frame and structure to your genius, rather than just relying on your brain and your words and your content to convey the message or to facilitate the transformation for you. All right, so let's

Speaker 1  43:57
get into the difference between the different types of branded ideology and the role they each play in your brand. So I mentioned there's three things, three. I said three. Mentioned there's three things. There is your framework or methodology that's one, there is your process or method that's two, and then there's branded concepts or proprietary coined terms. And as I said, these three things are often used interchangeably in the marketing branding offer building space, and they're all very, very different things. And I, I hope, after today's call, you guys kind of understand how they each play into each other and the importance so the very first one is your framework and your methodology. Your framework or methodology is essentially the overarching philosophy or approach that you take in your business. So with the example that I just gave around, you know, peak performance, my overarching framework was these three pieces of having an optimized physiology, an optimized mind and an. Optimized environment. This wasn't my method, okay? So like, if I had clients that came to me, this wasn't a method that I deployed. This was the overarching idea that encapsulated my body of work. That's how I want you guys to think about your method, your methodology, or your framework. It encapsulates your body of work. So if someone were to come a new person, and take a look inside your business and understand what it is that you do, if you had to create some sort of visual around what it is exactly that you do with your people, could they understand it? And again, I'm going to give you, give you guys examples and a couple of questions for homework to know how to craft that method or that, sorry, that framework and methodology. But I don't want you guys to think that your framework or methodology is a step by step process that your clients go through. That's the next one, which is your process or method. So your process or your method, those are the exact steps, the tools, or, you know the specific modalities, the specific things that you do to facilitate the transformation. So when someone comes to you, how do you take them from point A to point B? What is required for them to learn, unlearn, shift, change, actions. They need to take homework. They need to do tools. They need to implement tactics. You need them to execute on. Like, what are the actual things that need to happen to help them grow from point A to point B? That is probably where most people start. And I actually would argue that's probably where most business programs are focused on. Is like, what is your what is your process? What is your method, and it's necessary. Not everyone is always going to have a process or method when they first start off in business, and I think this is where people stall themselves for years, instead of going out and taking action and testing their ideas and putting things out there that they know is going to be helpful, and then taking on maybe a small amount of clients, whether it's small group or one on one, and take treating this as like the experimentation beta phase of their brand, they get too caught up in like, I need to have this perfected process, or I need to have this perfected method that can guarantee results before I can go out and promote myself, or Before I can go out and make these big promises, your method and your process is developed in conjunction with you, working with clients, with you, experimenting and with you systematically moving away from intuitive genius to crystallized genius, just like how I shared in the beginning when I transitioned into messaging coaching or messaging strategy. I had no idea how I was getting clients results. I just knew that I would ask them some questions and I would give them some exercises, and all happened just like intuitively. But what was happening is that I was I was making these micro decisions along the way of what people needed based on the problems that they would bring to me. And what that helped me do over time is I became a pattern recognition machine. Because when I worked with, let's say, 18 clients, roughly, give or take one on one, I would start to take note of like, what are the problems that they're all coming to me for? What are all like? What are the roadblocks that almost every single person is going through? What are some of the common challenges? What are some of the questions that maybe come up over time? And I started noticing patterns in all of these people. And so in helping them go from totally scattered, totally unclear, from their mess or on their message, to being fully clear and like, okay, that's the thing that I do, I was able to craft this step by step. You know, six step process that went from Oh, okay, so when they don't have a clear message, it's because they're not fully clear on who they're speaking to. And so step one of my method probably has to focus on the ideal client. Once they have the ideal client, now we really got to understand, like, what is the actual value of their program, or what's the value of their offer? Okay? So maybe step two, I'm going to focus on offer, but notice how it wasn't solidified. I allowed myself to be in that experimentation, messy phase of listening to what people's problems were, listening to what their issues were, and then being able to slowly move them up this process while I was in response, developing tools and exercises and things that actually help them get the results. So your process and method might take a while for you to develop, and it might take a number of client interactions or market research to actually really master. Like, what do you actually do with your clients to facilitate the transformation? So allow yourself to be in that messy face, okay, even the ignition of this program in particular, I didn't just wake up one day and say, oh, I need to put this program together. It just It all came to me in my sleep. It came to me out of years and months of listening to my audience, listening to what people were saying in the DMS, reading what people were saying on their intake forms when they wanted to work. With me and experimenting with people at different levels, whether I was working with them one on one, or if I was guest coaching in somebody else's program, I was listening and inquiring like, Okay, what is it that they're actually needing from me at this point in time and over time, I looked back and I'm like, Hmm, these are all the things that I help my clients with. How do I now structure this into a process, which then turned out to be this program, okay? And the last one is your branded concept or your proprietary coined term. So a branded concept is not a methodology, it is not a framework, it is not a process. It is simply a coined term or an idea that you become known for So earlier on this call, I mentioned branded ideology. That term is something I've coined together to describe having some sort of framework. And again, I'm not the only person in the market that talks about having a framework, but when I talk about branded ideology, everything that I've talked about and covered on the call so far is

Speaker 1  51:03
basically talking about the importance of having some form of branded ideology. And so that's a that's a branded concept. Another branded concept that I talk about on a regular basis is the importance of building presence equity, right? You might, you guys might have seen some content pieces I've shared about this, but the the idea behind having presence equity is making sure that you are showing up over time, making deposits with your with your message, and instead of looking at every single piece of content as an opportunity for you to have ROI or to get clients or have people signing up, you're just simply building your equity and Building Your presence on these platforms, post by post by post by post, your message essentially now becomes an ecosystem. By the way, your message ecosystem is another branded concept that that I've coined. So essentially, what presence, equity and message ecosystem mean is that you are building this body of work. You are consistently contributing to this body of work, not putting pressure on each individual content piece to provide you with you know income or bring in clients, but rather, when your clients land on your platforms, regardless of which you know platform you're on, they're able to consume your entire body of work and go, Wow. This person is the exact person I've been looking for this person has a solution that I need. This person has the values or the things that I I want to embody myself. So that's a branded concept. It's basically just a term that you've put together and you've given it your own definition. And you can have multiple coined terms or multiple brand concepts, as you guys can see, I have plenty of them across both of my programs. So I want you guys to start thinking about your own branded concepts. And again, we're going to get into it a little bit later on, on how how you can do that. But now I want to give you guys a couple of examples for both programs that I currently have running right now. So we have building a narrow brand which is far more focused towards the brand who wants to learn how to develop that conviction, how to develop that solid brand foundation so that they can build a sustainable business on and then I have neuro message, which is for the person who already has that that solid brand, but is looking to elevate the way that they're communicating, articulating their value and bringing in clients on a regular basis. So let me just share my screen right here. So this very first diagram that you guys see, this is the framework behind building a neuro brand. And I'm sure you've seen this. So the the framework, again, remembering that framework essentially means that it is your overarching philosophy, your overarching encapsulant of your body of work. The framework for this program in particular, is based on three core ideologies, relevance, essence and differentiation. So philosophically, when I'm approaching how to build a brand, this is my branded concept, or my branded way of approaching the problem of you don't have a solid brand foundation. I talk about the importance of cultivating and doing research on demand, building a solid identity within yourself and what your brand stands for, and then having a solution that actually gets people results. So this lesson, for example, right now that you guys are learning around building your unique process or building your unique framework, this would fall into the differentiation category, because this is what helps you differentiate yourself than other people. The relevance aspect is when we were talking about, let's say, the demand capture versus demand creation, or when we're talking a little bit more about, like, what is the category that your brand falls into, the brand identity piece. This is where we get into, like, your your brand's essence, like, what do you stand for? What are some of the ideas you want to become known for, and stuff like that. So the overarching framework of building a neuro brand is these three elements. Now, once you have these three elements in place, that's where you get into the middle here, which is my branded concept of being a. Neuro brand. That's another coined term that I've created. What does being a neuro brand stand for? Well, neuro is an acronym that stands for nuanced, expressed, uncopyable, relevant and Omni serving. That is my idea of a successful brand. What? What does a brand do? Well, it's nuanced. It's not just black and white. There's there's, it covers the details. It's expressed. So it's not afraid of, of taking a stand in its industry. It expresses what they're for, what they're against. It's uncopyable because, as you guys are learning right now, when you have a branded ideology or a branded framework, you become uncopyable because, essentially, there's only one way or that your way of solving problems is, is the way that you do it. Nobody else can take this framework and replicate it and make it theirs. This is now branded to you. It's relevant. So it's solving something that is actually needed in the market. And it's Omni serving, which means that it's coming from a service based attitude first, not a monetization based and scaling. And how do I make money? As fast as possible, it's Omni serving. So we're looking to serve before we're looking to make asks to purchase. Now, here's here's the second piece of this. This is the methodology and framework. This is the branded concept. Now, here is the method and process that I actually help execute with my clients. So how do I get them to go from point A to point B, which remember the point A was, I don't feel solid and convicted in my brand identity. Two, I feel really good about my brand identity. Here's how I do it. Module One, uncovering your specialization. Module Two, building demand. Module Three, distilling your unique process. Module Four, landing on your brand essence and module five, messaging your transformation. This is my proprietary process. Okay, this is my proprietary way of getting you guys results. And as you go through the program, obviously, under each one of these modules, there's plenty that I teach. So currently, right now, let's say we're in module three, distilling your unique process. As you guys see, there's there's multiple teachings and multiple things that I'm doing underneath each module, which again, make this unique to me. But there's a method, like, there's, there's a method to the madness. There's, you don't just come into this program and I'm like, okay, so you don't have a clear brand. You want to have a clear, clear brand. Let's just talk about it, and hopefully your brand will clarify. The more we talk about it, or the more we have group discussions. I actually have a method around or a structure around how I'm helping you clarify your brand identity. It's not random. I've thought it through, and this is now my branded way of doing it. So to recap, we have the framework, which is the overarching philosophy of how I'm approaching brand building. I have a branded concept, which is, once you do all this, you become a neuro brand. And I have a method for building a newer brand. Like, how do you actually do it? Well, these are my modules. And again, this has been the result of multiple months and years of experimentation, of speaking to people, of solving problems and really being able to capture like, what is it exactly that this offer in particular does? Now let's look at one more example. This is for Neuro message. So very similar, three part Venn diagram, but now that the pieces are different. So again, this is the overarching framework that I use. What we do inside neuro message, we is we start with your brand identity. And although, you know, we do a lot of brand identity work in this program, I noticed that when people come into neuro message, if they're not super solid in what it is that they want to become known for and how they convey it, how they communicate it, it becomes really hard to move on to the messaging component of stuff. So we do a very brief recap of what it looks like to have a solid brand identity. And what that does is that it gives you that solid conviction. And this is who I am. This is what I do. This is what I solve Next, we move on to the brand message, and this is communication. So now that you know who you are and what you do, how do you communicate that in a way that is compelling, in a way that is sexy, in a way that gets the right people to understand the scope of what you do and why they would buy from you. And then once you feel really solid and confident in your message and how to convey it and how to create posts. Then we get into brand presence, which is, how do you build a community? How do you actually build a presence that naturally attracts the right fit clients into your world? How do you not have to rely on sleazy sales tactics and FOMO and urgency to get people to take action? How do you actually build a community of people who are looking forward to working with you. Now in this case, my framework and my method are the same, because each pillar, or under each pillar, I have three modules in a series of lessons, so totaling about 60 lessons. So in this case, what I want you guys to keep in mind is that my method, or the process I walk through with my clients, and the overarching framework is the same. When people come into neuro message, there's a specific level or a specific number of lessons they they want to consume in brand identity, there's a specific number of messaging and brand messaging trainings and exercises, and then there's also a specific number of brand presence. And by the end of. The program. I can say, if you have gone through these three pillars, you should have a clear idea on who you are, how to communicate it, and how to build demand for your offers. So in this case, these frameworks and methods are the underbelly of my offer. So be I'm not selling my offers. When I'm talking about these things in my in my content, I'm selling the the framework or the way of thinking itself.

Speaker 1  1:00:24
Let's move on to this tool. I know you guys have seen this tool before, and I presented it last week as well, but essentially, the way that I crafted these two methods and frameworks is by getting really, really clear on what the heck do I even do with my clients when they come to me? So as I shared with you guys earlier, when I was in the beta testing, you know, process of really clarifying what exactly is it that I want to become known for? What is it that I want to do? What is it that you know that I actually help facilitate with my clients? How do I get them that result? I started to note down every single question, every single obstacle or challenge that my clients were coming to me with, and I put it in. I mean, I have three pillars here, but I didn't originally have these three pillars. What I had originally was just a brain dump of all of these problems, like all of these things that people came to me for, and then it became my job to sit back and ask myself, okay, if I had to categorize these problems as to what their root cause is? Or what was the missing piece that was causing them to experience this pain or this obstacle? What would that be? And by doing that, and by asking myself that question, I was able to then organize all of the problems into these three core buckets. So the need for these people was to have a solid foundation. And so to have a solid foundation, the pillar I created in my program was brand identity. The need for these people was clearer words. They didn't they didn't really have the skill to know how to articulate themselves in a very clear, cohesive way. And so the pillar I created in that program was brand message. And lastly, over here, the the problem that the need that we're facing here is content strategy, positioning strategy, understanding how to develop leads, and all of that. So I created a pillar called brand presence, and each one of these questions are somehow now answered in my program, whether it's in the form of a lesson, of an exercise, or something that addresses these problems. But do you see here that I didn't start with this? I started by going out there and testing my micro ideas like, I think I'm really good at getting x results. Let me start talking about it. Let me start putting it out there. Let me start looking at what people are going to come to me for or come to me with, and then from there, I can make a decision on, okay, this is a problem that people have been coming to me with repeatedly. What this tells me is that there's probably a really big market need in it. Now, what is a pillar, or what is a, you know, an exercise or a lesson or something that I can create that can help facilitate that result? So we're in constant dialog. We're in constant testing and iterating of our processes before we actually solidify what it is that we do with our clients. So how to put all of this together? There's two separate core exercises that I want you guys to consider or even do at some point. Like I said at the beginning, it this might be a little bit too advanced for you, and that's perfectly fine. It might be something that you kind of digest and chew on right now and then come back to when you have a little bit more clarity, or you might feel ready, and you're like, Yeah, you know what, I'm I'm gung ho, to go from intuitive genius or crystallized genius to branded genius. So the two exercises is how to frame your framework, so your philosophy and your approach, and then how to map your method, because these are two very separate things. As you guys can see, your framework is the overarching idea behind the body of work and your method is what you actually do tangibly to get your clients results. So some of the questions that I want you guys to ask yourself for your framework, right? So step one, do a brain dump of all of the ideologies, the concepts, the toolkits, the domains, the areas of expertise that you feel comfortable in, that you that you want to be known for, that you feel like, this is this? Is it? This is what I do. Do a brain dump of all of that. Very similar to what I shared earlier about the whole peak performance concept. I sat down and I'm like, what is it exactly that I do with my clients? And instead of asking myself, what problem do I solve? Because there were so many different problems, I started realizing that what I was really good at, and the theme that people would come to me for was high performance, was was the ability for me to perform at higher levels than other people. And I'm like, Hmm, interesting. What have I done? Or what areas of my life have I mastered? Or what is my expertise that has allowed me to get to this result, because that's going to be relevant to others. And I realized that my background in health, my background in entrepreneurship and my background in psychology can all come together to form this end result of peak performance. So I had to do a brain dump. So step one, do a brain dump of all the major ideologies, concepts and toolkit. Methods that you use, and see how we can form them into categories, which takes us to step two, organize them into categories that represent the major aspects of your work. So once you've done a brain dump of all of the things that you feel good in, see if you can clump them together. See if there's there's themes, see if there's patterns that you can kind of put together in in this, this sort of way. And then step three is to ask yourself, what visual component can you add to it to convey the message? So we talked about Maslow's hierarchy of needs, and it was very strategically designed as a hierarchy of needs, because the visual aspect of it being a hierarchy, basically talked about how or what it represents, is that there's a base. So there's things at the very bottom that need to be in place before some of these other stuff can happen. If your physiological or safety needs are not being met, you can't think about self actualization. You need to first make sure that that base is strong enough, and then you can move towards self actualization. So if Maslow had it as a circle, it wouldn't still have the same effect on how we remember it, because, because it's a it's a triangle, we remember that the base needs to be in place before the other things can happen. For mine, there was no hierarchy necessary, right? So for peak performance, there was, like, these three components that all led into one another. And it's not like you needed to have your environment set up before your mind or your health set up before your environment. They all kind of played in together, so that the visual diagram that I had was was actually three kind of triangles coming in together, similar to what I have for both neuro message and building a neuro brand. Right now, you could argue that a neuro message, like the brand identity, comes before the brand message and it comes before the brand presence. I could technically also have a hierarchy as well, or maybe have like three arrows that go into each other. But what I realized is that branding is always a fluid process. So just because you have your brand identity solid now does not mean that it's going to be solid forever. Or just because you feel clear in your brand message now does not mean it's going to be solid forever. You might have to come back and reiterate or evolve your brand message, or you might have to come back and redo your brand identity. So these elements are kind of fluid. They move around a little bit, so that those are the three steps in really understanding how to frame your framework. And again, there's no pressure in having to figure this out all right now, this is just my thought process behind it. The second exercise is how to map your method, and this is going to be really important for those of you who are moving away from that, like intuitive genius, into wanting to have a bit more of like a crystallized, concrete genius, because this is really your way of facilitating client results, and especially when it comes to informing your content and being able to really convey what it is that you do with your clients on sales calls or in the DMS or whatever, it becomes really important to actually have a method that helps you do that. Now, even if your method is not like chronological or you know, in order of what needs to happen where having a general sense or general idea of like what your clients need to go through is going to be important. So first and foremost, we want to get really clear on the before and after that you facilitate for your clients. That's That's step one. So before we figure out this middle phase, we want to get really clear. Like, where are they at before they come to you, and where do they want to be after they're done with you? What is the desired outcome? What is the end result? So what needs are you fulfilling, or what are you actually helping them achieve? Step two is, we want to break your client transformation down into macro phases, which are chronological, or macro pillars, which are theoretical. So here's the difference, macro phases mean that certain things need to happen in a specific order. So when I was working with that holistic nutritionist who had a, like a five step gut restoration protocol, there were certain things that needed to happen before the other steps. So for example, she had like a remove phase where you had to take out all, like allergens or irritants from your diet, things that could be causing flare ups and that needed to happen before, like the restore phase, let's say so the macro phases had to happen in some chronological order for other people, including myself, I don't necessarily walk through things in a chronological order with my clients, but I have macro pillars of this program. So for, let's say, this program, you have the the

Speaker 1  1:09:24
relevance, and, you know, the kind of elements of the circle. So whether you're inside building a neuro brand or neuro message, there are, like, those core, big elements of what is required in order for you to get results. Once you have those macro ideas, and it's either macro phases, so what's happening in order, or macro pillars, which is like the theoretical like what needs to happen doesn't have to be in an order, but it just encapsulates what happens in your program. Now you want to distill it down into the micro lessons, the teachings and what specifically needs to happen under. Each phase or each pillar. So this is where you now want to ask yourself, Okay, if I was facilitating brand identity like that pillar, what would need to happen for somebody to go from not having a clear brand identity to having a clear brand identity? Or if you're looking at it from the entirety of the program, like what needs to happen for somebody to go from point A to point B, you have those macro, big buckets, but then underneath each one of them, what are some of the tools? What are the teachings? What are the lessons they need to learn? What are some of the actions they need to take? What are some of the exercises they need to implement? So it's like the really tangible, actionable things that need to happen in order for them to move from where they are to where they want to be. Alright. Tying this all together, I actually have a real life client, example of mine. And this, I can't take credit for this, this diagram, this, this client actually had worked with previous people to help kind of understand her message at a deeper level. And through our work together, kind of got really clear on the different elements of what needs to go into this overarching method. But the reason why I wanted to use this as an example is because it basically encapsulates having a branded concept, having a methodology, or like a framework, and having a method of how she actually gets her clients results all in one visual diagram, which I think is amazing. So I'm going to go ahead and share my screen again, and we are going to take a look at this. I'm going to break it down for you guys just, just so that you have an example of how this could look like inside your business as well. So this diagram over here the brand of concept. So what the transformation was that she was facilitating for her clients is that she helped them reach what she calls spiritual self mastery. So Self Mastery can be a concept that many people can teach and many people can talk about, but she gave it her own definition of spiritual self mastery. So what does it look like to be spiritually self mastered? She had a whole definition of that. Then she had her big macro pillar. So what we just talked about right now, so the way to get to spiritual self mastery, which is the end outcome, is to have commitment to service, deep connection and full expression. And I know this is like kind of abbreviated for the purpose of it fitting on a visual, but for each one of these, she also had, like a brief description of what that looks like. So for example, deep connection was deep connection to to yourself and to source. So whatever that looks like for you spiritually, whether it's God, whether it's the universe, whether it's nature, energy, whatever. So having a deep connection to your own self, to your own desires, to your own identity, to your own authenticity, and also having a deeper connection to to source, to something outside of yourself that helps you keep the faith when things get really hard, the next piece that she had was full expression. So now that you have this deep connection to yourself and source, how are you expressing yourself and showing up in the world? Are you playing small? Are you, you know, self sabotaging. Are you dimming your light to make other people comfortable? How are you expressing yourself? Right? So self expression was another really big piece of it, and then finally, it was commitment to service. So what is it exactly about your day to day goings that make you committed to a purpose that is higher than yourself? So we're not just in jobs that make us a paycheck, but how do we turn it into some way of committing ourselves to serving our community, serving our people, giving back like there's, there's some level of commitment that needs to happen beyond just our own self fulfillment and then on the outside of this graphic over here. So she's had her branded concept. So what she helps people attain, just add like, I hope you become a neuro brand, which is, which is a concept she had the macro phases, or the macro ideas of what people need to have, like, the macro framework. Now we got into the micro like, what needs to happen, what are the core pillars of change that need to happen in order for people to get to this spiritual self mastery. And she came up with these six so there was crystallization, Alchemy, wisdom, connection, balance and beauty. And I won't get into all of it. Her sales page explains it in very great detail, but basically, she then had these, these six modules in her program that allowed you to alchemize and I allowed you to gain deeper wisdom and feel more connected and find your balance between yourself and others. And she had a whole system around this. But notice how when people now come to her and when she's running webinars, or when she is in a launch or when she's writing emails like each one of these pillars can inform her content, each one of these things can become marketing material, because anything that she talks about in relevance to her work or her life's work, which is helping people attain spiritual self mastery, she can now tie to a core concept, such as this, some some form of big ideology. Or she can break down like beauty, for example. And. Talk about what the pillar of beauty looks like inside her program, and what does it look like when people don't have beauty versus when they do, or alchemy or crystallization, like what, what is the the necessity and the importance of each one of these elements? So the reason why I'm sharing this again is just to kind of give you guys an external reference point, not just my brand and what I do, but to give you guys an example of what it looks like to kind of take your area of expertise and to distill it down into some sort of branded ideology that you become known for. Because before her having this model, she would say, like, I help people transform their lives. I help people live in more alignment. I help them feel more fulfilled, more connected to the self. I feel them. I help them feel like, in more service to their community. And all of those things were great. But do you see how it's like, very vague. Do you see how like, it doesn't actually communicate anything this now fully, fully communicates like, who she helps, what she helps them with, how she facilitates that transformation? And she can take this which she has, she's turned this spiritual self mastery thing into its own, like DIY. Course. She now does high level mentorship with people that are like CEOs who are trying to get reconnected to their own sense of spirituality. She runs retreats all over the states, so there's, there's plenty of things that she now does with this framework and with this concept that is beyond just her expertise. It's no longer about her being the expert. It's about her work, her and her, her genius, having framed to it. Alright? So this pretty much concludes the kind of like introductory session to understanding your framework, building your process, building and like I said this, this might take years to develop, and that's okay. You don't have to have this perfected in order to have a brand of substance. This is something that you will be working towards, and as a matter of fact, you will probably consistently be refining this model as time goes on. I don't expect you guys to have this all figured out right now. I don't expect you guys to feel like, Oh darn. Like I need to have this before I can write my content, because otherwise, people won't take me seriously. They will take you seriously. It's a process of crafting this, and it's like you almost have to fall in love with the process of building this framework, more than just ending up with the final version of the framework. So that's why I want to want you guys to keep in mind. And the very last note on this is also recognizing that when you finally have a framework or a method or a process or something that's branded in this capacity, you're no longer then selling your products and services. You're no longer selling your offers, but you're selling your unique genius, meaning all of your marketing efforts no longer focus on getting people convinced on why your offer is better, or why your coaching package is superior, or why your promise is better than other people in your field, but it's it's far more in depth in helping people understand how you uniquely deliver your genius. What is it about your genius that makes it just so different and so good? And so if you were to run a webinar, or if you were speaking on stage, or if you were writing content in a launch or out of a launch, like when you have a visual diagram, when you have a framework like this, it just makes it so much easier for people to grasp what it's about, how you facilitate the transformation, and why they would want to work with you over somebody else. So I hope this session has been helpful. This session is going to be toggled on to a live workshop that I did with Emily Walker, like I mentioned, she is a professional at helping people distill down their core idea, their main, you know, domains, and helping them really craft this, this framework that they become known for, which then informs their messaging and their offers and everything that's to come from that. But I really hope you guys enjoyed this session like I said. I know it's a lot, but hopefully the session that is going to follow with Emily will also give you a couple of practical ways that you can put this to use and kind of act as a refresher for what we talked about today, but also allow you to kind of understand that from a learning design standpoint, and from a, you know, from an intellectual property standpoint, how developing a framework and method can really, really benefit your business. So hopefully this was helpful. Appreciate guys. Appreciate you guys for watching. And if you have any questions in relevance to your method, to your framework, feel free to drop them in the group and tag me, and I would be happy to answer all right, I'll see you guys next week. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai