Speaker 1  00:08
Hello, hello, you guys. Everyone can hear me. Everyone can see me. Welcome, welcome. I know a couple more people said that they'll be trickling in a little bit later. Can everyone just confirm for me that they can see that this is recording. Can everyone just give me like a thumbs up or like a yes, okay, amazing. I was halfway through recording a training yesterday, and I just realized that it wasn't being recorded, so we had to redo that. Thankfully, I only caught it 24 minutes in, and then I recorded another one, and the audio was off the entire time. So I'm like, You know what? I'm just gonna blame it on the full moon. Just gonna blame it on that. Just gonna release. All responsibility and just blame it on that. Amazing Alright, guys, I am so pumped for today's workshop, because not only am I welcoming a dear friend of mine, but I genuinely feel like this is the missing link to so many business programs out there. I've realized that as you guys know and as you guys are in this program, and you're slowly learning and kind of grasping how my mind works, you realize that there's a lot of strategy, and there's a lot of really deep thinking that happens in business. There's a lot of being able to put yourself in the shoes of your ideal customer. There's a lot of thinking about, you know, what's what's my positioning strategy, what's my offer, what's my like? Everything is very much in the head, right? And so although this program is not covering the entirety of business development, I genuinely feel like the missing link for many people when it comes to actually thinking about how to build their brands and how to build their businesses from a place of sustainability, the missing link is paying attention to the person behind the brand, not just the brand message, not just what the offers are, not just what the message is, what the content strategy is, what is the thing that people are going to be getting on the other side. But it's so much more about the human management behind the scenes. And for many of you, you've been in this space for a long time, and I'm sure you've come across all the mindset hacks and productivity strategies and all of the ways that we've been taught to utilize our time, utilize our energy, utilize our resources and willpower and just push through and get things done. And I feel that the missing link here has been understanding the nervous system and our behavior and performance from a much deeper level, from a much deeper layer of the somatics behind it, not just who we are from, you know, an identity perspective, but how is it that our nervous systems are calibrating to the growth of our business? And so when I first met Dana, Dana is a client turned friend, and I'm so grateful that we crossed paths, because there was so much that we resonated on. And what I loved about it is that we almost had the same perspectives when it came to business development and how to nurture the human behind the scenes, but from different angles, from different viewpoints. And so having conversations with her was so nourishing, because I would come at it from a very like strategic and psychological perspective, of like, here's the neuroscience behind why this works, and she would come at it from a very like somatic nervous system based perspective, which was refreshing for me as well. So without further ado, I'm so happy, and I'm so excited to welcome Dana onto this call. Dana, thank you for being here. First and foremost,

Speaker 2  03:29
I am so excited. I'm also getting over a little bit of a cold, and I'm in Canada, and it just started to really turn cold, so that's why I just put a tuk on. So just for anybody wondering, and if I have to clear my throat a little bit, I'm doing my best. And I'm genuinely so excited to be here parmese, and I have been we'll have these like crazy conversations and be like, these need to be recorded. And we just, like, solved all of the world's problems in the last two hours, and then realized that we kind of forgot what we talked about. So very excited to be here. And I mean, for me, what was really cool about the way and the timing of building my own business was because I was teaching about the nervous system. From the very beginning, my business was this ultimate mirror or reflector of my nervous system state and my nervous system capacity and everything that I was learning. So I'm really excited to speak to you about your business through the lens of your nervous system. Parmese, I'm not sure if there's anything else you want to comment on before we dive in.

Speaker 1  04:24
Yeah, absolutely. So there's a couple of things that I've noticed, not just from this group in particular, but just a common themes that I've noticed with clients over the years. When it comes to understanding brand, building, business marketing, right? We're focusing from, you know, we're thinking from the head in terms of how we are strategizing, what's right, what's wrong, and how do we show up as our best selves? How do we show up as someone who is consistent with content? How do we show up as someone who is consistent with their business, building strategies? And one of the things that I personally knew. That I was not struggling with, but just I knew that there was something happening in the behind the scenes, but I couldn't put words to it was the overwhelm around feeling like there's so much to do and only having so much bandwidth to actually being able to execute on on those tasks. And it wasn't until I came across Dana and some of her work that I realized that there's a whole term called functional freeze, where, for those of you who are familiar with some nervous system work, it might be a familiar term, but this term gets convoluted a lot, with laziness, with procrastination, with not having enough, you know, emotional bandwidth to, you know, execute on tasks, and especially within the entrepreneurial realm, I feel that a lot of my clients over the years have a lot of shame and guilt around their performance and how they are showing up and how frequently they're showing up, and all of the above. And so I would love to kind of start off a little bit, kind of talking, a little bit about the D shaming approach that you take in not just business, but just how you approach working with clients and why that's so important when we're thinking about not just our performance, but when we're thinking about approaching business building from this nervous system lens and this nervous system perspective.

Speaker 2  06:15
Yeah, so for anybody that has looked at any of my content or programs de shaming, and just researching shame and its impact on the nervous system has been kind of my my big thing that was my own aha moment in my own healing journey. And one of the ultimate truths of business is that consistency is necessary, and there's also cyclical consistency. And I know that this is something that Hermes has talked about, and I look at it, maybe from the somatic or even seasonal perspective of you know, we have a 24 hour cycle of hormones in our body. Women also have the infraion cycle. We have the seasons. However, at the end of the day, we do need to figure out how to bring some level of consistency into our businesses. Consistency forces us to confront who we really are, because consistency takes emotional regulation, and it means being able to be present in your body. And what ends up happening is, when you are somebody who is like me, where you are intelligent, you have an intrinsic drive to create, and that part of your identity has been over nurtured, and you have not been able to feel safe while being unproductive or being useless. Essentially, we have this kind of like useful wound, where unless we're being useful, we really don't feel like we are valid. And what that translates to, from the nervous system perspective, is we don't feel safe. And so this is where you start to go through these huge procrastination cycles that are actually often driven by internalized shame, where what ends up happening is most of your action is taken from a place of an inherent deficiency. So I like to explain it like shame creates the cycle of you play not to lose instead of play to win. And this is like you you will achieve things or take action. And when we get into the nervous system stuff, it's very somatic. So it's almost like, how close can your body be to that which you are doing? And for a lot of us, what ends up happening in these procrastination and shame driven cycles, we create something, and it's called almost kind of like, okay, I did it. I can't look at it, and I'm just going to, like, throw it out there, and then run away. And then you go into this collapse state, which is often dissociation. This is where your coping mechanisms kick in, and you actually feel deeply afraid, and you have a lack of safety of being somatically, intellectually and emotionally close to your business, your offer, your clients, the content that you're creating. And so de shaming really looks at what I call this emotional or somatic root, or the flavor of the way that you take action. So this is why, and there's a lot of really cool research coming out now. Two people can start to go to the gym consistently, like two friends. You know, you're, I don't know, winter arc season, you're going to the gym, you're getting it done. And in one person's brain, their neural pathways related to consistency, related to sense of self, related to emotional regulation, are improving and increasing, and in the other person, they are either stagnating or decreasing. Even though both people are taking the same action, one person is likely very driven by shame, and this is the person who is approaching this like, I'm going to the gym to not be ugly, fat or feel bad about myself, versus the other person is going and saying, Wow, this is really making me feel good, and I'm moving towards more experiences of feeling good. And so this is where I think, in the business world, we lack a lot of that nuance around you can see people, probably a lot of people here, myself included, where you can have really successful launches, really successful businesses. And internally, it feels like it's tearing you apart on a physical, somatic and emotional level, this is often driven by shame, and so what we're doing with de shaming, really, at its core initially, is two things, learning how to source a felt sense of safety in your body, coupled with radical self acceptance, which is like what all the marketing. Bros that I first learned sales from would hate it's like, no, unless you're doing this, you're not allowed to feel good about yourself. And I'm like, well, that actually hasn't worked for me, and it gave me a lot of product health issues and made me hate and love my business at the same time, which is very unsustainable. So I'll pause there for a second. I do want to come back to the sourcing safety and the self acceptance, and I want to see parmese. If there's anything that kind of piques your interest to dive into more? Yeah. So this is

Speaker 1  10:24
so interesting because this is a prime example of one of those things where I said we have the same kind of opinion, but it's just coming from two different lenses. So what she just described is very similar to something I teach you guys and to all of my clients, around really finding your own natural rhythm and cycle around. What does consistency and what does what like? What's driving your reason to create a brand? You guys always hear me talking about the energy behind the brand, and the energy behind the content is far more important than the actual content itself. I've written about this extensively as well, right? I've said two people can write the same piece of content in terms of words, right? So the message can be the same, but for one person, it is coming from their soul. It's coming from a place of genuinely want to serve their market. And for the other person, they're like, I'm going to post this because it's going to make me look smart, or I'm going to post this because it's going to make me stand out as an authority. The energy, or as Dana calls it, the flavor behind how you're showing up dictates more of your success than the actual action itself. So I just wanted to point that out, because that's a parallel that you and I kind of teach, and I think it's super important. But would love to dive into the sourcing safety. I feel like that is kind of like the crux of what all of us kind of need to do in order to build that brand sustainably.

Unknown Speaker  11:41
Can I share my screen?

Speaker 1  11:43
Oh, yeah, for sure. Let me, let me actually make you. Want to make you co host. There you go. I wanted to show you your co captain

Speaker 2  11:51
now. Okay, great. Thank you. All right. So, can you see this? Yes, amazing. Okay, so kind of my computer's a little bit slow. There you go. So what I really wanted to talk about, from a safety perspective, I'm gonna, we'll come back to some of this stuff, is safety is ultimately the ability to be safely present in your body. And I really want to just kind of focus in on that for a second. Because if you are also like me, and you have explored breath work or EFT tapping or blah blah, or especially if you did any of like the really cathartic type breath work classes or anything like that, often what you're actually experiencing, and what we're witnessing, is people trying to force safety when they do not have the capacity to be with the sensations that are currently present in their body. And what you're actually witnessing is somebody having a momentary stress response that is then inducing the shaking, the screaming, the yelling and so on and so forth. So what I really like to do for people is break down what are the three pillars of actually having a regulated nervous system, which essentially means that you are able to be safely present in your body as you're experiencing the spectrum of the human experience, or, in the case of your business, the spectrum of the emotions that come with. Putting out a post that doesn't do well, putting out a post that does do well, launching an offer where five people sign up, launching an offer where 100 people sign up, and creating the capacity for you to actually be present in your body while these things are happening. So fundamentally, what creates nervous system capacity and regulation is secure attachment. And this can be looked at it in many, many different ways, but essentially, what this means is that you were taught at a very young age, and this belief system and the hormones that go along with this belief system, and the way that you even orient in your physical environment comes from a place of you experiencing intrinsic worth in yourself. So this is where in the business, what this would translate to is you can launch something, and let's say it actually doesn't go very well, and even you look back and you're like, I was super excited. I really believe in this. I felt like I was communicating really well, and this didn't really go very well. Okay, what is not going to happen is you are not going to internalize that. Oh, because you are you. That is why it didn't go well, that there's an over personalization. And when we have insecure or dysfunctional attachment, we over personalize literally everything, because our entire existence is moving towards sourcing safety by putting on a performance which we're not doing consciously, to create a version of ourselves that we do believe is worthy of safety and survival and having access to love and connection and so secure attachment is where we do have this experience of freedom in our business, and where we can recognize that things like making money and having signups is really important, however we recognize that as a byproduct of being committed, feeling that we are intrinsically worthy of having access to opportunities to try again, and that we do actually believe in ourselves. Ourselves. So one thing that's really important to note is, like, when you're older, you essentially have to take yourself through this process, which is really, really hard. And I think your business can be a beautiful mirror to show you where you feel very insecure. And this is not just insecure about yourself, like, Oh, I wish my skin was clear or whatever. This is very deep in the way that your hormones like regulate on their cycle, or the way that you have your kind of embedded stress responses. So that's one. That's kind of pillar number one. Pillar number two is psychosomatic development. So obviously, as we go through life, we go from being a toddler to being, you know, a young teenager, to being a teenager to being a young adult to being an adult, we actually have nervous system and brain developmental changes that are supposed to happen to support our ability to individuate, which is a term that you might have heard. Carl Jung coined that term, which is essentially you coming into the conscious realization that you are separate from your parents and feeling safe enough to have your own set of opinions, to have your own value system, and to act and live in a way that feels safe for you and where you actually feel safe to be different than the people that are closest to you most of us, especially if you you could have parents that provided physically for you, but maybe did not have the capacity to actually guide you through these changes of when your body was changing your contribution to society or your contribution to the family needed to change. What this does is it creates like an incomplete version of your ability to do work. So think of psychosomatic development as you literally developing skills and nervous system capacity to do things like learn a new skill and to trust that you're able to do that, we translate that to the business world. This is like so many people being like, Oh, my content doesn't perform and it doesn't do well. And you go to their page and it's like memes that they found on Pinterest that they reposted, and you're like, Well, no, not. I really doubt anybody here is doing that because you're in this program, but you want to perform at that next level. And this quite literally, quite literally means that you need to have secure enough attachment that you are able to stay the course and not internalize challenges as Oh, it's because there's something fundamentally wrong with you that you're experiencing challenges life is just challenging. And then two is you need to have the nervous system and brain structure and capacity to actually take yourself through the cycle of learning a new skill, integrating the wisdom, and then moving on with your life. And then lastly, this one, we're not going to go into too much today, but evolutionary and environmental match, meaning that your physiology needs to have the right ingredients for you to just feel good in your body. And for most of us, you know, like we're we grew up, we can have access to certain levels of safety, but if you're inside all the time under artificial light, you're not hydrated, you're not eating well, you are sourcing your motivation from a black coffee on an empty stomach in the morning and using the spike in cortisol and adrenaline to get shit done. Eventually, this catches up to you, and this creates something. These three things, when they are not met, create something which parmese and I have actually worked on this low level chronic dysregulation, because I was really seeing that. I didn't grow up in a war zone, but I did grow up not having these needs met. And so I did experience trauma, I just did not experience trauma or chronic stress in the way that I, you know, thought that it was or I saw in movies. And so we have something called low level chronic dysregulation, which is the impact in your physiology, your mind and your identity, and the way that this expresses so essentially, the symptoms, or the culmination of the symptoms, is functional freeze, that on off, I'm either activated or collapsed. I'm either close and on top of everything, I can be close to my business, or I need to be as far away and disconnected from it as possible. And the intelligent, intrinsically driven and creative people tend to be the ones that I see as most vulnerable to this. Because when we were younger, this was the part of our identity that was nurtured and we were taught, oh, this is how we source safety. I only show people the version of me that is competent, useful. A leader can get shit done. People can trust and I can always be on what this does is it creates a lack of safety when we are unable to do those things. However, from a real physical or physiological nervous system capacity, we cannot do that all the time, and so we are forced to figure out how to cope, which is where this collapse state starts to come in, and we do need to numb out. So this is what I really like to just make sure everybody has a foundational understanding of. Is when you are working on regulation within your business, you are fundamentally working on creating a secure relationship, first with your nervous system your body, then working on a secure relationship with your business and starting to create the environment the support systems for you to develop new skills and integrate them and believe that that is a normal part of life. So to take a pause here. See parmese If you want to comment on anything, or if there are any questions that anybody has,

Speaker 1  20:07
yeah, oh my gosh. If you guys got if you have questions, guys, feel free to drop them in the chat, and we can kind of keep this as an open dialog. I feel like my brain obviously is as usual, is going in a million different directions, but there's two core things that Dana said that I want to bring our attention back to you guys, know, I made a post a couple of days ago talking about how business is supposed to be a dysregulating thing. It's supposed to be discouraging, and I don't mean that in some sort of, like, you know, evil way, but what I've noticed after 10 years of being in business is that the people who are able to succeed are the ones that are able to create that safety and that relationship with their nervous system. It has very little to do with what your marketing strategy is, what the tactics are that you're using, what your offers are, what they're priced at. The people who succeed long term are the ones who can create a little bit of distance between their inherent self worth and how the business is performing. And I'm sure if you guys have been in this space, you've seen entrepreneurs talk about the constant roller coaster, or you've observed it maybe in people that you close to, or people that you follow, where it feels like they're on this, like high high, and then all of a sudden they're in this low. And you know, if a launch doesn't go well, or if they're going through a bad year in business, it almost feels like they're completely losing themselves in that process that is a subtle sign of having this, this low level, chronic dysregulation, really come into play and kind of take the reins on that. And so again, creating a business that is sustainable has very little to do what the external optics of or optics of what's going on. It has so much more to do with how you are managing your internal state as you are going through the different phases of business. The second thing I'll add to that is, as you guys know everything that you're learning in this program, and the more I kind of iterate this to you, it's it's hard. It is hard. There's a lot of new concepts I'm throwing at you every single week. There's a lot of things that I'm getting you guys to think deeply about. There's a lot of challenging questions that you're coming face to face with many people in the midst of building their brands. As soon as things get hard and challenging, and when they don't come super easy, or it's not, you know, written down in bite sized formats for them, they get overwhelmed. And instead of looking at approaching business as a skill building ability, just like building a relationship with your nervous system is also skill building. They give up because it's difficult, or they start to fall into those shame cycles of, I'm not cut out for this. This is hard. I'm not good at this. This means I'm not I'm not competent, I'm not worthy. And there's, there's all of these kind of thoughts that come up as we're building our business, which I would argue, is probably the number one reason why people fail in business in the first place. It hasn't, hasn't, hasn't, got nothing to do with how they are showing up online, and has so much more to do with the the internal processes and stories and narratives and somatic experiences that are coming up that they haven't learned how to regulate. So Dana, did you have anything to add to that before we kind of dive into the questions?

Speaker 2  23:07
Actually, I think, okay, there's really, there's one question that I just wanted to answer right now. Kevin, like, what kinds of hormones are we looking to take care of? And so this is, I feel like I'm very much like Hermes, where I'm like, How do I explain how the entire hormonal system of the body works? But I don't feel like we have time for that right now. So two things that I want to comment on here. Number one, your nervous system is the conductor of your body, meaning that your nervous system signals to all of the other systems, including your endocrine system, which is your hormonal system, what to do? When to do it, how many hormones to release? Why? So on and so forth, the different stress responses that we have so either the activation or the shutdown have unique hormonal imprints that go along with them, which they're supposed to have, meaning that when we move into an activated state, we do need a rise in cortisol, because that is what helps us to activate and to either fight a threat or to run away from it. And so that's number one. The first thing I want to say is it's typically when we're talking about taking care of hormones. It's never about trying to, like, decrease a hormone or increase a hormone. It's about giving ourself the right environment in cues, so that our body receives the correct cue and is then able to signal to our endocrine system what to do. The second thing I just wanted to comment on that, because I do think this is really interesting. There are very real differences between the male and female nervous system, including what kinds of activities create, which kind of hormonal responses that can either deplete or regulate us. So to comment on this really briefly, for women, our Master hormone regulator is oxytocin. This is released when you are hugging, when you're having an orgasm, when you're kissing somebody, when you're breastfeeding, when you give birth. Is like one of the biggest times that oxytocin is released. And this is very, very interwoven with relationship. So. Women, really at an extra level, need safety within relationship in order to be regulated, which is one of the reasons for me, my business became so much more successful when I did very regular co working sessions with my girlfriends, all wrapped up in blankets, sitting in my sitting in my living room. Men, on the other hand, vasopressin and dopamine are two of their more dominant, regulating hormones, which come from being in a little bit more of this aggressive, competitive, achievement oriented state in a different way. Fun fact, dopamine depletes oxytocin. So a lot of wellness trends and things like this that are the cold, plunging the getting up at the same time in the morning, the you know, like, build your dopamine menu. These are really great for men, really, really great for male physiology, but they actually can deplete women of our dominant regulating hormone. So I just wanted to comment on that, because there is so little nuance. But, you know, talked about in this way, but I genuinely believe men and women need to do business differently. Like, I'm never going to be somebody that has a weekly newsletter of the exact same structure that gets sent out at the exact same time. But I see all these guys that do it, like Flynn Skidmore, if anyone follows him, like, I get his newsletter, I'm like, well, never in a million years could I do that. But guess what? I will write one email that comes from the depth of my soul when I'm like, peak ovulation, and I just feel like, Fuck Yeah, and like, that will sell out half of my program. Could he do that? Probably. So I do think that there are real, yeah, real physiological differences, and this leads us to what sources safety for us. So, oh yes, this is what I want. So there's kind of two main initial I call them like somatic skills, that no matter if you are a man or a woman, you need to develop these in order to learn how to source safety. So these are orienting and resourcing. I'm going to kind of merge those two together and then titrating these are kind of like trauma resolution terms. So to break these down for you, orienting is the way that your body recognizes your relationship with your external environment. And there are three types of orienting you have, interoception, which is how you know how you feel on the inside. This is how your nervous system signals to you you need to go to the washroom. You're hungry, when you're full, when you're cold. So this is just something that is internal, and that is one way of orienting. The second way is extraoception, which is orienting to the immediate physical environment that you're in. So if everyone just takes a look around the room for one second and just kind of make a note of one or two objects or things that you see in the room around you. For me, I have a sauna that I bought recently. It's like the love of my life right now, and that makes me super happy to look at it. So that is extraoception. And then lastly, we have proprioception, which is our relationship to gravity and space as a whole. So at all times, we all do have, or as you get more connected with your body, the ability to feel gravity like we'll all typically have kind of like one area of the body that we feel it in. For me right now, I feel it mostly behind my navel. It feels almost like a little bit of a heaviness in my body, and I can kind of feel it pulling down. So our nervous system does something called neuroception, which is where it scans our environment for the level of threat that is currently present, based on the level of threat that is currently present, all of these different ways of orienting are going to communicate with each other to create this feedback loop of, okay. I'm using extra ception to recognize that there's a sauna here in my room. Neuroception is saying that safe, great. My interoception is saying, oh, safety feels like relaxation in my stomach, okay? And proprioception is like, I'm just staying in the same place. I don't need to, like, move or shift my relationship with gravity in any way. This is all happening unconsciously right now. And all of your bodies, as we're talking what ends up happening depending on your dominant stress response or how your nervous system has learned to kind of cope with reality, you'll usually have an overdeveloped and under an underdeveloped aspect of orienting. So for me, and for people that tend a lot more towards the freeze or shut down or collapse state, you will often get so hyper aware of your internal environment that it is so overwhelming that you need to shut down, because it's like you're getting bombarded with so much sensory information. And if you are neurodivergent or have ADHD, this is a total thesis of mine, but I believe that that is one of the ways, especially women, experience ADHD paralysis, is we are we are in taking too much sensory information, but about our own bodies, and we are actually not taking in enough sensory information of the physical environment within we within which we are other people, and these are the people, I believe, tend more towards activation, fight or flight, the ones that are always going, they're always working. They don't shut down, and they're like that. You know? Hit cardio green juice, I don't know. I just have that. You know thing in my mind, they have underdeveloped interoception and overdeveloped extroception. So they are too connected to their external environment, and that's their only way of relating to time and space. And so their way of sourcing safety is to just keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going and going from one environment to the next. So as you start to look at your unique nervous system imprint and learn how to source safety, this can be a really great framework to start to notice, okay, if you are feeling deep overwhelm, and you're feeling like you're really trying to regulate, and you're trying to close your eyes and put your hand here, and you're trying to breathe, maybe testing out and seeing if looking around at the room that you're in, and looking at each corner of the room, touching what is around you, and actually taking the focus off yourself and putting it on something in your environment increases the felt level of safety in your body. So orienting is kind of like this main fundamental way that our nervous system needs to learn how to source safety. And Kevin, when I say the unique nervous system imprint, this is like the way that your nervous system perceives and unconsciously responds to reality has been dictated by your nervous system conditioning, growing up, the access to support that you had, and essentially how other people showed you to be regulated. So this is where we'll have people that will have, like a, you know, their way of responding to stress can be like yelling at somebody in response somebody else can be just like completely collapsing and not even being able to respond. So that's kind of what I mean with your nervous system imprint. The second way that we source safety, and this is a little bit more looking at when we want to start to create change in our environment. And this is really, I think, in business, like a really incredible skill to have, is titrating, which I think In layman terms, is just like micro dosing sensation in your body. So you know that feeling that you get when you are going from being shut down and you've been procrastinating and you have a big thing that you need to do, and you can feel yourself getting closer and closer and closer to having to actually start to go into action execute, and you feel this pressure and maybe a pit of dread in your stomach, but you also feel kind of excited, and you're like, this sucks and is awesome at the same time, and your body is going like, okay, we're preparing to go into cortisol activation when we're in a moment like that, and especially when we're in this functional freeze, and we start to do this somatic work, we will have this unconscious approach of, great, I'm going to try and feel everything, and I'm going to be so regulated, and I'm going to build my capacity to feel all of this. That is literally the same thing as either being on or off, or 100% or nothing. So we actually have to do is we start titrating or micro dosing that that feeling of an emotional explosion in the body. So this is where we would first start with doing something like orienting. We bring ourselves into a bit of a safer, more present relationship with our body. And there are other practices that you can do for that. And then you kind of say, okay, where in my body am I feeling the majority of these sensations? Okay, maybe it's in your gut. Okay. Maybe you take a hand and you place it on your gut. Instead of trying to find the core of the sensation, you find the edge. Where do you feel the tiniest little bit of that activation? Okay, when you feel the edge of that almost like you're approaching a scared horse, like you're not going to walk up to the horse and like smack your hand on it, you're going to come closer to the stall, you're going to let it get familiar with you. You're going to let it see you. You're not going to hurt it. This is you literally building trust with deeper somatic parts, and in this case, the part of you that has been conditioned to activate in order to help you get shit done. So as you start to come into a safer relationship, and this deeper part of you also feels that there is a felt sense of safety of you being aware of it, this is then when sensations start to change. Maybe you start to feel like there's a little bit less activation, or maybe you feel it expand in your body, maybe you feel a little bit less scared of it. And these are all the ways that we start to repair and fundamentally reduce the amount of charge associated with this underlying pattern of on off in the body. And this is nervous system regulation in action. So these are, like the two main skills, orienting and improving or increasing the felt level of safety in your body, and then to titrating or micro dosing these sensations related to a pattern that you are trying to heal or shift. I'm going to take a pause and just look at the chat

Speaker 2  34:36
Kevin saying exactly all, yeah, sorry, go ahead. Sorry, go ahead. Pardon. No, no, go for it. Okay. I was just gonna say, yeah. Polyvagal theory is so much of what my work is based off of. And this is that looking at pendulation, which is essentially, how do we, how do we move or oscillate between feeling very safe, into feeling slightly. Come slightly uncomfortable or maybe even a little bit unsafe, knowing that we can oscillate back into a zone of safety, and this is how we actually rewire the nervous system and are able to really shift the way that our nervous system will unconsciously respond to things. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  35:24
go ahead, permeez,

Speaker 1  35:32
Jessica's asking, what is yeah, what is it? What am I wrong? Acceptance. There we go. Yeah, Acceptance and Commitment Therapy. I'm just going to turn my camera off, just in case, if I'm if I'm cutting in and out. One of the things that I wanted to touch on a little bit, and Dana just to kind of pick your brain on it, because I know it's going to be a very relevant theme or a relevant concept for everybody else in here. One of the things that Dana and I worked on, just from a business perspective, is coming up with the concept of low level chronic dysregulation. And one of the things that we're going to be covering in this program in particular is going to be looking at concept development, and for Dana's business in particular, the concept that we were able to land on when she's describing all of the common symptoms and the pains and some of the problems that are coming up for people, low level chronic dysregulation was one of them which acted as the the diagnosis to kind of bundle up the overall consensus, or the overall symptoms that people were feeling. And I feel like the more she talks about it, the more people go, oh yeah, I have that without even realizing that they have that so Dana, because I know that this is a new concept for people. Do you mind kind of talking a little bit about some of the symptoms or some of the sources of low level chronic dysregulation? Because I know as a theory or as just like a concept, people kind of get it, but I would love for especially people in this call to recognize, like how they themselves might be facing low level chronic dysregulation without even realizing that they are.

Speaker 2  37:06
Yeah, so I'll go back, like the so these three things, really here are, like, the root causes of low level chronic dysregulation. Like this is what creates the environment where your body is unable to restore and what I'll actually do, let's go back to this fun little graph here. So low level, chronic dysregulation is what I have observed is most present in westernized countries, or people that live like a more westernized lifestyle. So this is where, like when you look back at your life, your childhood, and even the way that you live now, you have like, a lot of your needs met, like you're, you know, on a day to day basis. You're not living in a war zone. You're not scared that somebody is gonna, you know, like, be attacking you. You generally have, like, physical safety in your house. Likely, you're financially secure. So you you have a lot of what we would consider, you know, like the creature comforts of like existing in 2024 what you did not have was that proper development of secure attachment, the proper completion of this, of those psychosomatic developmental cycles, and likely, you had this evolutionary mismatch. And one cool example I'll just give on that before I get to this graph. Is, you know, growing up like my dad did very well, and we would go out for dinner all the time, and that was, like, something that he absolutely loved. And we would go out to places where, you know, like you're eating, I don't know, like Indian food. You're eating food from Spain, whatever it was. And just a really cool thing about the nervous system is one of the ways that your nervous system sources safety is through food, and the information that you get in food, when you're eating, when you're like, I'm in Canada right now when I was younger, like, I'd be in Canada in the middle of winter, like, drinking orange juice from Mexico, and my body is sitting there going, like, what is happening? This is not this does not feel safe. So I just wanted to kind of give that example of, what are these, like, kind of tiny, little, micro ways that low level, chronic dysregulation starts to build. So that's one way. The second thing that I really want to focus in on is, like, the low level and chronic those are kind of these, these two factors. Of, it's not like you're waking up every day and you're having to go, like, fight your you know, fight your way out of your house, or fight to get food. On a physical level, but it is waking up. It is having 50 emails. Maybe it's having kids to get out of the house. It's having to make food. It's having to clean your house. It's having to look at the schedule for the day. It is remembering that you need to take your car in. And there's a very real volume of tasks and micro stressors that contribute to pushing you into either sympathetic activation and or freeze. What ends up happening and why functional freeze is the expression of low level chronic dysregulation. Is because over time, when we are spending too much time in. Fight or Flight, which is what our body moves into first, as we start to experience chronic stress, chronic stress, and it starts to build and build and build, we get pushed into Freeze. Freeze is what happens when you move into overwhelm. This is where your body no longer feels that you can overcome the threat. You can't run away from it, you can't handle it. So your body, quite literally, numbs out. This is where we feel like we are depressed, and then you use procrastination in order to get that activation to come back into your body so that you can get shit done, which is why it feels like you go from zero to 100 and 100 to zero. And the other thing that is really important to understand is two people can live in the exact same environment, and one person can be experiencing low level, chronic dysregulation, and the other person might not be. And why is that? Essentially, what dysregulation is is when you are chronically stuck, oscillating between these two stress response states, or you're in, you know, one primarily, and you are you do not have the capacity, resources or time to down regulate and move back into ventral vagal, which is where your nervous system is not registering any active threat, or a low enough threat in your environment that your repair system comes back online. So this is where I think it's also really cool and really motivating, is when we have more moments of safety, which means we are moving more towards rest or digest or the central vagal state, your nervous system automatically turns on the repair system of your body. So this is where replenishment happens. This is where you might feel like you get a bit more tired because your body is able to sleep. Now. This is where your body is no longer diverting any energy into any kind of survival or stress response, and is actually signaling to your endocrine system, your immune system, your digestive system. We're all good. Go full steam ahead, everything is kind of functioning and working as it is supposed to. What happens when we're chronically dysregulated? We are spending very little to no time in ventral vagal, meaning that that repair system is never activated. So over time. This is why it feels like symptoms get worse and worse and worse, because we are not having the ability to actually replenish and restore. And this is where we start to see stress can be adaptive and stress can turn into trauma and chronic dysregulation. Adaptive stress is when we have the ability to to come back into that rest and digest state. That's when it can be adaptive versus what a lot of us experience is just like a death by 1000 tiny cuts, is essentially what we end up experiencing. And that's really kind of the characterizing factor of low level, chronic dysregulation.

Speaker 1  42:36
Yeah, and I want to emphasize one thing too, where it's again. I think one of the biggest things that Dana said is that Dana said is that so many of us don't even register that we're experiencing like, almost like a micro trauma, but even something as small as like, the expectation of needing to push yourself to show up when you don't feel like it, or, you know, the example she used about like, the newsletter that cracked me up because of the amount of bro marketers that have kind of told you or prescribed this strategy of like this is how you get to success. And one of the reasons why my biggest resistance to creating formulas and templates and giving you guys a step by step framework of like this is how often you post this is how often you show up, is because that itself can create low level product dysregulation, because like, when you have that expectation of like, this is the right way. This is what I need to be doing. You're ignoring all of your own body's cues as to what's right for you, and instead you're saying, I need to do this to get x results. It creates this, like unhealthy attachment to in order for me to be safe, in order for me to get the clients, get the money, grow my business, I need to do XYZ. And that goes completely against what I stand for.

Speaker 2  43:41
And I think, like on that topic, one of the one of the realities of regulating within entrepreneurship that I mean, I still struggle to I still struggle with this. And I think a lot of people will when you like to be a high performer, is respecting your actual capacity, not the capacity that you want to have. Or, like, you know, parmese is saying what we are told that we need to have in order to succeed. And this was, like, the last few months for me. I, like, had mold exposure earlier this year, and before that, I was literally the healthiest, most regulated person, or version of myself I had ever been. And then I had this mold exposure. And it's been this kind of like cycle of really experiencing new limits and feeling in real time my nervous system trying to heal and having less capacity to work on my business. And then as I've gone through different, you know, like micro launches of things again, having that felt experience in my body of Wow, where I used to be able to in depth focus for three hours straight, I can only do like 45 minutes, and then this brain fog kicks in, which is one of the symptoms. In other ways, it's like you have your business and you have, like, a relationship breakdown with a romantic partner, with friendship, or you have to move, or your child gets sick. You. These are real things that eat up your nervous system capacity, and it is extremely important if you want a sustainable business to accommodate for that. Yeah, and that is so hard emotionally, because we have that in our mind. Well, if I do you know, 30% more work, I'll get 30% more results. Okay, absolutely. And what expense is is that going to be at? And often it's at the expense of our nervous system, and then we don't sleep well, and it leads, again, more to this, this chronic dysregulation that builds up. So I think that is something like, if I would, kind of, you know, give one big takeaway from today in terms of how to begin implementing this is we have this thing called the allostatic load, which is like the total stress load that your body can kind of carry at any one time. And it's like, you know, if you look at it in a circle, and right now, for most people that are chronically dysregulated, we are operating outside of what our allostatic load is capable of carrying. And the difference is made up of our coping mechanisms. What we want to start to do is to respect the actual edges of this and it can be expanded. That's a different type of nervous system work. We want to start to to respect this and be able to do things like, okay, you know, today, I got up and I was like, I'm going to work like hardcore for four hours. And then you wake up and you realize that you're sick, okay, maybe the best thing for the sustainability of you and your business is to work for an hour and a half. Make yourself a tea, have a hot bath, do something to nourish your body, and that's it. And dealing with and processing the emotions related to respecting that very real capacity of your body,

Speaker 1  46:41
yeah, yeah. And that's this has been, guys, one of the hardest lessons I personally, have had to learn in business. I know in the chat, Jessica, earlier, you said that, you know you've heard entrepreneurship is one of the greatest kind of like personal development journeys, and through this process, I think one of the biggest keys here is, again, the detachment from your inherent worth from how much you are producing and how much you are showing up for the business and what the business itself is producing. The business is a mirror to some of the wounds, some of the things that are coming up within, and also some of that, that inner self criticism that happens when we are not showing up to the capacity that we once were before. I think one of the big things that I've had to realize, and I mean, many of you have followed along with my journey. I've been in a long distance relationship for the past three years, and through the experience of not just being away from my partner, but navigating the immigration process of trying to get to the states, many of you know, I've moved about seven times just in the last two years alone, consistently, you know, living nomadically, not having a stable home base, moving from one environment to the next, and having to reorient myself every single time. In the beginning phases of that, I would look back to my performance of like, 2020, and 2021, and I would have a lot of judgment, because I would look at my schedule and be like, look at how freaking productive I was. Look at how much I got done. I wrote a book in eight months like there was so much that I had accomplished at that time. Why is it that I don't have the bandwidth and capacity to show up for my business or for my goals the same way that I that I did back then? And I realized is that it's exactly what Dana's saying here. It's not that it's laziness or procrastination, but we have to be very mindful of what are the different elements of capacity, or the different aspects of your capacity that are being impacted by your emotional state, by your environmental state, and just being very attuned to that, so that you're not looking at yourself with judgment, but rather with compassion and understanding. So yeah, that's that's a very, very important piece of brand building, which, again, it goes beyond just knowing what the actions are and following the strategy, and it becomes a lot more about, how well do you know yourself? How well can you honor the cues that your body is giving you, the cues that your mind is giving you, and actually sticking by it?

Speaker 2  48:56
And I think exactly, exactly. Well, there's two things I want to comment on, one like Anna's comment here in the chat, of being nomadic for two years. And like so I also have been nomadic for a really long time. I finally am kind of like settling in a place. And one of the things that I think can also happen when you get in the entrepreneurial like online, you know, world and way of living is there is a lot of glamorization of lifestyles that really reinforce dysregulation. You're moving all the time, always having to acclimatize to a new environment while you're continuing to produce at this high level. And even, you know, like, and don't get me wrong, this can be nice sometimes, like working beside a pool, like, like, like, this kind of lifestyle, or even just living big. And what I have really come to realize, which is so funny because me from a few years ago, would be like, No, the people that are the most regulated, healthiest people that know who they are, are the people that are able to sustain healthy relationships with the same. People for years on end. These are the people that are like, honestly, my mom, she has amazing relationships. She's lived in the same place for like, a long time. She travels, and she has, you know, like a nice lifestyle in that way. But she is present with herself in the same environment over and over and over again, and has stable relationships and stable health. And I think that this is where stability and security, you know, like, I think back to like, it's almost like cliche, you know, like, when you're a girl, it's like, you always want the bad boy who's like, unpredictable and uncertain. It's like, yeah, your nervous system literally gets addicted to the high highs and the low lows of being with someone like that, which is the same thing that can happen with a relationship. And so this is where boredom is actually a really important signal that we are starting to move more towards being regulated, having more experiences of realizing that we're bored within boredom holds the answers, essentially of stabilizing our nervous system, and this is where what I have really come to realize is having the stable home base where I have a desk and I have a good, consistent work environment, and my nervous system can actually start to associate safety and work together at the same time that is truly supportive for me, and then being able to strategically and much more consciously plan travel, or these other bigger experiences, where, for me, I am going to travel near the end of November, and I'm barely going to work when I go, because I have realized, when I look back, I could do the work. But it was often extremely stressful. You don't know what the Wi Fi situation is, until you actually get to a certain place, and so on and so forth. So there's just, like, a lot of really cool little nervous system pieces within that. And Jessica, I love this question. So you know, any connections to if we had nomadic versus sedentary ancestors, like tribes who moved a lot versus ones who stayed in the same land? Yeah. So there's also a lot of really cool research and studies coming out now of neurodivergence in relation to this, and how people who are neuro, neuro divergent were often the ones that were like leading more of the like exploratory, you know, like discovering new parts of the land and stuff like that. And so I do think again, this is where your unique DNA, your unique nervous system, needs to really come into play. Because I am like this, and I really, as much as like stability is important for me. I can't do the same thing in the same way every single day. So how do you bring novelty into a stable environment, and novelty can also stimulate creativity. So all of that to say, Absolutely, I think that there are connections between having nomadic versus sedentary ancestors. All of our ancestors were nomadic really. I think when, when we get down to it, it was only sedentary, really, when we started farming, and that was like quite recent in the history of humans. So the difference being, though, the stabilization for nomadic ancestors came from the cohesive relationships with their tribe, and that is something that a lot of us don't have. So we need to figure out different ways or improving the level of stability we have within our communities and within our, you know, immediate physical environments, just looking at some of the other.

Speaker 1  53:26
One quick thing I'm add to that, Dana, if you don't mind, as you're looking for moments, I think one of the things that you said that it becomes such a prevalent theme for for many clients of mine, is the glamorization of a particular lifestyle associated with business and people have, like, appropriately named me, the angel of death to many people's dreams in business, because I come in with, like, the the very loving reality check slap where, you know, people think that if you as long as you put together a quick little offer, make a little brand around it, put together a website, throw it up on social media, make some posts, and all of a sudden you're a millionaire. And one of the things that I've realized, especially as I've worked behind the scenes for many of these eight, nine figure brands, is that they are constantly in a state of dysregulation, and as glamorous as it might look like to be, always putting yourself in uncomfortable situations, reaching for new heights, striving for more millions. It looks really nice on Instagram, but when you work behind the scenes with many of these people, and it doesn't have to be all of them. I'm not trying to make a blanket statement for but for many of them, a lot of the reaching and the grasping is not actually coming from a place of safety. It's coming from a place of constantly needing that next level to feel good about themselves, constantly needing the chaos to actually feel like they're they're safe and stable. So again, not to make a blanket statement around like, if you have big goals and dreams, that means that you're dysregulated. But I just want you guys to also look at other people's lifestyles and businesses from a very practical standpoint, and recognizing like, yes, the glamor and the the money and all of that seems nice, but would you trade. Places with them on a day to day basis. Like, would you want to have the, you know, wake up and have 17 team members reaching out to you? Would you want to have the vacations where you have to be constantly checking in through slack? Do you want to have the millions of people watching your content and commenting so it's, it's very much like not looking at the goals as the end outcome, but looking at like, What state do you want to be in in your business? What? What is the actual human behind the brand wanting to feel, not just from a lifestyle perspective, but internally as well?

Speaker 2  55:34
Kevin has a really great question here of, how do you know when it's your capacity versus you not being motivated to do specific things, like not being motivated to do admin work, but you could sit and write content and kind of along the same vein, like, you know, how do you know it's time to power through? So two things I want to say on that I don't believe this, like, very blanket statement of like, the way you do one thing is way you do everything. I love cooking. Hate cleaning. I have a cleaning lady coming right after this. It's going to do my dishes for me, because I cooked for like, four hours yesterday, I'm not cleaning the same way that I'm cooking. Like, absolutely not. So I think one thing that's also really important is, is allowing yourself, and, like, actually, really giving yourself permission to not enjoy certain things about your business. I don't like doing admin work either. I really don't like doing it. And so one of the things I actually teach is it is much more regulating for you to do something while you actively don't want to be doing it, because you're actually being honest about how you feel, versus trying to force the belief on yourself that you should want to do admin work and you should be motivated for it the same way you're motivated to write content when that's just simply not true. So that's one thing, is you're allowed to not be motivated to do admin work, and you still have to do it. So recognize you don't have maybe intrinsic motivation to do admin work. And then this is where you can use your beautiful logical brain. And something I do is that's when I body double with people. Hey, I really need to do admin work. I have these three things I need to send out. We do a little share before we sit down and work of what we need to get through. That makes it a lot easier for me to do work that I really don't enjoy doing. And then, of course, like you want to create content, so sit down and do that, and allow yourself to feel what true intrinsic motivation feels like for something that you enjoy doing, and that's who you are. Embrace it and nurture that, and that's going to take you a lot further. The second piece is, how do you know it's time to power through, versus time to take time to take some time off. So on one hand, this comes through trial and error, like at the end of the day, because you actually have to learn what the limits of your body feel like, and you can only learn the limits of your body when you feel them and experience them on both ends. So a couple of things for me, when what I start to notice is the times that feels good for me to power through is when I personally feel physically healthy, and I recognize that what is creating my inability to kind of sit down and do work is that I have no real clarity on like, what it is that I'm trying to do, or I feel extremely overwhelmed by the amount of work that needs to be done on something yet, on a physical level, I have energy. I feel alert and I feel good. That, typically for me, is a bit of a sign that I need some support in order to get clarity, in order to power through taking time off is when I feel very physically depleted, and the idea of sitting down to do work literally makes, and this is a nervous system thing, my posture start to curl forward. There is a real defense, like a defense guarding that your body will go into when you are pushing yourself too hard, you might notice that you will develop a jaw clench. Your traps will start to get really tight. You'll feel like your stomach is curling or caving in on itself. Your appetite will get kind of weird. So those are good cues that your body is reaching its capacity, and that would be good to take some time off. Thad saying, how would you ensure that the level of putting one's self in uncomfortable situations to grow is done in a safe way and not pushing you into unsafe territory? So kind of similar to what I was just saying, Is your band of safety will be unique to you, and this is like you know, unfortunately, we learn by being unsafe, at least initially. However, when you start to understand the nervous system and you understand orienting and resourcing and what it feels like to have support, then you can start to experience in real time what it's like for you to sit down and do something uncomfortable when you're by yourself versus when you're with someone else. And you can start to notice and get this essentially like nervous system imprint of each of those situations, and then start to recognize and be like, Okay, well, what do you want for yourself? Do you want to be somebody that does this by them? Self and like, really pushes themselves, or do you start to kind of shut down? And the last comment I would say on that is, when you feel a lack of safety, you will reach for coping mechanisms. And that is, like, a very, very clear sign that you are pushing yourself into unsafe territory. So you're trying something, and all of a sudden you, like, can't even look at your computer screen anymore, and you reach for your phone, and then you're like, you see a cute hat, and you're like, let me buy the hat. And like, that all happens within two minutes. And like, that's when you're like, oh, whoa, okay, something about what I was trying to do felt deeply unsafe, that my nervous system moved me away from it in a very real way. And I feel like my body lives and that at capacity state lately, yeah, and I really want to just acknowledge how hard that is. Living in that experience of being at capacity can also feel really scary, because we can lose a bit of trust in ourselves, of our ability to handle new stressors as they come in, because we already kind of feel like we're at the edge. So a very real, like, piece of practical advice that I always give to people that feel that they are kind of like at that level of capacity is, where are there very real things that you can take off your plate? Number one, like, I've had people that I work with and they're, like, running a business, they're getting a master's on the side, they're going to the gym and, like, they're doing all this stuff. And I'm like, can you take some time off of school? And people initially don't like hearing that, but guess what? You take time off of school, and now you have time to sleep and rest and nourish and do some somatic healing work, and they feel better. So see how you can de burden that allostatic load as best as possible. The second thing is, implement de shaming. So can you do things and kind of do them in a shitty way, but still do them like, can you put out a piece of content that maybe you feel good about the message, but the wording isn't perfect, and maybe in the past, you would have spent an extra 30 minutes perfecting it, but hey, today you're going to put it out, and you're going to accept yourself, and you're going to work on de shaming, the experience of putting something that feels imperfect out into the world and make yourself feel a little bit safer doing that. Kevin, curious about your take on the idea that men need pressure in order to grow in relation to nervous system regulation. I do believe that, but with a caveat, I think that at the end of the day, whether you're a man or a woman, relationship and relational security and having a safe place to be vulnerable is at the core of what we need. And I think that also in today's, in today's world, that's at an, you know, like an even higher level, is like a lot of men, most men have had the experience of being vulnerable and being punished for it, and especially when they've had that experience with other men and then also the women in their relationships. So men do really, well. This is just something kind of anecdotal. Thing. I have noticed men do really well and feel good and regulated and strong when they have a challenge, they make some type of progress towards overcoming the challenge and almost dominating it, and have a safe place to go and share what they did and how they felt about it, and receive support after they've had this kind of like initial go at it. Women, on the other hand, generally speaking, will feel more regulated when they're presented with a challenge, and they essentially soften by immediately sourcing support and admitting maybe they're scared. They're you know, they feel nervous about it, and they immediately source support and are vulnerable before going and working on the challenge or the problem. So it's just something I've noticed of almost like this order of operations. Exactly. Kevin, a brotherhood and a challenge feels empowering. A challenge without brotherhood feels like you're standing by yourself. The entire world is on your shoulders, and you have nowhere to turn to. So and again, we all have this, you know, whether you know, whether you want to call it masculine, feminine energy, action oriented energy, being energy we all need, we all need that in, you know, we need to leverage that in different moments, in different times. And there is this real, you know, physiological and hormonal relationship that our bodies will have depending if we have that male or female physiology.

Speaker 1  1:04:22
I can jump in real quick about one thing that actually Anna said that I think is actually a very common, prevalent theme that comes up for many of my neuromaster students as well. And I think it's important to mention, from a more practical or strategic standpoint, I've seen many people come into business from a place of unsafety, and they come into business to source that safety through their business itself. So especially during the pandemic, many people left their nine to five jobs. Many people got into the brand building space because they felt that that was their easy route to making quick income, making passive income, or whatever that looked like for them. And the analogy that I. Use, which is kind of funny, but it works, is that if you start a business and expect it to turn a profit or expected to provide that safety for you within the first couple of years, it's the same as if you were to have a child and expect it in the first year or two of its life to turn around and be doing dishes and cleaning around the house. And obviously we would not expect that from a an infant or from a toddler. But unfortunately, we've been primed to think that getting into business is something that, again, as long as we hack or we figure out the strategies, we figure out the tactics, it will create that result for us. And so unfortunately, many people have pushed themselves into functional freeze or have come into this space from a place of not feeling safe because they had these unrealistic expectations of what business can actually do. One of the things that I strongly stand against, especially in the coaching and marketing world, is people's telling you that you need to be all in in your business, and this is going to be your source of income, and in order to show that you're actually committed and dedicated and to create results like this is the thing that you got to go all in into I joke and I say that I often have told people to get more jobs than I've told them to leave their jobs only because we're trying to resource ourselves as much as possible. So creating an environment where you're actually being nourished financially, relationship wise, and not putting all of that burden and pressure on your brand to do the succeeding for you. The reason why so many of us quit our brands or feel burnt out by the content creation or marketing process is not because we haven't figured out how to market the right way, but it's more so because we've put all of this pressure on the brand to give us a sense of fulfillment, achievement, safety, financial literacy, like all of that. And so we really want to make sure that that place of safety is not just being sourced directly from the business itself, but it's an internal and environmental thing that we are nurturing,

Speaker 2  1:06:48
something that this kind of shift that I have been working on describing, I'm just going to send this in the chat. Then what you're saying, parmese kind of reminded me of is one of the things that I think can be a really great, a really great lens to understand what safety is, is we have survival safety and we have what I'll call soul safety. So like, even Anna shared, you know, like I started my business eight years ago at a passion after being fired from an engineering job, and it hasn't provided me safety all this time. And so survival safety is often associated with predictability. So this is where procrastination, it can feel awful to experience, yet when you do it enough times, it is a predictable path towards getting the shit done that you need to do. And in that sense, that is your survival safety. That is how you're sourcing safety through survival versus soul safety, which is, like, you know, what a lot of us we want to experience, which is, hey, I'm presenting in parmesas thing, you know, next week. Instead of waiting until like the 30 minutes before and frantically doing it and engaging in that survival safety, I'm going to engage in the soul safety. I'm going to use nervous system resourcing a week before, and I'm going to start to open my nervous system and my psyche to the ideas that want to come through. I'm going to maybe look at some notes of some things that might be interesting, start to let things to kind of like sink in. I might work on it a little bit. And then, yeah, the day of, and this is at least the way that I work. Then the day of, I typically will have a two hour chunk in the morning beforehand, where I sit down and I bring it all together, and that feels like Soul safety to me, because I already know everything's kind of floating around. I have something started, and there is not the experience of, oh, I'm sitting down and this is the first time I'm thinking of it, and the first time I'm tuning into it. So from that business perspective. And one thing I also want to say on this is, up until earlier this year, my whole business was, like a trauma response. And I loved it, and I totally built my business as a trauma response. Like it was like, I can't I have ADHD. I can't sit in an office. I can't work for other people. And people tell me what to do. I do not respond. Well, I poured a beer on a on a police officer when I was younger one time, and like, just, I can't handle just can't handle that. So it was more coming from a place of, if I can't do that, how do I make money? And I started learning about the nervous system, and that's like, you know, all these things came together. Realized I was good at public speaking, okay, I'm good at content. I can present. Okay, great. Like, let's do this. And then it was earlier this year where I was like, okay, every launch I do makes me hate my life, and I simultaneously feel so good about the content, but then I never want to, like, open my computer again after and I want that to change, because I want to have a family someday, and I just want to be like, I want to be a resourced woman, like I want to look at myself and be like, you're nourished, you're relaxed, you're regulated. Like, I want my daughters to see that. And so that's when I really started to sink into this experience of like, what is it like to have a core of safety in my body? And it's not necessarily changing every single pattern of yours. It is regulating your relationship with the pattern. So to me, I'm not some. Anybody that could create a presentation for today five days ago and actually still feel good about it the day of. I feel like I get really in the zone on the day of, and I let a little bit of that activated energy come in, because I know I'm going to present, and that's healthy. My I need to be a bit more activated. I can't be as if I'm watching TV right now, but that's different than me frantically being here, not having eaten today because I was so stressed and being completely just in my head and having no sensation in my body. So this shift of like, tuning into your system, of like, what feels like survival, predictable safety that makes me feel miserable. And what is this soul safety that permeas is speaking on as well, which is like, what is sustainable. You know what is real? What allows me to feel sensation in my legs at the same time that I'm creeping this email out, versus not even being able to be present in my body? Jessica asking, yes, dopamine depletes. Oxytocin, correct? Yeah. Okay. Kevin, saying you speak about sleeping and how it's important, any insight on what could be the cause and a solution to someone who hasn't been sleeping well, since you're 10, don't feel tired most of the time, regardless of what I'm doing the same day, week, month. The only thing that bothers me is mostly wasting time being in bed. Okay, so on one hand, men need less sleep than women. However, men still need good sleep. So this is where that evolutionary mismatch piece, I think, can really come in, into place. So our nervous system is also fundamentally regulated through light and dark cycles, meaning the sun and when the sun goes away and when we wake up in the morning, if we do not get exposure to natural light, especially before looking at artificial light, our nervous system is not able to tell what time of day it is. So for me, yes, the circadian rhythm. You wrote a thesis on this. Okay, so that would be my number one thing. Is really prioritizing that. And then from a like other nervous system and somatic perspective, is if you are not currently really spending much time in rest or digest or that parasympathetic state, you're just going to have a really hard time sleeping. And I know a lot of people say you're like, do these practices, like down regulate before you go to bed, blah, blah, all these kinds of things that can definitely help. But I think it's a it's a bigger thing. I've worked with my dad on this because he really struggles to sleep. He started woodworking recently. When he Woodworks, he actually built this desk that I'm using right now, and he delivered it yesterday. It's really awesome. And something he has noticed is ever since he started woodworking, he has started sleeping way better. And this is because when he's woodworking, he is in a parasympathetic state, and when he is doing less woodworking and more he's an engineer, AutoCAD work and golfing with his buddies and drinking and whatever, he sleeps less. So really, really important, just on a day to day basis, whether it's right before bed or not to be able to access that parasympathetic rest or digest state. The other thing that I would also look at is, like, magnesium levels. Magnesium can lack of magnesium can cause anxiety. And something I know has helped me is I have, like, a really good magnesium supplement I spray on the bottom of my feet before I go. My feet before I go to bed at night. So that would also be something else I'd maybe consider looking at. And, yeah, Kevin, I mean, I also you need to use your body like I notice on days that I work out, or when I don't work out, I don't sleep as well. But I think that there is that real, you know, like psychosomatic, emotional component of yeah, you need to physically exhaust yourself, but also your body just needs to feel safe to go into a state of unconsciousness, because that is a very vulnerable state. Barbara, any relationship to starting to feel safe and gaining weight, yeah, especially for women, there's Yeah, that was actually something I experienced, like, two years ago, when I went from like, not eating breakfast to then I'm, like, Now I eat 30 grams of protein for breakfast. And really am on that ancestral, like, way of, you know, like eating and living the other thing with weight gain that always speaks to like a hormonal piece. And so that's where, again, I would look at there's a huge link between, like, weight gain, PCOS, imbalance, hormones and childhood trauma or low level, chronic dysregulation. And then also just looking at the circadian health piece, looking at things like, are you getting enough protein? Actually? Kevin, that's one of the thing. When people don't get enough protein, they typically can't sleep. Well, just as a side note. So looking at things like, can you have a big breakfast, or at least a breakfast that has protein, carbs, fats in it, there's a woman that came into the program that I'm releasing right now. Her name is Sarah Murphy, or the potent plant on Instagram, and we have a whole section on essentially, like restoring your. Physiology after chronic stress that goes through a lot of the stuff, like the circadian basics, grounding, proper hydration, kind of like nervous system nutrition. So maybe something to consider checking out or at least look at her stuff on Instagram.

Speaker 2  1:15:18
Jessica, do you have any thoughts on delayed sleep phase syndrome. I'm not super familiar with that, so I don't currently have any thoughts on it. One thing I will say, though, anything chronic has its root in the nervous system, because the nervous system is what signals to the rest of your body, which is both great, but can also be kind of annoying, because it's like, oh my God, everything is the nervous system, but it kind of is fads asking, what are some general activities you notice that help get and stay in the parasympathetic state? So this will be unique to everybody, but this is where I actually went to this Biohacking Conference that carmeas knows about a few years ago. And one of the guys that presented really framed this in a good way. There's, so there's two kind of versions, I think, of being in parasympathetic state. One is like, complete rest. So this could just be like, you're in a massage, and you like you're just very much feeling the sensations of your body, and you almost kind of feel like you're on the verge of sleep. That's like, you know, getting a massage, acupuncture, an Epsom salt bath, slow walks in nature like these are all great things. Other things that can help to put you into a parasympathetic state is when you go into flow state. But I would kind of say, like, everything's a spectrum. When you're doing something that is hard enough that it requires your focus, but not so hard that you are getting frustrated, so that could, like, even for me, I totally get into parasympathetic state, creating content. I think probably right now I'm in a slightly activated parasympathetic state. I feel very in flow. I feel feel very connected to my body. So Pilates, for a lot of people, slow, controlled movement that is connected to your body, that can be a great way of starting to create that sense of flow. Go line dancing, go salsa dancing. Learn a new skill, something that is basic enough again, that you can learn and then you can trust your body to execute it without having to use your mind to control your body, but it's hard enough that you still need to be present and actually focus. I think that's why like woodworking for my dad is so great, like, he has to be aware enough so he doesn't, like, cut his hand off, but he's, you know, like getting into staining a desk, and it's really nice. Um, Jamie as a neurodivergent individual, what does a work day look for you? Um, it's a really good question. Like, today as an example, was like a full work day. So I woke up, I have a cacao and raw milk latte that I make. I drink that outside in the sun, put my bare feet on the ground until I absolutely can't stand it and it's cold anymore. I read a little bit of a fiction book, like A Court of Thorns and Roses, if anybody's familiar with that, that fantasy fairy life, whatever that is, made some breakfast, met up with a friend around 10am and worked for like an hour and a half on a lesson that I'm launching tomorrow. Had lunch prepped for this. I'm here now and then my work day will be over. That's like a full work day for me. I tend to have, like, I like to have free days where I don't have to work at all, and then I'll work a lot the next day. And I just find one of the things I have learned, and again, this is going back to regulating your relationship with the pattern. It is normal to have peak output followed by rest. That in and of itself, is not bad. It is when we artificially induce it through procrastination, that the dysregulation is present. So something that I have really been embracing with myself is that I absolutely have these, like days where I'll work for seven hours straight, and then I have the next day where I don't work at all. And that has is something that now I'm like, oh, it's not dysregulation. That's like a normal work cycle, and I'm choosing consciously to do that. So wanted to comment on that. Um, yeah, cacao and raw milk is the God's beverage, absolutely. So I'm in Canada, and technically raw milk is illegal here, like I straight up could go to jail. It's taken me two years to find this cute little Mormon couple that have a farm, and I'd like drive there a couple days a week to go and pick it up, depending on where you are, like, if you're in the States, I think it's a bit easier to get but hit up your local farmers and just like, go talk to them in person. Don't text them about it and ask them, and you'll eventually be able to find somebody.

Speaker 1  1:19:41
Dana, this has been amazing. I have one last thing just to wrap this all up. I think this was phenomenal, and I'm sure everyone gained tons and tons of value from from your wisdom this, this one last thing that I feel like kind of wraps up everything we've talked about in terms of both strategy from my end, but also the nervous system, kind of like calibration. On your end, is handling yourself in the midst of uncertainty, when it comes to knowing that you're on the verge of something big, knowing that you're you're in the process, you're in the midst of creating, whether it's your brand, whether it's your you know your your framework, your concepts, like just feeling like you're on the cusp of something big, but not being there yet, and how to keep yourself in a regulated state where you're not over you know, fantasizing about how great life is going to be once it's figured out, but also being in a place of being patient with yourself, not rushing, not feeling like you're competing against other people. One of the big things I see from many of my clients is they always say, I feel like I should be further along by now. I feel like I've been in this in many, for many years. I feel like I've been trying to figure it out, and I've been doing all the things. I've been doing, all of the doing. I've been consuming all of the content, and I'm working at it. But why is it not my time yet? Now, of course, I have my perspective on it, and guys, we will be getting late into that, a little bit later in the program as well, but I would love to hear your perspective from a nervous system standpoint of how can one manage themselves as we wrap the session up.

Speaker 2  1:21:07
Okay, so, two practical things, when you are very in that state, and you're feeling that like anxious, almost, kind of energy in your body, and you might feel like you're starting to tend towards the overwhelm and like, I don't know if I can do this, and this kind of thing, a big part of having body literacy or nervous system literacy is knowing when to strategically dissociate, when to strategically use coping mechanisms. And this is going back to the principle of we, we we only are truly regulated to the point that we can be safely present in our body. So if you are experiencing that verge of overwhelm, and what is going to allow you to keep going is to at least for me, sometimes it's literally smoking a joint and like eating ice cream and then getting back to work, okay, that's what I'm going to do instead of okay, I need to do this meditation practice, and I need to fully be immersed in my body and be so present with it all that's actually reinforcing the imprint that is going to prevent you from actually doing the work to begin with, so on a practical level, but true body literacy is being as present as a safe and then strategically being able to dissociate and using coping mechanisms. So essentially, you can just keep going. Because at the end of the day, the people that have that success, or whatever it is that we want keep going, they keep going. So that's kind of number one. Number two is, I think, a really useful exercise is to define, like, what it means to have your time, because our nervous system, when we are in a dysregulated state, that which we're scared of feels ever present to us, yet is often vague, and vagueness is a clear sign that this is potentially just like a made up negativity bias Your nervous system is scared of it. So get really clear on okay, what actually does it mean to you to feel like it's not your time yet? Does that mean that you're not making a specific amount of money? Does that mean that you like the amount of money that you're making, but the way that you're making it is too stressful, okay? Or maybe it is right now, you're working 40 hours a week, and you want to work 20, and you see someone else that is saying, work 20 hours a week and make 30k months. So get really clear on what it means for you to have your time and practically what that looks like. And then start to spot where the gaps are between what that practically looks like and what you're experiencing right now. The gap is like your nervous system freaking out, essentially. And then on this, like somatic side, I will always come back to this one, radical self acceptance. Can you accept who and how you are right now, as you are in the midst of feeling overwhelmed and you don't know what's going on? Two, seek support through co regulation. Vulnerable co regulation, do not do a co work session with somebody and try and compete of who is going to do more work, or try and present yourself as being so awesome, because I've done that in the past, and then you just end up being a business mentor to whoever it is that you're trying to co work with, instead of just co working and receiving support and then actually doing and if You can, like working with a somatic practitioner, somebody that does somatic experiencing and because what we did today was like, still very cerebral, the experience of actually digesting stress in your body is nonverbal. There's barely any talking that happens when you do Somatic Experiencing sessions. And that is long term. What is going to really support you with sustaining the felt level of safety in your body as you are doing new things, which at the end of the day, every next level you get to is new, your nervous system initially doesn't like new because that doesn't know if you can survive there. So you need to kind of create enough safety that your nervous system doesn't associate that new thing with. Potentially dying. So those are kind of my range of practical to like how you would really support your nervous system.

Speaker 1  1:25:09
I love that. Thank you so much for sharing. I think it's really important. And many of you also, you know, as we're, you know, discussing through things, through DMS on our Instagram, many people say, like, I really like that. You go on these really long nature walks, and you talk about that, and I really like that. You like show that you smoke cigars or whatever. And as much as I, you know, it's part of

Speaker 2  1:25:28
my taught me how to smoke a cigar, by the way, I did. I did. She came over and

Speaker 1  1:25:33
she smoked. I showed her how she needs to cut it, hold it, light it. There's like a whole etiquette behind cigar smoking where it's not just like a cigarette, it's like, it's a whole, there's a there's, there's finesse around it. It's very classy. But, yeah, there's, there's many parts of my brand that I've also tried to incorporate the, not the balance of, like making sure that you know, you're living a balanced lifestyle. But it's that cyclical living, and that that indulgence in certain things that are nervous system regulating. And I mean, I don't smoke cigars to regulate my nervous system. That's not the intention behind it, but it does fat like it kind of fits into some of the things that Dana's saying here, and also with the on seasons versus off seasons, or really being able to listen to your body. One of the things that Dana and I really kind of mesh on when it comes to this is that cyclical way of you might have a day where you have seven hours of output, or for me, particularly, I have maybe two to three months out of the year that I go hard, and I'm talking probably 40 to 50 hour weeks. And it's not coming from a place of pushing myself. I'm in that season right now, and I'm quite enjoying it. I've like cut out social ties, and I don't mind at all. I'm in a very, very high season of output. But this summer, I decided to just spontaneously get up and go to Italy like there was. There was these seasons of relaxation and experimentation and taking in life, and then seasons of planting seeds and really kind of allowing them to germinate, and then seasons of allowing that output to come through. So the more attuned you become to your body, the less you try to force and push your way through it. And this becomes especially important in the process of brand building, because it's not done in a vacuum, and that is why one of the things I keep repeating to you guys as well is don't expect everything to be figured out within this five to eight week period. There's going to be so much more that is going to come as you sit with the content, as you digest it, as you play with it. There's there's a lot more that is going to happen outside of the confines of this program itself. You just need to listen to your body and ask yourself, What's the content that's going to be the most relevant to you right now, and what are things that you can come back to later, so that there's no overwhelm of feeling like I need to learn and implement and test and iterate all within the confines of of being in here. So thank you so much, Dana. I would also love for you to just really quickly plug in this little program that you're coming up with that I think would be very beneficial to many people in here. For anyone who wants to take this even one step deeper and kind of understand some of the practical aspects of what Dana does, would love for you to kind of give a quick little explanation, and then we'll, we'll wrap this up for good, awesome.

Speaker 2  1:28:03
Yeah, so I am in the process right now of relaunching my signature course, which I launched at the beginning of my business, and have obviously learned a lot since then. So it's called nervous system healing, 101, it's a 30 day program. The there's a pre recorded version. It gets released. Lessons get released every two days. And part of that is because this is specifically for people in functional freeze that would want to take everything all at once and not let it integrate. So it is released every two days on purpose. And then you have the option, if you wanted to join in on a live one month immersion that begins next week. And each week we have two co study sessions, so you'll actually be with other people going through the material. That was one of the things that I wanted to do for this. That's on Tuesdays and Thursdays, and then a weekly live somatic healing and nervous system workshop where we're going to actually get into doing the orienting practices. We're going to get into doing the resourcing practices, applying de shaming and shadow work in real time, and that is a focus on functional freeze. And one of the workshops I think everyone's most excited for is applying nervous system work to procrastination cycles and how to really actually begin to kind of soothe that part of your nervous system. So that begins next week, runs for one month. You get access to the pre recorded course and the live immersion, or you can do just the pre recorded course and kind of go through that over the course of the 30 days. So that is what is coming up for me, my last kind of thing of this year. And then I'm heading to Guatemala for my birthday. I turned 30 this year. I'm going to celebrate and have a destination birthday party and be kind of bougie.

Speaker 1  1:29:37
So I love it. Well, thank you so much, guys. I so so appreciate your participation your questions as well. Dana like, from the bottom of my heart, this is the work that is missing in this space. I so appreciate you coming in and sharing your wisdom. I'm sure this is this has provided many little mindgasms, as I like to call them, for people in here. So appreciate you deeply. And. Hope to have you back at some point, guys, let's give her a little quick round of applause for being here and for sharing her wisdom. Thank you so so much. Hope you guys have a great rest of your day, and Dana, we will talk

Unknown Speaker  1:30:11
later. Amazing. Have a great day, everybody. Ciao, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai