Speaker 1  00:06
So today's session is going to go through a very, very deep overview of what is the difference between branding and marketing, and hopefully by the end of today's call, you guys will have a very strong idea on exactly where you need to focus to create that brand of substance before we get into all of the marketing aspects. Okay, so one of my biggest missions is to make sure that this knowledge is accessible to brands, because the gap that I noticed in our space is that many people fell into the trap of creating high ticket products, filming entire programs, courses, launching and for whatever reason, felt like there wasn't enough demand to create the results or create the goals that they wanted in their space. And again, with the online marketing business kind of boom in the last couple of years, there's also a lot of misinformation out there on what genuinely gets results and what is just kind of built on hype. So many of you guys know I've been running a program called neuro message for the past year and a half, and like I said, there's two people right now in this container that are from that program, and one of the primary reasons I started that program was to create a space where people could learn the principles of ethical marketing, not just what to say to get sales or how to best position your product or your service, but really creating an ethical way to create demand, without having to rely on pushy tactics and formulas and templates and things that we've been taught in these last couple of years that You need in order to create demand, in order to create sales for your business. So with that program being as monumental and as big as it is, many people applied, and I realized that if they don't have the core principles or the core foundations of their brand in place, it becomes extremely difficult for them to apply some of the marketing and messaging tactics or some of the things that I'm teaching in there. So I created this program to have a more accessible way for newer brands, or brands that have now repositioned themselves, or brands that are evolving past their past message to learn what the basic foundations of brand building are before getting swept up into the world of marketing, and part of my mission is making sure that everyone has access to real information and real insight many courses and programs, as many of you also expressed on your onboarding sheets, is that you went into a program with a certain expectation of what you were going to take away or what You were going to learn, and unfortunately, you felt that the processes were way too cookie cutter, or the teachings were only suited for a very specific type of brand. And so many of you have expressed that you had a lot of resistance or a lot of frustration coming out of programs with really big promises, but feeling like you weren't given the level of support that you needed. And my kind of overarching diagnosis of why that happens is because we go into programs without a solid foundation and understanding of what our brand needs to actually succeed. So my goal, really for this program is to create a space where you guys feel like you're getting one hands on support, on the actual mechanisms behind your brand, and two, a really deep understanding of why you started your business in the first place. I'm going to be kind of honing in on that. And I know that all of you are very mission led. All of you are very passionate about what it is that you do. But I'm going to prompt you guys to think even more deeper as to why you got into business. What is the problem that you're that you're solving? What is the gap that you're fulfilling? And who are the people who can best benefit from what it is that you do, not just everybody, and not you know anyone that you can reach. We don't want to create brands to scale just because we can. We want to create brands that actually solve a relevant need, and especially, and I'm going to emphasize this even more, especially in today's marketplace, where skepticism is increasingly high, competition is increasingly high. We're no longer living in the era where you can just package up whatever it is that you like, and, you know, put a couple of nice logos out there, and people are going to come to buy we really want to make sure that we're creating products, we're creating solutions that are sustainable and that are actually serving an important need in the marketplace. All right, so that's my little introduction. I'm going to get into a little bit of some of the logistical things that I think are important to review. I know that you guys get emails with reminders of the calls and whatnot, but I just want to make sure want to make sure that this is recorded for anyone catching the replay as well. So as you guys know, we have five calls which, by the way, there's going to be some micro changes I'm going to be making to these calls that I'll let you guys in on in just a moment. But hang in there. So the calls are going to be happening on Tuesdays. At 1pm these calls are mentorship calls. So these are not Q and A calls. These are not coaching calls. These are not, you know, come with a problem, and I will solve it for you. Calls. These are mentorship so the bulk of the calls are going to consist of me teaching concepts, and going to be basing it on a lot of theoretical concepts around branding, messaging, positioning, and really kind of helping you guys understand the nitty gritty of what creates sustainable brands. Now with that being said, as you guys saw in my intro video, I do want to open up the second half of these calls for you guys to ask your questions, for you guys to gain clarity, and for us to create an environment where you guys feel like you're getting the support that you need. But with that being said, there will be additional Q A calls added throughout this program so that you guys feel like you're getting more hands on support. Because I know and anyone that's worked with me in the past will also tell you this, most of the mentorship calls are going to fire hose you with new insight and new information that is going to make your brain spin a little bit, and I mean this with the utmost respect, but most people don't have the capacity to both learn and apply on the same call, and so anyone that has worked with me in the past will tell you that you would most likely prefer to listen and engage and just take in the information, let it sit with you for a little bit, and then come Back with questions once you've had the time to digest and marinate on the information a little bit more. My teaching style is very unique. It is based on the Socratic method. So I don't have PowerPoint slides. I don't have, you know, worksheets and templates that I'm going to feed you. I know that that's standardized within the learning design world, but the way that I operate is making sure that your brains are turned on and that you're paying attention to the key pieces of information that are relevant to your brand. Meaning, not everything that I'm going to talk about in this program is going to be relevant for where you're at, but I want you guys to be critical about what are the pieces of information that you can apply right away, and what are things that you want to bank and come back to later. Alright, a couple couple more people jumping into the calls. Welcome, welcome. I'm giving a quick little introduction and a brief overview of what to expect here. Alright, the second piece that I want you guys to keep in mind is, because of the density of these mentorship calls, I will kindly, kindly ask you guys to keep your questions for when you are only prompted to ask questions in these groups, sorry on these calls, and to wait until the teaching portion is done. This is really important, because I want to make sure that you guys are absorbing the information before you're thinking about, how do I apply this immediately? And more often than not, your question is probably going to be answered throughout the presentation at some point or in some form, but you just have to be patient and trust the process. Okay, if there's things that you come up for you and that you would really like to get some support or feedback on, you can write them down, drop them in the chat after Khadija is going to be doing a great job of making sure that all the questions are banked and that you guys have a clear timeframe as to when you'll be responded to, whether it's on this call, whether we stay on a little bit longer, whether I jump into the group afterwards and give you guys personalized support, there's always a way to work around it. So no problem at all. All right, next, next, next, how to use the training portal and re watching the replays. So by now, you guys have all likely received an email. I also posted in the group, what the kind of login to that training portal is going to be. So that training portal is for you guys to access the replays, to watch the replays. And if there's any additional resources that I create during the duration of this program, you will have them in a bonus section in there. So my team is usually really good at uploading these replays within 24 to 48 hours of the calls, so if by any chance, they're not done by by that time frame, I will usually give you guys a ping, but I highly recommend checking the replays and again. Anyone who's worked with me in the past will also tell you that these replays are gold. You might want to go back to them time and time again, these trainings and the level of depth that we're going to cover in these mentorship calls are not going to be something that you just listen, grasp, take notes and then you're done with it. It's something that you want to consistently come back to and make sure that as you're getting even more deeply embodied in what your core messages, in what your brand concepts are, there's going to be deeper levels that will be unveiled to you the more you watch these trainings. I've even had clients from two years ago come back to me just recently and say that I just re watched a training that you did you know back in 2021 and I have such a deep understanding of what you were saying back then, but I wasn't ready for the message then. And so you guys have lifetime access to these trainings, so that you can come back to them and make sure that you get all the juices and all the the goodness that that flows out of them.

Speaker 1  09:45
Um, okie dokie, we're moving on to the next. Let me just quickly take a look at the chat. Everyone is good. Yes, sweet. Alright. So yes, the Q, a sessions, like I said, will be dispersed throughout the call. I recognize that this is a big group. And I also recognize that there is people in multiple time zones, so I'm going to do my best to make sure that the Q, a calls are dispersed in a way that feels fair, and so that people who are all over the world and in different areas feel like they have access to the calls at an appropriate time and again, there will be opportunities for you guys to drop your questions into the group, and if you feel like it's something that you just want quick feedback on, and it doesn't necessarily need to be on a call, you can always drop it in the Facebook group, and I'll be happy to answer in there. Okay, now some exciting parts. I have some surprise updates about this group, and as you guys saw in my post or my introductory post in the group today, I kind of do things on a whim. I'm trying to think of like how to how to describe it. I like to do things for fun. I like to experiment. My entire brand was a massive experiment, and just following some intuitive nudges for me. And so when I initially put this group together, I quite literally thought that I know there's a couple of people in my in my audience, there's a couple people who've reached out to me via DMS, asking for more accessible ways to work together. And I would really love to create a secondary group outside of neuro message to support these people. What I didn't know is how many of you guys there were. And given that I don't know if I will ever be running this program again live, and given the uncertainty that is happening behind the scenes with my own personal life, I wanted to make sure that each of you actually get the chance to be in this container. With that being said, I've made a couple of shifts as to how I originally thought that I would be running this group. So first surprise is that this group is going to be extended past the five weeks. What that means is that we're going to have five core trainings, so five major pillars of branding that still are going to be delivered the same way that I originally intended, but we are going to have two additional weeks of support, and I'm also bringing in a couple of guest speakers that will help reinforce some of the concepts and some of the ideas that I will Be that I'll be teaching. Second surprise is that I will also be keeping the Facebook group open from now until the end of the year for personal life support. What that means is, even beyond when the calls are over, you guys will still have the ability to drop questions, to drop documents and to receive feedback from me from now until the end of December. The reason for that is going back to what I said at the very beginning of this call, is that the trainings are dense, and many of you, it's your first time working with me, and you're going to be like, Oh my gosh, premise. How do you expect me to learn and apply and test and iterate and all of the things within five weeks? One of the reasons why neuro message is as long as it is, is because I give people a creative playground to be able to experiment and test and not feel rushed to create whatever it is that they want to create. I'm a huge believer that things that are worth creating will take time they will create, or they will take an incubation period to really come into what they're meant to be. And the creative process cannot be rushed. I am not about the how to make 10k in 10 days, how to grow your six figure brand in 90 days or less. If you've been following me for a while, you know that I'm very, very strongly against that way of thinking, and the reason for that is because I know that anything that is meant to actually create a ripple effect and to is actually meant to create an impact in our space is going to take some time to develop. It's going to take some time to come together. And so with that being said, as I know that I will be fire hosing you guys with a whole bunch of new information. But I fully know that, because you guys are all smart and you're attracted to my way of thinking, you can handle it. I'll be extending the time period that you have access to my brain inside of this container, so that you make sure that whatever you are learning, you are not feeling rushed or feeling like you have only a very limited time period to get the best out of it. So that's that you guys get. You guys get lots of access in here. And then the third surprise I mentioned, there's a couple of guest experts coming in. So we our first guest expert is a nervous system specialist. Is my friend, Dana does well. Some of you might follow her. Some of you might have seen me. Post her on my stories. If you don't know her, I strongly suggest checking out her work on Instagram. It is Dana dozy. I can even drop it here. Actually, let me drop her handle in the chat here. She is a nervous system and de shaming expert, where she is going to come in and help us understand some of the physiological components of regulating yourself to a new standard of running business. Now I know some of you might be thinking, What does nervous system have to do with business? Well, as many of you guys know, because you've been in business for a bit of time, entrepreneurship is a very dysregulating process. Entrepreneurship is a it's going to push you past your limits. It's going to push you to have uncomfortable conversations with yourself. It's going to push you to. To do things that you did not think you will be able to that you didn't think you'd be able to do before. And it's also going to challenge a lot of your beliefs and assumptions when it comes to growing a sustainable brand, especially like in our current era of marketing and branding and all of the things that are going on. You know, a lot of people are lacking that self trust and lacking that ability to fall back on their own, I don't want to say identity, but their own regulation skills to be able to navigate some of the difficulties and the ups and downs of relationships and creating new offers and expanding their capacity for for larger amounts of money or people. And so Dana's going to be coming in, and she's going to be doing a guest expert session with us, middle of October. I'll release the date exactly in the times and all of that very soon, but you guys will get to see both of us in action, where we talk about, you know, how to regulate and how to make sure that you're implementing some of the physiological components of running a business and running a brand, so that it's not just, you know, here's how to make a post. It's so much more than that. It's so, so much more than that. Taking a quick look at the chat, yeah, nervous system regulation is so important, absolutely. And this is something that personally, within the last year, I have felt like I've had to really, really tap into, given the fact that I've been living nomadically for the past two and a half years, given the fact that my business has expanded tremendously just in the last three years alone. And aside from just making sure that I'm raising my authority in this process, I've really had to recalibrate back to what a normal or what a new baseline of capacity looks like. So I think this would be really, really important. Victoria says, amazing. Nobody talks about this yet. I know. I know. And this is where we really want to make sure that we're bringing in the different facets of branding so that it's not just here's a tactic, here's a strategy, here's what you need to post, here's what your website needs to say. It's so much more about a holistic perspective of how to build a brand that is uniquely you. Last surprise, I said there's a second person coming in here. So in November, I believe we the date that we settled on was November 11 or 12th. No 12th. It's November 12. I'm going to have my friend Haley Lloyd coming in to do a guest experts best session on authority building and inner Authority building. So much of what this container is going to be focused on is all of the outer authority stuff. So really understanding what your branded concepts are, what your what your thing is, what your expertise is, what do you specialize in? What's the process that you use? So we really want to make sure that while we're building some of the external components of our brand, we are also building the inner authority, or what I like to call your inner conviction. Because to me, that is truly the secret ingredient to scaling a business that really, really allows you to not just get the visibility in the sales, but that allows you to kind of step into that identity of the expert that you know that you are. So Haley's going to be coming in Victoria says that. Did you have her. IG, yeah, so it's Haley, June Lloyd and I can and Khadija, if you don't mind dropping her in there too. Hold on a second. I got let me see if I can type it out as we do this, Haley, there we go. Okay, I got it. So if you guys want to give if you guys want to check her out as well. She's got some some epic stuff. It's what's interesting is that Haley and I actually worked together. She was in a previous container where I was a co coach in and then from that point, Haley worked with me one on one to develop a lot of the trainings and a lot of the concepts that she created in the last couple of years. And a lot of what she teaches is also what we're going to be kind of covering in here when it comes to really building that authority and building demand for your business. Again, it's not just about how to present your content in a way that gets sales. It's more so

Speaker 1  18:54
how to create demand from a place of groundedness and from a place of really, kind of knowing your expertise, all right, and the very last thing to cover before we move on to the actual session, is you guys are feel free to post the behind the scenes of this call on social media, as you guys know, and as you can see, I have a very engaged audience, obviously, because all of you are here, all of you are here, but I really want to Make sure that you guys kind of get the visibility. As well. I, like I said, anytime I've reposted people or stuff, a lot of people have kind of flocked to follow and I really want to make sure that you guys get the visibility that that you deserve, because I want your your accounts and your businesses to grow as well. So if you feel called to it, you can always post a BTS of our calls make sure that you tag me so that I can actually repost you. But that will be, yeah, that's something else that you feel free, feel free to do, and you can share whatever part of this call. I don't. There's nothing where I'm like, Don't post on social media. So don't worry too much about that. All right, before we move on to the actual teaching section of this call. Does any. One have any questions? Anyone feeling everyone feels good. Everyone feels clear, amazing. Okay, good stuff. All right, let's move on. So as I said, I noticed that I created a bit of a monster with this with this program, not because of the sheer amount of people that are in it, but also because, when I sat down and started putting pen to paper as to what I wanted to teach, I realized that there is so much ground that I want to cover. And this always happens, right? We always kind of underestimate how much we know about a topic until we start talking about it, or until we start writing about it, and this is one of the biggest reasons why I tell each and every one of my clients, my clients to have a daily writing practice or a weekly writing practice. It is not even for the purpose of content or putting it out there. It is more so for you to start really getting grounded in your expertise and realizing that you actually have a lot to say, like a lot to say. I think one of the biggest misconceptions is that you need to have clarity on who you are, what your offer is, you know what your brand stands for, and have all components of your identity figured out before you actually start writing and creating and publishing. And it is in my experience and with the hundreds of clients that I've worked in that that clarity is going to come. The more you engage with it, the more that you write, the more that you produce, and even if nobody sees it, I want you guys to get into the habit over the next 578, weeks, to start getting into a practice of writing down thoughts they don't need to make sense, they don't need to be perfectly formulated into a post. This is one of the reasons why I get all my clients to literally buy a new notebook or, you know, get get open up their notes app, and every single day, whether it's morning or evening, whenever your brain feels more fresh, I want you guys to start dumping ideas out. And the ideas don't even have to be related to what you do for business. I think one of the biggest hurdles for people is, well, I have so much that I want to say, how do I tie it all to what what I do for business, and how it's going to create demand for my business? I don't want you to worry about that. What I want you to worry about is just making sure that the thoughts are getting out of your head and onto paper, because you'll be shocked at how much is is going to be, you know, just flowing out of you. So back to my story. I realized that there's a lot that I want to cover, and so for today's session, I've actually put together a very comprehensive overview of the history and the theory behind branding. So what we're going to be covering today is it will be practical, but it's mostly going to be a theory lesson to help you understand the mechanisms of branding, of psychology, brand positioning, and really just to get the creative juices flowing for your own brand concept, we're also going to be deconditioning you from many of the traditional branding and marketing themes that have many of you feeling stuck and overwhelmed on how to gain traction with your business. So a really big part of my role inside neuro message and with all of my private clients is I help people go through almost like a 30 to 60 day shedding period. And this period is where people have a lot of resistance, because, like I said, the way I do things is very different than what typical marketing teaches. And because of that, many people have been indoctrinated to but this is what I've always been told, or, but this is what my coach told me or but this is what I've been told will work. And so part of my role is to decondition people from feeling like, oh, I has. I have to do it this way, to getting to play and getting to experiment and learning how to do it your way. Another big complaint that I read from many of you on your onboarding sheets is you join programs because they told you it's not going to be cookie cutter, but then it just ended up being co up being cookie cutter. So you know, coaches tell you that it's all going to be good, like, we'll make sure that it's implementable and it's custom to your brand. But then if you veered off course or did things differently than they recommended, you were like, well, I didn't really get the results. So we want to make sure that everything is customized to your way of doing things, and in order to do that, we need to break free of this belief that you have you have to follow a template, or there's a right way to do marketing. So the deconditioning phase is also going to happen within today's call, where I'm going to try to burst some of the myths that I see being circulated around branding, and really kind of get you guys grounded into the idea that you can do things your way, and you can still succeed while doing it that way. Okay, a couple of agreements for this program so that we can start this deconditioning process and really get you guys on board with my philosophies and really kind of doing things the neuro brand way. So first and foremost, I want you guys all to agree that everything I'm going to teach you inside this container is an experiment. So I want you to stay open to experimenting and to changing your approach and ideas throughout the program, each of you have listed, what are some of the things that you want to have accomplished, what are some of the goals that you want to hit within the next six months? Be open to these changing I've had a number of people come into my world and have. Completely excavated the way that they do business, and have completely flipped their business models inside and out. And although I don't identify as a business coach, I don't call myself a business coach. I don't market myself as a business coach. As a result of many of My Teachings and how I create brands, I've noticed that many, many people, all of a sudden, take a completely different approach to how they thought they were going to do business. People have pivoted their niches. People have pivoted the ways that they approach branding and marketing in general. And so this can be a little bit scary, because thinking back to the deconditioning stuff, you might have become really acclimatized to a to a certain way of doing business, or to a certain way of thinking your business should look like. So I just want you guys to stay open to the fact that this might change and evolve as we learn things. The second agreement that I want us all to collectively get on the same page on is that we are here to develop a skill not get a result. And this is so backwards within a branding and marketing program, because most people come in here with the hopes of walking away with some sort of tangible results. And while I will promise that you absolutely will get a tangible result, the tangible result is going to look in the form of a skill set, not necessarily a result. If you guys pay attention to the way that I brand and market myself, I do not rely on client testimonials, income, claims, money wins, or any sort of ego based desires to get people inside my programs. And because you followed along with how I was promoting this program, you will also notice that I focused more on what is the mechanism and the skill set that you will take away from this program, not necessarily what the result is. And again, going back to what I said around the experimentation and giving yourself this the space to play inside this container. I don't want you guys to feel like you need to see some sort of tangible ROI, to feel like you got value out of this. The value of this program is learning how to brand and position yourself without overthinking, without wondering what you need to say, without feeling like you have to look to other people for, you know, for inspiration or for permission to do things a certain way. The goal of this program is to empower you and to help you develop that deep, deep inner conviction that you know what it is that you're talking about and that you can create and brand and market any program from here on out. Alright, that's really, that's really the goal of this, of this program, the third one and I covered, covered this really briefly, is that there's no right or wrong way of applying the content. The key here is knowing how to best use the content for your particular brand. So there will be things that I teach where you might have some difficulty knowing how it applies to your particular idea or your particular process. And this is where I come in with the caveat and say that not everything I will teach is going to be directly applicable to where you are at right now. So we want to make sure that we're being critical around does this piece of information apply to me right now, or is this something that I want to hold on to park and come back to later. One of the again, one of the other mistakes I see people making is that they go into a program and feel completely overwhelmed by all the tactics and strategies that are being that they're being taught, because they feel like that is what they need at this level. Many of you are coming in here because you're in very different levels in your business and in your brand building journey. Some of you have just started. Others have been in your space for your for a very long time, and now you're looking to pivot or refresh. Other people have been in their business for a couple of years, but not really seeing traction. And so the information is going to be applicable to all. However, it might not be something that will be applicable to you right in this moment or within the confine of this container.

Speaker 1  28:40
Number four, there's no urgency or rush to have all the answers right now, so allow the creative process to unfold. So I talked about this very deeply, and I know that sometimes it might be hard to just surrender and trust the process, but sometimes when the answers are not coming to you, this will be especially relevant when we're talking about building a branded concept or building a framework, because many of you are multi passionate, many of you are multi talented, and you might feel like there's many, many things that you want to tie all together, but it'll feel like scattered puzzle pieces, and you don't necessarily know how to bind those puzzle pieces together. This is where I'm going to just invite you into trusting the process and allowing your subconscious to kind of do the work, without feeling like you need to have the answers right now. Okay, so just let that process unfold, and just take a take a life of its own. The best that you can do is just show up and be present. And number five, finally is we are here to build value based brands, not quickly scalable brands. And I talk a lot about this in my own content, where many people get caught up in the hyper monetization hype as to, how do I get X amount of clients in X amount of time? How do I create X amount of money in X amount of time? And I want us all right now to collectively agree with me and yourselves that this program is not here to teach you any how. Back magic pill tactic or strategy that will bring in clients or get clients. This is a skill development program that will allow you the confidence to know how to speak about the thing that you do in a way that if you stick to it consistently and you apply the principles it will accumulate to developing a strong brand presence that will bring in clients over time. It is value based. It is expertise based. And everyone in this program, I want you guys all to agree that we are all in it for the process of mastery, not how do I create results as quickly as possible? We want to get out of that transactional mindset of what do I need to say to get the sale? How many times do I need to post to post to bring people in? What are the launch tactics or strategies that will help me get XYZ type of result? Alright? Everyone's everyone's nodding yes. Amazing. Amazing. Emily says value based brands for the win, yep. Push for value based brands. Exactly, yep, yep, yep, yep. We want to get away from the transactional nature of doing things. And I would even argue that many of you who are here right now, the reason why you are here and the reason why you were drawn to my brand is because of that. It's because I didn't use any of the tactics and strategies to get you guys in here. You were all here by choice. There was no objection overcoming. There was no sense of urgency, and you need this really badly. It was just purely here's what I've created, here's the demand that I know exists in the marketplace, and here's exactly what I feel clear and confident in being able to deliver. So with that being said, here are the results that you guys can expect. So over the next couple of weeks, you guys can expect to get clear on your brand's core idea. So the core concept, the umbrella category. We are going to be talking a little bit about this today, but we're going to be going much, much deeper into this next week. We're going to get clear on what you solve, who you solve it for, and how to position your brand amongst a sea of other providers that can make the same promises. So differentiation and understanding how to position yourself is going to be absolutely like the under pinning thing in all of brand building, because at the end of the day, we are not here to just create a product or service. We want to make sure that we're creating a brand that is actually in demand. So Long gone are the days that you can just whip together something because you had an idea in the shower and sell it. We really want to make sure that we're being ethical and intentional about the ways that we are creating the buzz around what we do. Number three, you can get clear on your unique mechanism, pathway or framework. So this is where I say we're going to move away from intuitive genius into crystallized genius. I will have a personal story to share about this when we get to this point. But many of you also are experts in your space, and you are people who you know have created way you know your your level of expertise, or there are you have created many, many transformation people. But then when asked where results or what process do you use, or what framework to use, many people have said, Well, I'm just kind of doing it by by intuition. I'm kind of just going by what I think is right, or what I know is right. And regardless of whether you're in the transformation space or you have a different type of brand, what we want to make sure, oh, is my audio skipping? Yes, no. Some people are saying yes. Some people are saying No, better now. Weird. All right, sorry about that, guys. I'll get that fixed for our next call. Strange. I'm gonna keep my camera off just for that purpose. But whatever we'll see, we'll see it's being transcribed. So you guys will have, we'll have access to it after all. Right, so what I was saying is basically, we want to make sure that you're going from intuitive genius to crystallized genius, so making sure that you have some sort of clear pathway, even if this is not some sort of step by step framework. If you guys are like me, I also do not have a step by step like step one, here's what we're going to do, and step two, here's what we're going to do. But what I do have is a framework in place that gives structure and gives a container to all of my genius. Because without it, I feel like I will show up to calls with clients, and it's overwhelming to know exactly what tool to pull out, when, what modality to use, what promises I can make with my offers. So you really want to make sure that no matter what field you're in, you have some sort of concept or framework that provides the container for what it is that you do. All right. The second last thing here is you're going to get clear on your brand's characteristics and essence. So this is what draws people to you and gets them to commit. Many people focus on building their authority in the space. Not very many people focus on building intimacy with the space. And there is a way of doing that where it doesn't feel like you need to be sharing your entire life story. Or if you're not a personal brand and you're a product based brand, you don't necessarily have to, you know, create some sort of sob story to get people connected. But. There are very method, methodological. Method is that a word here I am making up words as I go. There's a very method, whatever you guys know what I'm talking about, way of making sure that people build intimacy with where you're at. Yes, thank you. Thank you, Victoria. I can't speak English today, and the very, very last point here is getting clear on your core message and how to describe the transformation that you provide without getting tripped up. So it's very important for me to clarify something here, because I know many of you guys know me for messaging, is that this is actually not a marketing, sales and copywriting program. This container was not designed to help you strategize content or build out the details of your offer, or come up with your branding visuals, which most people think what branding is, right? Let's get the logos, typography, all that stuff, or learn how to convert clients through copywriting. It's beyond the scope of this program, okay? What this program is going to do is help you get clear on the core elements of your message. We're going to touch on offer creation, and what are the best ways that you can package your brilliance and how to build a demand through your presence. So that's the primary focus of this program, is to give you the building blocks of a brand that has a solid foundation, the brand that I've created for myself, and kind of the the demand that I've created oftentimes revolves around messaging, and many people mistakenly assume that messaging means I need to have the words. But messaging begins with your identity. It begins with understanding what it is that you want to say. So where people come to me inside neuro message to learn how right? So how is you know the copywriting components, making sure that your content is building an image, making sure that your storytelling is on par. What we're going to be doing in this container is what. So what is your brand going to stand for? What does it solve? Who is it for? And arguably, when you get really clear on these elements, you're going to feel like the words will just flow out of you. You're no longer going to overthink what needs to be said. You're no longer going to look to other people for what you know, what your brand needs to say, or what your content needs to cover. It's it's going to be a lot more coming from a place that that feels grounded and feels solid for you. All right. Now let's get into some of the differences between your core message, messaging and your content and your copy. Because I've made a couple of posts about this, and I've noticed that many people, and especially some of the some of you guys, who filled out the onboarding questionnaire here, I noticed that there was a lot of confusion between what your core message is and what messaging is versus what content and what copy is. So I'm going to be referring to these four terms, and I want to make sure that you guys have a clear idea of the difference between each one. So for the scope of this program, we're going to be focused on your core message. And I want you guys to think of your core message as the core idea, or the stance that your entire business brand and offers are built on. This is the idea, and we're going to get into this a little bit later in the program. I call this your psi, your primary selling idea, or your predominant selling idea. So what is the one concept? Or for those of you who are in the academic space, what is the thesis statement of your brand? And I know sometimes it could be really difficult to land on one thing. I don't want you guys to think about your core message as an I help statement or just a sentence. Your core message is an idea.

Speaker 1  38:41
Your core message is what the main intent of your entire brand is. And the reason why we're going to stop, the reason why we're going to start here is we want to make sure that we have a compass to create our brand off of, because once we get into messaging, which is, how do we now communicate our core message, the messaging will have to come directly from a core idea of what we're trying to sell. Natalie says, Are we allowed to write it here and get feedback? So not for the purpose of this call. As I mentioned at the beginning of this, I would want you guys to hold on to your questions, or hold on to what you want feedback on until either the end of the call, or from when we have a strategic Q and A where I can actually go deep into giving you guys feedback. For the purpose of today's call, we are just going to be teaching and giving you guys an overview of some of the major concepts we're going to cover, and then I will circle back at the end and answer questions. Okay. Victoria says, Can we get some examples? Yeah, I can circle back to this and give you a couple of examples of what core ideas are, but I'll just share you for example. The core message of this program is you need to have a solid foundation to your brand before you can focus on marketing. So. So Kevin says, Is it idea and copywriting? Yes, very similar. So it is basically the, the main idea, or the main concept that directs all of your marketing efforts. It is, is basically the, the idea you're trying to get people sold on. Okay, so again, we're going to come back to this in the messaging module, guys. I will go really, really deep into it, but I just want to differentiate between the core message, messaging, copy and content, because, again, these, these are going to be important terms for you guys to be able to differentiate between All right, so now you're messaging, so once you feel solid in what your core message is, so you have that direction, you have that solid anchor. Your messaging is the map that you use to know what to say, how to say it, and to whom. So just to be clear, your messaging is very different than copy and content, because copy and content are the exact, you know, pieces of, let's say posts, sales, pages, web copy like actual pieces of written material that your audience sees. Your messaging is more of the internal stuff. Your messaging is more what it is that you're trying to communicate and having clarity on how to communicate it in a way that is vivid, tangible, clear, and that is emotionally resonant to the right people. The reason why so many of us create marketing materials or create things that don't produce many results is because we're trying to write content and copy without having clarity on what our messaging is. So you'll see a lot of fluffy things, like, I will help you reach your potential. I will help you reach financial freedom. I will help you get to the root of limiting beliefs. Right? These things are things that we know what we're talking about, because from the lens of the expert or from the lens of the person behind the scenes, it's clear to us what that means. But because we haven't worked out the messaging, which is, how is it relevant to the person behind the screen, it doesn't land very powerfully with them. So again, and the very final calls of this program, we're going to be going to be going deeper into the messaging. But do you guys see how we cannot get into the messaging until we have first discovered what our core idea is, how to package it, what problem it solves? Like there's a lot of internal work that needs to happen before we get into the messaging. So I know many of you are very eager to get feedback on your messaging statements or get feedback on your posts. We will only be visiting this once we have covered the majority, or the bulk of what is going to be covered in this program, alrighty. So the next piece is your content. So once we've clarified your messaging and your positioning angles, then we can actually start writing content. And this is different than writing copy. So content is sound bites of thoughts or ideas that are meant to either educate, enlighten, connect with and inform your readers. So content is really what helps establish you as the authority in your field, and also helps ideal clients understand what makes you different and why they connect with you over other people. So in a nutshell, it just helps them better understand the scope of your work and gets them familiar with your values. This is very different than copy, because content is not meant to convert or to sell or to get people to take an action. Content is what nurtures the relationship with people in your world. And I know that each of you obviously have followed me on social media and have seen much of my my content. A lot of what I write is content. I very rarely write copy. I only write copy during periods that I'm selling something like this program. And I'm going to get into the difference here of what the difference is between content and copy. But I want you guys to think back to some of the posts that you've seen me write that really helped you resonate with my way of thinking. What was I doing in those posts? I was sharing my values, sharing my philosophies, sharing my personal behind the scenes, giving you guys tips, giving strategies on on messaging, on marketing, sharing my perspectives and insights on the coaching space. So most of the, I should say, conversion, or most of the getting you on board with my programs, actually happens in the content. Doesn't happen in the copy. A big mistake I see people making is that they only show up to write copy. And copy means that you only show up to write when you have something to sell or you have something to offer. So let's get into what copy is. So copy is a specific piece of written material that is meant to evoke action from your readers, but it can only be written effectively when the three prior components are clarified. Right? So you need to have clarity on your core message. You need to have clarity on your messaging, and you need to have already established a pre existing relationship with your audience through content. So for people who have not yet established a presence, or have not yet established these foundations of their brand, if you just simply show up on social media and you start posting copy. So here's the problem you have, here's what I solve, here's my program, here's why it's so great. Here's the action I need you to take. You have not yet established yourself as someone who has that like no interest factor for people to jump in and actually feel like they're getting something that they resonate with or getting something that is relevant to their goals. So the main indicators of copy is that it's typically highlighting a problem or a pain point that people are facing. It validates their current situation. So why are they stuck where they are? Why are they experiencing what they're experiencing? And explains a better alternative. So what should they be doing instead, before positioning your offer as something that they need and the core differentiator here is that copy has a very clear call to action and actually uses buyer psychology to inform your reader on the reasons why they need to believe your offer is something that they need. You don't really do this much with content. Content is just meant to build and strengthen that relationship. It is meant to bring them into your space, help them understand how you think, and get them on board with your way of doing things. And this is going to be important throughout the program, because as I'm going to make references to different components of your brand, I will be referencing whether this is a part of your messaging, your copy or your content. So all this stuff is really important, but it all starts with having a solid brand and a message that you feel convicted in. Okay, so now let's bust a couple of myths around the typical trajectory of brand building. So one of the things that I see people doing. And I kind of posted a story about this last week, and I want to go deeper into it today, and I'm sure many of you will resonate with this. The traditional trajectory of launching a brand is that you have an idea, you have something that you want to bring to the market. From that place, you create an offer, right? You create something that you feel people would pay it could be, it could just be, you know, a quick little package. It could be a bundle of your services. It could be just, however way you've decided to package up your your expertise. The next thing that you do is that you actually create the brand visuals and the assets for this, right? So you put it on a sales page, you get a website up. You create some social media posts about it. You get the copy right, right? We just talked about that, so you really kind of go at it and you try to build demand. You try to get people to see why your product or why your service is something that they need. So you start to market it

Speaker 1  48:19
from the marketing. You try to build an audience. You try to reach out to people. You might do some cold outreach. You might run ads. You might you know, you might try to get it in front of as many people as possible, because you've created this thing that is so brilliant and that you're so happy with, and you want to get into the hands of as many people as possible. You might even turn to scale tactics, like I've seen people who are very new in business, all of a sudden, on board closing teams and selling teams, right? And we've been told like, you don't have to do the sales calls yourself, like get somebody else to do them for you. And so we create this, you know? We create this, this vicious loop of creating an idea that we have yet to validate, putting together brand visuals, or putting together a sales page. Or worst case scenario, I've seen people spend 1000s, like literally 10s of 1000s, creating an offer, creating a product, marketing the product, running ads to it, without validating the demand, without actually building the foundations of their brand, and then wondering why this launch that they put so much effort into flopped. Does that sound familiar? Yeah, and I'm not saying you guys are you guys have done that, but I'm more than willing to bet that that has been a cycle that you have observed, either within yourself or within others, where you have gone from idea straight into a launch. Yes, yes, yes, yeah, I agree. Victoria says lots of my clients have done that. Yep, same. That's why I created this program. So with that being said, Here is the neuro brand trajectory of actually creating an offer that is needed and that will succeed. So the very first thing. That we're all going to start with is an idea. Of course, it all. It all starts with an idea. It could be an idea that came to you in the shower. It could be an idea that came to you on a walk. All of a sudden, you're like, oh my gosh, I think I want to create this new program, or this new offer, or this new thing I've put together. All right, step number one, we are not going to jump into let me package it up and put it out there and see how it does. The first thing we're going to do is demand validation. I'm going to teach you guys a process for demand validation. This program was not created just because I woke up one day and threw it together before I put anything to paper, before I started promoting it, before I wrote copy for it. The very first thing that I did was I demand validated, meaning I pulled my audience, I reached out to potential leads. I did a lot of behind the scenes market research that didn't look like typical market research, right? I didn't ask people to get on coffee chats and ask them questions, but through my content, I validated that there was a demand for something like this before I even, you know, promoted it or sold anything. The second component of it is brand development. Now I obviously have a well established social media presence and a brand in general, but what I needed to do was I needed to create a brand around this particular offer. And what I mean my brand. I don't mean the logo of the program or what the you know the program details are going to look like. The brand that I developed was the idea behind it. So I really had to ask myself, Who is this program best suited for? Because I know the moment Hermes comes out with a new offer, a bunch of people are going to want to jump on it. So this isn't just for everybody. I had to do a lot of groundwork in understanding what is the core message behind this, this product, who is it best suited for? What are the problems that it solves, what are the outcomes that it can promise, and what do people need to hear to understand the value of this product? So I did a lot of brand building before I started putting it out there. Now here's the little secret sauce. The ideas behind the brand building were all cultivated throughout my demand validation period, through the questions I asked people, through listening to what they struggled with, through listening to the specific words and phrases that they use to describe their current symptoms and pain points and problems. And so I did not just develop a brand, once again out of thin air. I did it out of the data that I had scrapped from everybody that I had spoken to once I kind of developed the core idea and the core positioning of this brand. The next thing I did was process creation. So now I'm clear on who this program is for, and now I'm clear on what exactly I'm promising, but I need to make sure that I have a clear before and after. So what did I do? I sat down and I wrote out what are all the pain points and symptoms that I know each of you are struggling with, and I wrote out the desired outcomes of what I know and what I feel convicted in being able to deliver. And then I asked myself, what parts of my tools, what teachings, what methods are going to be most appropriate for this program? Because, again, I've been in the space for 10 years, and I didn't want to just create a baby neuro message, right? That's another thing we're going to be talking about. Is offer cannibalization this program, and the promise of it is very different than what I do inside neuro message. This is a brand building program. This is not a copywriting and how to get sales program. So I had to be very clear on the spectrum of what I'm helping you guys with, and what are going to be the teachings or the tools that are going to be most relevant to where you're at. And then finally, once I had done all that groundwork, that's when I could finally come and ask myself, okay, what are the content pieces that I need to create? What do I actually need to say in my messaging and in my content and in my copy so that people can grasp what it is that I do? So that last piece was what you guys saw. What you didn't see was all of the behind the scenes work that went into creating something that was actually in demand, and to paint the picture of what that resulted in, so many of you easily could say, 90% of you said that this was just a no brainer to jump into. But this wasn't a no brainer just because of a fluke or because of, you know, because it was a no brainer, because I had intentionally set it up to be a no brainer. Do you see how this is very different than creating an offer and taking it straight to the market and then trying to. Convince people why they need to buy it from you. That's how majority of marketing is taught. It is you have an offer. Let me help you package it. Let me help you build a sales funnel. Let me help you put a website up. Let me do blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Everyone teaches you how to convince people to buy that is push marketing. What I teach is pull marketing. So how do you do how do you develop a lure? How do you develop mystery? How do you develop this magnetism for people to be pulled in to buy Yes, yes, yes, yes. Evidence, the material that supports a claim, while validation is a process of confirming the correctness of truth. Yep, the evidence take time and faith. Yeah, absolutely. Victoria says this feels much more natural, not manipulating, not at all, because I did not create something that I thought was going to sell. What I did is that I made sure that the thing that I'm creating is something people are going to buy. There is a very big difference between creating something to sell it and validating what are people going to buy. All right, so I'm going to share my screen for just a second here. Let me just make sure that I have the right thing up. Yes, I do. I'm gonna share my screen, and I'm gonna show you guys a quick visual I've put together. As you guys know, I'm in love with diagrams, and you guys are gonna see a million of them in this in this program, but this is kind of the core idea of this program. So can you guys let me know if you can see my screen? Yep, amazing. All right. So this is the marketing which is the top of or the tip of the iceberg. So sales, pages, web, copy, content, emails, funnels, offers, ads, like anything that you see on the external is what people see branding. So what you guys are going to learn in this program is what people feel. This is the brand trust and credibility, the deep understanding of needs and the resonance with identity. At the very, very bottom here is what I call the MPP. This stands for most pressing problem. Now here's a little bit of homework for you guys. First little piece of application I want you guys to dump out all of the potential problems that you solve for your clients. Think about and this could be a massive brain dump. Think about all of the things that people come to you for, all of the pain points that people have expressed to you all of the things that you have solved throughout your years or months in business and over the course of the next couple of weeks. My aim is to help you guys categorize the most pressing problem, which is the overarching problem that you solve that encapsulates all of the problems. So as an example for my program, for this program right now, the MPP is lack of a solid foundation of a brand.

Speaker 1  58:02
Now, this encompasses not knowing your customer. Psychographics, this encompasses not having details of your offer. This encompasses not having a solid methodology, not having a branded concept. This also encompasses not knowing what to say on social media. So all of these things all fall into the categories or the category of not having a solid brand foundation. So what I want to help you guys do is to take all of the potential problems that you solve and put it under one umbrella category. Next thing that we want to get clear on is the values in the mission. So values is not just, oh, I value trust. I value authenticity. But in relation to the problem that you solve, what is it about your method and your approach that is different? So everything that I shared in the first half of this call around how I only help people who are mission based how this is not supposed to be a program that creates ROI, this is not a get rich quick, learn my 10k and 10 days method or process. Those were all my values of how I help you solve the problem. Down here, the second component of the values is the actual mission. So I shared with you guys. I said my mission is to help you guys understand the mechanisms in the psychology of creating a brand that is positioned to create demand, not just positioned to sell and scale and be popular and reach the masses, but how do we create something that is sustainable? I said that buyer skepticism is extremely high. Many people's businesses failed miserably within the last two to three years. And this isn't, you know, to shame them or to guilt in any any, any sort of way, but my diagnosis of that is that they just didn't have a solid brand to begin with. It was built. A lot of things were built on hype. A lot of things were built on really sexy messaging. And being in the right place at the right time. The brands that survived were the ones that had taken the time to build and establish a presence and solid relationships with people in their audience. It wasn't just let me put something together and reach as many people as possible. So this is where I shared my values and my mission. Do you see how this is, again, all contributing to how you guys feel about me and feel about this offer. This has nothing to do with, you know, the content that I'm producing. This is just the internal work that needs to happen before the marketing. The next thing over here is customer psychographics. So psychographics are very different than demographics, and again, this is one of the things I see being kind of misused in this space where customer psychographics is not. How old my customers are? What do they wear? What do they eat, what do they consume? You know, What nationality are they? Psychographics is the perspectives that they hold on their problem, the beliefs that they have on what's going to solve that problem? The psychographics are some of the their own values, and what is it that they feel that they need to solve in their life? So your messaging is going to be in direct correlation to creating evidence that you understand your customer's psychographics. And take this even further, I'm even going to push you guys to learn about your customer value graphics. So how do people or what is it that they value? Why would they invest in one brand over the other? And you can think about your own experience in investing into this program. What was it about my values, or what was it about the essence of my brand that got you to see me as someone that is worth investing into, because I'm more than willing to bet it was not just the promise of the program. It was not just i You guys did not get sold into my offer. You guys got sold into my brand. And there's a very, very big difference between selling an offer and selling a brand. And the last piece of this with the brand trust and credibility is your methodologies and your frameworks. And again, I'm just going to give a quick disclaimer, your methodology and your framework is not something that you feel like you need to have structured out throughout the duration of this program. I'm going to give you guys the building blocks and how to think about approaching your methodology and your framework. You may or may not walk away with a solid methodology. You might need a little bit more time to refine this aspect. Once again, your methodology does not have to be a step by step process of step one, this is what I do, and step two, this is what I do. And then step three, it might just be an overarching philosophical look to give some form and structure to what it is that you do with people. It doesn't have to be a, you know, a step by step process. It doesn't have to be an acronym. More, most often than not, people walk away from working with me with some sort of visual that encapsulates what it is that they do. So, for example, this, right now, this is a framework. It's not a methodology, because it doesn't have step one, step two, but it is a framework, meaning it's a visual that helps you guys grasp a concept. So instead of me just describing the difference between marketing and branding, you guys are getting to understand it in a visual way. I'm using an analogy with the iceberg to show you the difference here. So once we have all of these elements figured out, only then could we move to the things up here. Do you guys see how these are very intentionally crafted to create this up here? Many of you came to me in the DMS, especially these last couple of weeks, saying that I've tried so hard to get my funnels up, I have, like, an email list that's not being built up. My contents not converting. You know, no one's landing on my sales page, or they are and they're not converting. Like, what am I doing wrong? Again? The Marketing World, the business world, has kind of taken this top down approach of like, let's diagnose what's going on here. Let's fix your words. Let's make your pages more optimized. What they really need to focus on is down here. So you need to have the foundations of your brand, or, sorry, your identity, your scope and your values, in place before creating offers and marketing collateral. You have to be believed, trusted and respected before you can be bought into this is the core thing I need you guys to take away from today's call, believed, trusted and respected. These are the magic ingredients that will get people sold in what it is that you do. It is not your offer that they're buying into. It is the essence. It is the brand. It is the the entire idea behind your the scope of what you're solving for people. All right, let me stop share for a second. I'm going to take a quick little look at the chat here, the cockroaches of entrepreneurship. Yeah, absolutely invested in your program because you understand it's not easy fix identity alignment. Yeah, exactly, exactly. Do. If you thought that was amazing, just wait until the rest of until the rest of the program. This is me giving you guys an orientation. Still, guys like truly. This is, this is just you guys really understanding the mechanisms behind branding. All right, so now getting into some of the more practical applications of it, I know that it's really easy when all of this is coming from me, because you guys are like, Well, duh, parmese, like you, you've created a brand for yourself. You've created brand recognition. You are a copywriter by trade, so you obviously know exactly what to say to get people sold on. You know your ideas. And I can understand that there could be a lot of resistance around like, really wanting to make sure that you have the words, and really wanting to make sure that you you're getting your marketing right. So I actually have one of my neuro message members, and is, Are you available? Yes, you are. Hello. I have one of my neuro message members, and I wanted to kind of get her take on this branding thing, just from a client perspective, before we move on to the second part of this call. So Anisa and I have been working together for about a year now. Think it was last October that she came into my space. And the way that Anissa and I originally worked together was that she said she needed just a couple of aspects figured out with her brand. She just needed a couple of tweaks. She just needed to get clarity on just a few things. And so we booked an intensive together, which is what many people come to me for. Hey, can we get on a two hour call? I have a clarity session. Yeah, yeah. Okay. This is great. So we get on a call, and I ask her a couple of questions. I get her to really, kind of explain to me what she solves for her people. And very, very quickly, I think I didn't say this and this, I came to the realization that it would be near impossible to get clarity on all the aspects of her brand with just one call. And as a matter of fact, while she had all of the right intentions and all of the credibility and all of the things to really kind of help her brand skyrocket, it became very apparent that building a brand goes beyond just knowing or having the clarity on what to say, how to say it, how to package your offers, and all of that. So Ines, I wanted you to just share your experience a little bit with this deconditioning period and the difference between, you know, really going out and marketing and feeling like you need to have the right words, and the difference between that and what we've done together brand wise, especially within your time, inside your message, and even some of the one on one calls, we have to just deepen your understanding of everything I'm talking about. And again, it's going to come off a lot more powerful when it's coming from an actual client who's been in your shoes, versus me, who's just sitting here up on my high horse telling you guys what branding is so innocent, if you don't mind unmuting yourself and just kind of sharing your experience with that a little bit.

Speaker 2  1:07:43
Thanks. Parmese, I'm laughing, because when you look back at a year, it is one, I'm in awe of how far we've come through working with you, and two, how I thought I was so ready to have this big audience and make all this money a year ago, until you and I had this conversation. So first off, hi guys. My name is Anisa. I own a company called the esthetic loft, where I teach medical esthetic providers who are an expert at their craft. How do uniquely position themselves and stand out in this multi million dollar market, so that they can actually start creating demand for their services from an audience and clients that they actually want to work with. And as I sit here and I say that statement right now, parmese, if your camera was on, I'm sure you'd be laughing too, because the first time we met, parmes, actually, she asked me she's like, so tell me what it is you do. And I think I might have gone on for about 10 minutes and got to the end of it, and I was like, I'm not sure what it is I actually do, and I didn't have the ability to put it in this very tangible statement that actually meant something to the people that I was working with. I think all the things I might have told you, pardon me, were really great from my perspective, and I sounded really great to myself. And then when I looked at it, it was like, so why would people actually want to work with you? And that was the beginning of this relationship, and how I started all the things that I started to learn in your message. And one thing that I can tell you guys is part of me did a really amazing job at the beginning, kind of outlining that you're going to walk away with a skill set that you never knew you needed, just like many of you. I think I've worked with a number of coaches and marketers. I had websites. Prime Minister was looking at my sales pages. And when it all came down to it, it always felt like there was this missing piece. And when I came to her, I was like, Yeah, copywriter, she's going to have the words and the templates and everything's going to come together and boom, like, I'm going to have 50 clients, and everything's going to roll out exactly the way that I had expected. And what actually ended up happening is that i. Realized through this entire program that I was the missing piece and I didn't need the the templates, or I didn't need to really be paying attention to what this industry had conditioned me to constantly ask myself, who do I need to be? What do I need to be posting today. How do I need to be showing up in order to be making money? Parmese, the one thing I love, and still continue to love working with her, is she never tells you what to do, never tells you what to do, but what she will do is she will outline the science behind why it is done a certain way, and very quickly, you're going to be able to take a look at what you have been doing, identify your own gap, and be able to start making changes that actually feel good to you. So you're never feeling like you're doing it wrong. It always feels like you're coming back to what feels good and embodied within who you are. And while we come into this trying to, you know, figure out, how am I going to move my business forward, I found that my business was intentionally slowing me down for a reason. No matter what strategy, no matter what tactic, no matter what program I was taking, I wasn't moving forward, and it was intentionally slowing me down to learn this. And so you're going to have a couple of choices when you leave here, like I did. One you can continue along the path of like, this is what I need to be and this is what I need to be doing to achieve what I have been conditioned to believe, or you're going to walk away and you're going to make the choice to answer those deep questions that will often make you question everything that you ever thought you knew, but in the best way ever. Absolutely.

Speaker 1  1:11:56
Thank you. Thank you so much for sharing that. And guys like Truly, this is not a sales pitch for an error message, because the program is full, so I, even if you want to get in, I wouldn't let you in. So, so I wanted to share any says experience, simply because, as I said, a lot of people will find you'll hit a point of resistance in this program, and it's kind of like a rite of passage inside your message right now that everyone has, like, a Ego Death slash, kind of like coming to Jesus moment where it's like, wait, I am the answer. Like parmese doesn't have the answers. That's crazy. And the key takeaway that I want you guys to know is what you guys are going to be learning. And you know, just as a quick little snapshot of the whole branding versus marketing thing, is there's common beliefs around well, she's going to tell me how to say this better. She's going to tell me how to fix the missing piece, or she's going to tell me what exactly I need to do or say, or how I'm going to build authority. When we finally go through that shedding period, you will realize that there's no answer outside of you that is going to help you build that authority. And as a matter of fact, is you building that deep sense of conviction that what you know is enough, what you have is enough, and it's simply a matter of becoming even more grounded in what it is that you solve. How do you solve it, and what is the core essence behind how you solve that? For people, because just like an ISA, many people have come to me, even multi seven figure brands, guys like, I'm not just talking about like little, people who've just started and it's like a passion project of theirs, but like people who've made chunks of cash. And when I ask them, point blank, what do you solve for people? What do they come to you for? What is the core process or branded way that you solve their problem? Everyone's like, and again, this is not to shame or point blame and say, like, oh, you suck. Like, that is not that. Is not the intention here, but some of the things that we're going to be learning, it's really, really going to be pointing you guys deeper, inward, not outward. It is not about the templates. It is not about, you know, can you tell me if this sentence is good or not? And I will give you pushback, as I said in my introductory post in the group today, my my teaching style sometimes will irritate people, because you are looking to me for permission, and I will not be granting you permission. I'm going to point you back towards yourself and say, where is it that you are feeling wobbly in your own conviction in this? And this isn't to say that I'm not going to give messaging support. Another thing I've noticed, and especially because I've also been a co coach inside other programs, is that you will get tangible support with your message and with your brand. This isn't me being like, Well, what do you think? Like? You will receive more more strategic support on what you need to say. But there's a very, very big difference between me helping you say things in a much more clear, tangible way than for you to tell me, is this good enough, or ask me, Is this good enough? Can I post this? What are your thoughts on this? I'm not going to be granting permission. I'm just going to be giving you guys actual tactical feedback. All right. Amazing, amazing. All right. Thank you, Anissa, for your for your experience. And one more thing I wanted to highlight here too, which I think is really important, and actually in. Says a really good example of this is many people think that having a solid brand presence and having that core identity and the, you know, confidence in their messaging is just purely through creating social media content, right? It's like, Oh, I get to make better posts, and I get to build an online presence, and I get to build a brand well. And he says, hasn't actually posted on social media and what? How many months now? How long has it been? Almost a year, almost a year, and it like brand building and understanding your message does not mean that you just know what to post and know how to show up online. It's really about cultivating that deep inner conviction and going into any communication setting knowing that or trusting yourself to say the right thing. And you say you shared an experience where you were asked to give a talk on on stage with barely any preparations, and people gave you a standing ovation and said that this was the best talk ever. So again, that this is not a this is not a here's what to say. Bring me your speech. Let me optimize it. Let me tell you exactly what to say at every level. It's about you becoming so embodied in your own message that you feel like you don't need to go through the scripting and the preparation. You just know exactly what you need to say and when, much like how most of my teachings are, are created. That was really

Speaker 2  1:16:17
powerful for me. That really sorry I forgot to mention that that was, yeah, really powerful, right? You walk away with so much conviction in yourself that you can walk into any conversation and it becomes you know how to speak about what you do, in a way that that energy is felt by that person absolutely and everything starts to convert. I didn't want to scare people to say I haven't posted on social which is the exact time I started working with parmeses, a year, and all social ceased. No, I've still been invited to talks, and I've been invited to stages, and they've still been doing my things without a social presence. So I think that's a thank you for putting that. It was a really good

Speaker 1  1:17:00
way for everyone to take it, yeah, because I think a lot of brands also get stuck in this, this mindset of, like, oh, I need to now becoming, become an influencer, to start, you know, building my presence and creating demand. And as many of you guys know, from my own story, I barely posted on social media in the first couple of years of my business, I did, but it was just more for, like, funsies. It wasn't to build an intentional brand. Now a lot of My Teachings will revolve around content and copy, which, of course, is repurposable on social media. But I think the key thing to take away here is, once you have established a solid brand and a knowing in what it is that you stand for, who it is that you serve, it kind of takes away the pressure to have to be consistent on social media, it's more about the quality of what you're saying and the quality of relationships and connections that you make over needing to post 24/7 or needing to be on all platforms and be everywhere to get the right eyeballs on you. Yes, yes, yes. Parmese, you're not feeding us for the day, teaching us how to fish for life. That's exactly it. Yeah. I love that you said that. And I think with again, many people come into programs like this, kind of expecting to be given the answers, but it's like, I'm not giving you the answers. I'm actually teaching you how to find the answers yourself. So that is a much more empowering place to be when you walk away from this program, because you will no longer feel like you need to jump from coach to coach or program to program to figure out what's next and what's the missing piece. Instead, you will know what the missing piece is within and you can course correct on your own. Amazing All right, guys, let's keep going for the rest of this teaching stuff. I will share my screen again in a little bit, just to kind of give you guys a few more visuals, a few more diagrams over here. So a couple of problems that arise when you don't have a solid brand. And these are things that I've observed over the years with people that have come to me looking for copywriting support, people like Anissa, who are like, I just need to be told. You know what's missing on my sales page. And here's some of the problems that we're going to be solving together when you don't have a solid brand. And as I'm going through these, I want you guys to think about which are the most applicable. To you, because as I've reviewed your questionnaires and your onboarding documentation, I can also see how some of this can be present. But I want to really anchor you into what is the problem that you are going to solve as a result of your time inside this container. So problems that arise when you don't have a solid brand, you feel wobbly describing what you do. So when, when people ask you what it is that you do, you kind of go on a 10 Minute tangent that that keeps going around in circles and circles. Who resonates with that? Drop a yes in the comments. And this is, again, this is yes, yes, yes. This, this is oftentimes mistaken for a messaging problem, and that's why we take content classes and we go into copywriting programs, and again, this is not to poo poo on other people's programs, guys, it's just it's a lack of proper diagnosis of what the core of the problem is. You will never be able to out communicate a lack of strong identity. Because while we're all trying to solve. How to say things. What we really need to solve for is, what are we actually saying? All right, so you can never out communicate whatever it was I just said. So I love these calls being recorded because I never remember the second one is, you look to other people for inspiration, rather than your own expertise, or you're easily swayed by other people's way of doing things. So if you're in a program, you you might take on you might take on your mentor's voice, or you follow someone that you highly look up to, you might start copying the way they start doing things. And oftentimes, guys, this happens unconsciously, meaning you don't even realize you're doing it. It's just you don't have a strong sense of identity, so it's very easy to become malleable to other people's ways of doing things. It's kind of like when you're a teenager and you're just very easily swayed by trends. And again, I'm not, I'm not calling you guys immature by by any means, but you very easily start taking on the aspects of other people's identity. Kevin says, happening to me with your content? Yeah, that happens with a lot of people. And again, I'm not calling people out for ever copying. And I have, you know, I've had people that have word for word, taken things and reposted it. I mean, that's a whole separate issue. But again, I want you guys to be mindful throughout this process of when you're creating your brands, is it uniquely you, or is it what you admire or think that you need to do look like or say so, being very, very mindful of where your own identity or where other people's identity is bleeding into what it is that you do here. Matthias has people who have open throat center yet have that. Yeah. Yep. Absolutely. Okay. The third thing this is going to be a popular one. You overthink content creation or put too much emphasis on getting your marketing strategy right. So you sit behind a computer screen, you write a post, then you revise it 18 times before you post it, or you just don't post it at all right, like you have an entire you have an entire folder, or, you know, notes section on your phone with all of these ideas, and yet nothing is being published, and you're constantly thinking to yourself, how do I say this in a way that positions me well? And how do I build authority? How do I how do I say it? I feel called out, yep, yep, yep, and again, this is again. I'm not pointing blame or guilting or anything. It's just these are all very, very prominent symptoms of lack of a strong bound brand foundation. Okay? The next one is you jump from strategy, strategy to strategy, looking for the missing piece. So this might be going from program to program, going from doing high ticket to low ticket, to selling group programs to doing conversion events to building an email list. You're trying to figure out what you know, what the best way is to get visibility. You might have turned to trends like, you know, trending audios and reels. And instead of looking at what the message is that is being shared you're you're turning to the tactics of how to get things out there.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:23
Anna says, I feel attacked. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:23:27
And this is also a very common one, and one of the biggest points of resistance of people coming into my world is saying, I don't know if I just I'm burnt out from investing into programs like I'm burnt out from it. And again, I'm not going to claim that this is going to be all end, all of all programs, there definitely will be areas that you still need support on after this, however, you will no longer feel like something is gravely missing, all right, and the last one is that you keep changing your offers and services and can't see you can't seem to stick to something long term. Or what happens is that you start customizing your offers based on everybody else's needs. So it like. What happens is that you start giving people what they come to you asking, rather than being like, this is what I offer. This is the core idea behind it. This is how I serve you. Yep, yes on all the above, yep, yep, yep, yeah, totally. Jessica said I just did that for two clients, and it wasn't even ideal. So here's the thing, in the beginning stages of brand building, oftentimes, customizing your offers can actually be very helpful in testing what there's valid demand for, and what is it that people are going to solve. But the problem becomes when our identity or our brand message, all of a sudden becomes something that other people dictate and other people tell us, here's what I need. So as an example, if I were to listen to what people need, what I would have done is. I would have put together a whole bunch of copy templates. I would have put together a bunch of launch scripts, and you know how to get your message out there the right way. And I would have sold people what they need, but that is not serving them, even though they're buying it. Because the reason why it's not serving them is because I'm giving them what they think their problem is, or what what they think they need to solve their problem rather than was actually going to solve their problem. So one of the other exercises I want you guys to write down is, if you had to come up with a prescription of what it is that people actually need to do when they work with you, and again, don't worry about putting this in, like a step by step process, or into an offer like literally just a brain dump of whatever comes to mind. What is it that you actually do with your people? What are the tools? What are the teachings? What are the steps? Oops. So like, how do you actually facilitate the transformation? And this is one of the questions that gets many, many people tripped up, because all of a sudden they realize that their whole process was something that was intuitive, or that they were allowing clients to dictate what they actually do, rather than focusing on creating and innovating a process that is repeatable, that establishes them as a credible figure. Jessica, yeah. Can you repeat the homework part? Yeah, so I want you guys to do a brain dump of what you actually do with clients. What are the steps, what are the teachings, what are the tools, what are the modalities that you use? So essentially, like, what is the prescription? If someone came to you and said, Hey, I have XYZ issue, what do you actually do with them? Exactly, how to facilitate the transformation. And if you're feeling a little bit wobbly on this, then what I recommend you doing is to do another brain dump of all of the problems that you feel confident in solving. Now the difference here is I'm not asking you to write down all the problems that people come to you with, because all the problems they come to you with are not always what you feel confident in solving. So what are the problems that people come to you with that you feel confident in solving?

Speaker 1  1:27:37
And with that question, then you can piggyback it off of like, what do I actually do to solve it for them?

Speaker 1  1:27:48
So as a quick example, the problem that I'm solving for you guys right now is the lack of clarity on a solid brand identity and the lack of conviction in what exactly is it that you do with people? What do you stand for? And the way that I'm going to solve it is the core teachings that you will get exposure to in the next couple of weeks, around building demand, creating your actual core message, getting clear on your methodology, extracting the, you know, the different angles that you need to talk about, and really understanding how to give your brand, essence and character. And under those kind of five categories, I'm also going to be going deeper into tools and teachings that help facilitate that. So this is the level of granularness. I want you guys to get into and it's okay if you don't have the process mapped out perfectly right now. Again, this is just an introductory session to get the juices flowing, but I want you guys to start thinking about the process that you use. Some of you already have a process and you already have a methodology. I want you to get even deeper into it. What exactly do you do at each step. What are the the key pieces that people need to be exposed to or need to learn in order for that transformation to take place? Marsha says, I'm feeling so much unlearning is taking place here internally. Yep, that's the purpose of this call. That's why I wanted to add a bunch of extra calls to the session because I realized I need to do a whole deconditioning session before we even get into the teaching pieces. So yes, you guys will have some practical application stuff to take away from today. But mostly it is giving you a an insight of how to think about your brand, not what to do you

Speaker 1  1:29:44
Yeah, so what we really want to make sure that we do by answering the questions above and by really recognizing where we fall on the spectrum. So whether it's in feeling wobbly, in describing what you do, or you look to other people for inspiration, or you're swayed by others' authority. You overthink content creation, or you jump from strategy to strategy, or you're looking for somebody to give you the answers. Or if you keep customizing your offers and customizing the way that you do things, then what we want to do to solve all of that is to lead to brand clarity, because what we really want to do is to have conviction in our value, which will lead to confidence in our communication, and the only way to get people to trust you is to develop that trust within yourself. Because if you do not trust yourself as the expert, and if you do not trust your methodology and your way of getting results, then your messaging is always going to feel scattered. Your client calls are going to feel like you're going to have nerves come up before getting on clients or getting on with clients. When sales calls or sales conversations take place, you feel a little bit out of place. You feel like it's hard to get people to see your value. You might feel like there's a lot of convincing that needs to happen. But once you have that clear, solid brand identity, we want to make sure that you feel a lot more confident in the value of what you do. And if you're feeling any of the symptoms above, it's usually a bit of a wobble in your conviction. It's not the words, it's not the way the offer is promised or whatever it is, it is the conviction in the process that you use so couple of questions for you to reflect on, because our goal within this container is to build trust and intimacy with your brand. So do you have concepts, or do you have ideas that feel unique to you. Have you innovated a process, or have you innovated a solution that feels unique to you, and when I say unique to you, or when I say innovated, a lot of people think that they need to all of a sudden invent a whole new way of being or a whole new way of doing things. There's very few ways that you can be completely brand spanking new in this space, but what you can do is innovate a concept or a process, or bundle your tools and your tactics and your teachings together in a way that is unique to how you solve the problem. It doesn't have to be completely brand new, like when I'm teaching branding, this is not completely brand new. There's, there's 1000s of other people out here that can do what it is that I do, but what's really important is making sure that you've created it in a way that others can see the value and be like, Oh, I really resonate with her way of doing things. Jamie says, I think I need a martini. After this, you'll need two, actually, and then a shot of espresso. All right, so think, really think, do you have concepts that feel unique to you and a cigar. No, no, that's me. That's me. Okay, question number two is, do you feel confident in articulating your value, meaning, if I were to send 10 clients that are ready to pay you for whatever it is that you do right now, can you very confidently and concisely describe what the value is of what they're going to take away from working with you?

Speaker 1  1:33:34
So what are the benefits, not just what are the features like you are going to walk away knowing you know you're going to be more confident in yourself like, no, no, that's that's very vague. I want to make sure that they feel like they can tangibly grasp what it is that you do with them. Can you do that? And the last thing is, when you're looking at your presence online, can people vibe with you and feel connected to who you are, not just what you solve, but who you are behind the scenes, what you value, how you think, not just what your expertise is and what you Solve, but is there a palpable personality behind your brand, and again, you don't need to have a personal brand for this to work. I've worked with many product based brands that have also been able to create that humanization through story, through imagery and could you please repeat number three? Yeah, no problem. So Can people vibe with you and kind of like feel connected to the essence of your brand, like the character of your brand. Kevin says, Could you cover the difference between. Personal Branding and branding? Yeah, absolutely. The simple answer is that they're both the same thing. Personal Branding is that there's a human behind it. So people need to be bought into you as a person, whereas branding of its own is the relevance the characteristics and the differentiation of a brand. So technically, both, or all three of those components are applicable to personal branding as well. But with personal branding, there's the element of, are people connected to your values as a person, not just values as a brand, right? But are they connected to your personal stories, to your vulnerability, to your way of doing things?

Speaker 1  1:35:42
All right? More myths that we're going to bust in the process of you guys going through and answering these questions, because these are some of the things that I see come up for people, and I really want to make sure that you guys are not falling into this trap. So you can only be known for one thing. Huge myth. This is false. You can be known for multiple things, but huge caveat here, you do need to be clear on what you solve. So next week, we're going to do a deep dive into this. Because so many of you have said, I have so many ideas. I have so many things. How do I? How do I put it down into one way of solving the problem? Or how do I, how do I become known for one thing? You can be known for solving multiple or you can be known for multiple concepts and ideas, but they need to be tied to a core problem that you solve or a core need that you fulfill. Not all businesses are going to solve problems. That's another big kind of thing I get from people where they're like, Well, I'm not actually solving a problem, no, but you are fulfilling a need in order. I mean, this is the rule of commerce. Guys, in order for money to exchange hands, value needs to be exchanged, and value is either exchanged in the form of a problem no longer existing, or a desire being fulfilled. So while you can be known for multiple things, we always want to tie it back to the one thing around, what is it that you are doing to provide value to people? So in other words, why would someone pay you? Because there's a big difference between being a hobby brand of someone who runs a blog, you know, posts videos of themselves, very influencer style, talks about whatever topic that they want, and a monetizable brand which actually solves a problem. There's demand for it. There's a core concept or a teaching or some sort of value that is being exchanged. Okay? Number two that goes hand in hand with that is that you need a one liner or a script that describes what you do. So this is false as well. Your brand message is a series of messages, not a one liner or a script. And in fact, this is the reason why so many people struggle to articulate what it is that they do, because they think that their entire brand message needs to be encapsulated in a single sentence, or an elevator pitch, or a brand script like the daughter Donald Miller style brand scripting, we want to step away from that your message and your brand essence is an ecosystem of ideas. When someone looks at my social profile, I don't have one single post that describes the entirety of what I do. I don't have a one liner that describes what I do for people. But what I do is that I share micro messages that have a cumulative effect to building people's image of who I am. This also removes a huge load of pressure from people feeling like they need to have a post or a script or one single way of describing what it is that they do. Kelsey says, thinking about an I help statement and elevator pitch brings on. PTSD, yeah, absolutely. And you could totally have something super easy as like, you know, I help X amount of people reach x results, but people are not going to be buying from you because of your, I help statement or because of your, you know, your elevator pitch. People will buy from you because they have gradually built resonance with your brand. So let's immediately remove the pressure of having to have that one single sentence that encapsulates at all and without a doubt, down the line, whether it's within this program or not, you might land on a single sentence. At some point, you might land on one that feels good to you, but that is not what is necessary to get people sold on your ideas exactly, and it says that your audience will help you figure it out Absolutely. We're going to cover this next week as well, where I'm going to talk a little bit about how your the demand that you're going to evoke is not actually something that you. Plant in other people's brains. It's actually how they respond to you showing up as authentically as possible. And you can start crafting your brand message based on the responses that you get. You are constantly going to be in a dance with your audience. You do not wake up and decide, I am an authority in blank, or I am an authority in XYZ. You start following the nudges of curiosity of what you're good at, what you feel confident in being able to solve, and you produce micro messages that will help other people also feel involved and also feel on board with what it is that you stand for. And the more you communicate and stay in dialog with your audience, the clearer you will get on what you actually do all right. And then the last myth here is that you need to stay consistent with one offer or brand concept over time. So this is also false. Your brand can evolve, deepen or pivot. What you don't want to do to maintain trust is you don't want to jump violently from industry to industry, so you can absolutely pivot and evolve what it is that you're doing and how you support your clients. Where a lack of trust happens is when you go from being a mindset coach to all of a sudden being a dietitian to all of a sudden being a business coach to all of a sudden consulting, you know, medical people. So do you see how the violent jumps from industry that that make people kind of get that sense of whiplash where they can't keep track of what you're an expert in. You can be known for multiple domains, but there needs to be an umbrella brand that you can tie them all back to. Lack of trust happens when people feel like you yourself are not clear and convicted on the problem that you solve?

Speaker 1  1:41:55
All right? All right. I'm gonna share my screen again real quick, because there's a diagram that I want to show you guys again around what actually cultivates that sense of trust and what cultivates that sense of like I need to, I need to invest into this brand. So let me just get it up here. You guys can see this over here that's pretty clear, amazing. So this is another one of these, these diagrams that I've worked with over periods of time to kind of go through. I call this the trust filter, and this is a concept that was adopted from Marty Newman. So I wasn't the one that came up with this. Many of the ones that you're going to see in this program are stuff that I've created. But this one was adopted from from somebody else, and I thought it was brilliant in paralleling some of the concepts that I teach around brand differentiation. So here's the filter that people go through to decide to work with you. The very first one is a common ideology. So this is the tribal connection we feel with a brand, or the deep knowledge that we belong to this community. So this is why we want to make sure that the shared values, the shared mission, is something that is at the forefront of our brand messaging. Because people are not just buying what we do, they're buying how we are doing it and who we are behind the scenes. At a more deeper level than that, this is the intuition so resonance is the intuition that a relationship with a given company or a product or offer is right for us. So once we have that primal sense of safety that we belong here, the next level is the resonance of this person actually has something that is relevant to what I'm going through and is going to solve a major need of mine. Now, again, this is not going to be a marketing and copywriting program, but one of the concepts I teach within neuro message is speaking to the reptilian brain when it comes to your content, so that you're not just spitting out facts and figures, but you're really showing a deep level of understanding of people's needs. So that's where the resonance comes in. The next piece here is the feelings that drive many of our decisions, including those that are hidden beneath the reason. So I made a post a couple of weeks ago that kind of got a lot of not not backlash, but people are asking me to clarify a little bit more. And it was basically talking about how in building authority, it's not what you're saying, but it's how you're making people feel in your content that has more of an impact on whether they choose to work with you or not. So the emotion piece here is when people consume your marketing material. When they consume what your brand stands for, how does that leave them feeling? If you've been in the, you know, the Instagram space for a while, you'll notice that there's a rise of popularity, a very polarizing posts, very activating posts, and a lot of shaming in the way that people communicate. And while this does a good job of showing what you're passionate about, it can actually have an opposite effect in your brand, because if people are feeling a negative emotion after reading what you have created, or if they feel any level of inadequacy, shame or guilt in reading your content, they're more likely to associate you as a negative. Of brand and will not want to work with you. So a lot of my fiery posts that I write that, you know, call out things that I don't agree with in the industry or mistakes that people are making, I do so in a way that actually validates and soothes people's experience rather than making them feel worse about their situation. So we really want to make sure that we're when we're positioning our brands, and you guys will see as we get into the brand essence piece, we're going to get really clear on what the common enemy is that we're all going to be, you know, taking a stand against in our interest in our industry. We want to make sure that the emotion behind it is coming from a very calm, grounded place. It's not coming from making our audience feel worse about themselves. Then finally, it's the logical processes that we use to make sense of the product, services and companies. So after we've done all of the ideology, resonance and emotion, that's when we can finally start talking about facts and features and benefits, because that's when people start making the logical decisions around, okay, does this person, or does this product or this service or this offer, does it make sense for where I'm at right now? Does the cost make sense? Does the investment of time make sense? Does it fit the category of what I need solved right now? But as you guys can see, we really need to make sure that we're clear on the ideology, the resonance and the emotion, before getting into the resonance, or, sorry, the reason piece, and finally, the perception. So this is the surface of our experience, including what we see here, touch, smell and taste. Finally, the perception is now how we actually present our brand. So visual imagery, the pictures that we're painting with our ideas and making sure that our brand kind of has this cohesive nature to it. I often refer to perception as this kind of like elusive feature where people can't really put their, you know, put words to it, but it's an amalgamation of how people have interacted with the imagery, the colors, the typography, the the way that your brand is presented online. So that's what we want to make sure that we get clear on. But none of that's going to matter so logos and beautiful websites and you know, branding is no one's going to care about that until these elements of your brand have been clarified. So questions to answer here, we buy brands that we trust. We buy brands that we align with. We sell experiences and feelings, not products and services, and we buy because of certain emotions, to make things easier, minimize stress, escape, or for the brand association. So for example, luxury items we're, we're purchasing for brand associations, not always because of the product itself. So if you're buying a Lamborghini, yes, you could argue that it's, it's a lot, you know, more comfortable, sure, than than most cars, but most people are not buying it because of the usability and the versatility of the vehicle.

Speaker 1  1:47:44
Now, I know we're getting to the end of the call, guys, and I know your brains are juice, but I did warn you, right? I did get your consent to be very hard on you today. All right, how do we now actually stand out? This is where I want you guys to get really, really clear on what, what category you fall into, and what are the mistakes, or what are some of the things that we want to break out of. So at the very top of here, we have the neuro brand, which is what hopefully each of you will walk away with after this program. These are the levels of online businesses that we want to make sure that we are not falling into. And again, if you are, there's absolutely no problem, no shame, that this is the reason why you're in this program. At the very bottom here is the vendor or the commodity. This is where I see many service providers online falling into so copywriters, designers, like anyone who is delivering actual deliverables. And the reason is because their focus is on features and benefits. So you're competing on the features of what you provide, how your deliverables are better, how your costs is better. And so this is what you're internally focused on. This is what people are comparing you to, and how they are making that decision. So if you're positioning yourself as someone who is simply just competing with other people in your space, you are now a vendor or a commodity, meaning people will only look to you as someone who can solve a problem, and they will likely make a decision just based on who's the cheapest, right, or who's the most accessible. They might come to your calls or try to, you know, nickel and dime you they might try to not pay full price. And the reason for this is because they don't see any value behind just getting their problem solved, and so they're looking to what's the cheapest, fastest, easiest way to do that. Now the next level, which unfortunately most people in the last couple of years have got stuck into, is that they moved away from the features and benefits and they started to focus on lifestyle content and emotional appeal. So this is what I call the influencer or public figure. So this is where a lot of coaches lost people in the last couple of years because they did a lot of appeal to, you know, emotional desires like high cash months and making sure that people feel like their lifestyle is something that's desirable. But again, because these brands were not built on much substance, they weren't able to pass the. What I call the Great cleanse of 2023 where people became very skeptical and they were investing into specialists, not just people with really sexy lifestyles. So the reason why people started to invest in them is kind of like entertainment, belonging, feeling like the desire that they really painted a picture of was something that was achievable for them. So we want to get out of this. Now, the last kind of stage before the neuro brand is the personal brand and thought leader. And this is where most people think they want to land. And as a matter of fact, anyone who comes to me or fills up my applications or DMS me to find out how we can work together, they'll say, I really want to establish a solid personal brand. I really want to be a thought leader in my space. How do I do that? Most programs right now in the space are teaching you how to do this. So they focus on selling their story, their expertise and their offer. Most copywriting programs, most you know, funnel building programs, business programs are teaching you how to use your personal ideologies, your you know, your personal stories, how to position your expertise, how to post content. It's all around this. So how people are creating that decision or making that decision to work with you is they're looking at your product or your solution. They're looking at the familiarity they feel with your with your brand, and they're essentially basing their decision on whether they resonate with you and whether your your offer fits something that you're looking to do. The problem with the personal brand and thought leader is that they get overly caught up with positioning their offers, meaning they become hyper known for what they solve and why people need to join the offer itself. This is what I said before, around building demand around a brand and building demand around a product or an offer. We don't want people to only be sold into our offers, because then they will only be sold on. What is this going to do for me? What is the cost? Do I resonate with this person? What we want them to do is to be bought into everything that we do. So there's people in my audience right now that I could drop something with very few details and very few you know important key pieces of you know what they're going to take away or what this offer is going to solve, and they will buy it immediately, not to toot my own horn. The reason why is because people have been bought into my character, my values, my differentiated expertise, my skill set, my mission, my genius, and my content for the better part of the last couple of years has been focused on educating, starting a movement, solving a relevant gap in a unique way. I share my insights. I can take a stand for things that I don't agree with, and I'm very vocal with my values in my brand. And so what ends up happening here is that people are bought into me as an entire person and the idea behind my brand not just my product and my service. Many of you coming into this container didn't even know what we're going to be covering, and I did that on purpose as an experiment, because people were not buying this offer. They were buying the thing that I had created, that they developed the trust with knowing that whatever I create, it's going to be valuable. And I did this through sharing consistent sound bites of content and information that made people believe that whatever it is that I sell is going to be freaking brilliant. I also very subtly drop client testimonials or conversations that I have with people inside of the way that I market myself. So gradually, for those of you who've been following me for a long time, you you feel like Hermes knows her shit, even though you've never been inside my containers before. This is the level of branding that we want to create. But the only reason why I have been able to reach this level is because I have differentiated methods, because I have branded concepts, and more most importantly, I have the conviction in what it is that I sell. I'm not competing with other people in my field. I, as a matter of fact, I don't even consider myself a part of the coaching industry. I think I'm in a different category. And again, this isn't me being cocky. I just know that I've been able to create a completely different movement around my brand. So I'm not competing with, you know, the IG business babes. All right, let's keep going here. We got, like, maybe five minutes left, guys, I promise, I promise, I promise. Alright, we're going to get so much deeper into this in the coming weeks, but I want to, want to help you guys walk away with this one exercise, because this is going to be kind of like the underpinning of the entire next couple of weeks and and how things are going to really evolve for you in this kind of like in the in this container. So your brand is an ecosystem of ideas that are housed under a category or a concept. Remember how above I said that you were you don't need to be known for one thing, but you do need to have an anchor point to something that you are known for. So when you can successfully create a frame of reference in someone's mind about who you are, what you do, and how you are relevant, appealing to them, you can have the flexibility to talk about multiple things that all tie back to that core idea. So here's some examples. I literally just looked at my bookshelf and I wrote down the authors that came to mind, and I wrote down the category that they are known for, James clear habits. Ryan, holiday, stoicism, Adam Grant, organizational Psych. Brene Brown, vulnerability. Do you guys see how every person's name that I bring up here, they have an entire ecosystem of things that they talk about. They don't just talk about one thing. They talk about multiple things, but there's a category, an association, a brand, association, that they've created. So anytime someone wants to invest or buy a book or buy a program or a course, they have an idea of the frame of reference, of what this person is known for. So I want you guys to do a brain dump, another brain dump. You guys are doing lots of brain dumps. After today's call, I want you to do a brain dump of what is the known topic or category, or what I call the prominent selling idea that you want to become known for? And don't stress if this word or this term doesn't come to you immediately. I want you to just brain dump all of the things that you do, that you solve, that you have perspectives, that you have opinions on, and over the next several weeks, I want you to get clearer on what is that known category, what is the overarching topic that you become known for? And finally, this is the last thing before we log off today. These are the three pillars and the functions of a brand. Now, you guys probably saw me post this in my stories, and this is the underpinning of this whole program. The whole purpose of me showing you this is to show you how to organize something into a

Speaker 1  1:56:28
framework or in into a method that becomes the thing that people buy into. So what's really important for you guys to see here is the this is, this is just simply my interpretation of what the functions and pillar of a brand is, and because I have this system, I've now been able to organize the rest of this program in a way that makes sure that you guys get clear on each of these elements. So we are likely going to have about two calls dedicated to each one of these things, so that you guys walk away with the clarity on the whole scope of how to become that neuro brand. Right the star in the middle is what you guys saw up here. So we really want to make sure that we've validated demand, that you've gotten solid on your identity, and you know exactly what the solution is, so that you're relevant, so that you're differentiated, and so that your essence is being communicated clearly to people. But again, this is just an example, a very simple example of how to create a framework that encapsulates your genius and that guides what it is that you do with people when they finally come into your world. Alright, let me stop my share there. Going to take a quick look at the chat. And I know we're over guys, but I know also where it was our first call. So I was, I was assuming that we probably would go a couple of minutes over. All right, so let me take a quick look here. Let me just see what I have missed do. To do, first of all, how are we feeling, before I even look at the chat, how are we feeling? I know today was very theoretical, and I did warn you that it is going to be very theoretical in the ways that we think about our brand. And like I said, your brains are going to be kind of spinning a little bit because there's a lot of deconditioning, a lot of new concepts. But it's very much about thinking about how to brand, not what to brand or what to say, but thinking about the how behind it. Okay, amazing, amazing, amazing. This is all good. And it says, fuck, I've become a commodity, Ghostbuster, yeah, and that's okay, and that's that's perfectly fine. That's why you're here. You have the awareness, and I think that's important. I think what, what becomes dangerous is when people don't have the awareness of where they fall into and then they keep going in circles over and over again, not knowing who to invest into, what to get support with, or they just don't know what the problem is. Eduardo says that was me. I bought into this program without knowing the details. Everything resonated with me. Yep, exactly. There you go. Kevin says, I think I'm in the third level because I don't fit any of the other but my brand sucks. Well, let's, let's, let's be gentle here. It might not be that the brand sucks. It might just be that there's elements that you have yet to find clarity on, and once you find clarity on those elements, it becomes a lot easier to be able to talk about what you do from that place of conviction. Do.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai