Speaker 1  00:09
Hello. Hello, my friends. How is everyone doing? Happy? Friday, welcome, welcome. Everyone's doing good. Nice to see your faces. Nice to see your faces. Welcome, welcome. Super happy to be doing this Q A session with you guys. I want to almost say that your brains won't hurt as much, because I'm not going to be talking at you and lecturing you. But we all know how this is going to go. We're probably going to get deep. Thank you for everyone who submitted your questions. Really appreciate you guys for giving all the details. I have picked up a number of common themes, it seems, across all the questions, which was very expected for this phase of the program. I know we're only two weeks in, but it's very evident to me that many people are stuck focusing on their psis, their MPPs, getting really clear on what is that problem that they solve, what is the main theme that they want to become known for? And a couple of other questions around your categories and your domains. So I'm going to be going through the thread in order, in order of whoever dropped their questions in there, and I will still answer your question if you're not live on the call, but my preference is for you to be live on this call, because I like to take an interactive approach. So for those of you who dropped your questions in there, I like to ask you a few more questions to clarify. I like to get you to reflect on certain aspects. And so it's always more helpful for you to be on here, but if you're not, no worries, I'm happy to still answer the question. And if there's more context that's needed. I will always drop into the group and give you guys more context if it's if it's required. I'm still in the midst of figuring out this internet situation. I was in the talks with an IT person today for my house. It turns out that the internet that I'm in in this new unit that I moved into is actually a guest unit, or I get like, a guest Wi Fi, so I'm not even fully connected to, like, the main router. It's not even in my unit. So that's likely why I was having all of this, you know, connectivity issues, but it's all good. I'm speaking to someone to see if I can get an amplifier in here, which I don't really like with all the EMF stuff, but it is what it is. Sometimes we don't have have a choice when it comes to calls. So just for the sake of not being interrupted today again, I'm going to keep my camera off so that you guys can hear me, because it's more important for you guys to hear what I'm saying than it does to see my face. You guys are not paying me to see my face. Let's be real. So a couple of quick things before we jump in. I know there's a lot of questions that are submitted, and I do have a hard stop at the two hour mark. I mentioned that this call is going to be 90 minutes, but those of you who worked with me before you know that I'm more than happy to stay on board to make sure that everyone's questions get answered. So I'm going to do my best to go in depth, but also make sure that everyone at least has a touch point with me, or everyone who's dropped a question, and that is and if by chance I don't get to you, don't fear, I will circle back and either record a separate training just on my own, answering your question, or I will go into the group and answer, you know, whatever was left in there. I know a couple of you have also dropped some questions in there that I haven't gotten to yet. So again, don't worry. I haven't forgotten about you. I will be going through the group in depth, just to make sure that everyone is Yeah, everyone gets gets an answer to a certain point next. There's a couple of questions that were dropped that are in relation to your methods, your processes, and to market research and building demand. Now, as you guys know, we're only in the second week of this group and of this program, and there's going to be plenty that we are going to cover on what your unique process is, what the unique framework is, how to make sure that you distill down all of your genius into whether it's a process or a framework or something that becomes proprietary to you. And then next week, we're going to be also focusing on how to actually make sure that what you're creating is in demand. So if you have any questions around, like the messaging component and how to position it so that people understand how to make sure that there's actual demand for what it is that you're creating, I'm going to leave those questions for next week, because our entire session next week is going to be focused on market research and how to make sure whatever it is that you're creating is actually something or willing to people are willing to buy. And as I mentioned, the week after that, we're going to be focused on your processes. So if you have questions related to that, I will circle back to it, because there's quite a bit of teaching that might already get your questions answered. Okay, and if by chance, we have some time left over at the end of this session today. If there's anything that has come up, for those of you who are just listening in and you want to get some feedback or want to get a question answered, I'm happy to just kind of like riff off of it, but we'll see how much time we have left. Okay, all right, let's dive in. So before I open up. The thread, there's a couple of remarks I want to make, just based on some of the questions that were submitted and some of the themes that I'm noticing and what some of you guys are finding a little bit challenging, and, you know, maybe seems like a bit of an obstacle. So the very first one was identifying the problem that you solve. Drop a one in the comments. If this was a little frustrating for you. It was kind of hard to really pinpoint what that problem was. Yeah, this is one I get very, very often, and as I mentioned, I forget if it was on last week's call or the one we just had on Tuesday. I've worked with seven to eight figure brands who had trouble distilling this down, like people who've made a lot of money in this space by getting away with really good, you know, messaging and content and building a good presence. But when I got into the deeper questions of, what is it that you actually solve, it became very difficult for them to answer. Sasha puts in four ones in there. Yeah, you're not alone. You're absolutely not alone. So the way that I like to reframe this for any of you who are finding this question a bit challenging, is not to think of it in terms of a problem, because when we think of it as a problem, it almost feels like we need to pigeonhole ourselves into one siloed way of thinking of like, what is the one thing that people come to us for? I want you to reflect back on why you decided to start this business in the first place. What was the thing that prompted you to get into business? Because chances are, you guys didn't just wake up one day and say, I have this offer, right? There was something that prompted you it was either like an event or a conversation or an amalgamation of different experiences that led you to huh. I need to start this thing. So while it might not be a singular problem that you can articulate right now, I want you to think back to all the fragmented experiences or thoughts or aha moments that led you to the point where you're like, I need to start talking about this. And it's okay if you can't articulate it in a single sentence right now, as I mentioned to you guys earlier this week, when we were doing the whole chain of you know, your category, your domain, your specialty, that is where I want you guys to ultimately have clarity on but it might not come to you right now. That's just simply the goal that is, like the end outcome that I want you guys to work towards, so that when you're building your brand, or when you're doing, let's say, client interviews, or if you're creating content, I want you guys to start thinking about your brand in that way. So what is your category? What is the domain, what is the specialty? And those things are going to change and change and refine over time. So don't be, you know, discouraged if it's feeling really hard to put it in those exact categories. But the thing I want you guys to come back to is what got you to get into this business in the first place. What was the reason why you thought it would be a good idea to start a brand around this? What were the problems that you were observing in the marketplace? Typically, there's three ways that we come to this decision, of, like, I need to start a business around this, aside from, I want to be my own boss, and I want to make a lot of money, and I want to be on want to be online, and, you know, all of those things, those are the extremes of things. I'm not, I'm not even going to touch on the reasons why we got into what we got into is a we got over a mess of our own. It does might not apply to everybody, but some of you have likely faced a challenge or an obstacle or something that felt extremely heavy, something that was a major shift that you had to make in your own life, like a problem that you yourself had to overcome, and as a result of your experience and your expertise and what you developed in overcoming that challenge, you now want to help other people do the same thing.

Speaker 1  09:15
For others. It might not have been something that you yourself overcame, but it was an observation in the marketplace, you started noticing a pattern. You started noticing that the people that you are observing are consistently battling the same issue, like, huh, it's kind of interesting that everyone I come across seems to have this problem, and you might have had a differentiated opinion, you might have had a different perspective, or you might have become the go to for people to go to to help solve that problem. And again, going back to the whole intuitive versus. Crystallized genius. You might not have even known that you were good at solving that problem until you started recognizing people consistently coming to you for it, or when you'd see people struggle with it. You had a perspective to share. You had insight to share. So you were observation. So number one, it was something you personally overcame. Number two, it was something that you were good at helping others overcome, or you observed in others facing that challenge on a reoccurring basis. And the third, and this is the one I identify with, is that it's not necessarily something that you struggled with, or that you observed, but it was a unique skill set, gift or talent that you recognized early on most people don't have. For me, this was communication, and I didn't even recognize it as a gift or skill or talent, because it came so naturally to me that I just automatically assumed everybody was good at it. And so when I would write or when I would communicate and people would compliment me on it, I never understood what they were complimenting me on, because I'm like, well, can't everybody just communicate? Can't everybody write essays that just get the point across? And so it becomes extremely important for us to also recognize that perhaps we got into business because there was something that we felt we are either better at, we're skilled at, we're gifted at that could add value to our space, that can add value to other people.

Unknown Speaker  11:58
So when we're thinking about our psi or our most pressing problem.

Speaker 1  12:07
It's an easier approach to start thinking about it through the lens of these three things, because now we're no longer trying to pigeonhole ourselves into what is that one problem that we solve? But instead, we're asking ourselves, was it something I overcame, was it something I observed, or was it something that I recognized in myself, that I'm much more I'm much better at, or that I have a differentiated way of doing things that can actually help add value. This could have also been a curiosity, like maybe it wasn't a hidden talent or a skill, but maybe you just always had this, this natural inclination, or this curiosity for a particular topic, and you went deep into it, you studied it, you researched it, you developed a skill in it. Sasha's asking, can it be a mix of all three? Absolutely, yeah, most of the time it is. Most of the time it starts with one and then you start to notice patterns in others. So for example, if I use myself as an example, I had a skill set in communication and in writing. I did not know that that was something I could monetize like before I even understood what copywriting was, I didn't know what copywriting was at all. I kind of stumbled on it by accident. I had no idea I would write things. I would publish my writings. People always complimented me on my writings. And then slowly, I started realizing that this thing that comes so naturally to me is actually something most people struggle with when it comes to expressing themselves when it comes to getting their points out in writing. Until I was like, Huh, interesting. It seems like people have these thoughts, but they just can't seem to articulate and verbalize them well. And then I started really deeply researching, you know, linguistics and, you know, psychology back to communication, and that's where I came into neuro marketing. And then I discovered copywriting, like, Oh, that's a whole field. Like, people actually get paid to do this. That's interesting. So it's, it's kind of like it came to me by accident Jessica saying, it's such a beautiful discovery when we find a word that describes that exact thing when actually gifted it exactly. Yeah. And later in this, in this container, when we're talking about messaging, I'm actually going to be talking about the importance of adding labels and adding names to what you solve. Because when you're able to take every you know symptom that you address, or if you're able to take your solution and turn it into a branded concept, meaning, like, I help with blank it actually helps people feel the sense of relief of like, oh, okay, yeah, that's exactly what I've been looking for, all right. And Sasha, I come back to this question, because this is actually the second point I'm going to cover. So how did I translate this, this, you know, easy, breezy genius of mine, into, you know. How other people can understand what it was that I was doing in the beginning of my journey. The simple answer here is that I didn't. I didn't, and it's it's actually okay to not have a very clear, articulate way of expressing what it is that you do, because the message will clarify itself the more you engage with it. And so I'm going to get into this in a little bit here, but coming back to the MPP and the psi, does anyone want to share any thoughts, any reflections that come to them as I was going through those three ways that you can, you know, you can kind of identify what got you into business in the first place?

Speaker 2  15:38
I can share, yeah, go for it. Take off my blue light blocking glasses so you guys can actually see my eyes. Yeah, I I really liked the different categories, because I do think that I am a combination of three. Like I was always fascinated by sex. I've always been the person that people share too much information with. There's no such thing as EMI with me. Kind of wanted to be a physical therapist because of my mom. She has MS, and I went through a lot of physical therapy with her, but I also kind of wanted to be a sex therapist for my own interest, and then, as I started working as a physical therapist, I specialized in the pelvic floor. Because of this, started seeing patterns in my clients that were having pain with sex, that were postpartum, that were going through menopause. And you know, I started noticing that it's not just about the physical it is. What's happening in your relationship, what's happening with your boundaries, what's happening with the food that you're putting in your body, what's happening with your nervous system in general, how is other stressors impacting you? And I saw this pattern of the medical system just gaslighting women and queer folks especially. And then at the same time, I had my own mess come up, and I was dealing with my own health struggles, and they weren't sex related, but I was still a woman and a queer person trying to navigate the medical system and getting hit with you know it's all in your head, your labs are normal, maybe just calm down. And that's how I found my way to functional neurology. That's how I found my way to hypnosis. That's how I found my way to Integrative Nutrition and lifestyle medicine. And I've taken everything that I've learned from my own healing journey, combined it with my total fascination and obsession with sex and relationships and my own just visualizing seeing 12 to 16 people a day in a pelvic floor physical therapy clinic that specialized in sex, working with a world renowned Sexual Medicine physician who runs the only sexual medicine fellowship in the country. So it's like all when you were saying each thing, I'm like, Yeah, that's that's my thing, that's my thing, that's my thing. So I feel like it would be helpful too, if you're giving a talk and sharing your story to kind of hit each of these points as well. Perhaps, I don't know totally, thank you

Speaker 1  18:28
so much for sharing. That's beautiful. And do you guys notice that she was talking that's basically a whole brand story that she just went through right there? Like, you didn't have to really even think about crafting the perfect message, because you just shared from an authentic place of like, oh yeah, that's what got me into what I'm doing right now. This is what led me here. This is my observation. This is what I realized. And you were able to, very simply draw from your experience, your interest, your passion, and the things that you were learning to be like, here's how I combined all of them to get to where I am right now. It's supposed to feel this natural, because you're simply just answering the questions of how you got into this space, and that's it, right, right? I love it. That's great. No problem. Sasha, I saw your hand go up, go for it. Yeah.

Speaker 3  19:16
I wanted to share mine because I thought, yeah, Rose, that was absolutely beautiful. I'm like, Yes, resonated with a lot of that, and I think a lot of us did as well. I think mine's Yeah, harming as you know, I'm not in the business world. I'm corporate person, but really sort of wants to build that personal brand around wellness. And I guess realistic wellness, coming from an athletic background, was on the US tennis team, played for 16 years, highly athletic, lost my period for four years through that process, and was very much in the performance, while also trying to look a certain way. And kind of got really sucked into all the trends of the 2016 2017 Instagram. Some raw, vegan sort of lifestyles, while the kind of maintain performance and was just diet hopping, athletic hopping, all the different things, until I developed a lot of immune diseases, my body broke down, and every doctor was like, you're fine. Like, just get on birth control. Get on birth control. Baby get on birth control. I was, I was 16 at the time, and I was like, no, there has to be another way. And my mom, thank God for being from the Soviet Union, doesn't leave medication. And so she was like, You're not going on that we will find another way. And that's when her and I kind of dived deep into holistic healing and force of medicine and driving through like nutrition, through cycle syncing, I found that that's what led me then to building an app in college and starting to really bring that to the forefront. And then went and did my Master's in Organizational Psychology, wanting to bring that into the workplace, and really realize that the workplace, and, like, being a young corporate person, and I'm in London, and everyone's just like, pub after work, pub after work hub and or they'll go to the gym and then go and smoke a pack of cigarettes and, Like, there's what, what is going on, and really bringing wellness, not being this all in one thing, of not, sorry, that's like either 100% of like, you're only drinking your green juices and your 60 pound Pilates classes. But is that deeper work and that inner reflection and realize how much of my stick was literally all internal, and wanting to bring that in a way that is really accessible, it isn't scary. I love working with men as well, and just like making it really accessible for for anyone, and it not being a costly your kidney, because stuff here is just insane to be healthy, and all the information out there is really confusing, very convoluted and very lots of red flags, lots of red flags. And so I think my big mission is really bringing the people in their 20s and 30s back home to themselves and be ambitious, while also like fulfilling their purpose without burning themselves to the ground and trying to achieve that.

Speaker 1  22:23
Yeah, wow. Well, do you see, Sasha, how you just described what it is that you solve and why you're doing it, without having to overthink, like, what

Speaker 3  22:32
solves? I think this, yeah, this question. I think just solved everything. So I think, I think everyone, as you were saying, everyone was like, yeah, yes, because, yeah, origin story. So it's an origin story versus, like, what problem do you solve? All of us probably solve, like, 10 different problems exactly, and it's like taking one is just like, there's nothing, nothing comes out, versus actual story. So thank you for asking that left, and that changed everything. Of course, I'm

Speaker 1  23:03
glad it was helpful. And I think what's important here for everyone to know is that when you shift away from trying to land on the message that is going to be the most impactful, and instead just simply speak from experience, that's when the message actually lands. One of the things that I feel like I harp on in my neuro message group with every single person is anytime you try to make something authentic or you try to make something marketable, you're actually doing the complete opposite. It's like the paradox of messaging is, yes, you want to be clear, you want to be tangible, you want to make sure that your brand stands for something. But the more you try to make it penetrate people's minds, the less it actually penetrates. And I know it sounds like very backwards from a copywriting perspective, because we've all been taught that there's a specific way to say things, just to make sure everyone gets it. So when we're thinking about what is the problem that we solve? Realistically, there's multiple different problems that will be solved for people. And if you guys are in complex fields like myself, there's many different outcomes and spin offs that people will experience while working with you. So it's not your job to just simply identify the single outcome or the single problem that will go away. Instead, it is your job to articulate why what you do is relevant and important. Why does someone care? That is kind of the bottom line question that needs to be answered. Why would someone care? Why would someone want to invest in this? And I think the big mishap that happens in messaging, in branding, in marketing, is we get so caught up in talking about like, all the benefits and all the reasons why people need to believe why we do what we do is so important, is that we forget that we just need to make sure that people understand. Why should they care? Why would they pay us at the bottom of every transaction or every business, there is some value exchange that is happening. Right? So we're not just simply, you know, selling transformation, or, like I said last week, like helping them overcome their limiting beliefs and mindset blocks like that doesn't communicate anything to them. They need to understand why this is important. So by infusing your personal story, what was the mess you overcame, what was the problem that you observed in the industry that got you into what you're doing now, what was the hidden gift or talent or skill set or curiosity that you decided to follow? You can start shifting that narrative and demonstrating why the work that you do is necessary and is relevant to a particular type of person. Sasha, that question. Is a messaging question. I'm going to come back to it in a separate call, because yes, there is a difference in showing them the problem that they think they have versus the problem they actually have. That is, like the crux of copy. That is the whole reason why people hire copywriters in the first place is because they're communicating from their perspective, not the perspective of their audience. So yes, we will get into that a little bit later. Okay, the next point I want to get into, before we get into the actual questions, is to remember that nobody's actually paying you for being clear on your psi. And this is a bit of a kind of a dumb reminder. Honestly, it's kind of like, well, duh. But I think sometimes we get so so caught up in like, okay, okay, I need to get really, really clear on the what this one problem is. I really need to get clear on what my brand name is. Nobody is paying you for that. What they're paying you for is if you can show up with a consistent message and demonstrating why, what the thing you do is going to significantly improve their current circumstances. And sometimes you don't even need to have that single sentence that says, like, I help people solve this problem, but what you do need is to consistently be in dialog with your audience, and in dialog, I mean consistently sharing tidbits of your expertise that demonstrate you know what you're talking about. If you were to audit my social media presence, it's very rare that I overtly say I help you understand the science and art of communication so that you can attract leads on autopilot. Like I don't say that sentence, but all of my posts convey that message, and so even if you haven't landed on that single sentence or the category or the domain just yet, you guys are all experts in what it is that you do. That's why you're here. So I'm going to challenge you guys before we even get into the messaging module, and you know, before we get into some of the more nitty gritty details of demand and all of that, just simply start talking about what it is that you do, and some prompts to help you with this, and I'll post these in the group afterwards. I think that'll be helpful is just to think back at the three questions I just asked right now, like, what was a mess you had to overcome? Or what was something relevant to your field, that you have a personal experience to share about. What was it that you observed in your field that either pissed you off or that you had something to say about, and what was either a skill set or an opinion or a talent that you had that you knew had to be shared. You knew it, it would add value. And when you're doing this, you're not attempting to write content. You are just simply sharing. You are not attempting to position yourself in any particular way. You are not trying to portray authority. You're not trying to get people to make a decision to work with you. You are simply nurturing. You are putting those deposits in to build your brand equity. Some of you, and I've noticed a couple of questions that were put in the thread, and I want to address this now. Some of you are in the pre brand building phase right now, and you're trying too hard to build a brand. You're not in the position to build a brand right now. You're in the pre position of gathering data of strengthening your skills, of solidifying what is it that you actually stand for? So you need to go out and experiment with your message. You need to experiment with your skill set before you can narrow down who it's relevant for and how you can offer it. So for those of you who drop questions in the thread asking, you know, I'm not necessarily selling anything right now, like I'm not offering a particular service. I don't have a package. I'm just, I'm looking to kind of dip my toes in the brand building space and to just put something out there. This is where. Where your brand is actually developed. It's the pre branding phase that allows you to experiment with what do you actually stand for? What do you feel convicted in? And so when I say you're just simply following the nudges of curiosity, this is when you are not thinking about how to build a brand. You are simply going out and sharing things that are relevant to you right now. And like I said, after after this call, perhaps I'll drop like, a number of prompts that I used personally and that I've developed for my clients, like when you're not actually creating demand right now, and it's totally fine to not be creating demand, what you're doing is that you're nurturing your audience, and you're starting to build the foundations of your brand equity. What are some of the messages that you want to share? The key here is not to feel pressured to have to portray a certain message or have to be perceived a certain way. You're simply going out and showing people who you actually are. And I think again, because there's been such an over emphasis put on marketing and on authority building that everyone and anyone is out there thinking that I need to position myself as the go to before they're even ready to do that. And it's okay to admit that you're not ready and you're not there. Speaking from personal experience, the majority of my personal brand was built when I didn't actually have anything to offer. I worked as an in house copywriter and as an in house copy coach within other people's organizations for multiple years. Many of you actually met me through those means, and yet I was still building my audience. I was still creating content. I was sharing wisdom. I was creating intimacy and connection with my audience through sharing tidbits of my life lessons, sharing tidbits of my perspectives and marketing and again, there was no attachment to any sort of ROI. There was no offer I was making on the tail end of it, but over time, that's what created my hyper, engaged audience. That's what created the desire for people to want to experience my work over time. So it's totally fine to not have anything to offer right now. I don't want you guys to overthink, what do I post in this time, what you post is whatever comes to mind. What you post is anything that you feel is relevant to your expertise, to your interest, to your audience, to your personal experiences that you think you could extract insights and lessons from share that all right now for the fun stuff, let's actually get into the questions. So I'm going to go in order of what was posted. So rose, I saw your your question was up there first. Let me just make sure I have it up in order so I can see. Do give me a second here. Do

Speaker 1  33:05
Yes, here we are. Okay, so let me just bring up both my screen so that I can see multiple things at the same time. That would be helpful. All right, Rose, did you want to give me any more context beyond what you had typed out on anything that's come up for you, maybe after you posted this, or anything, just based on what we just discussed. Yeah.

Speaker 2  33:30
So I think that the main thing is, since 2018 I've been working direct, like directly with the client. So initially, my business focused on helping people overcome pain with sex. Then I realized that, you know, moving from pain to desire and moving from not wanting to wanting, very similar process. And so now I just work with anyone whether they've had pain in the past, where they whether they currently have pain, or whether they just wish they wanted sex more. Often want to enjoy sex more. And so I feel like I got to a point where I was pretty comfortable talking about that direct to the client. But what's different is this year, basically since 2019 I've been behind the scenes training all the sex therapists and sex educators that get trained through University of Michigan. I'm on faculty there running trainings for therapists behind the scenes. I've been running trainings for physical therapists behind the scenes. And so for the first time, I'm running my own like forward, facing mentorship. And so it's like the messaging is a little different, because my ideal client is a practitioner. Now it's not the person. In themselves. And so I feel like I can kind of be like, if your clients are saying that they're wanting to feel that spark again, that they're wanting to look at their partner like they have a secret. Like, I feel like I have all those things that I could say, but I also don't know if I should get more clear on, like, why a provider would want to come to my training and become like a standout in this area, like niche themselves, so that they have niche sexual health experience, that kind of thing. So I think that's got it. Okay.

Speaker 1  35:35
Love that. So everything you had actually typed out in your comment, I I agree with all of it like that, the specialty, the category, the problem, like, I feel like that's that's perfect, like everything you have written down is good. Here's the key difference that I want you to consider, and this is going to be relevant for everybody who is either upgrading who they're speaking to, or will ever, ever go through like a micro pivot, where it's not like you're pivoting your expertise, but you're pivoting the audience of who you're speaking to. So rose you have, and I remember from multiple years ago when we worked together, you have really precise messaging when it comes to just, you know, everything that you said around like the building the desire and have your partner look at you a certain way, like, those are really like the micro desires of what people want, and that's why they come to you. But now you're shifting your audience from like a B to C, meaning the individuals to almost like a B to B, where it's you're you're speaking to practitioners now, not the people themselves, who might be having issues with desire. So what we want to keep in mind here is that there's a shift in the psychographics of who you're speaking to. So the problems that you were you were solving before are not the problems you're solving now, the problems before had to do with you having actual hands on experience with pelvic floor, work with sexual you know, neuroscience, all of that. Now the problem is geared towards the practitioner who wants to target those people. So we want to focus on the psychographic of what is important to those practitioners. Why would they want access to your knowledge, and what is that going to enable them to do? So I can share from you know, my own perspective of this is that the reason why someone would want to work with you is likely because they themselves have interest in this realm, but they probably don't have full conviction in being able to support their clients at a very deep level. The psychographics of the practitioners is they now want to develop their skill set. It would be the same thing for me if I shifted my focus from teaching other personal brands marketing to creating, let's say, a certification program for other marketers to then teach my methods so my messaging would also shift, because I'm now focused on helping other marketers become more confident in their ability to Help other people develop their brand message and whatnot. So it's the same concept here for you. So your specialty, the problem, like all of that, still remains the same, but in how you want to be communicating in your content. From here on out, it is a lot more focused on what are some of the potential fears, anxieties and insecurities that the practitioners might be having behind the scenes. What are the day to day obstacles that they face with their clients that you know once they have access to your teachings, is no longer going to be a problem for them? Okay? Does that resonate? Yeah,

Speaker 2  38:40
I'm just thinking about like, Okay, you're six visits in and you're not moving the needle on, you know, your client's desire. Or maybe you've worked really hard on painless sex, but they still have no interest, and so it doesn't change their quality of life. Or maybe you're a therapist and you've, you know, done all the Gottman stuff, you've done all the EFT stuff, and yet your clients not sparking that desire. Maybe you're a coach and and your clients are starting to talk to you about sex, and you you don't really know where to go from there, where to take it, from there, right? You've tried the thought models, and it's not quite hitting. So maybe, like, like, I remember us talking about, like, minute to minute, like, Would I do? Kind of, like a minute to minute for a client like this person is sitting in front of you. They're saying that they love you, their partner, and they just wish they wanted sex more, and you want to be able to help them, but you know, you don't know what to say. Like, you don't have a tool Exactly.

Speaker 1  39:38
They're missing the tools, the skill set and the conviction and being able to support their clients go from point A to point B, and here's what's going to really help you stand out. I might be getting ahead of myself here, but you guys know me. I can't like I can't stop myself when it comes to this. I'm going to get into some of the deeper messaging stuff here. One of the messaging tools that. I teach people is to to help them kind of see or help them communicate what it is that they do to their particular psychographic is to identify a common paradigm that their target market is hyper fixated on, and then show them how they are missing this new paradigm that you are going to instill with them. So whether it's a therapist, another PT, or whatever kind of like domain they fall into, I want you to identify what is the common school of thought, or what is the common like toolkit that they turn to when their clients are having issues with desire, and then poke holes in that and show them how that is not enough, and that is why they're feeling like they don't know what to say when their client is coming to them with whatever XYZ issue. So maybe they have, yeah, go for it. No, you go for it. I was going to say that maybe they have the, like, the thought model, or maybe they have specific, like physical tools that they deploy with them. And you want to demonstrate how those tools are limited, and how what it what you do with them, you know, with the combination of the neuroscience, with the combination of, like, all of your zones of expertise, how is that going to help move the needle forward in a way that they don't have access to right now?

Speaker 2  41:35
Yeah, like you feel like you can only get your clients so far before you have to refer them on and you feel like they're kind of like having to go on this, like lily pad, the lily pad of the medical system. And you wish you could connect the dots a little bit more, or something like that.

Speaker 1  41:54
Yeah, next week, we're going to be covering demand in like, really great detail, one of the things that rose would be really relevant for you is to understand what are the core fears, anxieties and almost like inadequacies that these practitioners are feeling in their skill set right now, and to demonstrate to them that they're not at fault, this doesn't mean anything about their capability. They're just missing key pieces of knowledge and tools that can really help facilitate the transformation to the full depth that they know they're capable of.

Speaker 2  42:38
Okay, yeah, because I feel like, when I was doing this, I was like, should I niche down more specifically? Like, only speak to therapists, only speak to physical therapists. But I do think that, like, I lovingly refer to my practice as kind of like, the butt crack between physical therapy and sex therapy at this point and like, I just think there's so many different practitioners that can benefit from learning this information so many people that could be having these conversations with their clients. And I think the thing that stands out to me that's very different about the way I practice now is the use of functional neurology and hypnosis, like in the greater, physical, emotional stuff. So I wonder if I just speak to that, and instead of niching the audience just like, only focus on the neurology stuff. Do you think? So?

Speaker 1  43:37
Yeah, here's my perspective on this, and we'll get a little bit more into niching next week with this as well. But to me, your niche is not necessarily the like the demographic of practitioners. To me, your niche is the problem of not feeling equipped enough to know how to move people from that place of I don't know, like how to get this person, get to get back into their desire. I don't know how to solve this sex related problem that they're coming to me, awesome. Okay, so it's, it's almost like your focus becomes the intersection of the neurology of the physical therapy, like you're trying to build the case for why your approach is different and superior to the current approach that they are taking right now.

Speaker 2  44:32
One of the things about functional neurology is it's fast. It takes like 30 seconds to make a nervous system shift. Like I feel like fast results is like a easy say there, like, Do you think that's too general?

Speaker 1  44:47
Or no, I think that's that's good. Because I think if we were to identify one of their inadequacies or insecurities, is perhaps how long it takes to facilitate a transformation. So you're essentially showing them that with functional neurology. G you can, you know, speed up the process of how you facilitate a change, and what is that going to result in? So how is that going to benefit you? Where your clients going to be like, Oh my gosh, thank you so much. Like, I didn't, didn't think this was possible for me. So, like, they're, they get to position themselves as someone who is more equipped to help someone with their problem in a shorter time span, because they now have the tool that enables them to do that, whereas before, they didn't have the tool.

Speaker 2  45:25
Awesome. So as far as like in my problem, I said you want to feel more confident helping your clients improve their intimate wellness, but you aren't sure what's in your scope of practice. You don't feel confident guiding your patients clients. In this realm, your clients may be reporting, and then that's where I say, like, I love my partner. I want to want sex, but I'm exhausted at the end of the day. It's hard to shift gears. It's hard to it's creating tension in our relationship. I feel like I'm letting my partner down. Like, so do you do you feel like I'm kind of in the right realm on that problem

Speaker 1  45:57
you are. I'm gonna get you to I'm gonna get you to go even deeper. So those minute to minute things that you came up with based on what the client is saying, I want you to flip it to what is the practitioner saying in their own mind, in those moments, like, oh crap, I don't know how to answer this question, or, Oh crap, I don't know if I have a tool that helps with this awesome so you're getting into the head of the practitioner, not just in the head of the client, and what they're expressing to them. Awesome.

Speaker 2  46:28
Great. Thank you so much. This was really helpful. I appreciate it.

Speaker 1  46:32
Problem, All right, guys. And the beauty of these calls also is that even if you didn't have a question, sometimes in listening to somebody else get coached? You kind of come up with ideas for yourself as well. So great. Great question rose, well done. Okie dokie, next question, gnarly. You had a question around, can I drop some MPP and psi offer statements here, getting ready to launch, and you need some support. So my question to you is based on what we covered in the first little part, or the first little half of this call. Did any ideas come to you for what your most pressing problem and your psi could be based on those kind of three realms that we that we covered? Oh, you

Speaker 1  47:17
can feel free to unmute yourself if you're if you're here, I know you're here, but I don't know if you're actually on the call,

Speaker 1  47:30
going once, going twice. Okay, we'll come back to you if you have dropped something in the in the chat, if you actually are on the call, and then I will come back to you, and we'll, we'll brainstorm through some of those MPPs together. All right, Katie, you're up next. So you had a very similar problem as well, where it was getting stuck on the key problem of solving your work. So any any more context, or any thoughts that came to you after what we what we covered today?

Speaker 4  48:01
Yeah, I think after hearing rose talk, I feel like she was very, very clear, and I've been a bit all over the place, but interesting, I think some things dropped in listening to her talk around the kind of the kind of intersection of beliefs and the kind of skill set you have. And I think that I actually what you said the beginning about it, not focusing on the problem, focusing instead on, you know, our origin, and my head went into a bit of a panic with that, but equally, forgetting what came out of that, taking my mind away from the problem, I think actually is really, really transformational. Because I think it kind of almost starts in a place of stress, yes, and by taking it away from that, and taking it to the kind of desire or the drive, it puts it in a completely different energy, and I think that's what I need to focus on. And even though I don't have the answers right now, I think I need to do some like, well, journaling, almost on brainstorming on this, to kind of find some gems that I can kind of pull together.

Speaker 1  49:17
Okay, so I have, I have some some thoughts on this. Because not alone in thinking that way, guys drop, drop, like a one or two in the comments. If anyone else feels that way, or if anyone else is feeling a little bit just like, Yes, it's me. If there's, if there's anyone else that kind of feels a little bit like, yeah, there's, there's like things that I know I should be saying or or areas that I feel like I need to be focused on. But for some reason I just, I can't, you know, I can't put my finger on it. Okay. So Sasha says, drop your handle and let's hype up. So Katie, if I had no idea who you were, what you do, like, if I was like, first coming into your world, and I was like. Your dream, ideal client, whatever that looks like. I'm not even gonna pretend to know what you know, what that is, or who that is, what would be some of the things that I would say to you in terms of what I'm facing or what I'm going through that would make you go, Oh, I have a solution for that.

Speaker 4  50:19
Yeah, it's so women that, generally, like highly sensitive, have visibility fears like fear, fear of speaking, public speaking, or fears of being seen, a kind of quite quiet in their business, and want to be able to show up more. For me, the word that always comes for me is power and being empowered, but then I'm not very good at translating that into client speak into what is the actual problem? That's, yeah, that's where I get it

Speaker 1  50:53
stuck. Okay, so tell me a little bit about how that struggle with power is showing up for them. Like, what could be some of the day to day things they're going through that would indicate that they're having that power struggle within

Speaker 4  51:07
so I mean, it can, it can fit into so many things, from like not really speaking up in their relationships or to not really choosing, not advocating for themselves in their career or their business, sort of like internal, like self, self doubt, and in turn, a lot of inner healing stuff, like so many things go on, but explain this really

Speaker 1  51:36
badly. No, no, it's okay. This is good. You're verbally processing it. That's what we need.

Speaker 4  51:41
Yeah, yeah. So yeah, lots of different ways. I think for me, it's like, I mean, this is exactly why I'm here, because I'm so bad at explaining to me that not really feeling like you're yourself, and feeling like that frustration around not really feeling like ever fully been yourself, or showing the world who you are.

Speaker 1  52:02
That's really good, actually. Okay. Could you say, or, yeah, could you say that there's maybe, like, two to three domains in their life that this shows up the most, like, for example, career relationships, like domains that you see these patterns in a lot,

Speaker 4  52:20
yeah. And I think for me, I'm focused mainly on women in business, so it will be mainly that. But yes, it's gonna, definitely it will, yeah, turn up in lots of things, even health and but yeah, probably career and relationships the main thing, okay,

Speaker 1  52:36
and by chance, and it's okay if you don't, but that's why we're here. Do you have almost like, a term or a diagnosis or some sort of label on you know, why these women are experiencing these symptoms, like, for example, like good girl syndrome? Or is there, is there anything that you you feel like you diagnose them with when they come to you?

Speaker 4  52:58
That's really interesting. You say that because I do feel like it is good, like, good girl programming, but I never use that term because I feel like, Do people know that they've got that like? So that's what I've avoided using it. I've got a blog on my website about it, but I've never actually used that. So no, I don't have a term because I'm not. I think I again, I probably worry too much about what they recognize and what how they would see it.

Speaker 1  53:25
Okay, so this is a really good example of being in a pre branding phase, necessarily landing exactly on what it is that people are coming to you for, but you have the gist and you have the idea of the problems that you solve. So, yeah, fragmented pieces of your message. And our job now becomes to try to add some structure to it. It's almost like when you have water and it's just flowing all over the place, and if you put it in a glass container, at least you have like, a containment of it, like, okay, all the or goes into this glass this, this is where it belongs. That's what we're trying to do with the brand. And I love this phase, because this is, like the really messy middle trying to figure out what it is exactly that you do that seems really mucky and frustrating, but it is so necessary. So here's what I recommend that you do before we land on the MPP, before we land on the branded concept is that I get the sense that you have a really good idea of what are the symptoms that these women come to you with, maybe not the problem, but the symptoms. So if you were to deconstruct good girl programming, and it doesn't like we don't have to call it good girl programming in your body, but just for the sake of giving you some direction. If we had to deconstruct all of the ways that good girl programming comes out in these women, I want you to come up with a whole list of symptoms of what are their day to day interactions like, how is it that they deal with conflict? How is it that they approach decision making? How is it that they, you know, show up in relationships, whether it's professional or personal. So I almost want you to come up with a lot of scenarios of, how are these women showing up in their day to day?

Unknown Speaker  55:15
Yeah, that's a really good idea, yeah?

Speaker 1  55:17
Because while they might not identify with good girl programming. What we know is that they will identify with the symptoms. And again, this might go beyond the scope of just this one call, but when we get deeper into messaging, people won't always have a label for what their problem or what their diagnosis is, but they will know that there's a problem that they want to get rid of. So yeah, they have good girl syndrome. They won't know that they have good girl syndrome, but what they will know is that they probably say yes when they mean to say no, or they don't stick stick up for themselves when someone you know maybe insults them or or crosses a boundary. Or Yeah, Jessica says people pleasers exactly these people teasing tendencies so they're aware of it. And the ideal client that you want to work with is the person who is aware and willing to change or looking for solutions to change. There will also be people in your audience, and this goes for everybody. Everybody on this call, there will be people in your audience who you might deem as being ideal clients, because they either suffer with or have the problems solve, but if they are not aware of it, and if they are not actively looking for a solution, it becomes incredibly hard to quote, unquote, convince them of why they need your support, because They themselves have not come to that decision yet.

Speaker 4  56:43
Yeah, yeah, no, definitely, yeah. It's that micro messaging stuff that I really like. Really does my I worry about it too much. I think I overthink it. But I'm, I'm that person that, you know, if I meet someone at a party, I want to go talk about, you know, the meaning of life, not the small things. So I think I just get, oh, God, I don't know how to talk to someone like this. Yes.

Speaker 1  57:06
Well, here's the thing. So when you want to talk about the meaning of life, and they want to talk about how they're people pleasing there, feels like there's a bit of a mismatch between what you guys are talking about. But I want you to think about it from this way, you guys are talking about the same thing just from different angles. You're seeing the problem from a more advanced perspective. They're seeing it from their perspective, which is not as advanced, like they don't have the full scope of knowledge that you have. And it is our job as brands to make our message relevant to them, because if we were to speak purely just from our expertise. It's going to go over their heads. They're not going to know how it's relevant to them. We want to make sure that they understand how our work is relevant to what they're going through. And again, this kind of dives into some of the messaging components, but for the purpose of your brand, what I want you to start thinking about, because my goal is for you at the end of this program is to feel like you have a convicted standpoint on this is the core issue. This is the branded concept. This is the main diagnosis of what I solve. And here is how I solve it. That is my goal for you. And then everything messaging wise, is going to stem out of this. So for homework, I want you to almost do a massive brain dump of this victims, not all the problems, because that also could put your head for a spin of like, Oh my gosh. There's so many problems that I solve. I want you to think about if a person is dealing with a great sense of disconnect from themselves and it's feeling like they're they've given their power away. They've outsourced their power if they fall into the good girl people pleaser category. How is this person showing up in their day to day?

Speaker 4  58:47
Yeah, no, yeah. Sorry. Can I ask a question? Actually, I just want to ask your opinion about something, if that's okay. So I did some market research a few months ago, and one of the thing people said was, you know, you know, I want to be seen. You know, I want to get rid of my fear of being seen, which, to me, is not a symptom. How would you describe how would you think that? How they I don't know how to say, how to explain it. How would most people be experiencing that? Do you think

Speaker 1  59:19
that's great? Okay, so what they're describing to you actually is a symptom. Is that okay, they're not describing it like they're describing it from a very high level, because mean, can mean different things for different people. Yeah. And this is again, another subtle messaging nuance that I want everyone to be aware of, because in our messaging, when we use these high level concepts, it's not going to permeate the brain and speak to that reptilian like, oh, I need this side of things. Because when they say I want to be more seen, they know what that means to them, but that might mean something else to somebody else. So when someone tells you that I want you to then list out all of the potential. Scenarios that someone might be going through where they are not being seen. Yeah. Okay, I know it's it seems tedious to do this, but definitely You're right. This is the most work that will help you land on what the heck is it that you actually do? Because as you are listing these out, you might also be like, hm, you know what? This is actually not a problem I want to solve. Yeah, yeah. That's something that will come up for people as well. Like, I've had clients do these brain dumps and be like, Yeah, this is what people are telling me. But you know what, if I had to be honest with myself, I actually don't even want to solve this problem. And it's like, okay, great. Now we've disqualified who is not the ideal person. Yeah? Amazing. Yeah. So do that brain dump and again, it's gonna feel messy, but that's why we're here, because brand building is a messy process. That's why you're here to get the support. But as long as you're starting to feel like more and more directed towards like, oh, okay, this is the thing that I'm feeling solid on. This is the thing I feel confident in being able to solve for people. That's that's the goal here. Well, we'll get into the specifics of messaging later, but we just want to make sure that you're, you're about this part.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:09
No, that's perfect. Thank you.

Speaker 1  1:01:13
Problem that helpful for everybody else, too. I know it gets complex. I know it gets a little like, Wait, what is she talking about? But I promise it's going to make sense at the very end. Okay, next question was from Jesse. I don't actually think Jesse's on the call, but I'm going to read it out to you guys, and I'll share my perspective on it, because I think it'll be relevant for other people as well. So Jesse saying she's contemplating on the problems she solves and the needs that she meets. So people desire to feel more alive, inspired, present, embodied, nurture deeper connections and experience more pleasure and empowerment. My work supports this. My client results are so much more how they feel and move and experience their life. My ask would be for possibly another few examples of developing MPP and psi in a field that the results are in quality of life. Okay? Anyone else resonate with that? Anything else cut? Yeah, yeah. I'm seeing some nods, yeah. Okay, so going back to kind of what I said at the beginning of this call, this is how I want you guys to start thinking about this, because many of you might not feel clear on what is the problem that people are coming to you for, but you might be feeling more clear on what are the desires that you fulfill. So what are the outcomes? What are the overarching promises that you feel good and being able to make, and some of the examples that Jesse shared here so making them feel more alive, inspired, present, embodied and nurture deeper connections. So very similar to what I just shared with Katie right here, when she said that her clients told her that they want to feel more seen. Do you see how feeling more alive inspired present and embodied is also they're all very broad terms that could mean multiple things to multiple different people. So if I say I want to feel embodied, I might have a different definition of it then Jesse might. So my suggestion here is, when you're thinking about your MPP from the perspective of the desire rather than the perspective of the problem that you solve. I want you to ask yourself, what is the opposite of feeling inspired, present and embodied? Because if someone is not feeling alive, inspired, present and embodied, what are they feeling right now? Because that's what your audience is communicating with you. When someone says, I desire to feel that means that they're in the opposite state right now. That is the state that they're trying to get rid of or get out of. So even though your messaging might not be focused on the specific problem. That is how you get to anchor in your mind. Oh, if someone is saying they want to feel more alive, inspired, present and embodied, what does that look like for them right now? So what state are they in right now? Because that's what you're going to be helping them shift out of the second component of this, this question, so when she's developing her PSI. So the prominent selling idea. Again, terms like inspired and present are very open to interpretation, meaning that they can mean different things to different people. So what I would recommend for Jesse to do, or for anybody else on this call who is also feeling like they're making very broad, overarching promises, is a very similar exercise to what I just got Katie to do. Write down what does it look like to be inspired in their day to day for your clients in particular, because I can also say that I help my clients feel inspired, present and embodied, but from a messaging perspective. So the results that we facilitate is very different. So in order to get clarity on what that psi is in a non business tangible term, when you are when your promises are intangible, ask yourself, what is going to improve in their day to day that I feel confident in delivering? Do? What are the relevant things that they are experiencing right now that they no longer want to be experiencing so if they are if they want to feel more alive and embodied, what does that say about how they're feeling right now? If they say they want to nurture deeper connections and experience more pleasure. What does that mean about where they're at right now? So it's taking the desire and asking yourself, if that's what they want, what's the opposite? Because that's the state they're in. And hopefully that helps. Of course, we're going to clarify that even further as we're getting into demand and your process and stuff like that. Okay, Jennifer, you're up next, and I think you are, yes, you are on the call. All right, so you said that you wanted some support in creating your domain chain, and you shared what you have here. So you said that your category is leadership and quantum leadership. Your domain is emotional mastery and self mastery, or magnetic, empathetic women leaders, specialty is cultivating a sense of self worth and belonging, helping them trust and believe that their way works and they don't have to follow traditional ways of leadership to make the impact they desire, honoring all of their pieces and parts, both seen and unseen, connected, harmonious and whole. Okay, I'm going to stop right there, not because it, not because it was, it was bad. I'm just stopping it right there, because I have. I want some more context, too. So your category is leadership. I like that. I would argue that quantum leadership is actually the deeper domain, and here's why, for many of you who are kind of you who are kind of struggling with figuring out, like, what your category is, a good example is, imagine you're walking into a bookstore. You know when you walk into a bookstore and there's like those, those like signs above the shelves to tell you, you know, what category you're in, or what what genre you're in that category. So think of it that way, like you'll see like health and fitness, and you'll see like self help, you'll see psychology, you'll see philosophy. That's your category. That's like the big overarching category. I can't think of a better word, that's the category. And again, in the context of when I was teaching this, I was telling you guys what like this is how your brain stores information. So your brain is thinking, which category does this go into? Is this home and cooking, or is this leadership? Right? Two very separate categories, the next aspect of that. And again, if we're using the bookshelf analogy, you guys will see on the bookshelf, after the big kind of sign at the top, there's going to be little signs on the actual shelves itself, being like, for example, if you're in the business section, it'll say, like, finance, and then it'll say leadership and management, and then it'll say, you know, whatever else, marketing. So that would be your domain. Okay, for you notice how quantum leadership is not actually a category of its own. It's it's a deeper domain within that category. So leadership in general is the category that you're going for, right?

Speaker 5  1:08:05
Okay, now the question I actually had so this is perfect,

Speaker 1  1:08:12
don't write it. So quantum leadership is something that you would now want to define a little bit more, because what happens for people when they're storing information is when something is a new concept to them. They and if they don't know what it means or how it's relevant to them, it's not going to be stored until they have a definition or until they understand the context of it. Now this, again, will be more important when it comes to your messaging, because when you are talking to your ideal clients, you want to be defining what quantum leadership is. How is it different than just regular leadership? Why is it important to the specific pains or symptoms that they're facing right now? That's how you start building the case for it. So I would almost want to move all of these one step down, because the reason why I stopped at your specialty is because I actually felt that the specialty description that you had fit into the problem description that you had and what you had in the domain, which was emotional mastery, self mastery, magnetic and empathetic. You know that that's actually your specialty. Your specialty is emotional and self mastery. And once someone is able to attain Self Mastery, that's when all of the other things that you listed of like honoring all their pieces and their parts and feeling connected and healthy and harmonious and whole, all of those things would be solved. Yep. So this is resonating, yes, okay, I gotta look how much to say. Because

Speaker 5  1:09:48
that was, that was pretty I was like, I think, because part of me was thinking it would, I almost need us. I need a fifth category. Is how it felt because, like, the. Quantum leadership kind of was its own phase. So, yeah, so this is perfect, yes.

Speaker 1  1:10:07
So your category is leadership, your domain is quantum leadership. Your specialty is emotional mastery and self mastery for magnetic and empathetic woman leaders. And then the problem that is going to be solved. I would even prompt you to take it even one step further and to ask yourself, what is the core thing? If you had to read the whole description you had under specialty and problem. I mean, you said in the problem, lack of clarity on how to make an impact without burning out, always chasing external validation, thinking they always need to do more to keep up, lack of clarity on what their way is. That's really good. I would argue that those are all symptoms of one core common denominator.

Speaker 5  1:10:47
Those would all be the symptoms of the cultivating the deep sense of self worth. Okay, okay, yes, exactly fifth category

Speaker 1  1:10:56
symptoms, yes, yes. And you're, you're again, one step ahead, because the symptoms is going to come become relevant later on, when we're actually talking about messaging, but from the position of your actual brand, like, what is the core problem that you are solving? It is their inherent lack of self worth. Yeah, it is the lack of feeling solid within that causes them to consistently Chase external validation, money, accolades, whatever they think they need to make themselves feel whole within. So it's like they're consistently trying to fill that void with external things. Yeah, okay, that's why, that's why they're burning out. That's why they feel like they need to keep up. That's why they're probably suffering with comparison, itis all, all of those symptoms are all them not feeling whole, insecure within

Speaker 5  1:11:45
so with that, can I ask about my brand amplifiers? Real quick? Yes, please. So this is some of the things that I have. The first one, and I don't really have these in any order, so the first one I have written down is whole being by focusing on the subatomic level, the cellular space where both the friction and the capacity reside, I sense through my etheric field, naturally able to guide through liminal spaces and see the disresonance within I have a strict no self abandonment or sacrifice to achieve results through approach that is grounded in a safe, rested, deeply sense being can produce in organic and natural ways without force. And the other one that I have written down is I firmly believe that each person is a cosmic thread, and the more each person is grounded in who they are and what they stand for, creates a tapestry of many beautiful colors. This is the future, the individuality that comes together as a unifying point of duality.

Speaker 1  1:12:59
Love it beautiful. I'm gonna, I'm gonna prompt you to go deeper. Ready Okay? For each one of those, I want you to ask yourself, why would they care? Okay? Because you beautifully wrote something that I understand and that you understand, but that the everyday person who is going to read through that? It is going to go over their head, because they don't have the knowledge base that you have on why would they care? And you guys are going to hear me say this. I've said it so many times in your message that we have a like we actually have an acronym for it now. It's, it's, it's with them, it's what's in it for me, so you want to ask yourself if you were an ideal client that did not have the knowledge that you do and the experience that you do, if you read that, can you tie it to a very relevant symptom or situation? Okay? Or you could go, oh, I can understand why I would care about this. And the best way to think about how to answer that question of, why would they care is what pain will be alleviated and what desire would be achieved once they see that, or once they experience what you just said, okay, okay, but very good. This is really good. Now, do you see how this this is part of your message, right? So it's like, what do I do with this now? And for everybody else who was also like, okay, great, now I've landed on my my categories, and I've my domain and all these things and like, I have my brand amplifiers, keep in mind the whole purpose of having clarity on those aspects is so that you feel secure and for you to feel convicted in what it is that you do. This isn't now like your whole content strategy, because content now becomes, what are all the micro messages? What are all the things that people need to see, hear and feel from you to start building the brand associations of ah, that's what Jen does. That's why I would go to the why I would go to Jen over somebody else. Yeah. This is for you as the brand to feel grounded and convicted in your stance and be like, yeah. This is, this is the domain I'm claiming. This is where I'm standing firm on, yeah.

Speaker 5  1:15:11
So that other piece that I shared in the group, I could take that and I mean, like you said, it could just be a simple piece, but I could develop it more into getting deeper into some of the ways that the future of leadership, and then also the gaps between where they are and getting

Speaker 1  1:15:30
there Correct. I will. I'm gonna, I'm gonna assign you extra homework, very similar to what I shared with rose. I want you to think about what is the current paradigm that your ideal clients. So these women leaders, what is the current paradigm that they're ascribed to? Meaning, what do they believe about themselves their situation? What do they think the root of their problem is? What do they think they need to be doing about it? Are they even aware that this is a problem? So what is the current paradigm, and what is the new paradigm that you want them to believe in or subscribe to? What is the new way of doing things? What is your way of doing things?

Speaker 5  1:16:15
Okay, okay. And then one final question in my under my specialty, I have the phrase leadership. Uniqueness is something that I use frequently. It's not fully trademarked, but I use it as like, one of my things is that is that more of a probably doesn't go in the specialty, would it or, I mean, in the in that situation, is that more of a pillar? Is that more of just my own terminology? How can I when would that go? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:16:52
great question. So that would just be a branded concept that you use to demonstrate your expertise. So an example of mine is that I use the word messaging ecosystem, and it's not really part of my pillars. It doesn't really fit into like. It's not like I have a lesson on it in my pro Actually, no, I do. I do have a lesson on it, but it's not something that I like. It's not part of my overarching message. It's just, it's a concept that I want to become known for. And the concept of your messaging ecosystem is that your message is not just a sentence or a single post. Your message is the over arching idea that is being conveyed brick by brick through every single post that you're publishing and every single piece of content that you're putting out there. Okay, so, again, it's just a branded concept, but it's it's good that you've coined something that is unique to you, because that's how you start to position yourself as someone different. I like that.

Speaker 5  1:17:47
No problem. It's first time I've ever been like, give me homework. I was like, you said, y'all gotta give me more homework. I was like, yes,

Speaker 1  1:17:53
yes, please give me more work. That's great. That's great. I love, I love when people actually invite in the work, rather than just want to be given the templates and tools. That's great. Awesome, no problem. Um, okay, moving on. So, Faye, you had a question about not not selling anything and wanting to show up, so I'm curious to know, after everything we talked about at the very beginning of this call, did that prompt any thoughts that did that did that kind of clarify what you should be focusing on right now. Or is there anything else that I can give you a little bit more context on? Hi, I

Speaker 6  1:18:32
like how you connected that for Duma with Faye. A lot of people usually don't, but no, like when you started talking about that, I was like, That's exactly where I am right now. And like, I think it was kind of difficult for me to ground myself in there, like on my own, without that validation from you, because I came from a place where I was like, I'm going to focus on selling this. I'm going to focus on doing that, and then, like, through, through those experiences, I just, I just realized, like, there's so much of what I was doing before that, like, I really didn't want to do, but there's always been certain elements within it, like, within, like, what I was doing that always, like, really spoke to me and connected to me. So yeah, like, I just decided to take a big break from all that and, like, dig into what it what those elements really were. And I'm really like, I'm starting to really find myself again. I kind of started looking at like myself, like myself, as a content pillar, if you could say that, like in that own way, where I'm just kind of like, you know what? Like you. The other four pillars will, like, eventually come right now, I'm just gonna focus on the like, the skills that I know I have, the interests that that I have, and like, just go through with it. And I really, really appreciate that you, like, you did specify like, like, a pre branding space, because I've never heard of it like that before. It's only, it's either, like, you get into personal branding, because, like, you're selling this thing. But I'm like, there's more. There's more to like me when I sell something than just the thing that I'm selling. And I think, like, that's really the space I'm in and I'm just fully immersing myself in it. There's been a lot of, like, not embarrassing moments, I won't say, but like, like, oh, like, this kind of cringey. Like, what am I even like saying? Because, because, in my mind, I'm like, I'm not packaging it yet in something, and I'm like, that must be kind of cringy. But what I'm like, holding on to is, like, those little elements of, I know people are like, like, engaging with my things, whether it's just like skimming through and reading through, or being like, you know, and I'm like, I don't know. I feel like it's, it's like, a really artful, kind of fantastical place where it's just like, I'm kind of like tickling people's minds like a different way which they're not used to. You know what I mean?

Speaker 1  1:21:28
Yep, I love that you're sharing this because I resonate with this so hard, and I know, like not all of you have been connected with me for a long time. There's, there's a number of you that have probably had me on either Facebook or Instagram for maybe six plus years now, but there's there's others that are like are are pretty new in my world. So for a good I want to say four to five years my bio on both Facebook and Instagram. The only thing it said was, I write things that make you think. There was no links to anything. There was no like. I didn't have like an I help statement. I didn't even have a title, because I honestly didn't know what to didn't know what to call myself. I knew by trade I was a copywriter, but I felt like I was so so much more than that, like I'm not just a copywriter. I also very rarely had anything that I was offering, because I was pretty much booked out with either ghost writing or copywriting services, like a year or two out. So with my content, I was not looking to build demand for an offer. I just wanted to build a personal brand, because I felt like I had a mission to share my expertise and to share my knowledge and my insight and my stories and all of that. So I became known for being the person who just shares very long, thought provoking things, and it had nothing to do with what I offered in business. But what it did is that it set me up to then transition into being a more business driven brand, because people had already established that baseline of intimacy with Me, and that is the key thing for each and every one of you in here who's still in that pre branding phase, is that even though you are not building desire towards any particular offer. You are still establishing connections with people in your audience, because it's the connections and the relationships that you build that are the life blood of your business, not just your content, not your message. Those are vehicles that help you get connected to people, but connections and relationships are the life blood of what it is that you do, and so for you, very similar to where I was, there's no end in mind. There's no There's no agenda being pushed with your content. There's no ROI that you need to see. You're not You're not doing this for the likes and engagement and the sales. You're doing it because you want to share a message, and in the process of doing that, you're getting clearer and clearer on your skills, on your aptitudes, on what you stand for. And I would again argue in my case in particular, if it wasn't for me publishing my thoughts and my writings on a regular basis, I would not be as convicted and what it is that I do today, the only reason why I was able to really sharpen the ax and get as strong as a writer as I am now is because I was consistently engaging with it. I was consistently showing up and writing. And so yes, I was building the connections, I was developing my skill set, and I was establishing my brand presence, so that when the the time came for me to actually build a personal brand and launch my own offers, guess what, I already had a an audience of, I don't know, five, 6000 people that were warmed up to who I was, how I thought, You know what, what I stood for, and it was so much easier to then transition into developing offers and selling offers, because people already had that baseline connection with me.

Speaker 6  1:24:46
Oh, I love that so much, especially because, like, right now, my bios everywhere is literally like reflecting and writing, so you're always grounded and connected to your purpose, like that's lit. What it is, because that's exactly what like writing is to me, you know, yeah, and, like, every time I read something and I write something, I'm like, okay, like, there's this element there. And I'm like, like, yeah, like, I'm more than just a writer. I'm I'm not like a coach or a mentor or anything like that. I'm not a brand strategist, but I'm like something within the realm. I don't know what it is, but yeah, like, I'm just like, You know what? I'll just create my own fantasy around it. It'll just come up, you know,

Speaker 1  1:25:32
honestly, and I'm gonna share another quick little, like, side note on this, because again, when we think about branding, sometimes we get so bent on, like needing to categorize ourselves and needing to put some sort of label or box, and yes, at the end of the day, when it comes to selling services, people do need to put you in some type of box, but I'm also going to grant you guys the permission to kind of have the fluidity and the flexibility of letting that box figure itself out, like not needing to have it figured out right now. Over the summer, I took a spontaneous trip to Italy. I went to Italy by myself, and I went to Florence. And I went to Florence because obviously, as you guys know, I'm a philosophy major, whatever I was, it was a huge part of like me growing up. And a lot of the people that I really looked up to were all out of Florence. One of them was Leonardo da Vinci I know almost everybody on this call needs to know Who da Vinci is. And what was fascinating to me is, as I was kind of walking through some of these museums and looking through paintings and looking at some of his art and some of his stuff, Leonardo da Vinci was known for like 15 different categories. He was an engineer, he was an artist, he was a sculptor. He knew stuff about medicine. He was known for his drawings of anatomy he put together like death machines during war. What was so interesting to me is that he was known for so many different domains that almost had nothing to do with one another. Like you would think that someone would be a scientist and then would not be a sculptor, because that's like a very left brain slash right brain type thing. But to this day, we still talk about Da Vinci as one of the greats and one of the big geniuses of our time, because of how he positioned himself as a genius, not particularly pigeon holed himself into mathematics or art or philosophy. He was known for being a great thinker, for someone who propelled society forward. So do you see how he created his own box? His box was not his specialty. His box was, I am going to excel at whatever field, and I'm going to create and innovate inventions and medicine and science and philosophy, I like his domain and his category became moving society forward in all aspects of the Renaissance, right? So again, for those of you who are like, I'm finding it really hard to box myself into something, maybe your box is not meant to be boxed. Yes, maybe your box, or your category, your specialty, it's going to reveal itself to you. Just follow the curiosities. And if you read some of Da Vinci's texts, and if you read some of the people who have interpreted his journals, Da Vinci's main driver was, I'm just going to follow anything that I'm curious about just anything that sparks interest in me. I'm just going to follow it. I'm going to read about it, I'm going to write about it. I'm just going to follow it. And again, he did not feel the pressure to have to be known for being an architect or being known for being an artist. He didn't care. He just he did. He just did. He just did. He just experimented, and he just did. And today, the application of that for brands is, instead of trying to focus on positioning yourself as the authority and being the go to, just do, just share, just create, like whatever evokes curiosity to you, go out and put it out there, because those are the nudges of curiosity that will eventually lead you to who you are and what you stand for. Okay, I'm done riffing on that, but Faye, I feel like you're, you're in a good place with this. I feel like you're,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:08
yeah, thank you so much. Awesome.

Speaker 1  1:29:11
All right, Kelsey, you're up next. So I know we've covered a lot, but is there anything else that's clarified for you since since posting this

Speaker 7  1:29:23
a lot, which I figured would happen, is like, we'll just see how this goes. I'll jot my thoughts down and then sit with them, and then hear conversation. And inevitably, yeah, I mean, it's, I think that the biggest take home for me is, of course, I would love to hear your thoughts, your wisdom, your you know, whatever you've got to say about it. But along the same lines, it's like, just hearing the reminder of, it's an evolution. And, like, a lot of the prompts that you've given other folks in this call, I've written down, and it's like, again, it's just that reminder of, like, sit with this some more. Like, let it percolate and allow it to evolve in time. I also. Feel like just being in this container and actually moving through these writing exercises, you know, to echo what other folks have said, it helps you gain that clarity more naturally in time where I start to feel more and more excited and develop that conviction of what it is I do and how it might be a little different, not to say that there's still not clarification, or just kind of, like some zeroing in that's needed for sure that that's the case. But So ultimately, it's like, I get to be excited about going back to the drawing board and really jotting some things down that have resonate, resonated with me today, yes, but I'll, you know, you know, give the ball back to you in terms of if you have any, like, closing remarks for my remarks.

Speaker 1  1:30:43
Okay, so first of all, like, amazing. I love that you're kind of giving yourself the flexibility to kind of play with this, because truly, a brand of substance needs to have that space to play and to figure itself out. Anytime we try to create a rigid message, we're actually doing the opposite. So it absolutely is going back to the drawing board and just being okay with allowing things to take shape and take form as they go on. Now, with that being said, you've you've done a lot of the groundwork already, and really being able to uncover, like, what your position is, what is it that you help with, who are the people that you best serve? So I had a couple of clarifying questions, and hopefully this will kind of give you a little bit more direction as well. So there's two elements that you outlined that I think are really important. So for the women that you're you're serving, it is, you know, them wanting to feel more grounded, them having a balanced approach to their health, them feeling like they're in more control with their body. They're not like at the whim of, you know, whatever's going on, like they want to feel a lot more confident about how they're taking precautions, or whatever that is. And then there's the nervous system and the stress component of it, that might not be something that they're even fully aware of. So my clarifying question for you was, tell me, or talk to me a little bit about like the the overlap or the conjunction between how the nervous system and the stress stuff plays into how women are viewing their problem as a hormonal thing.

Speaker 7  1:32:12
That's a good question. So to riff on that women are almost it is more stressful for women to try to heal these days, for a lot of reasons, environmentally, jobs, like all of that. But the way, like specifically, zoning into the way that women are being taught to approach their health is stressful for them. And the number one thing I hear because I do see the women who have they've gone to the ends of the earth to try to fix their gut problems, their hormone issues, their thyroid issues, and they've been on the meds, the supplements, trying all the things. And that process, in and of itself, is hard. It doesn't feel sustainable. They're spending their money on things that they're just like, oh my gosh, is this even going to work? And it's just, it's almost like it brings their nervous system into further overdrive, which is what it was to begin with, because they're trying to operate in this kind of frenetic world that isn't exactly conducive to women's hormonal well being. And so they just kind of feel, they feel like at a loss, essentially, but yet they still have that thread of hope, because they want answers, and they know there's an answer there so, and it's almost like knowing that is scary for them as well. So it's like all of their like, underlying emotions, the guilt of not being able to fit in, all the self care that they're supposed to, the fear of, what if this is doesn't go away? The anger of, like, why is this so freaking hard, and then the guilt of being angry, and so a lot, so much of what I have been skilled with and have really resonated with in my own life is that, like, deeper emotional thing where I'm really skilled at walking women through this, Like, intensity, and taking that intensity kind of level down with them, and that is where that, like women's specific nervous system work, starts to come in, where it's not just about going on a walk and taking deep breaths, because they already do that, and it's not working. So it's like, well, what is the missing component? And it's that, like, kind of sitting with themselves, and that kind of being willing to witness these emotional patterns that are coming up over and over again.

Speaker 1  1:34:25
Oh, man. Okay, so first of all, I'm so excited for Dana's session next week, on the 17th. We have a nervous system thing with my with my friend Dana. She she talks a lot about this, and I feel like just maybe even listening to her talk is going to help clarify so many pieces. Here's what's coming to me. For you, which which I actually love. There's a concept I created years ago called The Rise of the counter counter culture. And one of the things that I've noticed in many domains or many realms, is that oftentimes the pendulum swings from one side to the. Stream of the neck of the other side, and that itself causes a lot of problems. So if we were to rewind back to 10 years ago, where women maybe were not as educated on a hormonal health or women did not have as much knowledge at their fingertips about their well being, and were very much operating, you know, like men, let's say nowadays, they actually have an overwhelm of information when it comes to well being, and it has almost become more stressful for them to make sure that they're taking their supplements and going on their walk and doing their grounding and doing like it almost has become more of a stress to maintain their health than it has to their benefit. And the counter, counter culture that I see here is that, essentially, what you are advocating for is a more sustainable, balanced way of addressing health that does not put them on some sort of rigid plan where, if they veer off course, they all of a sudden have all this shame and guilt come up because they're not being wellness enough. You know what I mean? It's almost like the people who have extreme amounts of guilt if they, you know, have food they're not supposed to have, or if they don't keep up with their exercise in the way that they're supposed to. And it's almost like these women have a deep desire to want to heal at that physiological level, but they're putting all of this nervous system pressure on themselves to do it the right way, right they want to do it the right way. Similar to how in marketing, we're like, oh my gosh, I want to stand out, and I want to be different, and then all of a sudden we feel we need to, like, follow the right template and follow the right script and say the right things. So I feel like the counterculture that you are really leading with your psi or with your MPP, is the pressure for these women to get it right instead of knowing what's essential, how to tap into that inner wisdom, how to take this ancestral approach to well being, rather than following what they know in their head, like A very head first approach that women are taking,

Speaker 7  1:37:02
yes, that, I mean that, per the usual parmese nails, it is like, it is like, I do have so much like, and it's been self research, I'll admit, but like, like, the ancestral approach is that really landed, because it's, you know, this, it is really heart led, and we used to head We don't want to completely eradicate that, like we need that on board. But, yeah, you know, and I do see that the heady type too. It's like so many thoughts and worries and fears that their head can barely fit through the door at the end of the day. And so, you know, and that I recently have discovered that I've had the closest, closest to, like, soulmate level clients that I've ever experienced more recently, and so I can tell that there's this, like, progressive alignment. And I think what you just said, just to Yeah, Cap recap, that is like that. Actually, that's exactly what the work is that I do. And it's been hard to put words to it, because it's also like we talk about regular things we do talk about fueling and sustaining our modern day bodies, because we do need something different now than what we did 50 years ago. However, it's, it is has, yeah, swung way too far to the rigid side, and it is. It's stressing women out, and especially women in their 40s, when you know you have that natural hormonal decline, and you know, bodies go into disarray, and they're just like, Oh my God, and now there's this even bigger gap of you know, how do I address this? So,

Speaker 1  1:38:36
yeah, yeah, the core problem I see here is that women have not been given the tools to understand their physiology and their body or millennia now. And the solution here is not to get in their heads about what are the right tactics and tools and what juices they need to drink and what are the foods they need to take at what hour and which supplements. It's it's not about that. It's about actually going deeper into the body and dropping into that primal, ancestral way of being. It's less rigidity about their plan. And I think with so many women and like, I'm thinking about my mom, we were having a conversation about this over the weekend where, you know, she's 60 now, and she's like, I need to lose weight, and I'm on the Super calorie deficit thing, and I need to do this and this and this. And I was just thinking to myself, like, your nervous system is the problem. It's not your food. It's not your it's it was so obvious to me that it has very little to do with caloric deficit. Like, that's not what you're trying to do. But she's working with this male 25 year old Kinesiologist who's, you know, giving her all of the male, 25 year old kinesiology things and again, so many women fall into this pressure of this is the right way I need to do this. And they're dissociating from their own body to a certain point and listening to external advice rather than tuning inwards. That's our power as women. Tuning inwards and to feel what is right for

Speaker 7  1:40:02
us. Yeah, yeah. And, you know, it's interesting. I see that play out where it's you open the space up, and their intuitive wisdom shines like it's never shined shown before. And, you know, I had a client yesterday, and she was like, Kelsey, this time has been such a gift. And it's interesting, my number one take home is, so you're telling me I need to rest more. And like, legitimately, she had never even contemplated this as an option for her so and what she needed, and why it was landing in her pelvic bowl, and, you know, all the things. And so it's just, it has been an interesting journey, but I think everything that we've been just kind of said that lands at this deeper level, where I was thinking yesterday, you know, a lot of practitioners will tend to like practice kind of up here in this zone. And I want to define what that means. I tend to operate down here. It's just been my natural habitat, and it scares a lot of people, rightfully so, because feelings aren't fun to feel but, but that's where, that's where, like, I tend to draw or attract women who like to operate and who know they can do it in that, like, deeper depth,

Speaker 1  1:41:13
yeah, yeah. And I feel like if in your content, you can simply speak to the symptoms of what these women feel when they're operating from the head and not from their intuition, and show them how that's the thing that they need. Because, again, arguably, you're in a field where they might not even know that that's the problem. They might think that their approach is the right way. And so it almost becomes your job, in your content to again, I hate this word, but you want to indoctrinate them into why your way of thinking, your method of getting them connected to that ancestral approach, is actually what they need. It is not to do more juice cleanses, and it's not to do more intermittent fasting, right? It that's, that's not the way to wellness, like the way that they've been taught. It's, it's actually to rest, to honor their own natural cycles. That's what they need.

Speaker 7  1:42:03
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, this gets the juices flowing, for sure. Is this? This is going to be loaded up into the pool, right? Okay.

Speaker 1  1:42:17
Transcript, yep, don't you worry, it'll be there. Awesome, great work. Really good, really, really good, amazing. All right, we can go for another maybe seven minutes or so, and then I gotta hop off for a call. So, Anna, I think you are next with your to do psi and MPP again. So okay, okay, let's do this. Any any reflections come to you as we go through all of what we just went through,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:44
my brain feels like it's exploding.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:48
That's good. I hope, I hope that's good.

Speaker 8  1:42:52
It's a lot there. There's we're teetering on the edge of overwhelm, but there's a lot to sit with.

Speaker 1  1:42:59
Okay, based on everything that you brain dumped with, all the problems that people come to you with when it comes to helping them clear energetic blocks, I can see where it can become overwhelming when we're trying to put everything that you just brain dumped into one single category. The way that I see it is that, at the end of the day, you're essentially saying that when you have energetic blocks, which we will want to define even more in your content. But I'll come back to that these are all the potential spin offs, or the potential problems that will arise for them, right? The pregnancy, infertility, childhood, sexual trauma, relationships, like health challenges like these, are all things that have caused energetic blocks and that manifest in these people's lives in in different ways, like things that they they they want to overcome, they don't want to experience anymore. So when you are talking about the most pressing problem, to me, it was actually simple to be able to see what the actual problem is here is that when people are unaware of how their past experiences have created energetic blocks, they will consistently repeat the same patterns in their life, not knowing why they can't get out of those, you know, dysfunctional patterns, and it isn't until they heal, or it isn't until they address the blocks at their root cause that they could finally start seeing improvements in the way they speak to themselves, in the way they show up, in their relationships, in the way they carry themselves, in the way they go after their goals and success and whatnot, I felt like that was really the main idea that you were encapsulating in everything that you wrote. Would you agree or is there more to it?

Speaker 8  1:44:57
It feels like I have. This, like, split thing going on, because when I work one on one with clients, it's anything and everything they come to me for. And that part you absolutely nailed. It's like how, how these energetic blocks are creating an invisible rubber band around them, preventing them from fully like, making progress. But then there's also the teaching that I do, like educating space holders service providers how to hold a clear space, how their own energetic hygiene plays a role in their space holding. And then there's the like bringing style. There's the like, sovereign expression piece of it, where it's like, Who are you underneath all those blocks and all those layers of conditioning, and then how does that want to show up in the world? So I'm just having a hard time, like, kind of putting it all under this, under one umbrella, when there's these very specific things before that feel separate. Okay?

Speaker 1  1:46:03
So they all fall under the same umbrella, but the way that they show up for different archetypes are different. So here's what I mean by that. This, this might apply to some people. Might not apply to everybody, but I think in your case, this is where the confusion is coming from. You're trying to fit them all into one single archetype when you're actually helping three different archetypes in your business. So have the individual who has energetic blocks that need to be cleared. You have the facilitators that they themselves have energetic blocks that need to be cleared so that they can have they can hold space in a better way, right or more effective way. And then you have the people who want to, let's say, self express themselves better through style. But there's, there's also overlay there with their with their energy, right? It's not just about how you dress up on the outside. It's also about how you are presenting yourself and how you're expressing yourself from the inside out, right? That to me, like those are the three categories. Now, when it comes to what is the overarching umbrella, every single one of these people still have to unclog their energetic blocks in order to be able to thrive in whatever their individual goals are. So it is not your job to communicate to every single potential outcome that they could face, because that's that could be so many things, right, depending on the individual. And I think the hold up maybe for you is, well, I feel like I'm, you know, I'm, it's overwhelming to speak to all of the potential outcomes, because it could be so many different things. So your work, especially when it comes to your content, is not in educating them on all the specific symptoms of what could be cleared up, but is helping them recognize and to build the case for why, if they are an individual, a you know, a space holder, why is it that their energetic hygiene is critical to their success in whatever It is that they're trying to accomplish and

Speaker 8  1:48:05
do. Ah, that makes it so much easier. Because I, I've been in my content, I've been like, pinpointing, like, these are the results, and these are the individual things, and these are the problems that people have. And it is, like, it's kind of mind numbing. How many there are, because it is so individual to each individual person, and there are like groups and categories that I can place it in, but yeah,

Speaker 1  1:48:33
I want you to think about your work as less of trying to portray all of the outcomes and more on focusing on what is the key skill set, or what is the key takeaway they will get while working with you. So if they were to get to the root of their energetic blocks, and if they were to clean their energetic hygiene, why is that relevant to them? Why is that important? And again, when we think about that, we might be going into, well, it's important because they might be experiencing infertility, or they may be experiencing, you know, toxic relationships, or they may be experiencing so again, it becomes overwhelming. I want you to almost categorize your people into no more than three to four categories of what are their ideal situations, and focus on who is the person they are trying to become, not on all the spin off outcomes that they're going to achieve. Because if I were to also think about my work, I can make a million promises to people. Like, once you have a solid brand, like, the world's your oyster. There's so many things you can do when it comes to money, when it comes to recognition, when it comes to brand, develop like, there's so much that you can do, but I don't focus on the overarching outcomes. I focus on who you will become. What is it that they want to say about themselves? How do they want to feel about themselves? What are some of the day to day improvements they want to see in their life? Focus your messaging on that because. Job now becomes to build the case for why someone would want to get clean on their energetic hygiene, even with the facilitators, what is it about their current situation that is making them feel like, Hmm, maybe they're feeling a little insecure about how they're holding space. Maybe they're feeling triggered when they're holding space. Maybe they're feeling like, you really want to get deep into the psychology of, what are they fearing, what are their anxieties, what are their desires, and what are the known gaps that they're trying to solve? And you want to show them how working with you and in getting to the root of these energetic blockages is the key. It's the thing that's going to help them reach that level, it's going to help them become that identity that they've been trying to get through on their own.

Speaker 8  1:50:47
And the word I've been using is unfuck withable. Yeah, yeah. Like, energetically, unfuck withable.

Speaker 1  1:50:54
I love that. I literally wrote something down today where I was like, I feel like I'm entering my unfuck withable era. I feel like I'm on the cusp of that, and that is exactly like that is the feeling that they want to have. And

Speaker 8  1:51:07
I think where there's a disconnect in conviction for me is that I'm like, Well shit, I'm not fully unfuck withable in all areas of my life.

Speaker 1  1:51:19
Well, here's the invitation for you is before we go out and educate on our audience, on what those energetic blockages are, ask yourself, Who do you have to become to lead by example? What are the wobbles that you have currently in your life? And can you pinpoint what those energetic blockages in yourself might be, and what would you do to get to the root of them on your own? Because chances are, your audience is only going to reflect that. Our audience is like a relationship, partner, person with us. Whatever we are facing within, they're going to mirror back to us. If we have wobbles, they're going to have wobbles. If we feel secure within, they're going to feel secure within. So the work always becomes with us, and this is why I'm going to be super harsh on you guys when it comes to actually living the thing that you are teaching, because if you are not walking the talk yourself, you're not going to be attracting those ideal clients that are ready to experience the depth of your work.

Speaker 8  1:52:12
Yeah, and I think, I think I mentioned this somewhere in one of the posts that, like, I know the value and the power of my work in my clients lives, and I don't fully feel it in my own even though I clear like I have cleared myself for hours a day for years, right? So I'm like, shit. What am I missing? Or is it not the energy work that's missing? Is it really just the mindset and the like belief in myself? Yeah, it's a good question.

Speaker 1  1:52:45
Yeah. I'll invite you into also thinking about, yeah, what if? What if it wasn't the energy work? What if it was the thoughts around the energy work? It's almost like the the paradox of doing too much of it on ourselves and feeling like we should be at a certain place. Neither of you, myself included, we're never going to be, you know, fully healed human beings that have no issues, that have no insecurities, that have no shadow parts of us that come up, and we're not trying to expect perfection from ourselves. But maybe sometimes are we doing too much of that self work? And if the is that being used to mask something deeper.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:22
I think that might be it

Speaker 1  1:53:26
deeper, philosophical pondering that can happen here. Good stuff, right? Yeah, but you're on the right you're on the right track because you're questioning yourself. And I think just having the awareness around that is a very important piece of this. Rather than being like, well, I've got no issues whatsoever. I don't know why clients are not coming to me. It's probably just my content, right? So you're having that inner dialog within yourself, and I think that's that's a really important piece here. You're on the right track. No problem. Alright, guys, I know there were still a number of questions. I think there was maybe 343, or four left. I'm going to go ahead and answer them in the group. The last kind of thing I want to leave you guys with here is just to kind of recap some of the things that we covered. Is when you're thinking about the problem that you solve, think about it from the lens of what is the gap that you are fulfilling. And if answering that question becomes hard, remember to ask yourself, what was the mess you overcame, what was the mission you wanted to lead forward, and what were the observations that you made in your field that got you into what it is that you're doing so instead of thinking too hard about what's the problem, what's the problem? Because there could be a million problems, just ask yourself, what's the gap like? What? Why did I get into this in the first place? Why did I even think it would be a good idea to start a business around this? Because that is going to help you ground you in. To what the problem is and even if the problem might clarify itself later on. Okay. The second thing I wanted you guys to take away from this is clarity precedes action. You do not wait to be clear before you take action. You take action to be clear instead of thinking about what's the best way to say this, what's the best way to say that, or how do I say this thing, just go say the thing. And pardon my French here, this is something I told my other group, is the best strategy to clarify your brand is to fuck around and find out that is the best strategy, just go out and try things. Go out and try things. Do you guys know how many brands I've started for myself? For those of you who've known me for a long time, I used to have a fitness brand. I went into high performance coaching. I went into copyright it. Like, do you know how many brands I've started until I found what the thing is, that's mine. So just go out and try, just go put messages out there, not like a single piece of content or a single piece of copy is not going to define your entire brand. People are not going to remember it. Go put stuff out there and see how people respond. The more you write, the more you communicate and articulate your abstract thoughts in structured formats, the clearer you will get, and the deeper your conviction will become.

Speaker 1  1:56:29
All right? Well, I know this was a lot, and I know you guys, I'm sure you have quite a bit to to chew on. We will reconvene, rather said the fuck around and find out is also a big theme of mine. Yeah, exactly, exactly. Just fuck around and find out. We'll reconvene on Tuesday, where we're going to be going deep into customer psychographics, demand market research, and really understanding how to blend your expertise along with what it is that people are willing to pay for. So it'll be another brain heavy session, but I hope this kind of buffer in between helps you guys implement some of the things that we're talking about. And of course, as usual, if you have questions that you want my immediate feedback on, drop them in the group, and I will make sure to kind of circle by by the end of this evening and give you guys my responses. Okay, of course, no problem at all. This was wonderful. Gotta hop on to my next client call, but hope you guys have a great weekend for you Canadians. Have a great Thanksgiving weekend. We celebrated a little bit earlier, but awesome guys, take care. Bye, thank you. No problem. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai