Speaker 1  00:02
That was good. Oops. See my volumes all the way up. Hello, hello. Good evening. I'm assuming you guys are all close to the time zone I'm in. So it's a Monday night for us. It's a Tuesday morning for Haley. Um, thank you for you guys who are joining live. This is obviously going to be a recorded session for those who are going to be watching the recording. I am so dang excited for this session. This has probably been the one call or the one guest expert session that I personally have been looking forward to the most selfishly, because everything that you guys have been learning in this program up until now has been so focused on all of the external ways that you want to build brand conviction and really be able to establish yourself as an authority, not from just what you say, how you show up, how you present yourself, but really ingraining it in your being. And half of this course has been focused on the external elements of how to establish authority, how to get really clear on what's your thing. Get clear on the frameworks, get clear on the brand concepts. But now we're taking it to a completely different angle, which arguably, I would say, is probably the more important angle, and that is really grounding all of that in yourself. There's a concept that Haley talks about that her and I can probably riff on for hours about inner authority and building really that deep inner sense of solidity within yourself where it's no longer about your words, your content, your accomplishments, and leading with some of the external factors of how you're being seen, and it has so much more to do with how you think, feel and believe about yourself. So Haley, I can go on about this, but thank you so much for being here. I, like I said, selfishly, I'm so excited for for this session. I know it's going to be deep, and I know it's going to be exactly what these guys need. So

Speaker 2  01:54
welcome. Thank you so much. Yeah, this is definitely my area of expertise. It's something that me and palmies have discussed on so many occasions, and it really is the underbelly of everything that you do in your business. So I'm really glad that you guys are doing this now, because you'll realize that your successes and even your failures and everything in between will come down to your inner authority, and we'll explore that in this session. So I'm excited absolutely so I have a little bit of a presentation to go through. You know, me and palmies, we both love our diagrams, and I have a couple of diagrams just to kind of really conceptualize what inner authority is, so you guys can really understand it. But I'd love for you guys. You know, if you are here live, please feel free to use the chat, but also parmese, maybe you can give me some indication of what some of the biggest things that people have been struggling with are because inner authority, unfortunately, really does kind of start with our struggles because, and it's, you know, this journey of really starting to understand, like, how it's a becoming journey, really. So have you ever experienced any of these things? And please feel free to, sort of like, add on and pummies. Maybe you can, sort of, you know, add on to this list, but unable to post something on socials, like complete paralysis because you're not able to post it. Or you've started a launch, and you find yourself even one day into the launch, you wanting to ghost, you wanting to tap out. You're wanting to hide. You don't end up create, or you don't create or post the content you really want. So you instead, you vanilla or fire. You aren't using your opinions because you're worried there's like a you don't even know why. You just know there's a discomfort, and so you're hiding a lot of your content, yet caught. In comparison with other people in the same industry, you feel like you aren't good enough compared to other people. If your posts don't get any traction, you start to feel deflated, and sometimes that can even lead to exhaustion and burnout. You feel you find the process of selling to be filled with discomfort, or you're worried you'll annoy your audience, or you'll lose followers. You struggle to be consistent with showing up in your business. You want to hold groups of bigger people, but the idea of being and holding a big group feels really scary. If someone messages you, you find yourself wanting to ghost or not knowing what to say. You keep pushing launches back of programs because they aren't quite ready yet. Despite working hard, you feel like you aren't making any progress, despite making progress and other things that you avoid looking in your bank account and have no idea what's going on with money. I could also add in here, like, if something goes on in your personal life, you suddenly feel like everything you can't show up in your business. There's so many things, but question How many of you guys, like resonate with any of these and parmese, is there any of the other ones that have, like been coming up that that we should know about?

Speaker 1  04:48
Yeah, okay, so I feel like your entire list, you basically just went into my DMs and you just took screenshots. I think everyone in this group at some point has probably. One of all of it. Yeah, Mahmood says you summarized a lot. We've had a lot of these discussions, especially around the paralysis and even so about like, being polarizing. That's something that I really push my clients to do, just to be a lot more firm with their actual opinions, and not, as you said, vanilla PHY their their perspectives. That's another one here. So yeah, all of them, all of the above, check, check, check,

Speaker 2  05:21
okay, beautiful. So we're actually in the right place today, because all of these are basically linked to your inner authority. So your inner authority is basically responsible for these four areas. It's responsible for your authenticity. It's responsible for your capacity. So you know, the amount of money you can hold, the amount that amount of people that you can hold, the amount of space that you have in your nervous system, it also has a lot to do with your conviction. So I know parmese talks a lot about conviction, but that ability to be able to talk about your topic with like certainty is a really big part of your inner authority, and it's also a big part is your resilience. So your resilience is kind of it comes on top of all of this, but it's an ability to experience pain and still move forward. And all of these basically dictate, then your results and your success every single one. And so this is the reason that we could give two people the same piece of content, the same strategy, and two people would come out with different things, because they'd have varying different levels of these four things. Someone maybe, if they're in borrowed authority, wouldn't have enough authenticity, someone that maybe doesn't have a very big capacity, they're doing a launch, and then they ghost to launch because they're scared of coaching a group of people. They don't have the capacity for it, or they don't have the capacity for the money. If they don't have conviction, they're doing the launch, but they don't believe it. They either don't believe in themselves, their audience, or in in the program itself, or they don't have the resilience. It starts to get uncomfortable, and then they start to go away. And all of these things are not something that we're taught to do in school. You know? They're not something that like, if you've been in a corporate career, you've been exposed to a lot, because we are essentially society set up to keep us safe and to keep our nervous system safe and reliable. And when you're in business, we're exposed to all of these new things, which are, by nature, very uncomfortable. So this is essentially what your inner authority is. And I talk about building integrated authority, and inner authority is a part of this. And so I've, I've blurred this part out, but outer authority is essentially everything that you are creating with palmies. You know it's everything. It's your clarity. You need your clarity. You need your communication, and you need to be able to put that communication into collateral. But what really underpins all of that as well, which I think you've been doing a little bit with palmies too, is really figuring out what's honest to you. This is this authenticity piece, right? So that you can basically build this inner authority, consistently funnel it into your outer authority, to make authentic outer authority, to make a convicted outer authority. If you don't have this inner authority, your outer authority is going to not be honest. It's it's not going to feel as convicted, it's not going to feel as weighty. And so, you know, another way that we can show this is like the iceberg. You know, you've got your outer authority, which is on the top, that's your clarity, your communication, your conviction, but then all of your inner authority is down here. And there are really four aspects of this, and this is actually a cycle, so it's a cycle. So I'm going to go over here and sort of show this as a cycle, because it will link into other things. But there are typically four phases of building inner authority, and this settle in for this, because we're going to this is all going to come together eventually, but there are four phases of building inner authority, and we will have inner authority for pretty much every single aspect of our lives in different dynamics in different areas, and I'll show you what that looks like in a second. But typically the four phases of building, and this is the cycle that we go through for building, inner authority. First of all, people, typically, they're reactive, and so this typically happens because you've been born. You then get all the programming from your parents. You become a teenager, you then leave the parents nest, and you have just been basically infiltrated with all of their beliefs over and over and over again, and you've just been programmed consistently. And so that means that you're actually in quite a reactive state, because you're unconscious around what has been actually programming you. And so when you're, you know, reactive, it means that the fight, flight or freeze response is very active, and so it creates a lot of these sabotaging behaviors that we talk about. And so when things are left unconscious, all of those things that we just spoke about before, the things that you're experiencing, that's because if you're experiencing anything, you're actually in a reactive state. So this is where you would just say, you know, in my inner authority level, I'm a one in this area. You know, when it comes to selling on stories, I'm a one and, and so that just means it's just an awareness piece. Oh, okay, that's something that I need to sort of go through. When you go through building your inner authority, you then actually start to take back the power. So the next phase that you need to go into is you actually start to build awareness of it. Of like, Okay, I understand why this is here. So you start to bring. Back the power of like, I take responsibility for this. So it could also be responsibility, but I know is a way that you could think about, you know, when you know someone says, Oh, you're doing this thing, you go, Oh, I know, I know, I know. You know that's like your self awareness, but there's often this like undercurrent of like defensiveness, of like, Yeah, I know, I know, I know. You know it's like that feeling, but you've got to go through that feeling of like, I know, to then be able to embody it. And so here it's really good. This is where often we'll establish boundaries. Will, you know, take scared action, will be courageous. A lot of bold power goes into this phase, but we can't. And a lot of people stay here, by the way, a lot of people stay here. And this is where you'll often see people creating content to prove something, and so it's not integrated, you know. So they'll be, I want to prove that I'm this and I'm that, so all of you guys are wrong because you don't agree with me, you know, again, is an inner authority thing. So either people are reactive, unconscious, you know, just creating content, don't really know how it's affecting stuff, or empowered, I know I'm right, you're wrong, you know. And it's that it's much more of that kind of energy of like, I want to prove something. So what we actually then want to do with here is we actually want to then bring this over to phase three, which is to neutralize something. And to neutralize is where we actually it's then starting to integrate in our nervous system, and it becomes an I Am. So this is where actually, you know, if you have a trigger, it no longer bothers you anymore. So it's something that, like, you know, if you go onto your stories, and something around your stories was triggering you, you could now go on to your story. It doesn't trigger you, you know, it's like, I am like, it's just integrated. It's fine. And your aligned action is essentially, this is like a manifestation term, but this is where you could just basically take consistent action without having to even think about what it is that you're doing. It is just a part of your nervous system now. So this is actually where, essentially, your vibration has been raised. So when people in manifestation talk about raising your vibration, what really it's not about repeating, I'm a money magnet. I'm a money magnet, which is, you know, mind related. It's about expanding your capacity, your window of tolerance in your nervous system to so that your overall vibration of belief changes, and so then every single action that you take, it's just an it's an embodiment, right? So this is kind of the process that we go through when we are building inner authority. But what's interesting is we don't just have one inner authority rating. We have them everywhere. So in every single situation or relationship, you will have an inner authority rating. And this is mainly just for awareness that you guys can understand what's happening, right? So you will have an inner authority rating when it comes to all of the different roles that you have in life. So you'll have an inner authority rating as a CEO. So as a CEO, maybe you have been doing it for a while, and you actually feel really good with running a company. So maybe you're like, I'm actually feeling pretty neutral here. I wouldn't say I'm taking aligned action yet, but I'm feeling pretty neutral. It's not a triggering experience for me yet when it comes to actually being a leader and leading a team, however, maybe that's not something that you're as versed with yet. So it could be that you know when it comes to delegating, when it comes to leading your team members, actually, maybe you're more like a one, you know, so you're like, actually, that's very reactive. I would prefer to avoid that situation. So that's usually when the reaction is taking place. You also have it as a teammate. So this is, again, a different dynamic, right? So it's you're not the leader, but you're a teammate of someone. So how do you actually respond in groups? And you also have one as a client. So like, you know, with some people, they'll have an inner authority rating. Some people go into a foreign response when they're in a client relationship. Some people try to dominate. Some people won't listen. All of those are signs that someone's in a one when it comes to the role of a client, whereas some people, you know, and this is, by the way, something that I had to really go through. I was a terrible client to start with, I was very reactive. Really, really wanted to, like, defend myself. Could never be wrong. And so now I would say I'm like a four, you know, I really know how to engage and receive coaching. But again, it's a journey that you go through. You also have this with money and everything that money brings. So I've just put in like, the very basics of like, money, attracting, receiving, holding, managing, releasing, but you'll have an inner authority rating there. But you'll also have an inner authority rating for everything within here. Attracting money is typically nothing to do with money, and it's everything to do with like how you feel in the world. Receiving is obviously more about receivership. This is more about capacity, and releasing is more about like, circulating. You know, if you're a splurger, you're probably a one, if you if you can't look in your bank account you're holding or managing money, is probably a one, you know? So we have it there. We also have it with relationships. So you'll have an inner authority relationship with your parents, each of the individual parents, with each of your clients, with each of your mentors, with each of your friends. So you're kind of getting the point right now that, like inner authority affects everywhere. It's not like a blanket statement. It's like we have inner authority in every single area. And so we could be have an inner authority rating as a four somewhere, and then somewhere else we could be a one. And that doesn't mean that anything's wrong. And I hear a lot of people that are just like you. I'm so confident over here, I don't get why over here. I can't it's because they're different dynamics. You know, they're completely different things. So like in the dynamic of being in corporate and public speaking, you could be very confident in the dynamic of speaking on stories, you could be a one, because it's a different dynamic, different inner authority rating. So why is this, then, a consistent journey? So this is where I want to introduce you to the topic of energetic ceilings. And this is the thing that I really want you guys to, like, take away from this is like inner authority is something that is like a devotion. You kind of need to if you want your business to be really successful, you are going to need to be devoted to this journey, because you're constantly going to be growing your business. Therefore the challenges are going to be changing. And so I always say to my clients, you know, new level, new devil. And so that basically means, when you access a new level, there is a new challenge that you're going to experience. That doesn't mean it's bad or wrong, it just is right. So just to demonstrate what that looks like, let's say that you've been circulating 10k months for a period of time. So you're four here. You know, nothing really bothers you. It's very comfortable. You know, it is a something that you just, you know all the aspects of it's not, it's not an issue. So then you raise the bar, you start aiming for 30k months. And so when you start aiming for 30k months, the ball game changes. And when everything changes, that means that suddenly things don't feel as easy anymore. And so when they don't feel as easy, it could be that actually you're rating for inner authority, for aiming for 30k months, changes, right? Because what gets you to 10k months won't get you to 30k months. That's strategic, but it's also from a capacity level. You know, you're going to have to have manage more money. You're going to have to manage more clients, you're going to have to manage a team. Potentially, there's lots of different dynamics. So energetically, people like energetic ceiling, you want to think it's different to a normal ceiling that you have, right? Because a normal ceiling is like, you can see it, okay, I can break through that by that hammering it through energetic ceilings is like a glass ceiling. You can't see it, you know, unless you look for it. So a lot of people are like, I've been circling the same income for so long, like, I just can't seem to break through. This is why. This is why. And I'm going to show you exactly how you can analyze what your energetic ceiling is in a moment. But this is all energetic inner authority, right? Same thing for two bed if you know, if you're moving into a different house, for example, maybe you are a four inner authority of like, I feel like I belong in a two bedroom apartment. You feel very comfortable there. So you put on your vision board a four bedroom house, and then suddenly you start sabotaging. Things start coming up, like, you start getting triggered. This is literally something that happened to me, by the way, I had about a year of being one and having this energetic ceiling when I was trying to manifest, like, why is nothing working? Like I'm so frustrated and and I had a load of beliefs around what it meant to have a mortgage and what it meant to live in a house versus what it meant to live in an apartment. Again, my inner authority. So there I was a one,

Speaker 2  17:48
and you know, something slightly more practical. It could be that, you know, in speaking on stories, you're a two, you know you're you're in this empowered state, you're taking action, even though it feels uncomfortable, but that's okay. But then someone says, Hey, do you want to come and speak on stage, and suddenly it's like, full fight or flight response. You know, actually, no, I'm like, I'm dying inside. And that's because, again, different situations. So again, it's an energetic ceiling. So to put this into practice, the in order to, for example, expand to 50k months and break through these energetic ceilings, typically, there's three things that are going on. There is a fear of responsibility, of pressure or of change, and those are typically the three things over and over and over again that stop us from achieving more in our business. And so responsibility, you know, if you're scaling to 50k months, it could be, you know, the responsibility of leading a team. What's your inner authority rating there the responsibility of holding that many clients. What's your inner authority rating there, the responsibility of managing that money and knowing what to do with it. What's your inner authority rating there? And anything that's a one or a two is going to be the reason that you are struggling to move through to that. So what you need to do then is take that information and you want to shift it from a nervous system, so change responsibility pressure, that that's basically what it's it's all about. But let me see what do I have next. So how do we shift your inner authority fast? These are the, really, the four aspects that we need, and this is a lot of the stuff that I do in my own containers to build inner authority. The only way that you can expand your inner authority. Take something from a one to a four, isn't through mindset work. And I know that this is really actually hard to understand, because a lot of the personal development space is built around mindset work, right? But what we're really talking about with inner authority is your window of tolerance. And so this is, you know, a term that basically talks about your nervous system's capacity to hold discomfort, that's really what we're talking about. And so all of your beliefs and your fears, they live in your nervous system, they don't live in your mind. So what we need to do is we need to create awareness. We then need to bring in the breath, because the breath basically takes the thinking brain offline. And then allows us to basically do surgery within our own, you know, mind and our body, without the thinking mind getting in the way. And then somatics is movements and expansion is basically getting into groups of people to basically expand your capacity. So these are the aspects that you need to go into. And I have, you know, a program called the inner authority manifestation school. Because essentially this is a big journey of manifestation. But essentially what we are doing is building your window of tolerance. You're building your authority. You are building your resilience. And all of those things that I mentioned right at the beginning, where we went into let's go all the way back here. These are the things that you're building. So the more that you do this work, and you increase your window of tolerance, you're going to increase your level of ability to be authentic in your content, because you're not going to care or fear what people think of you anymore. You're just going to start honoring yourself. You're going to increase your conviction in yourself, in your audience, and in everything you do. It's just going to expand. You're going to increase your capacity to hold money, to hold change, like all of those things that we just picked out, pressure, responsibility, change, it's all a capacity thing. All a capacity thing. And you're also going to increase your ability to be resilient. And resilience is like a huge one, because we're human beings, we're going to experience a lot of polarity in this life. And so your window of tolerance when it comes to your nervous system, is essentially all about being able to show up and get up even when you're experiencing pain and discomfort. And that's that's all inner authority. And a lot of people will crumble under that. And I know, for me personally, I did a long time ago. I I'm a recovering alcoholic. I've been sober now for five years, and I completely crumbled under all of the pressure, all of the trauma that I'd experienced. And working on my inner authority like this was the only thing that has allowed me to grow my business. I now have a seven figure a year business purely because I've worked on this stuff. It's not just been the marketing. The marketing has been a huge part. And often, if you're not making sales, it's marketing issue. You know that working with parmese, but if your marketing is good and you just find yourself sabotaging that's an inner authority issue, and no amount of content work will be able to help that at all. So I'm going to stop sharing now, and parmese, maybe I'll come back over to you.

Speaker 1  22:16
Oh, my goodness. Okay. First of all, this is brilliant, brilliant. Do you guys see why I'm obsessed with diagrams? Do you see how our brains work the same way, like just the way that you can digest all of it? And I just want to say that I think the distinction between having inner authority or conviction in one area and not having it in the other is such an important distinction to make, because I cannot name how many times have a client say but I don't get it. Why is it that when I was in the boardroom, why is it that when I was with one on one clients, I was so good, and then now, all of a sudden, I'm in a group, or I'm self employed, and that same level of confidence hasn't been able to spill over? What's wrong with me? So I think just this distinction was so important for people to like visually see that just because you have confidence in one area, it doesn't necessarily mean that it's going to translate automatically to this next area, if it's been upgraded, or even if it's a lateral shift into something else. So Exactly, yeah, was really important.

Speaker 2  23:10
And I think the really important part about all of this work is that we do this work with the absence of shame. And this is interesting, because a lot of personal development work, actually, sometimes, whether it's toxic positivity, which, you know, says, you know, we've just got to be positive all the time, you just got to, whenever you feel something, pretend that you aren't. It creates this feeling of like, I'm frustrated that I'm still experiencing the same problem. And when you're frustrated at yourself for experiencing something, it's going to create a cycle of shame and self development work, or shadow work, which is essentially what this is in our authority work with shame just leads to cycles of, like, poor mental health, and it doesn't actually allow you to grow. It doesn't actually allow you to evolve. So, like, this idea of like, self compassion is so important. So like, if you're experiencing, you know, I'm so frustrated that I'm experiencing it here, but I'm not experiencing over there. So annoying. Replacing annoyance with curiosity, you know, of like, I'm so curious. Why is that happening? And exploring, like, with self compassion as opposed to with frustration, because when we explore with compassion. It opens us up to be able to actually release things so much faster, because otherwise you're just shaming your inner child. And a lot of this comes back to the inner child. But the great thing about, you know, somatics work is you actually sometimes don't even need to include the inner child in a lot of this stuff. You don't need to know, because your body does the work for you. And that's, that's the power of the breath with all of this,

Speaker 1  24:41
yeah, and I think the the really important piece here is, is the shaming component that we do to ourselves. We've talked about shame. We've talked a little bit about, you know, outsourcing our power to looking to other authorities to tell us how we should show up and what we need to do, and trying to, like, fit ourselves in a box that is deemed appropriate, or that is deemed like, I'm. Checking off all the boxes I'm doing, all the right marketing things, I'm saying, all the right stuff. Why is why are things not working and having a little bit of shame around what's wrong with me for following through with everything I've been taught? But nothing is working my way, as opposed to able to be curious and to look inwards, rather than outsourcing that to an external figure, to be giving you, you know, giving you the blueprint, giving you the formula, and saying, just follow this and it's going to work. And if it doesn't work, by the way, something's wrong with you. I think, just breaking out of that cycle, which I feel like has been so ingrained and conditioned, especially in the field, that we're in that itself, I think, is a really, really important distinction to make, too.

Speaker 2  25:38
Yeah, I I'm going to go down a slightly spiritual direction. So I don't know how spiritual, or, you know what, what, everyone's we love the Woo. Okay, great. So I'm very Woo. Woo, let's say I don't, I don't like using that term that much anymore. I'm deeply spiritual, connected to God, connected to spirit, and I have definitely found that the more I have kind of anchored into, you know, the reasons that the deep Dharma reasons and God given missions that I'm doing something, allows you to kind of surrender to the timeline a little bit more. And this is where the ego kind of comes in a little bit. Because what we see in a lot of the online space, there's so much content right around, like, you should be able to hit $50,000 months in like, three months, and if you can't do it, then, like, there's something wrong with you. Come on, it's so easy, and that doesn't bring into the conversation each of our timelines. It doesn't bring into the conversation what actually happens to your nervous system, your inner authority when you have fast success. Fast success isn't often good, like, fast success is actually really not. I've seen so many people tank their entire businesses because it was just too taxing for their nervous system, whereas, like, when you actually grow slower and in your own timeline, it allows you to have this patience of, like, it doesn't need to happen now. And so when you see these kind of posts that are like, I built a million dollar business in three months. I questioned that because, like, that's actually not a healthy growth that you want to have for your nervous system. It's much better to have slow, consistent and persistent growth than it is to have really fast growth. But kind of bring coming back to that, like, spiritual element when you have that spiritual like, I'm doing this because it's a sole mission. Not I'm doing this to get something. And this is a really big like, again, it's an inner authority thing. When you have unconscious authority, you're typically doing something to get something. I'm starting this business because I want to get money. I want to get this. I want to get a house. I want to be, you know, living on a beach. I want to get this. I want to get that. And like, these are obviously all desires that we can have but if they are the primary desire, then it's not going to allow you to scale where you want to go, because it's going to be coming from an unconscious pace. It's going to lack conviction and authenticity, because you're not coming from a service perspective. And so this is where, like, bringing in that soul mission of like, what is the work that God has put me here to do? What's what the spirits put me here to do? What's the universe that what's the universe asking me to do? How am I going to be in service to create this money? If you start from that place, and then you surrender up to the timeline, and you're like, you know, if this actually wasn't about me rushing to create, you know, 100k months, but was actually about me being of service and sharing a message, it allows you to come into that place of of I surrender to the timeline. It doesn't matter when it's happened, because I'm doing this for impact and as a byproduct, ironically, you typically end up scaling faster because it's it's again, it's a God given mission. You aren't doing it when people are trying to manifest from ego I want to get usually, there's a lot more roadblocks. There's a lot more like shit you got to go through when it's Dharma, you know, I'm here of service, you will literally just go through so fast because you aren't, you know, I actually have another diagram, if you don't mind waiting while I get it up.

Unknown Speaker  28:54
Please, please, all the diagrams.

Speaker 2  28:57
But you know it when you are coming from this place of, like, ego. It's you are just going to have so much more. You know, I describe it kind of like a river. Okay, let's get this up. So, present, present, full screen. Okay, so this, this is not as pretty of a diagram, but it's okay. We'll get through it. So let's say that you're coming through like an ego place, right? So if you have authenticity that's trying to come down like, this is your authentic, channeled speech, your ego is then going to be in here. This is all of these little black things. Are your ego? What are they going to think of me? What if they don't like me? I need to make sure that I'm making enough money as I possibly can, you've got to go through all of that stuff. And so your authentic channel to get to your throat chakra is going to be blocked. You know, there's no way that it can be actually super, super authentic, because you're going through all of this shit. Like, how can it be a channeled message if you're going through all of these beliefs? And especially. If the beliefs are like, what's going to make me the most money, what's going to make me the most famous, you're going to be creating from that place. And so it's going to then, because it's not going to be an authentic channel, it's then going to actually get you comparing yourself to other people more, looking at what, what's made other people go viral, what versus like, what's actually going to be authentic for me. So you know what you kind of want to is this typically leads to when you're going through this filter, either saying nothing, delivering a message that's filled with doubt, saying what you think will get you liked and getting approved of, versus what you actually want to say, you know. And this is the ego, right? So this is if you're building on an ego based thing, you're always going to be creating from here versus when, if you just literally ask yourself the question, what is the mission that spirit universe, however you want to call it, has given you? What have you come here to serve people with? And if you followed that and remove all the ego, that's when this authenticity is going to channel through, right? And so, you know what you ideally want to be doing is basically removing all of these little aspects. So then you can just channel from a place, and this is what the inner authority. All of this is your inner authority. It's your you know, it's your energy, it's your vibration, it's your everything. So when you remove all of those ego parts, that channeling of authentic speech will be able to come so much easier. And that's then why your business grows faster, because it's actually authentic, and people can feel it.

Speaker 1  31:22
Yeah, oh my gosh, guys, I've how many times you guys have heard me say that your your business results are a byproduct of the inner work that you've done and the mission that you're leading. Like, I feel like Haley's probably one of the only other people that like echoes what I say, like, word for word, and it is, it is such a truth that I don't see being talked about often, because so often, and especially, I would say, like the post pandemic marketing, online business world, that landscape, the message that was resonating with everyone was, you know, your your nine to five job is not stable. Get into business so that you can. It's the fast track to wealth. It's the easy way for you to have freedom. You know, before you know it, you're going to be sipping margaritas in Mexico, and everything's going to be fine and dandy. So many people got into business from a place of deficit. And that place of deficit was, I don't like my nine to five, I'm running away. I need to prove myself to my friends, to my family. And so many people were coming from this place of false authority, of just, you know, very quickly, picking something up and thinking that they can scale it to a million dollar business. Dollar Business, rather than actually doing the deep embodiment work. You guys hear me talk about mastery all the time, and making sure that you're mastering a skill set, making sure that what you're doing is actually in alignment with what you feel in your core, that you're convicted in not just making fluffy promises and super sexy, tangible outcomes, because that's what the people need to hear to buy from you. So this is the really, really deep, important work that needs to happen before your business can scale. And I'm more than willing to bet, and Haley and I have kind of talked about this as well, is that when you start to see the external things as a byproduct that you're not aiming for, they actually happen faster, because so many people have created large amounts of wealth and then have completely sabotaged their way out of it, or completely have gone off the rails and lost it, or have burned bridges with clients and key relationships. So it's it's very evident to me, when someone's brand is not growing in cohesion with their identity and how they feel about themselves, when this grows too fast, we almost inevitably always self sabotage out of it. This also brings me to a secondary point where we've talked about this before, inside this container of getting into business and brand building from a baseline of safety and not getting into it from a place of needing it to fulfill any sort of void or fulfilling any sort of need. I even use the example or the analogy of getting into a relationship saying, I have all of these needs, and my partner needs to check off all of these boxes, otherwise I'm out. And of course, we won't have certain expectations from our partner, but we should be showing up to that relationship as a healthy whole being that person is meant to complement what already exists, not complete what we're missing. So I think for a lot of people, when they get into brand building, they're almost building it from a place of I need it to give me a sense of identity. I need the money to give me a sense of wholeness. And that's kind of why the conviction is wobbly. And they might be doing all the right things marketing wise, right? You can look at their posts, you can look at their launch and their offers, and everything might seem fine and dandy from the outside, but the conviction is missing, and people can feel that that is reducing your magnitude. So yeah, any thoughts on that? I'm sure you

Speaker 2  34:27
do. Yeah, 100% I also just wanted to quickly, because I think it kind of like ties into this, as well as a question in the chat, how do you rectify working in the soul mission with not having, not having the business provide for us financially, and getting stuck in survival? Stuck in survival mode. So I think there is, like, you know, especially if you have, like, built a business from that place where you've, like, Okay, I've built something. It's making me money now, but it's not what I want to be doing. I feel like I'm making this business because I have to, and now it's providing me financially. There is a. First of all, there's usually a belief there, of like, I believe that what I want to do won't make me money, and that that's, again, a limiting belief that you want to kind of eradicate. But number two, there can be, like, this process and this journey, of like, allowing the part of you that you know, I'm actually going to bring myself into this a little bit, because this has been a personal journey that I've been going on, and it all comes down to, like, you know, this god alignment that that we're here to create. And so the one thing that I would say is, like, make sure that with the element that's making you money, is there a way that you can make it slightly more convicted, you know, is there a way that you can, like, create something that's slightly more like, you want to almost think of it like an artist, right? There's actually a great book for everyone to read. Is Elizabeth Gilbert's big magic that is a brilliant book about like artistry and like there is this element of like artistry that you want to bring into creating your business. And you know, this is where then the artist that's creating the content and the business owner that's creating the money, these can be slightly separate energies. And I don't know whether you know, maybe pummies, you can let me know whether you agree with this as well. But what I see them as slightly different energies, right? It's the masculine the feminine. So I teach feminine authority. It's like, you've got to have the systems, and you've got to have, like, the thinking mind to, like, create all of those systems. But then, you know the feminine flow, your artistry is all of that, like, more flowy kind of nature of things, and you want to have both. So like, with myself, when I first came into like, the online world, I was just helping people, like, build self doubt, and I was sorry self belief and helping them overcome self doubt. And so I really enjoyed doing that, but I had this belief. I was just like, you know, my entire background had been, like, corporate, organic marketing. I worked with some of, like, the huge tech startup Canva, when it was tiny, and that organic marketing team, so a lot of my background was there, and I was like, I had this belief of like, I can't be successful just doing inner work, you know, even though I already was so I shifted my entire business. I started becoming just a business coach. And there was a period where I was just like, wait a sec. This doesn't feel fully aligned, but it was making me money, right? So how do I actually now make this more soul aligned? Okay? So it looks like looking at because this was my expertise as well. This is where the entire birthing of feminine authority and even inner authority, and the combination of inner and outer Authority came from. Because I'll say, if I was to use my artist, so if I was to get creative, and if I was to look at like my business is a blank canvas, and not teach anything that anyone else has taught on my topic, what are the you know, what's my dharma? How is it informing the topic that I'm teaching? And so the reason that I now teach feminine authority, which has a huge influence, like, on inner authority, being like, primarily, the largest part, is because I went on this journey of, like, Okay, I'm really good at this. Like, marketing. I teach people to sign high end clients, you know. But I also I know that, like my spiritual mission is the inner authority work, and so when I combine these aspects, it then does become something that is slightly more like heart LED. So I'd say that if you are in that place of like, you know, okay, I need to rectify and pivot and shift so that it feels more soul aligned. Instead of just ditching everything, look at what you currently have and be like what currently feels out of alignment with what I'm doing. How can I change my teachings? So I'm not necessarily changing everything in one fail swoop, you know, but you're going back to it and looking at it like an artist would. And the quote that you want to think about that Picasso said, I think he said, you want to consume. No, no. This is, this is actually not him, but you want to copy good artists, copy great artists, steal, right? So that's, that's Picasso's quote. But the way that you want to integrate that is by thinking you want to consume like Frankenstein. You want to consume like a vampire and create like Frankenstein. Frankenstein. Helps when you get them the right way around. Haven't said these for a while, so that you basically consume all of this stuff on your topic, and you create something that's very unique. So the reason that parmese is so integrated in what she does isn't just because her teachings are what everyone else is teaching. You know, she has allowed influences from philosophy, philosophy, psychology, all of her other aspects to come. And she's basically been the artist to create a topic that for a lot of people could be very hollow. She's created it to make it very authentic to her. And so again, she's used her natural belief system to be able to, like, build something that's very honest, instead of just replicating the same things over and over again. So I wouldn't say, like, you know, just ditching everything can one fail, sweep and start again. Like, do this gradually, you know, allow yourself to be a canvas and like, still do the launches, still do the things that are going to make you money, but just every single time you do it, what's a little bit something like. What's a little bit more you that you can add into it, what's a little bit more authenticity that you can add into it, what's a little bit more curiosity on another topic that impacts this that you can add into it. So sorry, I kind of went off on a tangent

Speaker 1  40:12
there, but this is great. And for those of you who are still working on your ownable specialty, which, by the way, that's a branded concept I've created, where it's like, how do you get known for not just the thing that you do, but the way that you do it differently. And as you guys know, like Haley and I can make the same promise as to what our businesses do. Now, of course, I don't focus on the inner authority stuff, but when it comes to like, the brand concept development, the marketing aspects, the content stuff, I was also a guest inside her container last year. So there's many ways that we can cross pollinate. And if someone were to look at us objectively, we kind of can say that we do the same thing, but the flavor that we bring to how we do things is what makes us set like, what sets us apart, and what creates that magnetism. Haley's got this incredible way of being able to bridge the gap with the with the inner conviction stuff, and I perhaps have a little bit more of like a philosophical edge when it comes to teaching the way that and by the way, Haley, I definitely agree with the masculine feminine side. That's something that I've taught, not inside this container, but it's definitely something that I think is a really, really important distinction and way to look at it. But again, with the ownable specialty stuff. And this even came up on a call we had on Friday where when people are in that pre branding phase, when you haven't, like, quite figured out, like, what is my thing? What is my edge? What is what is the thing that I want to become known for? And I've always said you want to be following those nudges, those curiosity nudges that come through. What is it that you're already good at? Rather than going out and making some big, grandiose promise as to, like, I can completely reshape your life and business overnight. What are you already good at? Get started with that. Put that message out there. Haley just said that she started off with helping people overcome self doubt. She wasn't making seven figures back then, right? But it it's like following the small nudge of I'm good at this thing right now. This is what my conviction sits on, and once you put it out there, the more feedback that you get from the people that you want to reach, and the more you engage in dialog with the ideal people and see who resonates with it. You'll be able to see the gaps in your own logic, the gaps in your own teaching, and you can further iterate these concepts, and then you can see, okay, well, where can I bring in some of my organic marketing background into this, where can i and this is how branded concepts are created. If they don't just come to you overnight, or you wake up one day and you're like, Eureka, I know exactly what my thing is. It starts with you, starting with one tiny little nudge, one tiny little idea, putting it out there, working through it with some people, practicing teaching it, because that's also a really good way of seeing where the gaps in your own understanding are, and then being able to pull in, oh, okay, I observe that I get really good results when I work with clients this way, or this type of person was attracted to it, or, Oh, I see how my background in economics also plays a role in what I'm doing here. So you're crafting it. It's like a puzzle that's constantly being built. It's not something that is just just, you know, discovered overnight,

Speaker 2  43:04
yeah, and I think as well, like the being able to give yourself permission to always be a work in progress, and to lead with curiosity. You know, one of the inner authority pieces that I see people get stuck with a lot, especially at the beginning, is like everything needs to be perfect, and I need to know everything already. And so when you have that belief of like, you know, what I have right now is what I need to build with, it stops you from being able to steal like an artist, you know. And the word steal, I know, is like, very polarizing, but essentially, what it means is like you want to be a researcher. You want to research everything. You want to, like, go to the depths, if you've got, like, an interest in like, you know, God like at the moment. You know, my spiritual influence of like, how I teach manifestation is the entire way that my the way that I teach manifestation is different. So it's spirit and body LED. Because I have created a belief that that, you know, I practice and come to over and over and over again, is like, in order to connect to your dharma, you need to connect through your body. And in order for you to shift anything that's stopping you, need to do it in your body. That's that's a belief that I have, right? You could probably find 10 other people that disagree with me. I also believe that in order when you connect with spirit or you the universe. And you know, this isn't in like a floofy way. This is more of just like a direct line of communication way. It speeds up things. So the way that I teach manifestation and inner authority is I've created all of these different diagrams by doing a load of research. Like, at the moment, guys, I'm not a Christian, I'm not religious, but I'm reading the Bible, and I'm reading the Gospel of Mary Magdalene. I'm reading the Gospel of Philip, you know, because I'm like, I'm so interested. What are the parts that like have been removed from the Bible, and what do they say? Like, how can I interpret this around manifestation? These are, like, old myths and legends that I'm, like, fascinated by. I'm not going to become a Christian, you know, because that's not my timeline. But. Again, it informs the teachings that I'm creating. I'm I'm, you know, looking at lots of different reference points. I'm being a researcher, and I'm allowing that creativity to lead and so that's what when you create like an artist, as opposed to creating from your business mind, that's what it allows you to do. It allows curiosity to be sparked. And when you don't have that, you do, just end up creating the same things as everyone else, but the programs that are, you know, that people talk about, that people refer people to, that really create impact, are the ones that are created like artists. But you need to give yourself that permission of like, oh, I can be a researcher. I don't need to know it all now. Oh, my, my ideas can evolve. They can evolve. I could launch something now, you know, when I first started speaking about feminine authority, was called Full Spectrum authority, and all of my diagrams were different. And now I teach feminine authority. And when I first spoke about inner authority, I think I call it something completely different. I didn't describe it like the way that I describe it now, I'm also not wedded to the way that I describe it now. And so I may change it in the future. You know, when I make a book, it may completely change. So give your that, give yourself that permission to, like, be this evolution of wherever you're being pulled to curiosity wise. But if you're leading with the ego that curiosity just gets it's like extinguished, like waters, just like put on the fire, you can't be curious if you are leading from what's going to make me the most money. It's just It doesn't link up 100%

Speaker 1  46:27
100% and I think a really big thing you touched on here as well, is trusting the timeline and for the purpose of this program in particular. I mean, of course, we're doing all of the groundwork when it comes to understanding, you know, where the demand is in the market. Where does your unique specialty, and where does your skill set merge with what the demand in the market is looking for? And then from there, we're really looking to build the foundation of like, What is the method, what is the process, what is what is it that you do to get clients results? And then, of course, all of the marketing stems from that. Like, your marketing is, is being informed by what this core idea, what this message, is. And I think for a lot of people, there's this very big rush of once they've landed on the thing, like, okay, great. I know what my brand concept is. I know what my My thing is. How do I make you know, not just how would I make money out of it, but how do I make it known to other people? How do I get their the reach, the recognition, the revenue, like, how do I put this out there? And I think again, we've been conditioned in our entire you know world that when when you have clarity on something, you have to go out and make something of it immediately. And in order for you to build conviction or that inner authority, you need to see the evidence of it working on the outside. And one of my core principles, and one of the things that I believe is the hardest thing to do, is to continue to show up for yourself, despite seeing the immediate evidence and despite seeing things rewarding you right away. So do you have any insights on this? I know it's a pretty big topic, but huge.

Speaker 2  47:52
I mean, I can give like, a personal example at the moment. You know, with this, I've had a very big pool recently that the big direction that I meant to be taking my business in is this inner authority. And I'm actually developing an app at the moment, and it's very exciting. It's going to be, I'm actually going to give you guys 50% off if you do want to come into it's going to be a membership first, and then it will become an app. But when you join now, you get lifetime access to the membership, which is and the app, which is very cool. And it's essentially going to be breath based inner Authority building. But I had this very big pull, and it's, obviously, I've got no evidence that that's going to work. And it also doesn't, you know, I have a large mastermind called the House of authority, the house of feminine authority, where I teach people to, you know, create high end content, and, you know, they develop their integrated authority. And then, you know, obviously part of it is inner authority as well. It's a different mission to that. It's a completely different mission. So I've created a new Instagram account, a new Tiktok account. I'm creating a new podcast, like, it is another business, and it is that test piece that I'm even currently in today, where it's like, like, I still love creating my last mask, my large mastermind. I have my conversion account, and I'm going to still do that stuff, but I have dedicated myself to this other mission that I can't see whether it's going to work right now, you know, but I trust, like, the messages that are coming through, that this is the direction. And like, even as soon as I did that, like parmese invited me to do this on inner authority, I've been invited to speak at in person events about inner authority. This stuff never happened before, and suddenly, just because I made this declaration of, like, all right, I trust, I surrender, I'm going to take the action, even though, you know, my Instagram's got like 62 followers on the other account. So guys, I'm going to post my Instagram in there. You guys are all good. You know, it's like, but I'm posting on Tiktok, and traction is happening there. And it's like, irregardless of the timeline, irregardless of the outcome. It's about the mission. And so if, if we have a spirit led mission, a universal mission, of just like I just believe I meant to come out with this message. I believe, you know, for my own personal thing, when people combine the breath with manner. Station. Things come faster because it's literally, it's the thing that links everything together, every single technique together. So when people start to do that, results happen really fast. I believe it's my mission to get that out there, right? So then every single piece of content I create, if it gives someone a mindset shift, if it gives someone like a healing that's actually going to be in service of that mission. So it actually doesn't matter how many people are in my people are in my audience right now, I just trust that if I keep on going and I keep on putting one foot in front of the other, something will happen eventually. Because, remember, a quantum leap isn't actually a quantum leap. A quantum leap is a quantum leap where one moment, one thing worked, but it's usually based on years of hard work. And so we see the success stories, we hear the incredible experiences, the quantum leap, oh my god, it's happened overnight. It blew up. But we don't hear about the 10 years that people put in before that, where they got no traction. And that happens again and again and again. It is so much more likely that the most successful people in the world have experienced so many failures, failed businesses, things that they have had to start and have not panned out, but they keep on going until eventually it works out. And so the timeline is, like, the timeline is kind of irrelevant, in a way. It's like, if you're coming from, like, the service place, you just keep on going, because eventually it will work. The only way it doesn't work is if you stop that's the only way. And so even if it happens in 20 years time, it doesn't matter, because it's still coming. And all of them, the work that you've done up until that point will create the quantum leap that suddenly, you know, explodes everything you know. My sister is a really great example of this. My sister is the guitarist for Machine Gun Kelly. If anyone knows Machine Gun Kelly, the band and you know, so she's currently going around all of these, the biggest stadiums in the world, like performing, like she's hanging out with Justin Bieber, Megan Fox, like all of these, like huge celebrities, but no one speaks to her about the 15 years She started when she was like 12, maybe even younger than that, in her bedroom, recording by herself when everyone was bullying her, saying, You're a weirdo, you're a this, you're that. And she just kept on showing up. She kept on like, horrible hate comments on her videos. And then one day, one day, one video blew up, one video blew up. And so now she's got like over almost 3 million followers on all of her platforms, a million on each and it's like she has just kept on going. You know, it's a resilient piece. She was literally told over and over again, you're not good enough. No one's going to no one's going to admire what you do. No one's going to want to work with you like, you know, you're a female in a male dominated industry. This just isn't for you. You're a guitarist. You're not even a singer. You don't sing. Why would people ever support you? And she just dealt with it all and kept on going. And then, over time, then the Quantum Leap happened, and now she's like, you know, in all of these magazines, Netflix is doing a documentary on her, like, this happened because she went through she didn't say, um, well, it's not happening now, so I'll give up. She was just like, No, this is my expression. This is my mission. This is my timeline. This is my God given gift. And she kept on going. And so it's the same for all of us. The timeline doesn't matter. And people won't, when you make it, they won't be asking you, you know, oh, my God, how many, how many years did it take you? They'll be asking you, tell us about the quantum leap, and you'll tell them about the quantum leap, and that will be the moment, you know,

Speaker 1  53:33
yeah, and I think it's, it's so interesting too, because, like, I have like, these memories that pop up on Facebook of, like, what I posted seven years ago, eight years ago, nine years ago. And it's hilarious to me that I've been saying the same thing for like, nine years now, when it comes to being non transactional in your approach, and, like, not making the goal, the goal, and all of these things. And like, nobody cared back then. Like, I look at some of the posts, and it's like two likes, like, nobody, nobody cared. The thing that shifted was the confidence that brewed in me from the repetition of being dedicated to my craft. I was showing up with just as much interest and passion and vigor back then than I am now. But the only difference was that it hadn't accumulated. It didn't have the the compound effect that happens when you stay dedicated to that craft. And even using your sister as an example, she wasn't aiming to become machine gun Kelly's, you know, guitarist, that that wasn't even on the plan. It wasn't something that she would go and write in her journal every day and put up on a vision board and say, I'm going to become his, you know, guitarist. She might have had goals and aspirations, but she was doing it because it felt like it was coming from this deep inner calling. It wasn't coming from ego. It wasn't coming from I need to show people that they're wrong. I need to make this work. I need to make all the money. I need to get the 3 million followers. Netflix needs to notice me.

Speaker 2  54:53
Yeah, exactly. And I think the other part about that is, and you mentioned this earlier, parmes is like not asking your. Can't provide for you too early, and that's what she really didn't do. And I had a full time job for two and a half years as I built my business, and then when I eventually left, it's because we had our first 90,000 USD month. And I was like, Okay, now I feel like I have structures in place to be able to support myself, you know, financially. But it's the same for my sister. Like, she worked other jobs, like she she didn't, she not once, I think, did we speak about, okay, I want this to be a career. She was like, still thinking, Oh, I might go and do criminology. Like, I think she wanted to, like, do autopsies. Like, she like, loves crime. So she's, like, complete other path. And she was like, Yeah, I just love guitar. So she went to university to do, you know, guitar and everything, huge, by the way, huge rifts between my dad and my sister. My dad wanted my sister to go to Harvard, okay, and so my sister's so smart, naturally, and so obviously she wanted to go and do music. So there was huge rifts in the family. People didn't support it was me and my mom that supported her. She was bullied immensely by the people around her. My dad was terrible to her and such. Everything around her was saying, Don't do this. Don't do this. Don't do this. And she didn't have evidence for a really long time, and she had to kept on, keep on going. And the one thing that she never did was say, you know, I'm going to make my I'm going to start gigging and make myself, you know, dependent on this income source. She just gave herself the freedom like, this is my art, and whatever comes from that, I'm going to, you know, step into, and over time, it's become her career. But that's not to say that, you know, money can't come sooner, but it's, it's the mindset shift of, like, when we especially when a business is small, it's like asking a baby to walk. You know, if the business isn't ready to walk, you know, you can't put

Speaker 1  56:44
that's crazy. I said one of the calls you guys remember when I said, you know, asking your business to provide for you is, like, having a toddler and expecting it to do the dishes and, like, help around them. Like, why aren't you? Why are you not giving your choice? What are you doing? Like, yeah, exactly. And I also think it's really important for people to know kind of the back stories of the people who've been successful. You know, you mentioned you have a you had a full time job, but up until the point where the business got to the point that I can actually provide for you, and not very many people talk about that, there's such an over emphasis on I went from zero to 100k in six months, and I was able to court, you know, Cap my job, and get my my husband out of his job, and everything was oh my gosh, and I think people don't realize that this is what I meant by getting into business from a baseline of safety. And a baseline of safety is not just your nervous system, but actually having the financial means to recognize that anytime you need your business to provide from you, from that place of need, you are literally repelling clients when you get on sales calls and you are desperate for the sale, when you post content, because you're hoping people are going to slip into your DMS, that is the exact energy that is going to repel people from wanting to be with you. That detached energy I talk about is like, it's honestly key, and that comes from that conviction. It comes from the inner authority, which, you know, gets set up this way.

Speaker 2  57:59
Yeah, and I think as well, like, you can't even nervous system where you're out your way out of scarcity. So like, you know, you can't, you definitely can't mindset your way out of it. But like, you know, a lot of people, they'll come into these programs, they're just like, you know, I'm just not making enough money to pay my bills, and my response isn't always okay. Let's do, like, a flow, you know, and like, like, let's, let's shift it from the body. Like, yes, you can do that to provide some, like, stabilization. But ultimately, like, we live in a capitalistic society that requires us to make money, to pay our rent, to pay our bills, to do food, and it's like, that's not something that we can change. So, like, we can't, you know, I always, I really have a lot of issues with some manifestation programs that teach people to like, okay, don't dip into scarcity again. It's like, just, just get another job. It's actually really, really easy, you know, just have another and actually, the wealthiest people in the world, if you look at their jobs, they have so many jobs, you know, that they are like sitting on a consultancy board for one job and then another. Like, there's nothing. There's no shame in it. And so when I was actually building my business to seven figures, I spoke about my full time job all the time, you know, because I was like, it just didn't bother me. I was like, I don't, I don't. My nervous system needs support and security in order to fly. And I also had set up a business seven years prior, which was a coaching business, and I ended up building all the program creating the perfect graphics. Like, you know, I obviously have a career in design, organic marketing, so I know how to do all this stuff, right? But my inner authority was so low. It was so low, I had no awareness on what was going on. So like, the idea of getting up on Instagram and, like, putting my work publicly. It really, really scared me, so I didn't post. And so then it came to launch day, and I launched, and obviously I hadn't built the warmth of my audience, so no one bought, and because no one bought within two days, I took that incredibly personally. I was like, people don't like me. I'm not good enough. I'm. I'm a failure. What are people going to think of me? This is so embarrassing, all of those thoughts that people have when they go into launches. I couldn't hold that. And so instead of, and a lot of people will say, Oh, you know, I'm feeling into an alignment. And I think my alignment is to close the launch early. That's not alignment. That's I don't have the resilience to hold the discomfort that this is creating and and it's hard, right? Because alignment doesn't always mean it's going to feel more comfortable. You know, alignment is often finishing the launch going through. I call it like a launch portal. You literally go in one side and you Quantum Leap, and you become someone else on the other side, because you experience so much shit, you know, even one of the launches that I had recently was it was a it was a portal of healing, like, honestly, I shifted about five identities in that launch, and it was, you know, so this is why I'm a seven figure earner, and I still experience those things. And so do you know I'm in peer led masterminds and stuff everyone does this isn't like, avoided by people, because different things, as we spoke about those energetic ceilings, they come up at different times, right? And so when I did start that business all those years ago, I ended up I also had a design agency at the time, and because I took everything So personally, I had such low inner authority, I made the belief I'm not good at business. And so then I gave everything up and I went back to corporate, because I didn't prioritize my inner authority. The one change that I made when I started this business today was I made it a priority from day one, I'm going to build my inner authority. Now. I wasn't calling it back then, you know, I'm going to work on my mindset. I'm going to work on my nervous system. I started doing a life coaching diploma. I started doing EFT. I started doing all these different modalities I stopped drinking, I then, you know, I have, I previously had PTSD that resurfaced when I stopped drinking, because I was ready to hold it, and I was building this business with active PTSD triggers that were going, that were and it was an incredibly traumatizing time. I created a masterclass called polarity, and I literally went through what happened to me in a year, because it was so traumatizing. It was so big, but that was also one of my biggest years in business, because my inner authority was able to hold the pain that I was going through whilst showing up every single day. And it's like if you don't work on your inner authority, if something happens in your business, if something happens outside of your business, and you create a story about it, it's going to stop you showing up in your business. And then you start to believe I'm not a good business owner, when, in fact, it's just that your inner authority isn't expanded enough. And that's all it is. All it is. The biggest reason people fail is because of their inner authority, and that is it.

Speaker 1  1:02:36
Yeah, that's like mic drop moment, right there. I love that you've emphasized also the fact that things can get difficult, and it's not about, you know, pushing through and having the willpower to make it work, but just building the inner resourcefulness and the inner resilience to be able to show up during difficult times. Again, I think one of the other big misconceptions in our space is that it has to feel good in order for it to be aligned, it has to be something that is comes naturally to you, comes easily to you, and being able to put in the reps. And not that I'm trying to glamorize suffering, but there is beauty in going through the difficulties that actually helps strengthen and build that inner conviction. Before we got on this call, Haley and I were just really quickly chatting about some personal stuff, and I was saying, yeah, the the inner conviction that's been brewing and developing and strengthening within me during this time of going through immense difficulty and having to show up for myself in a way that I have not showed up before, that is what leads to mastery. It's the it's the mastering of the inner game. Really, it's coming to a place of recognizing that again, yes, your mission is greater than you, and yes, it's, it's it's going to be difficult, it's going to push you past what you thought you were capable of, even if it's temporary. But it is in overcoming micro adversities through every experience that really helps to harness that inner authority, and that makes you feel like, wow, like that, that confident, that confidence is being brewed by going through these experiences, looking back and realizing I did not die

Unknown Speaker  1:04:12
like I did not.

Speaker 2  1:04:14
And I'm just going to show a very shite diagram, just to you know, because essentially what we're talking about is window of tolerance here. So if anyone's done, if anyone's done any nervous system work, and you work with trauma, or you've learned psychology or something, you may have heard the window of tolerance. Essentially, window of tolerance just means like, so, for example, people with PTSD, they have a very small window of tolerance, right? So this is, like, their trauma, and this is their window of tolerance. So they just basically, you know, another way that we can show this is like, you know, right? This is their window of tolerance. And so anything that happens, and our nervous system is going like this all day, right? And so every single day, they're basically being triggered up and down, up and down, up and down. When we expand our window of tolerance. Yes, it basically means that our nervous system can go up and down, up and down, up and down, but we don't have any active like we're not contained in this tiny box. So in the end, like all the stuff that we're experiencing is still there, we don't get rid of it, but we expand our window of tolerance. We expand our capacity to hold it without us, wanting to run away, without us, wanting to hide, without us, wanting to react without us, wanting to wanting to lash out. And so this is why, you know, PTSD is so interesting, because essentially, people with PTSD, their window of tolerance is like nil. And so that's why, you know, when my PTSD came up, like, all those years ago, I saw everything was triggering me. Everything was like a big deal. Like I was, like, everything was so personal and was so hard, and I needed to just steady the storm and, like, lean on my people, to expand my window of tolerance. And eventually it gets larger and larger and larger and larger and larger. So eventually you can go through life, and someone can say to you, you know, if you're if you've got a small window of tolerance, someone could say to you, I disagree with you, and that would be, oh my god, I'm I'm so reactive. I'm so I'm so upset, blah, blah, blah. When you've got a larger window of tolerance, people can say the same thing to you, and you can just say, you know, it's again, we come back to that inner authority rating. Reactive is the one low window of tolerance. Number Four aligned action is where you have it large. Oh, it doesn't bother me anymore. That's what we want to get to with your business, because it's going to allow you to continue to show up no matter what you're feeling. Is going to allow you to continue to expand your business no matter what's required of you. And also it's going to give you the you know it comes in here, of like, for example, when you start to expand to like, 100k months, 200k months, you know, wherever it is that you want to go, you may, when you build your own authority, start to realize, actually, do I need to build to that amount? Do I want to do everything that's included there? And again, it's an inner authority thing, because, if it's ego, like, I just want to get there and get that, get there, get there. But actually, you know, I realized that I want to live a life where I have some more free time. Okay, well, maybe that's not the 200k month, you know. And it that doesn't matter. The online space will tell you it matters. But let me tell you, from an inner authorities perspective, it doesn't matter you want to be creating, what you want to create. And so again, when you expand that window of tolerance, you get to see very clearly. Do I want to create 200k months, or does my ego want to create 200k months and what's actually right for me? And how can I create the right business for me? Like, how can I fill up my cup with what is right for me as well?

Speaker 1  1:07:36
Yeah, oh my gosh, there's there's been a reoccurring theme, and it's come up in the shape of multiple different questions that have come into this group. But essentially is, how do I tune out the noise from the outside world telling me how I need to do things, and how do I tune inwards and just listen to myself? And I think this has also been a personal journey that I was on where I'm like, I'm very open with saying, like, if the million dollar multi million dollar points come out, great, but if I don't ever reach that point, either, I'm actually quite fine with where I'm at and creating that sense of safety and enoughness and what I have, and not allowing the market to dictate what would deem me successful. Or, you know, lot of you have said getting on to calls or getting into, you know, other mastermind programs, or even scrolling through your social media and being like, how do you not allow other people's opinions to infiltrate yours? And I'm like, because I'm so deeply convicted in my own ideas that I don't even think about that. It's not even a threat to me. Of like, Oh no, I might see someone's post and it's going to influence how I think. I don't think like that. I am very careful with the inputs and who I choose to consume. However, with that being said, I'm not worried about copying others, because I'm so deeply grounded in the ideas that I have, and that's why, like someone like Haley and I can share very, very similar ideas, but they're just conveyed in very different ways. And the types of people that perhaps Haley will attract is very different than the types of people I will attract, but both of us are very grounded in our authorities.

Speaker 2  1:09:03
Yeah, 100% and I think as well, like it comes back to that, that when you have, when you are following what, like the universe or spirit or your dharma, when you are following, that the noise around you becomes less because, again, it doesn't become about competition. Of like, oh, that person. Because typically, when you're like, over consuming everyone else's stuff and getting influenced by that is typically because you've gone into comparison. Of like, I need to get something like, she's got something she's got more likes than me, she's got more money than me. Blah, blah, blah. How do I get that? Whereas when you're coming from your dharma, when you're coming from that spirit, led place, it's not about getting something, it's about delivering a message. And so yes, you can look at like elevating your marketing and expanding the way that you deliver that message, so it's more potent, but the message still comes from you. And so that is like a journey. And you know, we. We're we're now at a place where our minds don't work like that, but like I was once in a place where my mind did work like that, and like, I had to go through a lot of like, inner authority work to build the trust inside of myself, to build the belief inside of myself that I don't need to look outside for me. I don't need to outsource my power to someone else, because what a lot of other people do is they outsource their power to people outside of them. I need this business coach to make me money. I need something over here to give me something. When you work in your inner authority, it's about drawing back your power. You know, you could also call it inner power. It's about drawing back the trust in yourself so

Speaker 3  1:10:39
that you you just know deep in your

Speaker 2  1:10:43
bones. And this is, then again, why the connection to your body is so important, right? Because our connection to spirit isn't in our mind. It's not in your tarot deck. It's not it's not in the ether. It's in your body. You know, God or spirit you know speaks to us in tiny, little nuances in the way that we feel, in our in our dominant Claire's, you know, whether that's Claire audience, Claire, cognizant. Nick, whatever it is, we've got to be quiet enough to hear that. And if your mind is leading the show, if your mind is, you know, I gotta do this. I gotta do this. You can never hear that. Yeah. So the solution to all of this, of like, how do I get more embodied? In my message, is get into your body. Like, start doing embodiment practices, you know, like, I will invite you guys to join inner authority manifestation school, because it's literally about tuning into your body. You learn to, you know, people talk about intuition. Your intuition is so subtle. It's like, it's so tiny. Your ego is so loud. You know, most people, when they're like, Oh, I meditate. But my my brain was monkey brain. That's not intuition. You can't like, that's not that. And I used to have a very I have ADHD, I had a very loud monkey brain for a very long period of time, and I had to do a lot of brain training number one. But the easier thing for you to do is get into your body through the breath, because that is the only thing when you start to hyperventilate. And there's certain breath flows that you want to go through when you start to hyperventilate in a safe way, the first thing it starts to basically shut down your entire body, right? And this sounds scary, but it's actually not the first thing it brings off is the last thing to develop. And the last thing to develop is our rational thinking brain. And so our rational thinking brain is the first thing to come off, which gives us a beeline straight into our body. So this is why there's so many studies now that are happening around breathwork and psychedelic experiences, because it literally allows you to touch God. It literally allows you to feel an interconnectedness that previously only psychedelics have allowed you to experience. All comes from the breath, and the breath is in the body. They call it the breath of God, right? Because literally, if you read some of these texts, it's so interesting. They literally talk about how the way that we communicate with Spirit and God is literally in our body, through our breath, through breathing. This is why shamans, you know, all of these people that do these tribal incredible practices. They go on these remote viewings, where they, you know, go on these psychic adventures and bring back information for the tribe. They all start with breath. It all starts with the breath, and that's in your body. And so the more that you can tap into your body as you are growing your business, the more deeply anchored in your inner authority and your power you'll become, and the less you'll start comparing yourself. It sounds counterintuitive, you know, because you're like, oh, maybe I need to get something out here. But I promise you, everything that you have to create success is in your body, but you've just got to be willing to dedicate the time to listen.

Speaker 1  1:13:37
Yeah. Wow. Powerful, powerful. And I think this is such an important final reminder. Was one of the things that I talk about, and one of the things that kind of threw some of you for a spin when you came into this program where it's like, wait what you're not going to tell us exactly what to post and what schedule and how frequently, and what I need to say and what my headlines are, and what my offer is, and how much I'm pricing it like you're not going to tell us all of that. And it's like, no. The entire premise behind this program has been to help you come home to yourself and help you come back into your body and to ask yourself, what is the brand? What is the idea? What is the mission? What is the thing that I want to be known for? Not what the market is dictating? Is you know lucrative, or is going to be profitable or popular? What is it that you want to do, and even with your messaging, even with the content, even with what what you're putting out there, there's always this gut check that is being done where it's like, am I creating this to be seen? Am I creating this to be perceived a certain way? Am I trying to reach an outcome? Am I echoing what other people are saying because I'm jumping on that bandwagon? Am I putting this message out there because it's serving me in any way, or do I feel like I'm doing a disservice by not putting this message out there when you can tap into the point of view where you feel like your message is now just simply an extension of your mission. It's an extension of your perspectives, your ideologies, your belief systems, and who you are. It no longer becomes about how many people have liked it, how many people have DMed you because of it, you know, how many leads it brought in? How it got perceived? Did it get any backlash? Did it not get any backlash, which I know has been a big theme in this container, it doesn't matter, because the message was, was, was from this pure place of resonance, and from this pure place of it reached who it was supposed to, even if they didn't like it, even if they didn't reach out, just trust that it came from a good place.

Speaker 2  1:15:25
So I will just quickly add on to that a practical way to sort of look at this is, like, just, just look at the example of politics. And we won't go into like, you know, the politics of it, but like, the point is, whoever you're supporting, those people on any single day get torn to shreds, but they continue to share the the mission and the message. And you know, RF, Kennedy is a really great example. He's like, spurting like, some people hate him, with all of their glory. Some people love him. He just believes he's here to share God's message. And, you know, I watched this thing with him, where he's, you know, he's doing eight interviews a day. He's like, 70 something, like, I don't know how old he is, maybe six, I don't know, but it's just like, he's, he's just still doing this work because it's in devotion of his message. Same thing with you know that the Democrats, like, I'm sure that they're doing exactly the same thing. It's like, there's always going to be backlash. And again, it's that window of tolerance, the window of tolerance to hold it. And someone spoke about, you know, watching being at one of these rallies. And when these rallies are on, you've got this TV, and the people that you know, the people presidential candidates, are watching this screen, and they're just watching themselves being roasted by, like, all of these, like, you know, top news channels, and they're just sat there, and then they take a deep breath, and they get up on stage and they deliver their speech. That is a huge window of tolerance. And so, you know, it's not to go into any of the politics. It's just an example of, like, that's a large window of tolerance. Politics is meant to be polarizing, and the reason that people either love or hate one side is because they are willing to stand in what they believe, irregardless of whether people see it as wrong, you know. So that's like the the example that we could bring in here expand your window of tolerance, so it doesn't matter if people disagree with you. That's the thing. Again, it just comes back to Window

Speaker 1  1:17:20
tolerance, 100% I've guys, I've got, I've got a couple of posts brewing on the the personal branding aspect of what happened in the US elections last year, and again, not taking any sides. But I think it was an incredible case study of of authentic messaging, precise messaging, positioning, comeback story polarization, like it was, it was a complete case study in successful personal branding, regardless of whether you love or hate the person in charge. I think if we objectively were to look at it from a messaging and positioning standpoint, it was a phenomenal description of that. So on a final note, Hayley, I would love for you to share a little bit about how people can actually work with you and what it looks like to come into the app, come into the membership. Would love, because I'm sure people are at this point like, wow, how do I now implement all of this? And Haley person to go to for that, so take it away.

Speaker 2  1:18:12
Okay, so this is inner authority manifestation school. So the idea behind this is it is eventually going to become an app where you are essentially going to be given teachings on all things. A lot of the stuff that we've been talking about today, but it's all channeled. It comes, you know, on topics like reactivity, expanding your capacity, being in groups, being a leader, money, like every single area that touches business, that touches life, exposure, visibility, there are lessons that go into that. But the biggest part with all of this is giving you a place to expand your capacity. So you find something that you build awareness on, and then you expand your capacity to hold it. And so there's lots of different breath flows and somatic flows that you basically will have in this app that you can when you find something, whether it's an active trigger, whether it's something that you just discover, you can basically go and shift it. Now I've developed these flows. They are between like 20 and one hour long. 20 minutes one hour long. They are in different areas, and the they are designed to basically remove and complete fight or flight responses in that amount of time. So the the three areas that this really helps you with is, number one, manifestation. So you know this is, this is, as we speak about with marketing. I sell it through the lens of manifestation and money, but what I'm really giving you guys is all of this nervous system regulation, expanding your window of tolerance, right? So there's longer things for manifestation to remove manifestation of money blocks directly from the body through breath work, tapping and somatic movement. It's about reprogramming your mind to feel safe, attracting in what it is that you want, and holding what it is that you want, and then you also. So there are things to just manage stress if you have ADHD, is symptom management for that, there's much shorter flows, and the desire the design of those flows are more to like ramp up the nervous system, to bring it back down and get your thinking mind offline. So often, all that happens with ADHD, it actually gets worse because of the way that we're breathing. And then also it's about connecting spiritually. So if you have been interested in what I've been talking about today, about today with, like, connecting to spirit, bringing more of spirit the universe, and like, just divine guidance, like your dharma, into your business, that's going to allow you to do that, because, again, it's a body based connection. So that's basically what it is for you guys. You guys are going to get 50% off the total enrollment, and that is actually going to include lifetime access to the app. So in the app is going to be, probably the membership is going to be launching in about February. We're going to be doing a little bit of a launch now where people can buy lifetime access to the program. Membership then is like a monthly fee that people pay. When they stop paying, they, you know, lose access to the app. You guys are just going to remain access. So anyone that comes in as an OG now, and there's already a load of people that have come in over the past year, you just get lifetime access to the app, whatever it becomes. You don't have to pay any monthly fees. So wherever the app goes, you just get to retain that access. There will be things like, you know, live flows that you can come to, where everyone comes to a call, and I take you guys through a guided, you know, a breath flow or a somatic flow. And the idea is to basically, again, it's all expanding your capacity, so it's going to make you more grounded, more neutral. You're going to be able to look at specific triggers. If you're like, I'm just terrified of stories. I'm terrified of, you know, polarizing content. You won't be by the time that you're finished with this. And the idea isn't to need this forever. The idea is to give you the tools for a few months so you can work on the areas that you need to and then you can leave. You know, you don't have to use it until you know, energetic ceiling, new level, new devil. Okay, actually, I need to come back in, and I want to expand my window of tolerance for that. You come back and you use the tools, and then you go out. So I will give parmese the 50% off, and you guys get access to all of that, and we'll give all of the information there. And, yeah, I really hope to see some of you guys inside. We're going to be kicking off the launch at the back end of this month, so you guys getting early, early access, and you get instant access to the pre existing content. And then there's going to be new a load of new breath flows and everything that's going to be added in December, January, February, March, and ongoing as well. So yeah, this is definitely going to be a place where all of these things come together. And yeah, I'm excited to share it with you guys in the world.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:37
Well, Haley, thank you. Yeah. Sorry. Go ahead.

Speaker 2  1:22:40
Someone just asked what I mean by flows. So they're essentially a so a breath flow is essentially just like a breath journey, but the way that I do it is that it follows a specific flow, so it kind of mirrors. There are different flows that you will do depending on the outcome that you want to create. So we'll do a different type of flow if we're wanting to regulate the nervous system and just bring the thinking mind offline, we'll do a different type of flow. If you want to connect to God or spirit, we'll do a different type of flow. If you want to, you know, connect your spirit guides. Do a different type of flow. If you want to release trauma from the body, we'll do a different type of flow. That there's different flows that we do for different areas. And so the idea is that I curate these based on different topics, and it also brings in tapping. So it's not something that you've probably done before. It's not just breath work. It includes a lot of different modalities, and it really, really works. So that's basically what flows mean. Yeah, and I

Speaker 1  1:23:32
love that. I love that you've been able to put your own unique spin on it. One of the things we've talked about in great lengths in this program specifically, is really helping people come into their own way of doing something. So breath work is a well known concept, right? You guys have probably heard of breath work, but it's not just breath work. It's breath work paired with your own spin on what is your perspective, what is your approach to breath work that makes it superior or more effective than other methods? So I think that's another just a little branding plug in there where it's like, when we're talking about your unique methods of doing things, it's she's not just selling breath work. There's like, a very thought out process that she uses to get a very specific result for a very specific type of population. So that's how she's branded it to herself. There you go. Mic drop. Well, Haley, thank you so so much for being here. This this session has been invaluable, and I think it's something that people can likely go back to, even when they hit their own energetic ceilings, and kind of re watch and re listen to everything that was said this, like I said, guys, this has been one of the most important pieces of brand building that I wish more people talked about, more people knew about, and that there was more of an emphasis put on it, because so many people have created, you know, a lot of of hype around messaging and content and launches and offers and money and manifestation. And I think this is kind of the through line that that threads all of it together and makes it actually sustainable, and makes it something that you. Actually enjoy building so you don't build this seven figure business and turn around and realize that you just built it out of shame or guilt or deficit and now you resent it. So Haley, thank you so so much for being here. It was nice to actually get to chat in a group setting, rather than us voice messaging for hours back and forth, which I feel like we've been doing for three hours now, when I was oh, I would like, I would go for walks at like, midnight, because she's like, she's from the future, and I'd be, like, eating tacos in the middle of the street, listening to her voice messages like it was gospel. So

Unknown Speaker  1:25:30
you were on sausages at the time. Oh, yeah, the sausages

Speaker 1  1:25:34
that I would get, like, the the Argentinian sausages from the streets. Yeah. It was a great time. Thank you so much for your time. Thank you for being here, and thanks for dropping your details there, guys. I will also be adding all of Haley's details in the group. This replay is going to be posted once I get all the details for her program and the discounts and everything, I'll make sure to keep you guys all updated, and you will be emailed about it as well. So Haley, thank you so so much for being here. I so appreciate you.

Speaker 2  1:26:00
I deeply, deeply appreciate the space. And yeah, you guys are amazing. I know because you're in palmy's world, you're doing, you know, really incredible work here. So I just want to celebrate you guys for choosing a really great mentor, because palmies really is incredible and is doing God's work. Shall we say?

Speaker 1  1:26:16
Thank you. Thank you so much. We'll have a lovely day, and guys, we'll see you all at the end of the week, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai