Speaker 1  00:00
Hello and welcome to the very first cohort of building a neuro brand. I am so excited to welcome you guys into this container. I have been working diligently behind the scenes on putting together the program materials for what we're going to be covering together over the course of the next five weeks. And I have to say, guys, I know I'm biased here, because I know this is my program, and I know this is my expertise and my genius being poured out into video and into the materials, but I have to say through the almost 10 years that I have spent in the marketing space, this is the program that I wish that I myself and almost every single personal brand that I have worked with up until this point, had access to and let me tell you why. As you guys know, I put together this program because I felt there was a major gap in the industry. I felt that there was a major population that was not being serviced to the best of their capacity. There's a group of people that I know are so good at what they do. They have so much wisdom, so many gifts that they want to bring into the online space, and they want to know how to monetize it with integrity, how to create brands of substance, how to become known for their unique way of thinking, for the value that they provide, for the transformation that they facilitate. And yet, with the booming online marketing space, where everyone is dangling some sort of shiny objects around, how to build a brand, how to market yourself, how to write copy, how to get clients, how to craft funnels, how to put together webinars, how to generate leads, how to put together lead magnets. I know more than anyone how overwhelming and disorienting it could be to not know where to start, where to begin, and how to really bring your expertise in the space in a way that makes sense. I myself have worked as a copywriter, as a copy coach, as a brand strategist, as a marketing consultant behind the scenes with many, 678, figure brands, and the one thing that I knew was key to each of these clients success was having a brand identity and having a solid foundation built before they went out and started scaling their business, or before they started to craft different offers, and before they started to expand onto different platforms and market in different ways. And unfortunately, the gap that exists in the space today is that there's been an over emphasis put on marketing, on sales, on lead acquisition, and we are not focused on helping experts like you actually learn how to refine their area of genius, how to put together a program, a product, a an offer, speech that actually solves a relevant gap. I've noticed throughout the years that many people who are struggling to get traction with their content marketing or struggling to get traction and sales the way that they thought they would is not because they're lacking the knowledge, and it's not because they're lacking the marketing expertise or the the discipline to show up. And it had everything to do with them not having a solidified brand concept, a solidified brand identity, and having the conviction in knowing how exactly they get their clients results. Many people I work with have intuitively known exactly what it is that their audience needs to hear. How is it that they're going to facilitate transformation? But unfortunately, when it came to being able to position themselves in a way that is clear, cohesive and compelling. They struggle to find the words. They struggled to create a brand concept that really stands out and and differentiates themselves amongst the plethora of people out there that are offering similar services or promising similar transformations. And so the big thing I've noticed is that we can get so caught up in how to write content that converts, what are the best copywriting gimmicks and tactics, and what are the ways that I can create a website or a funnel or systems and emails and automations to scale this business and to get things going, but none of that is actually going to be effective. None of it is going to work or is going to be sustainable until you have taken the time to develop the solid brand identity, until you've taken the time to really craft a method, a process, and create a concept that you become known for. The biggest mistakes that I see brands making today is that they go out and they try to solve their problem by throwing money at shiny objects. They hire mentors, they buy courses. They try to do all of the external marketing things without first starting within and getting really crystal clear on the internal process that they use to facilitate results with their clients. How they present the information. How do they create a brand of substance that actually solves a real, relevant problem, and how to communicate this in very tangible ways, so that the people that they want to serve understand why they would be coming to them. So if you're here and that resonates, I am so, so honored to host you, to guide you over the next several weeks, the work we're going to be doing is deep, and so the first order of business is, I want you guys to take a moment and forget everything that you know and everything that you've been told about, compelling marketing, branding, positioning, sales, or anything you've been taught or told by some expert around how you need to run your business. I am very much known for my very unconventional and very controversial to some ways of operating branding and businessing, business marketing, businesses, and the first order of operation here is that I want to get into the practice of deconditioning from the shoulds, the shoulds of how I should package my expertise, how I should be showing up online, how I should be crafting my messaging. We've all been subject to variations of messages that have told us, how do we box ourselves in, and how do we make our message seem more sexy, juicy, tangible, compelling, so that we can get in front of people and sell as quickly as possible? That's the line of thinking that I want to decondition everybody in this program from we are not here to scale fast, to be appealing, to appeal to the masses. We are here to build brands that actually make impact. And as cheesy as that sounds, I know that that resonates with you, because otherwise you would not be here. You would not have been attracted to my way of marketing. You would not have been attracted to my message. So I know if that you're here right now, you do not want to fit yourself into a box of what the industry has told you you can and cannot do in order to run a successful business. Many of my clients and myself included, have gotten used to breaking all of the marketing and branding rules. We don't do things the way that other people have been taught. We don't follow the industry norms. We don't show up in our content in a very appropriate and palatable way, and yet myself and many of my clients included, have been able to reach immense levels of success, both monetarily and with their clients, by learning to do things their way. So that's the very first thing I want us to do, coming into this container with a very fresh mindset coming into it from a place of understanding that it takes time, dedication and intentionality to craft a brand that is uniquely you, not what you think is going to be positioned to sell, not what you think is going to be the most sexy or alluring way of presenting your expertise, but we really Want to get tapped in to our unique essence and understanding how to create a brand that is uniquely us. So a couple of things that this program is not going to do. I want to set some realistic expectations right from the get go, because as confident as I am that this program is going to give you exactly what you need, I'm also a person of integrity, and I know that I'm not going to promise you the world, so we're going to set some realistic expectations here. This program is dedicated to helping you understand how to craft a unique brand concept, a process, method and a message that helps you position yourself and also develop the confidence and clarity in what it is that you do, what it is that you solve, how is it that you help, and how do you communicate that to the external world? That being said, we will absolutely be touching on concepts like copywriting, mindset, work, understanding the mechanisms of ideal client work and psychographics and positioning. However, this is not a be all, end all program that is going to promise you loads of cash on the other side and every single dream client come knocking down your door. Have to be realistic and say that this program is meant to provide you with that clarity and conviction so that you are one step closer to that. I want you to see this as a skill building program, and almost everyone that's worked with me knows this as well. I'm not going to make any really big claims of what you are going to attain as a result of this program, but what I will promise you is that you will develop the skill set required and necessary to build that brand of substance. I don't want us to get into this rush

Speaker 1  09:44
or into this mindset of urgency, of feeling like we only have five weeks to get everything in our business figured out and to be able to monetize things as quickly as possible. I stand for sustainability. I stand for. Honoring the different seasons of our life, of our humanness, of our business, and there is absolutely no rush to have things figured out. I want you to come into this program as a clean slate of recognizing that whatever it is that we are going to talk about is going to provide you with critical and crucial information and insights on how you can craft a brand that is uniquely you, but we are not going to get caught up in feeling like in five weeks we need to have our offers, our sales funnels, our website copy, our marketing strategy, our messaging components, not all of those things are going to be clarified. But what I can promise you, and I can assure you, is that you will absolutely have the key pieces that is necessary to get clarity on those things, so that you can walk away from this program feeling one step closer to having all of that, to having the really well established brand presence, to having the demand, to having the scalable offers. This is the first step. This is the foundational elements that I want you guys to take away. The next thing here is, as we're talking about creating a brand of substance, I want you guys to recognize that anything that is worth it, anything that you want to attain in life that is worth achieving, is going to take time. It is going to take practice. It is going to take iteration, and it might be a bit of a messy process. This is one of the things that I've taken a very strong stand for and against, depending on where you're at and depending on what your needs are, I want you to see your time inside this container as a process of development. There's going to be things I'm going to teach you that are going to challenge the way you think that are going to feel a bit hard, that are going to feel a bit messy, and that is okay. You're in this program, and I'm here with you to be in the mess with you. We're not here to have every single answer and everything figured out right away. I want you guys to realize that building your brand of sustenance is going to take time. It is going to take practice and iteration. What we create together within these five weeks might not be what you do in six months time or 12 months time. Building a business is being in a consistent phase of evolution and engaging with the different changes in different phases of what your business is going to ask you. So what I require from you guys is an open mind and patience recognizing that when I'm teaching things on calls, it might not click right away. There might not be many aha moments every single call, but I want you guys to show up and have the dedication to really sitting with yourself and asking yourself the hard questions, because we are not just building brands that are, you know, promising six figure months, and we're not. We're not promising lifestyle. We really want to help get our clients real, sustainable results. And in order to do that, we have to make sure that our foundation is strong. And sometimes being able to plant those roots and build a strong foundation is going to take a little bit of work. It's going to take effort, and it's going to take time, so as long as we're all on the same page that we're not going to reach some sort of magical destination by the end of these five weeks where all of a sudden all of our business problems are solved, and recognizing that if we are building something of value and building something of substance, it's going to take some time. It's going to take some effort, and we will be challenged. It's not going to be as easy as me giving you a five step blueprint, or me giving you an easy to implement template and saying, if you just follow these steps, everything is going to be okay. I know that feels like that is the safe route, and I know that it feels that when we invest into containers, we're looking to our coaches or looking to our mentors to hand us the answers. But for anyone who's worked with me before, and many of you haven't, in this container, you will quickly learn that I'm not here to save or to give you the answers. I'm here to help you think. I'm here to help develop your skill when it comes to understanding how to position, how to market, how to build something sustainable, all right? And the very last thing that I want to leave you guys with, before we get into some of the logistical things that you can look forward to, is that I'm going to be promising you three takeaways from this program. The first is that you are going to develop the clarity on exactly where you stand. The biggest problem that I see when it comes to messaging and when it comes to marketing and selling is not that people don't know what to say or how to say it, but they're lacking clarity on exactly what they solve, what they want to become known for, and what is the domain that they want to claim in their field? So if you're anything like many of my clients, you have a multitude of passions and skills and interests, or you might have a varying different background in corporate and business and spirituality, and you're having a very hard time putting all of this together. Or it could be. That you have really mastered this one domain. But for some reason, when it comes to explaining what it is that you do and what people can expect when you work together, it's very difficult to be able to put that into words. So my number one promise is that you're going to walk away with at least some level of clarity on exactly how to describe and how to talk about the thing that you do. The second is conviction. Conviction is the secret ingredient. I'm going to repeat that. Conviction is the secret ingredient to almost all of your business success, because it doesn't matter if you have the proven templates, the formulas, the blueprints, if you have all of the marketing and messaging and sales advice in the world, if you do not have conviction in what it is that you offer, if you do not have conviction in the transformation that you provide, if you do not have conviction in the process that you've put together to get clients results, it does not matter how sexy Your copy is, how beautiful your branding is done. There is an energetic component that is missing. And so my goal really, with this program is to start to instill that conviction in you, that you know you are the person for the right people, that you know what you have to offer is going to be valuable, that you know that you have a proven process, method, framework or stance that you can stand firmly on and defend why you do what you do. And the third is the competence and confidence those two go hand in hand to understand the mechanisms of branding. If you're here, chances are you are not just looking to sell T shirts and mugs online. You have a complex, complex set of skills. You have a unique solution. You have a a

Speaker 1  16:51
something interesting, something needed, something valuable that you've created and that you want to put out in the marketplace, not just because you want to monetize it, but because you know that it's very needed in your space, because you know that it solves a problem, that it fulfills a gap that you've observed. And if that's the case, you need to have the competence and the confidence of understanding how to run the foundations of a business, not just how to be an influencer and post social media stuff, not how to show up and sell, show up and launch, but you need to understand the mechanisms behind consumer psychology, behind supply and demand, behind positioning, behind what gets people to actually decide or make make a decision, or motivates them to move forward with one brand over the other. So I'm going to promise you that you're going to walk away with at least some degree of knowledge of understanding. How is it that you can position yourself and claim your place in the market, so that you are differentiated and so that you understand exactly what your people are buying? All right, if all of that sounds good to you guys, then you are absolutely in the right place. I'm going to get a little bit into some of the details of how this container is going to work. And of course, things might change, things might evolve. You might have some questions, and I'm happy to answer them within the group, but for the sake of this month that we're going to be working together, there are going to be a number of mentorship calls. Now, anyone who's worked with me before knows that the way that my mentorship calls function is not like you're sitting in a university lecture with PowerPoint slides and notes and, you know, very scripted teachings that I'm going to be giving you guys. I use the Socratic method in my teaching, meaning it's a lot about engaging in dialog, asking questions, prompting you guys to think about things at a very deep level. And I like to engage people who are live on the call, to be able to pull those questions, pull those concerns, or pull those blind spots out of you, and be able to workshop through it live on the call that said there's going to be a number of teachings that are going to happen in the first half of these mentorship calls. So I want you to come prepared to take notes, prepared to learn, prepared to absorb, and I just want you to sit back for the first half of these calls and just really learn some of the key theories and principles that I'm going to be teaching you about branding, messaging, positioning and content creation. The second half of the calls is when I open it up and I allow you guys to ask your questions and keep it on topic with what we are talking about in that particular call. That day, there is going to be plenty of opportunities for you guys to be able to pick my brain and ask me questions outside of these calls and outside of what we're going to be teaching on the mentorship sessions, there's the private Facebook community that you can ask your questions of. We will have a number of Q and A calls that will be kind of like a live impromptu bring your questions and I'll answer them, but for the purpose of those calls, i. Really want to make sure that everyone is on the same page around some of the theories, the key concepts, the exercises, some of the homework, and so we'll keep the questions surrounded around that. As I mentioned, there's the Facebook group, and there will also be a number of Q and A calls. So if you have specific questions that you would like me to answer, there's going to be a Q A thread inside the Facebook group that you can drop your questions into, and we will make sure to get through them on those Q A calls. Keep an eye out on when those days are going to be released. I have a couple of dates in mind, but I'm being mindful of different time zones and different levels of availability, since we already have that standing mentorship call on Tuesdays at 1pm Eastern, so you'll be notified of when those Q A calls will be happening next. We have the group, and I want you guys to take full advantage of this group. We are going to be using the group to ask questions, share wins, share insights, anything that's going on for you when it comes to the realm of building a brand, understanding your position, really working out the mechanisms of how you facilitate client results. I want you guys to drop your questions in there. I want you guys to be able to drop whatever questions that come up in between calls, or any level of support that you feel like you need for this particular component of your brand building or messaging process into the group, and make sure you tag me, because I'll be happy to answer your questions. I will be in there Monday to Friday, engaging daily, making sure that everyone is getting responded to. If there's anything that's coming up that you're feeling a bit wobbly on, I will be happy to provide my support. I want to make sure that we stay on scope, on the topics that we're going to be covering that are related to brand building in particular. So if we're talking about list building and websites and sales pages and webinars and master classes, those might fall a little bit outside of the scope of this program. Another thing that I want to make abundantly clear, because this is the number one thing that people come to me for is messaging and copywriting in terms of looking at your content itself. I'm happy to provide any feedback on posts or concepts or things that you guys have put together in relation to what we have covered on the calls. However, the small caveat here is that this is not a copywriting program. I cannot promise that I will be able to teach you everything that there is about brand building and concept building and positioning and copywriting within a five week span. There will be opportunities to get feedback on copy and there will be opportunities to pick my brain on copy related topics. But there are other ways that you and I can work together that are specifically geared towards helping you clarify that message even further and really get to the mechanisms of high converting copy. And as a final reminder, everything is going to be recorded. So don't worry if you are late to a call. If you are missing a call, everything is going to be recorded and transcribed and uploaded into your portals, and you will have lifetime access to these trainings. This isn't something that's going to go away. This isn't something that you're going to have to rush and implement. I want you guys to have access to these materials to come back to time and time again, whether it's with this brand or another brand or another program that you're building. I want you to have access to the materials so that there's no rush to feel like you need to get all of it in the last last piece that I'm going to just piggyback off of that is understanding that even though this program is very short and I can understand the urgency of wanting to pick my brain on all of the things, Please also keep in mind that our journey does not end here, meaning right after this program, there will be other opportunities for us to expand on some of the concepts and really be able to pick my brain at a deeper, more personalized level, if that is something that your business is ready for, and if you are comfortable investing into. So I don't want you guys to feel any sort of rush and urgency, and feeling like this is my only chance to be able to pick parmesas brain. There's no other ways that I'm going to have access to her. There will be very accessible ways that you can either pick my brain or send me things for feedback, or that we can work together a little bit more intimately after this program, so that there's no urgency, there's no pressure, there's no rush to feel like you have to get clarity on all aspects of your business and brand right here and now. All right. Well, that concludes my little introductory session here. I look forward to seeing you guys all inside the group. I look forward to hosting you on these mentorship calls. I, as I've said, I'm so so thrilled that you're here. I'm so thrilled that you made this investment in yourself. I genuinely believe that this program is going to be solving such a needed gap in our market, and I so so believe that after this program, you're going to feel so much more solid, so much more grounded and so much more convicted in what it is that you do, so that you no longer are going to be pulled towards every single pro. Gram and offer and promise and masterclass and freebie that's out there, but you have a grounded sense of where your business is at and what are the next steps forward. So without further ado, welcome to building a neuro brand, and I look forward to hosting you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai