Speaker 1  00:06
Covering positioning. And positioning is not something that I can cover in the scope of just one single call. As a matter of fact, we're going to be focused on positioning for this call in the subsequent two calls that are coming up, I would say that the bulk of the teaching aspect of this program is going to be covered today and over the next two weeks, only because positioning is typically taught as this very kind of like superlative way of positioning yourself in the minds of the right people. But it hasn't actually been broken down into what positioning actually is, and how do we actually create that, you know, go to or that, like unconscious response within our audience's mind? And so I've categorized positioning into three different categories, and today's lesson is only going to be focused on the first one. So the first one is understanding your specialty. And this is very different than understanding your niche and understanding your you know your scope of of you know your offers or your offer suite, or like, what your brand stands for, your specialty is really getting into, how do we hardwire the actual problem that you're solving, and what are the tangible components of what people come to you to solve? And this seems kind of obvious, because if we've gotten into business, chances are we have something that we're selling right last week, we talked about how value exchange needs to happen. That's the core. That's the center of every brand. There needs to be either a need that is being fulfilled, a gap that is being solved, or a problem that you're making go away for your audience members. But what I'm seeing more and more of, especially in the digital landscape, is people getting into business because they've had an idea. They have a passion. They have something that they want to, you know, create income from without strategically thinking about what their specialty is and why someone would want to pay them. So today's session is going to be all focused around how to create that scope of specialty so that you feel grounded in what it is that you do. The second component of positioning is having a deep, deep understanding of the person that you're trying to serve. Now, for those of you who've worked with me before, and many of you haven't, this is going to be a big bubble to burst, because I'm actually quite against the very traditional niching techniques that you were taught in marketing. I'm very strongly against the demographic way of thinking about your ideal client. So demographics being, you know, how old they are, where do they live, you know, what nationality they are, what do they consume in the morning? I'm very, very against that, and I have, you know, science to back it up. We're not going to be getting into niching today. We're actually going to be getting into niching next week. But what I have found, especially when I'm working with new brands, one of the biggest reasons why they get stuck and why they don't move forward with producing content or getting their brands out there is because they are too busy trying to figure out what their niche is, rather than focusing on actually getting their message out there, testing, iterating, and making sure that they're creating something of quality, as we're going to see next week, your niche is not a particular person. It's actually the scope of problem that we are going to define today, and the way that you find the person that your work is best fit for is to look at what is the demand that exists in the market, and how is it that your specialty fits into the market demand. Now, if you guys take a quick look around the room, just in this Zoom Room right now. Can anyone tell me what my niche is? Can anyone say parmese works with coaches that are in the first five years of their business, and here's what they look like, and here's what they do? Probably not right? Like when you're looking around, you can't really, you can't really pinpoint what is the niche. As you guys read through some of the introductions that people have made in the group, do you guys see how everyone is coming from very, very diverse backgrounds, right? So I don't say I work with mindset coaches or I only work with spiritual coaches. I only work with, you know, digital marketers, right? I don't have a niche. Kelly says, No, it feels more like the people who have certain values and depth of meaning and their vision and contribution, absolutely. So we're going to cover cover this next week, because this becomes a key positioning piece. Is breaking out of the mindset of uni. To have a niche that fits into a particular you know demographic. Jessica says it's personal brands who want help. Yeah, we're getting closer here. We're getting closer. My niche really is, is anyone who is trying to start a movement with their brand, and typically they fall into the category of personal brands, because the way that I teach, what I teach, is always associated to the humanistic side of values, of value creation, and so most of the time, people fall into the niche of personal brands. Not always. I've worked with people who are not personal brands, or companies that are not personal brands, but nine out of 10 times they're a personal brand, and they take a very strong stance against some of the industry bullshit, some of the things that we see being taught in the marketing world of like, you know, making certain money claims or using your lifestyle as credibility. So the people who are drawn to my way of doing things are the people who resonate with the problem that I solve, and they resonate with the values that I have. But I digress, we're not going to be getting into niching today, guys, I'm just teasing you a little bit with that. But for anyone here who's who's feeling stuck on their niche, let's just put that to the rest. We're not going to be focusing on niching. We're going to focus on market demand and how to position your specialty in a way that fits that market demand. Jessica says, This feels liberating. Yeah, the typical niching down feels very restricting, absolutely. And for many years, I felt the same way, but I was told by, you know, business coaches and people who've made a lot of money that you need to have a niche in order to be specific. And that's false. You can be very specific with your content. You can be very specific with your offers, but you don't have to speak directly to a niche, there's a way that you can narrow down who you're speaking to, so that you're speaking to their values and their level of awareness, rather than speaking to, you know, the specific demographics of who they are, all right? And the third component of positioning is your solution, slash framework, slash what I call your prescription. So again, another overlooked factor in the online business space is, what do you actually do with your clients? And again, it just seems it's so almost like elementary when I say it out loud, like, what do you do with your clients? You automatically assume that everyone obviously knows what they're doing with their clients, but you'd be surprised how many people have put so much of an emphasis on getting clients and not enough of an emphasis on building their skill set to actually get their clients from point A to point B. And I would argue that's probably the biggest reason why people are not seeing the results that they want in their business. It actually has nothing to do with their communication. It has, like nothing to do with their marketing strategy or with what their offers are doing. And I've seen people tweak their sales pages for 17 months and move their offers around, and, you know, rename their offers, relaunch it, package it differently, add bonuses, bring in guest experts, like they've really, you know, done everything that they possibly can to build that irresistible offer. But what's really missing here is a strategic plan of, how do we get our clients from point A to point B, when you say or when I say, I help you clarify your message, or I help you develop your brand positioning. I'm not just going to talk you through a series of concepts. I've developed tools, I've developed methodologies. I've developed ways that your brains can go, Ah, I see what I need to do. What are the actions I need to take to actually facilitate that transformation. And so not next week, but the week after that, we're going to be specifically focused on positioning your expertise in the form of a framework of a process. And like I mentioned last week, we want to go from intuitive genius to crystallized genius to then branded genius. Because intuitive genius is I don't really know exactly how I facilitate results. I just know I'm really good at what I do. I don't know exactly what it is I do with my clients, but I know, I know for a fact that when they come to me, I can help them crystallize. Genius is okay. I now have methods, methodologies, templates, frameworks, I now have tools that I know I can execute with my clients, and I feel solid in those tools. But if your differentiation factor or your positioning factor is just those tools, then anybody else with those tools can replicate what it is that you do. So we want to move away then from just crystallized genius to branded genius, which is what is your unique way of doing it? What is your unique framework? This is where we get into intellectual property creation. This is where you become uncopyable, because you've actually created a method and a process that is. Very unique to how you facilitate results for your clients,

Speaker 1  10:04
okay, so that's why I said that positioning goes far beyond just, you know, something I can cover in a two hour session. Specifically for today, we're focused on your specialty. Next week, we're going to get into demand, and then week after that, we're going to get into process creation. All right, so the key takeaways from today, here's what you can expect from today's call. We're going to move from theory to practice, meaning we're going to kind of start with the higher order bigger ideas, and then we're going to slowly move down into some of the more tactical, tangible components, and you're going to be left with quite a bit of homework. Now the quick little disclaimer I'm going to give you guys is that this might seem hard, and if you know, if you guys are here, chances are you knew you were signing up for this. I even pre warned you guys, saying that it's going to feel it's going to feel a little mucky. And I'm not saying this to discourage you, but just to say it's normal to feel like I don't actually know I don't have the answers right now. It is completely okay to not have the answers. Many people come into my world thinking that they're going to walk away knowing exactly you know what they're positioning and what their strategy and what everything is, and they actually walking walk away, realizing that they need to ask themselves some deeper questions. Kevin says, we signed up to be tortured. Yes, many people say that, but again, this is the hard work that many people skip over. If you guys just wanted branded templates and pretty sales pages, you would go buy someone's $67 offer off of Instagram, right? So that's why we're here. So the key takeaways, the first is the psychology of positioning and why it's important to define your expertise and the relevance to your customer strategically, so we need to actually understand on a psychological level, why is positioning important. Number two, this is the one thing that many of you said on your intakes that you would like support with how to categorize all that you do under one umbrella and position yourself to stand out amongst a sea of people who do the same thing. This has been a juicy one, because I've had so many people reach out to me, not just from this container, but just over the years, being like, how am I supposed to be known for one thing when I do so many How am I supposed to be known for, you know, just just one goal or one result that I provide when my clients walk away with so many different outcomes. Do you guys relate to that? Drop, drop a one in the comments. If that's something that you relate to, yeah, it's like there's so many things that you could possibly provide, there's so many things that you do, so how do you categorize it into one category? Now there's going to be a little bit of duality that I need your brains to hold when I'm teaching this. The first side of the coin is that your brains do need or people's brains in general, they do need to categorize things under one idea in order to be able to recall and remember what it is that you do. But that does not mean that you only become known for one thing, as you guys are going to see it in today's presentation. There's multiple things that you can tie into one umbrella category, so that it gives you the freedom and flexibility to talk about multiple things, but you do need to bring it down to one core anchor. So I'm going to show you guys how to do that today. And the flip side of the coin is that once you actually have that anchor, everything that you do, everything that you talk about, can become a source of content, and can become a way that you guide people back to your zone of expertise. But we need to find what that one category is, and you may or may not walk away with clarity on that from today's call. It might be something that you consistently go back to, that you refine using today's teaching. All right, the third thing you're going to walk away with is defining the scope of the problem that you solve and defining your psi. I touched on this a little bit last week. Your psi is your prominent selling idea, your prominent selling idea. Once we've landed on your prominent selling idea, that now becomes the compass for you to know how to create content, how to create offers. It is essentially the thesis statement that all of your marketing efforts and branding and positioning efforts are going to stem out of but we need to be very clear on what that prominent selling idea is before we go out and start writing content. Otherwise, you're going to feel scattered. It's going to feel it's going to feel like you're just throwing spaghetti at a wall. You're just saying a bunch of things, and nothing seems to actually stick with people, all right. And the last thing that we're going to get clear on today is getting clarity on exactly what your ownable specialty is and who it applies to. So once we know what your prominent selling idea is, so what is the one core idea that you need to educate and enlighten your audience on? We want to make sure that your specialty is ownable, meaning it belongs to you and your brand only. If you guys. Remember, last week, I mentioned, I see promises all the time of people saying, I help you reach your potential, I help you unlock your brain's capacity. I help you overcome limiting beliefs. And I always say that both a coach and a priest can say those things. So if multiple people can make the same claim, it is not ownable specialty that is when you put yourself in the category of one to many, you put yourself in the category of the commodity or vendor, because you're simply selling what many other people can promise as well. So today, we're going to learn how to make it ownable. How do you make it uniquely yours? And the bottom line of what I want you guys to take away from today is that today is about understanding yourself as a brand, before understanding how to communicate it and market it to others, before understanding niching, before understanding content, before understanding you know what your process is, we need to really ground yourself into A unique specialty that you can fully, fully stand behind. Because what gets you seen as the expert is when you see yourself as the expert first and again, many people jump straight into, how do I get clients without first really grounding themselves in, what is that honorable specialty? What is that zone of genius that you want to own. One of the top questions I'm always asked, what types of content will position me as a thought leader, and what's going to bring in demand for my business? But it doesn't start with your content. It starts with how you feel about yourself, right? You guys see me talking about conviction very often, and it's because conviction in yourself is the secret ingredient of creating that magnetism and creating that brand demand. And conviction isn't just some woo woo thing, meaning you don't just wake up one day and you feel convicted in what you offer. Conviction is strategically developed by getting clear on what your psi is, what is the demand that you're solving, and what is the way that you create that result for your clients. So my aim for you, if you guys, take nothing away from this program, is at least to get, like, maybe one degree more convicted in what it is that you do so when we don't have conviction, and I see this very often, I made a really long post in the group about it today. If you guys haven't read it yet, I strongly recommend that you do after this call without conviction. We will always be trying to portray trust, authority, credibility, and yet we'll always feel like nobody understands what it is that we do, or we feel like we have to convince people of our value. What's happening here is that it's not people who are confused about our value, it's us that is confused about our value when we ourselves don't know what is the problem that is being solved, how we're solving it, and who it's for, we start to feel kind of wobbly and shaky inside. Earlier in the chat, Jen said that the first call kind of gave, gave her a couple of revelations around where she's feeling wobbly in her own stuff. And that's okay. Just because you find wobbles in your expertise, it doesn't mean that you are not qualified to teach what you do, what it means. It is time to start being more intentional about crafting what it is that you do. So what leads to conviction, clarity and exactly what you solve and how you solve it. And I'm going to make a quick little asterisk note here on the integrity piece, because many people have developed conviction by following really sound marketing advice and by attaching their name or attaching their offers to what they think their People need. And this isn't entirely the their fault. This has happened because multiple people in the space, through programs and things that they've taken have been told that in order to make your offer or whatever, whatever service that you have put out there be in demand, you have to make it sexy and juicy for other people. Who's heard that? Drop, drop a one in the comments, if you've heard that, yeah, you need to make it you need to make it fit their needs. You need to make it something that they want.

Speaker 1  19:54
And so this gets confused with market demand, because listening to the market and building some. Thing of actual value and substance does not mean morphing your offers or morphing your expertise into what other people want. As a matter of fact, one of the biggest reasons why I got clients last year for messaging is because people would consistently come to me saying I have veered so far away from the actual thing that I want to say because either a business coach or a business program or something has told me that what I want to sell is not marketable, and I need to package it this way in order for it to sell. And so they could have created really nice sales pages and offers and everything, but because the integrity piece was not there, because they had packaged it as something that is really sexy and juicy and desirable. Nobody bought, and they're baffled, because their copy is great. Their offers are very direct. They've done all the launching stuff that people have told them to do, but the integrity piece is missing. And so when I look at someone's copy and it's perfect, or near perfect, I start questioning them, and I'm not questioning their expertise and their credibility here. I'm just questioning are the claims that you're making in complete integrity with what you are actively experiencing right now and again. This isn't to say that people are out of integrity on purpose. You know, we're not we're not here selling snake oil to people. Integrity simply means that you're making the claims in what it is that you currently have been able to achieve for yourself or for others. Repeatedly, I wouldn't be selling or I wouldn't be talking about selling without selling, and, you know, always having my offers be sold out if that wasn't something that I was actively doing or experiencing. If you guys look around the room, there's a lot of you in here, right? There's there's evidence for it, and I've developed the conviction in what it is that I do and what it is that I solve, because I've been able to repeatedly get this result for myself and for others. Kevin says I'm a direct response marketing brand nerd, and I'm getting a reality check. Yeah, many people have. I was actually speaking to an early a email marketer earlier, and he was saying, you know, nothing's working. And I'm like, Well, what's your offer? And he's like, Well, I help people market to their list and raise their open rates by 30 to 40% and I'm like, That's great. Do you have the data to back that up? And he's like, what data? And I'm like, Well, where did you come up with 30 to 40% where? Like, where did that number come from? And he's like, Well, that's just the sweet spot that will get people, you know, sold on it. Because it's not that. It's not, it's not that big of a claim. That's like, unbelievable, but it's, it's believable enough to get people to buy. And I'm like, okay, so you haven't actually proven that you can get 30 to 40% of an increase in open rate. And he's like, Well, I'm sure if I, if I get a few clients, I can. So do you guys see how the industry is inflated with claims and with things that? Again, I'm not saying that everyone's out of integrity, but it's just this belief that has been ingrained in us that we have to say things to get people and that's the one thing I want, want to get you guys out of is that when you have actual conviction, you don't need to make grandiose claims about yourself. It's, it's the conviction piece that will have people converted by like, 60% All right, next thing, a deep inner knowing that what you have to offer is valuable and needed. Again. This seems kind of obvious when I say it out loud, but you'd be surprised how many people I speak to who once I do a little bit of questioning all of a sudden, go, Yeah, but are people actually going to buy this? Do people out there actually see the value in this? And let me tell you right now, the moment you start doubting your own value is the moment that same energy is transferred through your content and to your potential clients. The moment you start thinking to yourself, are people actually out there who want to buy this? That's when your conviction just goes. Womp, womp, this is also partially why I am a very, very strong believer of starting with something that's just a minimal viable product, talking to people, putting yourself out there, asking for signals, doing talks, doing presentations, and allowing your brain and your nervous system to accumulate the evidence that people are out there looking for the thing that you are offering, if you nose dive into the industry and start marketing and selling and promoting your offer without first believing deep down that what you have to offer is valuable and that people are actually looking for it. It's not going to work. Okay? So a deep inner knowing that what you have to offer is valuable, and the belief that people are actually out there willing to pay for it. And then the last element of conviction. In is the unwavering groundedness in your own stance and your own approach, even if it goes against traditional methods. So a huge part of my brand was built off of being very contrary, and as you guys can tell from everything I'm saying against very traditional marketing tactics and very typical ways that people have been taught they need to market themselves. And let me tell you, if I allowed myself to be swayed by what the market was dictating, I would not be in the position that I am in today. So this is why I really want you guys to dig deep into the things that light you up, even in a negative way. What are things that you're being See, that you see being talked about, the things that you feel people have misconceptions on the you know, some of the beliefs that you see being shared amongst people and taking the time to actually write out your arguments against them, even if you don't post them. Right? When I say, we want to get into a writing practice, I don't want you guys to feel like you need to get into a habit of posting every single thought that comes to mind you can, but I want you to first develop that inner conviction within before going out and putting it without. So when you see something that you're strongly against or something that that triggers something inside you, I want you to get into the habit of writing out your thoughts about it. What was it about it that got you triggered? What was the emotion that came up? What is your counter to it? Why do you disagree with it? And in the practice of actually writing this out, you will actually get to practice deepening that conviction you have within yourself. Some of you have asked, How do you you know, how do you create polarizing content without triggering people, or how do you avoid getting backlash? Now we're going to be, you know, we're going to be covering that in depth later, but the one thing I want you guys to kind of take away from this is that the more deeply convicted you are, and the more deeply you stand firm in your beliefs, the less you care about the backlash that might come with what you're sharing. Being a thought leader is not just simply putting out content that gets a lot of attention or gets a lot of engagement. As a matter of fact, being a thought leader is quite the opposite. You are leading new thoughts, and oftentimes, leading new thoughts means that you are going against the grain. You are providing a new way of thinking. And providing a new way of thinking is often poking holes in the belief systems that exist within the masses. So what we really want to make sure that we do is that we first and foremost, get really strong in our stance, because once we have the conviction, so just to sum it up, so clarity and exactly what you solve and how you solve it, and having the integrity to only make claims that you can back up with your own experience, the second one was a deep inner knowing and A belief that what you have to offer is valuable, and there's people out there that are willing to pay for it. And the third element of conviction is unwavering, groundedness in your own stance and approach, even if it goes against the standard. Once you have these in place, it gives off a frequency that can't be faked. This is why sometimes when you read someone's content, it really hits home. It really lands with you, versus when you read somebody else's content, the words are there, right? We've all felt this like that. They're saying the right words, but there's something about the energy that is just not hitting right. And again, nine times out of 10, it's because the person has figured out how to say the words that they know are popular, but they're not necessarily practicing it, or it hasn't actually become a deep, embedded belief within themselves. They're saying it because they know that's what's going to get them the engagement. Or it's because it's something that they desperately want to become known for, but they haven't yet practiced it.

Speaker 1  29:24
This is also why, when I see people copy paste, copy pasting some of my posts or some of the comments, or, you know, whatever, I immediately have people messaging me, saying that they recognize my words and my tone, which is kind of crazy if you think about it, because it's like you somebody else can take the exact same post, and other people will recognize your energy behind it. That is what you want to create with your brand, where your voice, your tone, your way of doing things, is so branded and unique to you that other people can automatically tell when somebody else is not aligned with that frequency or take. It, and it's not yours. All right? Kevin says, why you're bringing up so much of my communication training from my past, I never fully carried over into marketing and branding. Yep. Well, here's your chance. Alright, let's get into the psychology of brand recognition and, more specifically, positioning. So this is going to feel a little bit like an evolutionary psychology lesson. We'll breeze through it really fast. Because I know you guys are not here to get a PhD in psychology, but you know, we want to, we want to make sure that we're setting the groundwork so that you understand why I teach things the way that I teach. So the way I want you guys to think about positioning is that it's actually an instinctual mechanism that we've developed. And the reason why is because, as you guys know, we take on and absorb an absurd amount of information every single day, and not just right now with marketing messages and stuff like our our brains, even in back in cavemen days, was taking on an absurd amount of information. And so our brains have adapted to save energy, to conserve decision making, and to be able to make really quick judgments and decisions. So we profile things. And the reason why we profile things is because it's an easy way for our brains to know what actions to take next without having to go through a million different questions. So positioning actually helped serve evolution by helping you instinctively predict what you can trust and what could potentially hurt you. I'm sure you guys have heard of heuristics. Yeah, Kevin, just put it in the chat right there. Heuristics? Exactly. These are mental shortcuts that we've created so that when we are presented with a stimulus or when we're presented with new information, our brains can almost instantaneously make a decision on whether this is a threat, whether this is a you know, something that we need to address right now. Is it important? Is it relevant? And so all of marketing is essentially heuristics. It's essentially understanding how to position yourself and how to craft messages that help you create that mental shortcut between your audience and the way that you're presenting your brand. So the analogy that I use that is often helpful is think of it as your brain's way of storing information into little filing cabinets that are labeled with an idea. So when the time comes to remember or to retrieve that information, it's easy for it. Now here's the caveat, and here's the thing that's interesting, when it comes to branding, you guys remember at the beginning of this call, I said you don't necessarily need to be known for one thing, but you do need to have a hook or an anchor point that people remember you by. And the reason for this is because we have unlimited capacity to file information under each idea, as long as that information is presented to us in a way that we deem relevant, memorable and easy to understand. Now, our brains have become a lot more sophisticated, and the information that we are being, you know, presented with have also become a lot more sophisticated. We've gone through millions of years of our brains adapting to our environments, and especially in the world today, we're taking on more information than ever before, because we have these little devices at our at our disposal that allows us to see, I don't know what the most recent, you know point is, but it's, it's like, I don't know how many 1000s of messages per every every second, anytime we're online. And so our brain is consistently ciphering through what is relevant, what is memorable, and what what do I need to pay attention to? And so this is where it becomes really important, with our positioning and our languaging, to know how to present what it is that we do and what we're about in a way that is relevant to the mind. Now taking it even one step deeper into the psychological aspect of things, and I touched on this a little bit last week, we don't want to be speaking to the neocortex of the brain, right? We don't want to be speaking to the logic. We don't want to be speaking to the facts and figures. We don't want to be speaking to some of the overarching theoretical things that will go over people's heads. This is why, when you say, I help you overcome limiting beliefs, there's multiple meanings that could be attached to that. There's multiple things that that could mean to people. It is not specific. Specific and relevant enough for their reptilian brain to go, oh, this is needed for survival. This is information that is vital to my well being. And so instead of saying, you know, I'm going to help you overcome limiting beliefs, we actually want to dig deep and ask ourselves what specific belief, or what is the result of that belief that is going to be relevant to this particular person? And we want to speak in terms that they understand what is the relevance to their day to day life. Because when we don't do this, their brains don't know how to file our name or our brand. We need information to be packaged and presented to us in a format that is easy for entry, storage and retrieval. Think of it that way. Your brain needs to take it in, store it and be able to take it back out, but when there's no significance attached to that piece of information, the file is just going to be lost. It's just going to be like thrown into the abyss of your brain, and it won't know how to retrieve it. So our jobs as brands is to make sure the message that we present to our audience is optimized for storage, or, sorry, for entry, storage and retrieval. This is how we make sure that we keep their attention and we keep their interest. Okay, so that was our little psychology training. It was oversimplified, but it's just for you guys to kind of understand what's to come after, you know, after understanding how our brains actually store information. So I want to get a little bit into positioning yourself and your work as top of mind, or, aka, how to file yourself properly. Because amongst the 1000s of brands and the 1000s of messages that people are being exposed to how is it that they're going to remember you? So people make decisions and remember things based on two kind of separate mechanisms. One is the relevance to something that they are going through right now. So they need to understand the tangible benefit, or the tangible relevance of the problem that you are solving. And we're going to get even deeper into this today, guys, I promise you, this is, again, just theoretical. I want you guys to understand the two mechanisms, but I'll help you narrow down what that thing is. The second is the emotion behind it. So one of the ways that you can make your message sticky or memorable is making sure that there's a strong emotion behind it. This is why, at the beginning of this call, I talked about how, you know, I don't really have a niche. I have a problem that I solve, and I have people who associate with my way of thinking, with my values, because it is my values that makes them go, ooh, this person is a friend. This person thinks like me. We are alike. We are a part of the same tribe. Mm, I have similarities with this person. I am emotionally drawn to this person, so you store me under whatever filing cabinet as someone that you resonate with and that you like.

Speaker 1  38:44
Now, both of these mechanisms work hand in hand when it comes to the retrieval and when it comes to remembering and being top of mind, most people focus too much on either or meaning what they do is that they become really comfortable with teaching people about their problem, right and how they solve it, so they go really, really deep into the problem, solution, type, content, their entire brand is like a walking encyclopedia of educating people on what exactly it is that they do, how they solve it, all of the things, which is fine, It actually works. People will start seeing you as a credible source. They'll see you as a trusted authority. That's all good. But remember, we're not just trying to become people who you know are selling information. We want to become in demand brands. We want people to come to us because they are sold on us as a person, or even if you're not a personal brand, they want to be sold on the entirety of the company. Why would they buy from one company over the next? And that's where the emotional aspect comes into play. So why is it that you do what you do? What are the strong stances you take against things in your industry? Yeah. You want to attach that emotional piece to it, because people need to relate to you as a human being. This is also a really big part of why I share a lot of pieces of my personal journey along entrepreneurship, immigration, like things that are absolutely out of the realm of what I solve for my clients, but people feel a lot more drawn to me as a human. So when debt, when done correctly, your audience should be able to identify and associate your brand with what you solve, who you solve it for, and what your unique essence is. Now, contrary to popular belief, you're actually not the one that positions yourself. It's others that position you. And again, I think this is another one of these big myths that we've been taught in marketing where it's like, well, I'm positioning myself this way. I'm positioning myself that way. What you need to remember that everyone's coming into the space with their own beliefs, with their own biases, with their own you know, thought processes, experiences like they're coming in with their own lens. And so just because you think that you're doing a good job of positioning yourself does not necessarily mean that they are filing you under the correct filing cabinet. So this is where we want to make sure that we're not just talking about the things that we like and that we enjoy, but we're making it very relevant to their needs, to their desires. And again, I said, this program doesn't really go deep into the messaging and the content aspect of things, but another reason why I see many people struggling to get clients or to stand out or to gain any sort of traction with their business is that they're hyper focused on the things that they want to talk about without speaking about it in a way that is relevant to their ideal clients. I'll give you a quick little example here. I was sitting at a bar by myself just a couple of days ago, and I don't drink, but I had ordered 24 oysters just to myself. So I was sitting there, and I was on my I was on my phone, and I had a notebook out, and I was writing things, and there was an older gentleman sitting next to me, kind of like looking over like, oh, he she's here. I'll all by herself, which I do frequently. And he was like, You look like you're hard at work. And I said, Yes, I actually am. I'm taking notes on something I'm working on. And he's like, that's cool. What do you work on? And I had to kind of explain why I teach marketing online, whatever. And he said, Oh, that's cool. And I'm like, Yeah, I specialize in messaging. And he's like, messaging? What's that? And of course, when you're not part of the online world, that's, you know, when we use the online world lingo. It kind of goes over people's heads. So I take a look at the magazine that he had opened. He was reading a magazine on his own, and the magazine said five benefits of infrared sauna. So I was like, Can I show you? And he's like, Sure. So I took my pen, I crossed out the five benefits of infrared sauna, and I said, you know, here's how to burn 500 extra calories with less than 20 minutes a day with no extra exercise. And I was like, which one of these titles would you or which one of these articles are you more likely to read the five benefits of sauna, or the how to burn an extra 500 calories 20 minutes a day without any additional exercise? And he's like, holy shit. So that's how you're demonstrating your expertise, and this is how you position yourself, because a lot of people position themselves as the five benefits of sauna, and there's nothing wrong with that, because people who are aware of why they might want to be in a sauna will will read it, and we'll be like, Oh, interesting. I wonder what the benefits are. But many people are not drawn to understanding the benefits of the sauna, because, again, the information is not really relevant to them unless they're already actively out there looking for the benefits of saunas. What they care more about is the underlying benefit, which I'm sure. I didn't even read the article. To be honest, I didn't even read even read what, what the, what the actual magazine said. But I know that, let's say, burning extra calories without exercise is something that is a top of mind desire for people. And so the way that I positioned that article got him to go, oh, I would definitely read that. So do you see how you are not positioning yourself? It's other people that position you. But is it is your job to display what the message is about your brand so other people are drawn to it. All right, let's move on. So now here's the part that kind of gets a bit tricky, because I often tell people I don't want to put you in a box, and I don't want people to feel like they need to fit themselves into this one category and become known for this one thing in order to be taken seriously. But here's the catch, people do need to put you into some form of a box, because they need to understand what you do and how. You are relevant to them. But the beauty of it is that box is something that you get to shape and define. So remember, I said, our brains store things in a filing cabinet, right? And that filing cabinet has some sort of label on it. So we need to make sure that we create a specific enough idea or label so that people are clear on which filing cabinet to put us under, because if there's no filing cabinet and if we're just a bunch of ideas, then their brains don't know how to store it, and their brains don't know exactly how to retrieve that information when it becomes important to us. So as personal brands, there's three domains that we need to cover for people to create that singular Association. I'm going to share my screen a bit because I have a graphic that's going to depict this really well. And this is oftentimes referred to as the like no and trust factor. This is, this is kind of you guys have heard that drop a one in the comments. If you've heard you know you'd have to build like no and try and trust. Yeah, yeah, awesome. Okay, so let me share this graphic with you guys, and it's going to kind of explain exactly how to create that filing cabinet for you. So this here, oopsie, there we go. This year, this is adopted from Aristotle's three modes of persuasion. So this isn't a graphic that like I've created myself. It's an it's an adaptation of Aristotle's methods of persuasion. There's three core things that allow us to store information now your message. So this middle piece right here, this is what you ultimately become known for, and later in today's call, you guys are going to see how to develop your psi, your prominent your prominent selling idea and your own able specialty, so that you actually get to create one core message, one core idea that you become known for. But how do we make sure that people file us under the right thing? The first one up here is the intellectual appeal. So intellectual appeal is making sure that our message actually speaks to a top of mind, desire or need. So going back to the sauna experience, or the sauna you know, little debacle that I had with the man with a magazine, all I did was take a message that was a little bit vague and add tangibility and intellectual appeal to it, because now that person understands the core tangible benefit of wanting to go into a sauna. So there's, there's got to be logic, reason proof. There's going to be some aspect of tangibility. Last week, we talked about your MPP, which is the most pressing problem. So when you do a brain dump of all the problems that you solve for people, what is the actual core thing that it comes back down to? So we want to have the the intellectual appeal for someone to go, yeah, that is a problem I'm looking to solve. And this piece right here, we're going to go even deeper into next week, when we're looking at demand, because it's one thing for you to know what the problem is that you solve. But then how do you position it in a way that's relevant to your people? Okay, the second aspect here is the emotional appeal.

Speaker 1  48:30
So do I like this person where this is the no factor of the like no and trust, this is the like factor. So what is it about this person's values stories? How is it that I relate to them? And again, the caveat here also is that this doesn't have to only be for personal brands. Any company can use this model, meaning, even if you are a product or a SaaS company, there's still the values, the bond, the emotion that need to be created with your audience, so that they understand exactly how to position you. And then the last piece here is the the ethos, which is the ethical appeal or the credibility. So we have the like, I'm sorry, the like, the no and the trust, the trust now falls into. How do I trust this person beyond the claims that they're making and beyond the emotional appeal that they have? What have they demonstrated to me in the form of their method, in the form of their process? How have they demonstrated their expertise and credibility in a way that I can trust? How can I see that this person has created a framework, a method, a solution or a mechanism that fits the problem that I want to solve and do I like what I see about them? Do I like who they are? Do I like the you know? That the values that they stand for. Because most of the time, we focus on just one. We either focus on only our mechanism and proving why our mechanism is best, or we focus on the problem and consistently harping on, here's the problem I solve, here's the problem I solve, here's why it's relevant to here's why you need to solve it. Here all the benefits you'll experience once you solve it. Or we focus too heavily on our emotional component of like, here's why you should trust me. Here's why, or not really trust me, but here's why you should resonate with me. And so we need to have all three of these components in order for that message to be filed under the right filing cabinet. Okay, so now our intention is for the rest of this call to actually be able to decipher what the what the components of that fine filing cabinet is. So let's get into the curse of the multi passionate because I'm more than willing to bet you guys are probably like, okay, great. But now, how do I how do I find what that idea is if I want to do so many things so how to be known for that one thing when you want to be known for many so here's what I want you guys to really understand. Brands are not just known for their accomplishments, their offers or their opinions. They are known for their category and their specialization. So category and specialization are two separate things, and we're going to get clear on them as we walk through this exercise. Being known for a category rather than a single topic is how you become known for a myriad of things without confusing your audience. Now I'm going to name a couple of a couple of names that you guys should recognize, and I want you guys to think about what comes up for you when I mention these names. Okay, so Maya Angelou, Jordan, Peterson, Andrew Tate Candace, Owens, okay, I'm gonna stop right there. Do you guys notice? First of all, do you guys recognize these names? Nod your head, yes, yes, we recognize them, even if you don't recognize all, I'm sure at least one of them, you guys know who, who they are. Notice how when I mention the names, the feeling that comes up for you guys, you can't put it into words. It's not a word meaning, can you? Can you mention what Jordan Peterson's I help statement is, or what his bio would be, aside from his credentials, right? Yes, he's a psychologist, yes, u of t, all of the things, but aside from that, what? What are his credentials? Right? Yeah, visceral for some Exactly. It's a gut feeling. It is not you can't it kind of like it goes. It surpasses words. It's not, it's not something that words can really define. And I mean, I can keep going with Oprah Winfrey, whatever, like I can keep going with names of people, but when you think about these people, you think about their category. Because if I were to ask you some questions about, where do they stand on certain political issues, where do they stand on women's rights? Where do they stand on you know, if I ask you a bunch of questions, you have the answers to these questions. And how is it that you have the answer to these questions? If these people aren't known for a single topic, right, when I mentioned Jordan Peterson or Andrew Tate, are these individuals known for just one topic? I'm sure if you're scrolling through your social media, you will see them talk about multitude of different topics, right? You'll hear, you'll hear them sharing about, you know, their their perspectives on religion, on politics, on relationships, right? So you'll, you'll hear them sharing a lot. But what will remember, what will help you remember them is the category. So it's the overall mental association we make between the name and the gut feeling that it gives us. And where does this gut feeling come from? Long term exposure to their ideas and to their content that creates what we call a frame of reference. Your frame of reference is essentially the filing cabinet that you put people under. And going back to that visual I just showed you, even though you guys might not know, like, what would I be paying Andrew Tate for, or what would I be paying Candace Owens for, there is still a frame of reference that categorizes who they are, what they stand for, and what types of people will be drawn to them. That is how you create a branded category and later in this call, and we might not get to the full extreme of it today, but what. Want you guys to really, really take away from this is that when you are building demand, you want to build demand for the brand, not just your offers. And this is one of the reasons why I'm not huge on, you know, getting really, really specific into your offer promise, or getting really, really into you know what the names of your offers are, what the key takeaways of your offers are, because if you guys think about what even got you into this offer, and I shared this on last week's call as well. I didn't really get deep into the promise the takeaways. I didn't do a week by week breakdown of what you guys are going to learn. Right? Much of it was done by speaking about the problem, sharing my perspectives, my ideas, and connecting with each of you as individuals. It was not done through selling you on the offer. So in other words, you guys were convinced, or I should not really convinced, but you guys were sold on my brand and what I stood for. You were, you were sold on the category of what I represented, not sold on the offer. In particular, many of you bought this offer without even knowing what you were getting yourselves into. Right? What that tells me is that you guys were sold on the idea and the concept behind it, not necessarily the details of the brand itself. Okay, so let's get deeper into how to actually create this frame of reference. So it's up to us to build that frame of reference by understanding. And this is, this is kind of where I'm going to get you guys to brain dump again, a little bit for homework. Is our positioning is not just a statement. It's not what we put in our BIOS, it's not a manifesto, but it's the ecosystem of ideas, feelings and attributes that we want to attach to ourselves. So if you guys had to think about that graphic in terms of the logical appeal, the emotional appeal and the ethical appeal, what was it or what would you be putting under each of those categories? Right? So the key here is that when you want to think about what you want to become known for, you want to find the nexus point between the ideas, beliefs, stanchion, stances, approaches and relevance to the problem. So here's some of the things I want you guys to think about. The first one, when you're thinking about how to position yourself in that realm or in that category, is when you think about what you actually do with your clients or for your clients, whether you actually have a clear scope of the offer or not. That's That's irrelevant right now. Just think about if I were to give you your most dream client right now. Can you help them frame the problem that they are facing in a way that they aren't even aware of? Can you help them gain a deeper understanding of where their problem is coming from? Why are they experiencing the day to day frustrations, challenges, struggles? Why are they facing those things? I

Speaker 1  58:23
so can you frame the problem in their mind? Can you explain their problem to them in a way that makes them go, Yes, that's me. You described it better than I can even describe it. Okay, that's going to be the intellectual appeal. That's going to be what was at the top of that triangle I showed you guys. The second thing is, do you have a branded concept framework or approach that you've architected? So in other words, when someone comes to you and says, I have this and this and this problem. And you say, Oh, I know exactly what it is that you need. All you need to do is blank. Do you have that? And it's okay if not. But I want you guys to start thinking a little bit about if I were to give you your absolute dream client right now, directly in front of you. And you know what their before and after a desired status. Do you have a way to facilitate that? And then the third component, which will fall into the emotional appeal is, do you have a new paradigm or a future that you're evangelizing with your solution. Can you show them that you have a better way of being, a better way of showing up in the world? Do you have a way to show them how their identity is going to be transformed? Do.

Speaker 1  1:00:00
And basically, what this one is asking of you is, are you clear on what the transformation actually is for your clients? What is it that they're going to attain? And this is where people get tripped up, because they start thinking to themselves, well, what is the promise that I can make? Right? Am I getting them to 20k months? Am I getting them to, you know, they start thinking about all the tangible things. I don't want you guys to think about the desirable, juicy, sexy, marketable outcomes that you provide for your people. I want you guys to think about who do they become, what is the actual transformation? And I'm going to share my example with you guys so that you can start thinking a little bit more critically about this. And again, like I said, this is probably going to be homework. I don't expect you guys to have all the answers to these right now. These are questions that I want you to think about, take home, really ponder, contemplate, ask people around you. But once you have clarity on these three things, this becomes your anchor point for your personal brand. This is, this is how you go from product centric to person centric. And by product centric, to person centric, I essentially mean that people are not no longer going to be coming to you just because of the product or the solution that you offer, but people are going to be buying into you as the entirety of the brand. They need to understand what you stand for. They need to understand what your methods and processes. And this is also the precursor to writing content that builds demand. I can't just give you some you know, proven template or framework and say, Make this post repeatedly, or talk about this topic repeatedly, and that's what's going to get people sold on what you do. People need to have a deeper understanding of what it is that you solve, how you solve it, and what is the future you're leading them to in order to categorize you as someone who is relevant to them. And when you finally have clarity on these three domains, that is when you can start talking about multiple topics and perspectives, and you know, opinions, different parts of your lifestyle, as long as you're tying it back to this core idea, and you won't lose people or confuse people by showing the multi facetedness of your brand, because people understand the context or the frame of reference of who you are. So let me walk you guys through an example of how I do this personally for my brand. So to answer the first question, How am I framing the problem in a new way, or how am I helping them understand the problem in a more in a better way than they themselves can understand it? So I'm taking on the problem of ego based marketing and moving people towards wisdom based marketing. So just that content, or just that that context of itself helps people categorize what their problem is. If you are not seeing traction with your business, if you are feeling like you need to make inflated claims in order to get results or in order to attract clients, chances are you are probably falling into the camp of ego based marketing, and what I'm going to help you do is move towards wisdom based marketing, because once you adopt wisdom based marketing, you're going to know how to build businesses of real substance that solve real problems and honor you as a whole human behind the personal brand, not just you as the product. So how am I defining their problem better than they can even describe it? They're looking for tactics, strategies, templates. What do I post? What do I say? And I'm saying, no, no, what we are doing is we are moving you away from ego based marketing. Do you guys see how I framed their problem? So I gave their problem a name, I gave it a diagnosis. I said, You are now falling into ego based marketing. We want to move away from that. We want to move towards wisdom based marketing, because that's how you build trust. That's how you build actual substance with your brand. Okay, number two, and so number two was, Do I have a branded concept or framework or approach that I've architected? Do I have a new way of doing things? And I say, yes. So I do this through my three pillar neuro brand, you know, or neuro branding approach. And a neuro brand is also a branded concept or an identity that I've created for brands that are looking to either be or have nuance expression, uniqueness, be uncopyable, relevant and omniscient, right? That's That's kind of like my five point acronym for what neuro stands for, aside from just the the psychology bit is, I'm helping brands that want to have nuance expression, uniqueness, be uncopyable, relevant and Omni serving. And of course, whether it's within this program or within my actual signature program, inside neuro message, I have architected. Specific tools that help you move away from I don't know what to say. I don't know how to you know present myself to actually helping you understand how to categorize yourself and how to speak about what it is that you do. And the last piece, have I now thought about a future that I can evangelize for my people? Yes, I see a future where brands no longer have to rely on scare tactics or desperate asks or urgency or push strategies for people to buy, but rather, by developing that deep sense of conviction within themselves, they can magnetize the right people and convert through authentic relationships, not hard selling. That's what I see. The future of branding and marketing is that people are becoming so deeply convicted in themselves, and have developed the skill of communication so well that they know exactly what they need to say to build authentic relationships with their people. They're no longer relying on, you know, cash grabs and big money wins and extravagant launches and hard selling to get people into their world. So with these three pillars in mind, I know what my brand actually stands for, and if you take a close look at the majority of my content, most of it pertaining to my business will tie back to one of these pillars, right? Most of what it is that I do or what it is that I promote, ties back to either how to move people out of ego based marketing. I build the case for my different pillars within messaging and brand building, and I talk a lot about my stance against taking you know or relying on scare tactics, desperate asks, urgency and stuff like that. Okay, I'm going to pause real quick before we keep going, and let me answer a couple of questions here. So Donna says wisdom based marketing. Love it. Yep, Jamie, this way we can show our expertise and be ourselves with less pressure to perform absolutely. Kevin, so to What part are you trying, tying back the other content topics, and how exactly can you clarify for me, what do you mean? You can unmute yourself as well if you don't want to

Speaker 2  1:07:18
type it out. Oh yeah. Okay, so you're talking about your immigration, you're talking about eating oysters and things like that. So I'm asking, like, when you're not talking about your business, specifically, how do you to what do you tie it back in those three examples that you gave in? How do you do that exactly?

Speaker 1  1:07:35
Yeah, great question. So those are components that are not directly related to what I do for business. So when we're thinking about what I'm talking about here, this is, how is it that people are going to categorize you within the context of what you do and what you solve for them? What you're talking about in terms of the immigration oysters, personal things that are going on, that is how I'm building and then within neuro message, I call this your peripheral message, because it's not directly tied to what it is that you solve for people, but it is how you build micro intimacy. So if someone absolutely loves oysters, that gives them an opportunity to be like, Oh, we are alike, because they're building subconscious intimacy with the different parts of my personality and who I am as a person behind the brand, not necessarily what I solve, but when it comes to speaking about the actual thing that I solve for people, and why is it that they would want to come to me as the expert in my space, these are the three components that they need to be clear on. Okay, so it's like there is your your core message, which is the actual problem that you solve. And why is it that people would come to you? That's what we're focused on right now. There's also your adjacent and peripheral message, which we're not going to get into your into for this program, because we're focusing on building the actual foundation of your brand awareness, not necessarily getting your message out there. Does that make sense?

Speaker 2  1:09:01
It does. But I'm trying to understand it's not just about the intimacy. It's like you're saying, If I'm multi passionate, for example, I can talk about different things and tie it back to my to the core pillars of my business. And that's more the question I asked about the oysters, because I thought it was the great example. But now what I'm saying is you're saying I can talk about different things that I don't know that I'm good at, that I enjoy whatever. Like, how do you tie it back in terms of, like, the multi, passionate side of things?

Speaker 1  1:09:32
Sure, so everything that you do or that you're good at, essentially, is either tying back to a skill set or a value set that you have. So if you are a multi passionate person that focuses, let's say, on direct response marketing, but then you also love talking about leadership, or you love talking about, you know, the different aspects of entrepreneurship and how to overcome some of the hurdles of entrepreneurship, those two topics are seeming. Be completely different, right? But what's happening is that you are showing people that that is your perspective that helps you do what it is that you do better. I'm going to show you guys a framework in just maybe a couple minutes. We're almost there on how to tie these different elements together. But what you want people to be able to file you under is the problem that you solve, and then you're going to have secondary messages or tertiary messages that help them deepen the understanding of the approach that you take. So within that three pillar triangle that I showed you, the intellectual appeal is focused primarily on what it is it? What is it that you solve, that you're good at? That is the problem that you want to become known for. But then when it comes to the trust and the credibility, that's where you can start talking about the different elements of what got you to think about the problem that way. What is it that helps you, let's say, solve the problem with a more differentiated approach, right? So even if you are talking about like leadership or mindset hurdles when it comes to entrepreneurship, although that's not a problem that you solve for people, they get to see, how is it that you're solving that problem differently than other people in your space? They're still building that intimacy factor with you.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:15
All right. Gotcha. Thanks. No problem. And

Speaker 1  1:11:19
what we're going to cover next, I feel like might help you a little bit with that, because I'm going to show you guys how to, like break it down, especially for those of you who are, like, actual multi passionates, who are starting businesses in multiple different domains, this is going to be kind of the exercise that you likely want to come back to for it. So while we're building this out, one of the things I want you guys to get clear get clear on is, are you an innovative or a disruptive brand? And here's the difference, innovative brands are taking something that already exists in the space, so something that people are already either exposed to or are already looking for and putting a more unique or better spin on it. Disruptive brands are when you're taking something that is completely new and disrupting an entire industry. So for example, Netflix was a disruptive brand because it was presenting the idea of streaming movies or streaming shows whenever you want, instead of being tied to your TV screen or instead of relying on going to Blockbuster and renting out a movie on a Friday night when you wanted it so it was disrupting an entire industry, and when Netflix first came into the space, they actually had to focus quite a bit on educating their audience on and raising awareness around Why streaming is the next big thing versus innovative brands, I would consider my brand innovative because what I'm teaching is not disruptive. It could be disrupting a paradigm, but people are already out there looking for marketing and messaging support. I'm not creating an entire new product, right? I'm just I'm packaging it differently. I'm innovating a new way of presenting my solution and helping people get results in a more innovative way. So essentially, what I'm doing here, with the innovation aspect of it, is that I'm taking something that already exists and I'm making it better. Hey, you want to make more sales, you want to position your brand differently, you want to be the go to in your industry. You don't need to be very loud, you don't need to focus on juicy sales. You don't need to focus on a lot of these things that marketers say, that you need to have here's my way, and here's how to do it better. And why it's important to be clear on whether you're innovative or disruptive is because this is how you start to get clear on how to find a way to tie all of your skills together. When I first started out, I wanted to find a way to tie together my skill in copywriting, marketing strategy and my passion for human behavior and psychology, some of my philosophical rants and my knack for like, creativity and innovation. But everyone was always telling me, like you can only focus on one thing, like, if you want to be a copywriter, you need to become known for copy. You can't go on philosophical rants, you can't talk about mindset like you need to be known for one thing, and the more you veer off course, the more you confuse people. Now I've learned with experience that people are actually more trusting of people with a breadth of knowledge, rather than the people who are just single minded. And this becomes even more important in the age of AI and in the age of you know, our expertise being easily replaceable, because what AI can't replace is experience. From multiple different domains that you get to pull experience from and bring it back down to one Korea or one specialty that you become known for. So I'm going to share my screen with you guys again, and I'm going to walk you guys through how this kind of can pertain to you guys. So let me just make sure I have my right screen up here. Yes, okay,

Speaker 1  1:15:32
okay, this is what we call T shaped brands. So breadth of knowledge and cross discipline, collaboration. So when you have a multitude of different areas of expertise, and I have an example down below that I can show you as well, you have basically multiple domains and multiple things that you are either an expert or you have experience and knowledge and wisdom in. Okay, you want to be able to take everything that you say you are good at and that you've demonstrated your knowledge and expertise in, and then ask yourself the question, if you had to find the nexus point that make you know that brings you down into one core skill set that people are looking to pay to solve, What would that be? What is the core discipline that you help people with that draws on all of the experience that you have from this multiple domain approach. And the reason why this is really important is because, in order for your brand to stand out and not just be the here's what I help you solve. Here's what I help you solve and just become known for this single way of thinking. In order for people to create that desire to want to work with you, they need to relate to how your expertise spans across multiple domains that make you better at this one thing. So let me show you guys an example of this. Let me see if I can make this a little bit bigger. Okay, can you guys see that? All right, so think about it this way, if your base knowledge here is research, communications, tech, design, people, skills, leadership. These are all the multiple domains that you have either some level of base knowledge or expertise or experience in. So you've created results. You've either gone to school for it, you're certified in it. There's there's some level of understanding that you have in these multiple domains. From each of these domains, you've probably created very tangible skill sets. You have tangible expertise that falls from each of these right? So if it's people, skills, leadership, design, tech, the core piece that you want to now become known for is if you were to combine and find the nexus point amongst all of the different base knowledge points and amongst all the different tangible elements of what you can solve, what would be the most relevant to your clients, because This is where we can create our primary brand differentiator, and then some of the secondary components that we become known for. Meaning, I can post a lot about philosophy and mindset. It doesn't mean that I actually have an offer about philosophy and mindset, but because I have this breadth of knowledge on philosophy and mindset and some of the other components that really make me different. I'm able to pull skills from critical thinking, curiosity, negotiation and persuasion, problem solving into what it is that I do with clients which has really helped them position themselves differently, create messages that resonate and allow them to stand out in their industry, so that they can create sales without openly, having to be openly, having to be salesy, or, you know, pitchy, in the way that they do things. So for you guys, I want you guys to start thinking about, what are the different levels, or what are the different domains that you would attribute to your skill set? What are the different things that you feel confident in being able to say, Yeah, I have a decent level of knowledge, experience, expertise, certification, whatever that might be as your base knowledge, and then pull what are the tangible skills, right? So if I say communications and PR and sales, what falls under that well, it's content creation, content curation, marketing, campaigning. These are the tangible skills that I pull from the baseline knowledge. And the more you can list out what these tangible skills are and what the baseline knowledge is, the easier you can start to funnel it to. Towards what is the one thing that becomes the most relevant to my audience? What is the thing that people would actually want to come to me for, to pay me for, but then, in my content and in the way that I present, what it is that I do I can show this breadth of knowledge to really position myself differently, because somebody else who also offer this might not have the complete depth of knowledge and experience that I have here. So again, like I said, this is, this is some of the the harder components of really getting strategic with what it is that you do, and making sure that you're not confusing people with how you know you're good at all of these things, but being very clear on how you draw on your experience and how each one of these elements make you better at what it is that you do. Okay, let's keep going here. Good brand positioning versus bad brand positioning. It all comes down to recall versus indifference. So remember when I was calling out some of those names, right? I said. Andrew Tate Candace Owens, you would think that bad brand positioning is if you have a negative association with someone. That is not necessarily the case. Bad brand positioning is when you felt feel in different to a brand. When I mentioned a brand name and it doesn't evoke any emotion in you, or it doesn't evoke any sort of response, because even a brand that you don't like, or even a person that you have a natural aversion to, I could argue that person has positioned themselves well, because if you have a negative reaction or a negative aversion to them, what that essentially means is that your brain has categorized them in the filing cabinet, cabinet of Do Not Disturb or do not pay attention to this person, or we do not like this person, right? So they still have positioned themselves. And how is it that they position themselves, their opinions, their perspectives, the problems that they talk about, and more likely than not, they're probably people that go against your values that go against the things that you stand for. So we want to make sure that when we're positioning ourselves well, good branding is about finding an idea that you stand for, find a way to own that idea in a credible way, and building trust with the way that you deliver that idea through consistent messaging. Okay, so we want to make sure that we have this anchor identity that we talked about up here, so that everything else that you talk about in terms of perspectives, opinions, skill sets, people can start to attribute it to. What is the thing that you're going to do for them, and whether they resonate with it or not. All right, let's keep going. We're getting closer to the end. This is where we're getting into a little bit more of the tactical stuff. Okay, so again, guys, your brains are going to hurt a little after this. I promise you, I promise you, it's going to be worth it. So here's why I say. This is why so many brands in my space today struggle, because they're so focused on convincing people of their products and services and why they're so needed and important that it keeps them in a cycle of using the same old language and strategies that they that everyone uses nowadays. So if you want to build a real movement right, a real movement around their brand, you want to make sure that you're memorable and emotionally appealing to the right people. So here's how we start doing this. We're doing a little bit of it feels like a bit of math here. Okay, so you want to craft your category before your brand, your message or your content. So here is how your brain files your brand.

Speaker 1  1:23:33
We start with a category of how is this person's category relevant to me? We move into domain and context. So getting even more specific of within that category, what is the domain of context? What is this person's specialty? And then what is the problem, the top of mind problem that this person will solve for me? So here is mine, and I've given a couple of examples that I've pulled from my own clients so that I can show you guys how this works. For example, I fall into the business and marketing category, meaning, if someone consumes all of my content, it is evident that I'm speaking about building an online business and marketing to some degree. But as you guys can probably agree with me, business and marketing is a category. It is not a specialty, right? Many, multiple people can talk about it. And again, even deeper now, because there's so many different domains that fall into business and marketing, it's like, what do you do? Build funnels, run ads, do email marketing. Is it, you know? Do you print pamphlets? Do you you you know, print billboards. Like, there's, there's so many different avenues within business and marketing. So my domain and context, again, this is where the brain starts getting more specific towards how to categorize you is ethical, slash attraction marketing. So much of my content talks about not needing to make asks, not meeting, needing to make CTAs, making sure that your marketing tactics are ethical is you know, your build. A brand of substance, a lot of that falls into this category. So when people think about parmese, they think about, Yeah, she does business and marketing. She talks a lot about ethical and attraction based marketing. Next, we want to get into the specialty. So coming back to this diagram, all the way up here, if I were to list out all of the things that I do, and all of the domains that I have expertise in, within branding, messaging, communication design, UX, you know, consumer psychology, if I pull it into Who is it most relevant to, and what is it that people would actually pay for that combines my expertise, it falls into messaging for personal brands, because within the context of copywriting, branding, positioning, sales, sales pages, all of these things, the core thing that my specialty comes back down to is messaging for personal brands. That is what I've been able to pull from this. And then the last component of this is the problem that is being solved for people. So what is the top of mind problem that as a result of my support with messaging for personal brands that falls within the domain of ethical or an attraction marketing that falls within the category of business and marketing, what am I actually solving that is the lack of clarity on how to get leads organically through content. All right, let's look at a couple of more examples that I've pulled directly from clients. So another example, big category of health and fitness, again, huge category, multiple different things can fall into this. For this client in particular, it's postpartum weight postpartum weight loss. Okay? So it's not just health and fitness for you know, gym goers, but specifically for moms that have just had a baby. What is the specialty that she does? Because once again, postpartum weight loss could also fall into nutrition. It could fall into street sleep and stress management. So what is her specialty? She does deep core and pelvic work. That is her specialty, that that's that's really kind of what she's focused on. Moms right after birth, how do they heal their core to, you know, make sure that they're getting back into the body that they they desire. So what's the problem? Getting rid of the mom pooch the right way? So making sure that your exercise is making sure that the way that you're you're structuring your gym routine is helping you actually heal from the inside out, and not actually making your postpartum fitness journey worse. The reason why we're doing this exercise, because some of you might be thinking, how is this relevant to my brand? Is because when we're getting into content and more specifically positioning with your content, the more specific and specialized you are, the more deeply convicted you can be in your stances. So mindset coaching, another huge domain, another huge category, right? It could mean multiple things to multiple different people. For this person in particular, it's productivity and high performance. And high performance for entrepreneurs, okay, so what's the specialty within that? Because, again, within productivity and high performance, he could be a nootropics person, he could be a, here's how to hack your schedule person. So what is the actual specialty, healing core wounds of worthiness? Okay? And what is that? How is does that have relevance to people's day to day problems, lack of satisfaction with their progress? So people who are constantly pushing and doing things out of a need to progress and out of a need to keep going and probably hitting burnout, what is it that is actually causing their issue? Well, it's healing the core wounds of worthiness. And the last example here relationships, again, huge category. It can mean multiple things. Specifically, this person is focused on dating for women. What is the specialty overcoming codependency and anxious attachment? So that's really the specialty that falls within the category of dating for women. Keep in mind, dating for women can could have been multiple different specialties as well. And what is the problem that is top of mind for her ideal client, always chasing the guy and never feeling secure in dating. So this is the mental process that your brain goes through to actually start storing that intellectual side right, the intellectual appeal of, what am I paying you for? They're not paying you because you're a productivity and high performance coach. They're paying you because you know that you have a lack of satisfaction with your progress. So we want to make sure that we're following this formula, overarching category. So what is the overarching category that you find yourself in, what is the specific realm and the domain that you fall into, the context that it's most relevant in, or the specialty, right? The specialty that. You can claim, and then the core problem that is being resolved as a result of the specialty of this domain. All right, let's keep going. We're almost done. Guys, I know I said your brains are going to be hurting, but we're almost done. So why do this? So our brains only remember things that are related to other pre existing categories and domains in our mind. So if we are actively looking to store information and to be positioned well, we need to paint a specific image of how you are related to what they already know. When people are in the market searching for a high performance coach or a relationship and dating coach or a weight loss coach, they already have preconceived ideas of what exists in the market. Remember I said, when we're positioning ourselves, it's not us that positions, it's them that positions. So the more specific that we can be with the specialty and the problem that is being solved, the easier it is for them to position us as why we are relevant and therefore remember us and help us become top of mind, and the second reason is because we make decisions based on what is closest to our values and our way of being. So in order to stand out, we need to create a connection between ourselves, what we offer and how it resonates with our problems and values. If you're only focused on talking about relationships and dating for women, because it's such a broad category, it doesn't hit on some of the very primal needs or the primal problems that are coming up for your people, the women who are stuck in cycles of codependency and anxious attachment when they hear you talking about the problem from their vantage point, you are no longer just a dating coach for women. You are speaking to the thing that they value and the thing that they are actively looking to solve. So this is why we want to get ourselves out of the general I help you overcome your mental blocks, or I help you you know date better, and get deep into the context and the nuance of what problem and specialty Are you claiming? Okay, the very, very last thing that we want to get to, here's an analogy I've used to help you guys understand the difference between having just a category, right? So just saying, I help you overcome codependency and anxious attachment. Because many people in this space, let's say, could say that many people can say, I can help you heal your core wounds of worthiness. So what is it that will get people to remember us in particular? The analogy I'm using here is a dinner plate. So the problem that you're known for solving is the protein of the dish, right? It's the main staple. So regardless of whether you're vegan, vegetarian, or whatever we're going to we're going to we're going to pretend that doesn't exist. We all need our protein on the plate. Okay, the sides and the complimentary additions are what amplify and add a personal touch to the dish to cater to different people's tastes. So some people might like steamed veggies. Other might be others might like creamed potatoes, yam fries, rice, whatever it might look like, but the core of what people come to you for is what we've just identified up here.

Speaker 1  1:33:08
What we want to now do is to add sides complimentary dishes that make people understand. Why would they want to come to us? So here's how we make it us your ownable specialty. So this is your differentiation. What really makes you different in your field is the problem that you solve. So the core message, or what I also like to call, your psi, right, the prominent selling idea, what's the main thing that you want people to be sold on, plus one to three brand amplifiers. And Kevin, to come back to your question as to like, how do I talk about the different aspects this might be, this might be a relevant solution to what you were saying here. So your ownable specialty, for example, mine, is helping brands clarify their brand identity and message, so that they build an authoritative presence that stands out and attracts customers organically. This is the psi, right? The prominent selling idea that I'm known for, this is what people come to me for, but multiple other people in my space can also make this same claim. So how do I make it ownable? I add brand amplifiers. So the brand amplifier number one is how I choose to show up and how I teach, because my teaching style might not resonate with everyone, right? So my teaching style stems from a Socratic method. I cultivate intimate groups where people groups of people, where I get students to ask themselves deep questions. I don't use templates blueprints. I don't believe in having the right strategy, and I don't believe in giving them the answers. So the Socratic method that I use allows my clients to come to their own solutions and use me as their guide, not become dependent on me feeding them the answers that might not resonate with everyone. Brand amplifier. Number two, I do this through teaching them the psychology of writing copy and content that hooks attention and creates intimacy with your audience. My six plus years is a done for. Copywriter has taught me how to use the power of words to build a movement and evoke desire from the right people. So I have some credibility in here, but most of it relies on this. Is how I'm helping you get the results, because somebody else might give you this same promise, but then their way of doing it is by, you know, launching a new offer every six weeks. I don't want to do that. I'm focused on writing Houghton content and copy that hooks attention. And then the last brand amplifier here is I have a strict selling without selling approach that emphasizes educating and enlightening your audience so that they naturally feel drawn to purchase from you without being pushed into it. So do you guys see how this is what creates the differentiation of Yes, I provide this result, but this is how I do it. This is my unique approach. And so if someone doesn't feel drawn to my way of doing things, they naturally disqualify themselves as a potential client because they don't resonate with my approach of doing it. And the reason why this is now my own able specialty, and the reason why I have such deep conviction, right? Going back to what we talked about, the reason why I have such deep conviction in what I do is because I've identified the values, the approaches and the end result that I am providing my clients. It's no longer just I help you clarify your brand identity, because multiple other people can do that. I'm owning it by anchoring it into those three questions I got you guys to ask yourselves earlier. So what is the way that you're solving the problem? How do you are you, you know? How are you framing the problem in a new way? What is the method or the approach that you're using with people, and what is the future that you're evangelizing? What is the future that they get to see while working with you, what's your unique style of being able to facilitate that transformation. Okay, let me stop my share right here. Okay, so how are we feeling? First of all, and if overwhelm is the answer, that is totally fine. I'm like, I warned you guys at the very beginning, you want to make sure that you're you're coming back to this and you were thinking, I need a nap. Yeah, I don't blame you. So and again, guys, we're trying to cram like a whole brand building thing within like five to eight weeks. So keep in mind that brands are developed over time, meaning everything that I just shared with you guys, of what I came up to this is not something I also just, you know, discovered or came to within a matter of a couple of weeks. It has taken years of iteration to get clear on what actually creates differentiation, because my biggest issue in the industry was coming from a place of people being like, what's different? Oh, your personal story. Just share your personal story. That's your differentiation. Or, Oh, just make an acronym and slap your name on it, and now that's your differentiation. I realized that many of the strategies that are being taught were extremely surface level. And I'm going to be honest with you guys again, people call me the angel of death when it comes to most brands, most people who do not think about their brands at this level and depth will be wiped out in the next couple of years. And I mean that only because it's not that the market has just become saturated. It's because people have become extremely savvy and sophisticated in how they are making purchasing decisions. This is not 2018 and 2020 anymore, where people can just come into your program because you're saying, I help you overcome your limiting beliefs and reach joy and potential and love and prosperity. And people are like, Oh my gosh, here's $10,000 Gosh, here's $10,000 you need to get even deeper with the problem that you solve, how you solve it, and what is the way that you do that, in a way that is sustainable. So even if you're looking at this being like, Crap permits this is really hard. Good, because if you're not willing to do the hard, then I say, go get a job. You're not cut out for business, especially in this economy, you are not cut out for business. So I want you guys to take what we talked about today and go back to it. This is not something that you just learn on a single session and then say, okay, great, I have my category figured out. This is going to be an iterative process. You're going to consistently be going back to what is your category? What is your sub category? What is the actual problem that people want to have solved? You're not just a health coach, right? You are a health coach that helps solve a very specific domain of problems with a very specific specialty. So this is what I need you guys to really meditate on, contemplate and create a little bit of time and space throughout the week. You know, besides just getting on these calls to really understand, what is it that makes you different? And again, if you guys succeed at this, whether it's within the the context of this container or. Not like you have lifetime access to this. You're going to be coming back to it time and time again, if you have the ability to get down to the crux of what is the problem, what are the values? What do you become known for? What is the process? This is what creates a business and a brand that will live on. It will it will be sustainable. It is not just something that is trendy. It is not just something that will sell because it's it's all the hype and following, you know, what the demand or the market is. You really, really want to get deep into the category, the niche which we're going to cover next week, the specialty, and really developing that conviction in yourself. And again, for those of you who have messaged me around the conviction, piece of like, how do we actually create conviction from a place that it's not just I'm following, you know, I'm following what other people are saying, or I'm saying what's popular, or I've put together this offer that I'm proud of. It's in doing this hard work. The harder you work at your brand, the more convicted you become with it, the more deeply you think about the solutions that you offer, the more convicted you become with it. I call myself pretty unfuck with a bull in the industry, not because, again, not because I've just developed this confidence overnight. It's because I've done the deep inner work to come to these strategies, to understand what is my unique factor. When someone attacks the way that I do my selling, it doesn't bother me. It just bounces off of me because I've, I've done the work to know it works. Okay, so I know this was a lot. I'm going to let you guys have Hold on. Let me see if I can turn my camera on for this. We're at the end. Yes. Okay, I'm here. I'm I'm a person. I want you guys to take what we did, meditate on it. List out names. List out things that you have felt that really spoke to you from today. List out some of the ideas that came to you. And also get really clear on the things that were not clear to you, because the things that you feel solid on, that's not where you're going to have your biggest breakthrough in the program. It's the stuff that you're like, I have no idea what she just said, and I have no idea how this relates to my brand. That's what we want to get clear on for ourselves. So list out the different components you guys are going to have access to this recording and to the document that I shared my screen with Russia says, first thing is watching the replay. Yeah, watch the replay as many times as you need. We have a Q and A session on Friday that is your opportunity to sit down with everything that we talked about today after it's marinated and digested, and bring specific questions on how to make this relate to your bread. And keep in mind we're only on week two, so we still have to go through market demand. We still have to go through creating your process. We still have to go through offer creation. So if you have questions that you feel might be answered later on, I might tell you to wait, because we will probably be able to answer them at a later time, depending on you know what the context of your question is. Bushra says what time on Friday, so I on it is, I believe, at 2pm eastern on Friday, which is February, and February, October 11.

Speaker 1  1:43:06
Yeah, you will have an email so there will be a an email reminder that's going out. There's also a Facebook event in the group that has the the time and the date, and you should have access to the link. The link is the same, by the way, for all of our calls guys. So in case you're looking for the next link, they're the same link. Put it in your calendars. There's also a calendar where you can sync your calendars with what you know, sync your calendars with with the times the calls. But yeah, we have our first Q and A session. So if you feel that you have something from today, you can either post it in the group that you're like, it's burning. I need to get the answer to this right now. Or if you want to allow it to kind of marinate, digest, and bring it to the to the call on Friday, would be happy to answer it. Then Sadie says, How long is the session? It's 90 minutes long. So it'll be from 2pm to 330 Eastern time. Okay, and how do we get on the list for Friday, first come first serve? Yeah, good question. So I have a Q A thread inside the group, and after this call I will, I will repost it or tag you guys in it, so that you know where to drop your questions. It is a first come first serve based on which questions are dropped in that particular Q A thread. So if you've dropped a question there, I'll be answering it. If we have time, by the end of the 90 minutes, I'd be happy to open it up for open Q A but I typically like people to have their questions dropped in there so that I have time and I can kind of gage how many questions are. Are there to be answered, so that I can give you guys a proper answer. All right, will you answer questions if we can't be there? Yeah, of course. As long as your question is dropped in the thread and I have access to it prior to the call, I will answer it, and you guys will have access to the recording afterwards too, so you can you can see it. Amazing. All right, any final comments, feel free to unmute yourself. If there's any final comments or anything that has come up for you guys that you feel like you just need to get off your chest right now. Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:45:00
Can I just say something absolutely go for it, and I'm just going to sort of share what I'm feeling so I was a teacher for more than 35 years. I was at the top of my game as a teacher, and now I feel like I'm at the very bottom. Now I like I feel like I am. I don't know anything that's good. Oh well, it's I just I feel totally inadequate. That's how I feel.

Speaker 1  1:45:31
Here's the thing, Marsha, it is not inadequacy. It is practicing a skill and strengthening a muscle that has not been used yet, anything. And I said this at the beginning of last week's call, and I made sure to repeat it multiple times. Anything that you guys are doing for the first time is going to feel heavy. It's like going into a gym and trying to lift 300 pounds the first time you're there, you're going to feel completely inadequate. The way that I teach and the way that I create content is done in a way so that it makes you think deeper and develop a skill set that is not common knowledge. It is not just easy to grasp the ability to come up with branding and messaging that speaks to the minds of the right people and creates demand transcends what content does, it transcends what typical marketing teaching is telling you to do, and so this will feel hard. And I gave that caveat at the beginning of this, this call, this is going to feel hard because the way that you've been taught to market position, brand, create offers, sell, I'm flipping your whole world on its head. And that's why I even said, many of my clients come into this being like, I don't even know if I'm fully equipped for it. That's good. This is just the beginning of the journey. I'm prompting you guys with questions to think more deeply about what it is that you do, how you do it, and hopefully, by your end of the end of the time that we have together, you've developed enough conviction in yourself to say, You know what? This was brutally hard, but now I have the conviction and know what makes me different than other people in my space?

Speaker 3  1:47:03
Like I feel I made a comment in the chat. I feel like I'm back in grad school. Good.

Speaker 1  1:47:08
That's how I want people to feel. That's why I've started an academy and not a coaching program. I don't even identify myself as a coach. I really don't. I don't identify as a coach. I don't compare myself to other coaches in this space. And again, it's not because I have this sense of grandioseness of like being better than anyone. I just know I'm different. We don't want to be better. We want to be different. And the way to create brands that stand out in today's economy where people are extremely, extremely discerning between who they're listening to what they're buying into. And I even talked a little bit last week about the great cleanse right where so many people got wiped out in 2022 to 2023 many 678, figure brands, it did not matter how successful they were in the space, got entirely wiped out. This, you know, completely dislodged. Their whole teams let go a bunch of offerings that were making six or seven figures. The reason why is because they had not done this work. The stuff that you guys are learning today is the stuff that you need to be doing in order to be sustainable. This is the stuff that, like I said, most people skip over and get to the sexy stuff. They want to know what the content is to post. They want to know how to launch their new offer in a way that's really sexy and brings in demand. It's not that that's going to bring in demand. It's you feeling convicted and differentiated in this in this place, multi billion dollar companies hire other branding and research and development companies to come in and do this work. This is why people spend years in R and D and doing market research and focus groups. This is the type of stuff that creates brands that are actual movements and not just built on hype. So of course, it's going to feel hard. It's going to feel like you're back in school.

Speaker 3  1:48:46
Yeah, I'm a junior kid. I'm in daycare. Good.

Speaker 1  1:48:51
I'm glad. I'm glad not not only are you guys learning branding, but it's actually helping the the mental circuits like really, really fire the right way. Thank you. Of course, not a problem. Amazing guys. Alright, so I also think this work will go behind beyond copy and content. I think this is a selling without, yes, exactly. And there's, there's like these little micro lessons that I want to drop into the group. You'll see me dropping them because I feel like it just again, it transcends what we're able to cover on just the context of one call. As you guys see, this has been two hours, and we've covered a lot of ground together, and we're barely even scratching the surface. There's, there's a lot of beliefs I want to start instilling with you guys about what actually makes content and copy different. It is not about, you know, what to say. It's very little to do with the actual words, and it's so much to do about, like, the essence behind it, and what it is that you're what it is it that you're communicating? What are you becoming known for? What is it that people feel drawn to you about? So as the weeks go on, or as the days go on, I'm going to be dropping into the group and kind of creating like little micro lessons for you guys to bite on or chew on based on some of the questions that. Have been coming in, but I want you guys to really start thinking about your marketing and branding differently, and that's why this is hard. So don't feel discouraged. Don't feel inadequate. It is simply you going into the gym for the very first time and trying to do a multi 100 pound deadlift. That's why it feels heavy. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai