Speaker 1  00:12
All right, I have a lot to go through with you guys, and I'm excited because it's one of those calls where it's going to be a lot more practical in the sense that now that you guys have kind of absorbed some of the principles of building a strong message and understanding the reasons why people make decisions and the reasons why they buy into certain individuals versus others, what I really want to do is to help kind of create that tangibility around what is it actually that you are wanting to put out, and what is it that your audience needs to hear in order to start seeing you as an authority? So obviously, as you guys know, we're doing this authority challenge, and by the way, you guys have full, you know, creative control to do whatever you wish to do with that. As I said in one of the comments on Facebook, I don't want you guys to feel pressure to have to create content. And I've said this before, anytime content is coming from a place of needing to be consistent, or feeling like we need to put something out, otherwise we're going to be left out. Otherwise the algorithm is going to kind of leave us behind. That sort of content does not convert. So the prompts that I put out, I really, really invite you guys to sit with them and really ask yourself, Does this prompt spark something within me? Does it spark an idea? Does something come up that makes me feel like, yeah, that's that's a topic I want to talk about. Does it spark a bit of insight that you feel would be valuable for someone in your audience to learn and to know about so I want you guys to take the ones that really speak to you and write about those and to go hand in hand with that as well. The second component of this authority challenge that I'm running is that I want to make sure that you guys feel like you're giving adequate time for ideas to develop meaning. I might post a prompt today, and it might spark a quick little spark of insight or inspiration, but it might not yet be ready to come into fruition. So I invite you guys to have a folder or have a something in your notepad, whether it's in your on your laptop or on your phone, to kind of be able to jot down these ideas, and if they don't feel like they have fully formulated in your mind yet, to not take action on it right away. Sometimes I go through what we call these, these creative pregnancies, as I call them, is where you have an idea and you know that it's coming, but it hasn't fully taken the form meaning, perhaps there's an experience, or there's a moment of insight, or something else that needs to come about to really help you fully formulate that idea. An example of this is the post I put out on, I believe it was on Monday, about the girl that approached me in the nightclub. That was another really wildly spread post. But what was interesting about it is I felt like I'd been wrestling with that topic or with that idea for the past, like four weeks, meaning that that post wasn't something that just came to me that night. I've been thinking about and gestating this idea of, why is it that we have social media content all wrong, or why is it that I'll look at how other people teach content marketing, and it really doesn't land for me. And it wasn't until that moment on Saturday that someone approached me and told me why they consume my content that all of a sudden everything clicked. So all the way up into that point, I had been judging myself for procrastinating on this post, or, as Shamika said a few weeks ago, she's like, Does anyone else feel like you just have a bunch of like, half thought out posts that haven't fully been created? So it wasn't until that interaction that it finally clicked for me, and I actually wrote that post sitting in the corner of a nightclub. So and it just flowed out of me. It didn't feel like I had to force it. It didn't feel like I had to think about it. I was just like, oh, excuse me for a second. I'm going to go sit at the bar because I really need to get these thoughts out, because that's what parmese does at nightclubs. So So I sat there and it just flowed out of me. And when I posted it, it didn't come with the intention that, like, Oh, so many people are going to read it, or, oh my god, it's going to get so much attention. It was just like, this is the thing that needs to be said right now, because this is what feels like it's It's burning. It's been coming to fruition for so long. And I finally posted it, and I got an amazing response. I think I've got 30 DMS from Monday until now, with people saying that I've had this similar idea. I just didn't know how to put it into words. So thank you for putting it into words. So another example how authority does not mean to does not mean consistency. It does not mean having to take action on on ideas as quickly as possible. It's simply a way for you to be able to take these moments of insight, sit with them, and allow them to fully take form. So when they do come out, they don't feel like you are forcing it. It doesn't feel like you're mentally constipated, right? We have those moments where we sit down and we're trying to write, and no matter how much we're straining, it's just like the ideas are not coming out. It's not the time for it to. Come up. So allow those that time for it to to gestate, allow the sparks of creativity to actually grow into further bits and pieces of inspiration. All right, so, so with the authority, kind of the challenge that I'm running, hey, early, welcome, like I said, You guys have full creative authority to see when you want to take action on them and when you don't, so allow them to develop as needed. And what you will also see is that I'm going to be giving you guys a variety of different prompts that allow you to kind of tap into some of those stories and tap into parts of your expertise that you perhaps didn't even think were important, or perhaps you didn't even think would be relevant for your audience, and so I've had a couple of DM conversations with a few of you who you've said, like, Oh, your prompt really sparked this idea for me, but I don't really know how this fits into my brand, or how this fits into the overall message that I'm trying to portray. So I'm going to teach you guys a concept that I've been working on for the past month or so, and it still hasn't fully formulated yet, but hopefully, by just showing you guys the diagram I've come up with, it'll help you guys see how it fits into the bigger picture. And the question, or the challenge that I was tackling with this specific model that I've created is exactly that it's I have this idea, I have this thing I want to talk about, but I have no idea how it fits into my content pillar. So I have no idea how it relates to my brand. So all of you are here because you are personal brands, right? And we know, because we've talked about this in great extent, that as personal brands, it goes far beyond just what you do. It's who you are in the process of that. And because we are multifaceted, multi dimensional human beings, it's very limiting to think that just because you have this moment of insight, or just because you have this idea, it somehow has to tie back to the actual thing that you do or the problem that you solve in order for people to take you seriously. So I want to kind of shift that perspective and allow you guys to use the full scope of who you are, the knowledge that you have, the experiences that you have, the insights that come to you. And hopefully, by presenting this model, you guys will see how it all fits in together. Okay, so that's one thing I want to go through. The second thing is a question that Sheena had posted, and I think I had given her, like, a essay length answer for how I think she should go about it. But I realized that she's not the only one who's had this question, and so her question, I'm going to morph it a little bit to be a little bit more parmesified, but essentially, I want to help you guys see what are the two types of educational content that is super important for you guys to regularly be posting or regularly be at least thinking about, and how to form them, or how to structure them in a way that actually demonstrates your expertise without the coach speak, because that's where most people get tripped up. And as I've always said, learning how to write effective copy or even content in general, it's like learning a new language. It's almost like, you know, in toddlerhood, and I've used this analogy with some of you before, in toddlerhood, where, like, you have something you want to say, but you can't say it, so you get really frustrated, and you, like, throw a tantrum, or some gibberish ends up coming out. That's exactly what happens when we're trying to learn copy. It's like we're back to toddlerhood, and we have this feeling, we have this thing that we want to put out there, but the language that we're using is not the language that the adults or our clients will actually recognize. So hopefully, Sheena can answer that question a little bit by getting a little deeper into how to think about the topic that you're thinking of and how to formulate it into a hook or a headline or a topic that actually is kind of emotionally relevant to your audience members, all right. And then the very last thing I know, a couple of you had submitted some landing pages and and sales pages that you wanted me to review. So I'm happy to do that on this call. But before we even get into that, I want to give you guys a brief little structure of if I had to write a landing page in a day, or if I just had a couple of hours to get a sales page out, and it's, by no means has to be perfect, but it's just an offer that I created, and I'm like, this needs to get get out there by tonight. How would I think about structuring that sales page? And hopefully by giving you guys this formula, anytime you think about a new offer, or even a new offer post, it gives you a little bit of flexibility to know where, like, what needs to be said in what order, and whatnot. All right, okay, let's get into it. So as you guys know, I get very arts and craftsy. So I'm going to show you guys a diagram that I that I drew out, and then I'm going to explain it to you guys. You guys all see this here

Speaker 1  09:33
kind of complicated, but I'm going to try to break it down. So this is a graph that I've created, and if you look at the two axes, I've got trust up here and connection down here, which are the two primary, or main ingredients of having a personal brand that attracts clients, is that people need to trust that you actually have a solution that is going to help their problem. They're going to trust that you're. Incredible enough or that you're competent enough to actually help them with that problem. And they need to actually be connected to you. They need to resonate with your way of doing things. They need to feel like you share the same values. They need to feel like you actually have the mindset, the beliefs, the value system, the philosophies, the perspectives that coincide with the way that they think about things. The example I sometimes use is that we could take something super tangible, such as, like, I'm going to help you reach your first 100k months, and you can have two different coaches that have that same message or have that same promise, which you're going to get to 100k months, but one coach is going to do it by going live every day and cultivating a massive community and running ads, and really kind of doing all these, like extroverted type things. And so the end result is going to be getting 100k months. But you have the second coach over here that perhaps is not thinking about going live, perhaps doesn't run ads, perhaps looks at cultivating a very small community, perhaps, focuses on not using calls to action in their in their posts, and you can ultimately get to the both, to the end result, which is 100k however, the way that these two people do it will resonate with certain people more than others. And so when we're thinking about our personal brand, or when we're thinking about building connection. This is why I really, really want to make sure that you guys understand it's not just about the end promise and making your promise super compelling. It's also showing people and demonstrating to them how you're going to get them there so that they can make a decision on whether they actually resonate with your way of doing that. I had a private client two weeks ago, who said that she went to this amazing mastermind, and they were teaching them how to do launches, and you know what the different launch structures and stuff are. And she said that this specific coach that was running the mastermind had a very, very specific and rigid structure to doing their launch. And she was very adamant that nobody veers off course, like everybody, follows the launch with the exact number of posts that she recommends, with the exact number of emails following the same topics that she talks about. And even though this is a very I mean, I'm sure she's done it time and time again, and I'm sure there are people that will follow the structure and end up getting great results, there will also be a subset of people who really don't resonate with that. And so my argument with that type of launching is that it might work for you if it actually resonates with your natural, energetic blueprint of how you want to show up, if it's too far from how you self identify, or how you come up with your your content, or how you like to present yourself online. It doesn't matter how proven that strategy is, it's not going to work for you, because it's not who you are. It's forcing you to be somebody else in order to get your marketing to work. And we don't want you to do that. Okay, so back to my diagram, so we've got trust up here and connection down here. Now there's three types of messages, and I'm going to go deeper into them so you guys understand them. But when we talk about messaging, we often times think that I need to have one message, and that becomes my core, core message, and that's the only thing that I talk about. And if you guys pay attention to messaging, people on social media, they say that you need to have this one message and you need to repeat it time and time and time again in different ways in order for that message to stick. And I've even said that in the past, but I've since refined this process of messaging a little bit more. So yes, there is a core message which is at the bottom, or I would say, at the center of what your kind of personal branding diagram actually is. Your core message essentially answers the question, what do you do? So what is it that you actually do for people? And if you think about me, let's say my core message is that I help people become more effective communicators, because I believe that the core of every brand, the living, breathing part of every brand is a person or a message that delivers with potency. It's not the best product that gets the most sales. It's the product that is the best articulated. And so a huge part of my mission, and the huge part of the problem that I solve, is that I help people, including you guys, learn how to articulate the value of what you do, and so everything that I talk about at some point will come back down to this core message, because this is the problem that I solve for people. So now I want you guys to take a moment, and I want you guys to start listing out the problems that you're solving for people, because it's going to take a little bit of practice to be able to bring it back down to just one core problem. We might get a little bit fluffy with it until. We're able to land it on something that really sparks passion within you. You might say that you're healing shame, you're helping people rewrite their narratives, but as I said in my day one prompt for authority, August, I want you guys to get used to asking yourself the question, what is the actual problem that I'm solving.

Speaker 1  15:25
Let me give you guys a minute, and anything that just comes to mind, I want you to write it down, and we're going to come back to this.

Speaker 1  15:39
And it's okay if you get a little bit coach speaking with this, because we're going to clean it up. Okay?

Speaker 1  16:11
Another prompt that might help with this is, what do you want people to know that you can do? What

Speaker 1  16:28
what is it that you solve? What is the burning gap in your industry that you saw

Unknown Speaker  16:35
that you wanted to fulfill? I give you guys 30 more seconds.

Speaker 1  17:02
Does anyone want to share a couple of theirs, or even brainstorm how to distill it down?

Speaker 2  17:13
I don't mind sharing mine. Yeah, of course, go for it. So some of the problems I solve, and I've got quite a few here, and I guess that's where I get very confused as well. Well, good. So the first one I solve is that women can get back into their feminine energy so that their husband is attracted to them again. How to communicate with their husband, or any male, effectively inspire his masculinity, bring back the spark to your marriage and balance your own masculine and feminine energy. Okay, love it now with each of these,

Speaker 1  17:58
what would you say is the core issue why they couldn't do that on their own. So,

Speaker 2  18:11
so this is where I never know if I should bring this in into my messaging. Okay? Because I feel like it's too coachy, that's okay. Let's get into it. What is it? Okay? So it's usually due to having maybe attachment issues, childhood wounds, like childhood related so okay, hold on. Let me actually go into my own methodology. So what I would do is help them, usually with the attachment style and anything related to confidence and actually being able to understand why they were pushed into their masculine energy, maybe from a young age. So working through all of that is what, where I would help them, but I never talk about that in my content, because I just feel like it's just too much. It's not fun. Who wants to learn? Okay?

Speaker 1  18:59
I love that. I'm going to come back to this, because as I go into the second part of this call, where we're talking about getting into some of the hooks and the headlines and the types of educational content name, I think this is going to be like revolutionary for your message, because one of the core principles that I'm going to teach you guys today is not just talking about the end outcomes of what people will get once they work with you, or the surface level problems, but how to gracefully talk about the surface level problems that the person will resonate with, and how to tie it back down to why they are feeling that way. So to me, your core message, or the part of your diagram here, right here, does actually talk about the attachment issues, because even though to you, that's coach speaking, and it can get coached speak you if we start using some of the terms, like, you know, attachment styles and some of the childhood wounds and stuff, not everyone might know that they. Have that problem, however, they will resonate with the experiences that led to them developing childhood wounds or developing security issues or or attachment issues. So for example, if you talk about how perhaps anytime as a child, you expressed a need, you were minimized, or you were ignored, or anytime you wanted to show emotion, you didn't feel safe to do so these are all very tangible things that people will resonate with and will be like, yeah, that was me, and if you tie that to this is why, right now in your relationship, you are unable to voice your needs, or maybe you walk around eggshells with your husband. Or perhaps you take control of everything, because growing up, you were the one that always had to control everything, and you couldn't trust that somebody else could actually come in and take care of you, and in turn, this is now affecting your receivership. That is a huge part of your message, and people will resonate with that, but there's a way to do it, to make sure that you're not confusing your audience or overwhelming them, but allowing them to see how some of their patterns are actually or some of the patterns that they've accrued from childhood is the reason why they're unable to experience the marriage or the relationship or the femininity that they want to today, right?

Speaker 2  21:19
Do you know what? That's crazy, because I've literally written a post that is speaking about exactly what you said. I was like, Oh, should I post it? Okay, I'm not sure, but I think I'm just gonna go ahead and post it, because it literally speaks exactly what you said about not being, like, being able, like, basically what you said in a less parm easy way. Yeah, my next thing is that, you know, the other thing I'm worried about is, imagine if I talk about a certain situation, like, maybe the reason why you're unable to receive from your spouse is because you are made to push your way through university, pay your way through this and that at an early age. Then imagine if I get somebody who joins my program, but I'm not actually like, I know that's the reason, but imagine if I don't directly address that in my methodology, then I almost feel like, okay, because just a bit of context, I do group coaching, I have a set methodology, and it's more like, yes, we do a little bit of inner work. Yes, we do, we touch up on some of these things, but we don't go deep into every single reason why somebody may be feeling a certain way. So sometimes I'm like, Oh, I don't want somebody to join thinking I'm solving that problem. So that's where I get a bit confused as well. Yeah,

Speaker 1  22:30
and I think sometimes this could be a bit of a mindset thing that we were afraid of promising something that we're not going to deliver on. However, the way that I like to reframe that is the tools and modalities and things that you'll go through throughout the group program, even if it's in a set framework. Would you say that equips them with the knowledge or with the deeper understanding to be able to understand why, at least they have developed certain tendencies, or to be able to look back and be like, Ah, I now see why I have such a difficult time receiving from my husband, because I was faced with blah blah, blah, blah, blah growing up. And even if you're not going deep into it with each individual, what you are doing, I'm assuming, through teaching and through your group program, is you're equipping them with the tools to be able to handle that, or at least do some of the digging on their own. Yeah,

Speaker 2  23:21
yeah, that is basically what I do, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  23:24
That so you're not necessarily promising individual results, but that's kind of the same as me saying I'm not necessarily going deep into each and every one of your businesses and writing your messaging for you, but I'm giving you guys the tools, the resources, the strategies and the support, to a certain extent, to help clarify that message and understand how to best articulate

Speaker 2  23:47
it, right? Yeah, yeah. Because I do that in other programs that I have, or my with, all with my one to one clients, but I don't do that in my group coaching program, which is what I usually talk about. So that's why I feel like I'm holding back a bit because I don't want to promise something that's not actually there, but that makes a lot of sense, because, yes, I'm giving them the tools anyway, and I am allowing them to dig deeper so that they can come to their own understanding. So that's really I feel like a weight has been lifted, because I've been I didn't even realize I had this issue thinking about this.

Speaker 1  24:19
There you go, amazing. Well, there's and there's more nuances of how we can kind of get into messaging or positioning the group program in a way that really kind of answers those questions for your audience, and really kind of allows you to confidently make promises that that you don't feel like, oh, do I am I going to fall short? Because we also know that energetically, if you have any sort of kinks around, like, can I actually deliver on this, or is this going to be received the way that I want that it could cause certain bouts of friction with with conversions and stuff as well. So we can get into that a bit later too. But thanks for sharing. Okay, thank you. No problem. All right, anyone else wants to share their core problems that they came up with?

Speaker 3  25:02
Are we still working on some of them? No, I can share me. Mine is kind of similar to hers. Let's see. I did just have it open and closed it out. Okay, so the problem that I saw is helping successful women keep their marriages and maintain their success, helping them to find a balance between their growing business and having to help the happy marriage how to build trust, intimacy and unity in their marriage. And the last one that I came up with is how to submit in their marriage without feeling weak or having to sacrifice their success. Because I've, I've heard a common kind of conversation around women who view vulnerability or submission as like weakness or slavery or, you know, something that's just very demeaning when it's not, yeah, and so I've noticed that that's kind of been one of those conversations that I wanted to to talk about the intimacy and trust unity in their marriage is really based on effective communicate, comprehensive communication, which is what I call it. So I could put, you know, communication in there, but I was like, should I put communication in there when the goal for communication is not really to communicate better, it's really the outcome of what that kind of communication would do for the marriage.

Speaker 1  26:38
I'm going to come back to come back to the communication piece, because as you saw on my chart, there's a secondary type of message, and I'm kind of feeling like that comprehensive communication piece might actually fit into that second portion of the chart. So we'll come back to that. But I'm going to ask you the same question as I asked Nima, which is the root cause of why they're unable to feel that trust intimacy and that that feeling of safety within submitting. Where does that come from from? For your clients,

Speaker 3  27:09
where it comes from from? From my clients, some of it is definitely because at some point their their vulnerability has been violated, whether it's you know, in their childhood or whether it's in past relationships. So once their vulnerability has been violated, now they are in what I would call survival mode, so their primary focus is to protect themselves from experiencing the same type of pain again. And so how this shows up in their marriage is they don't allow themselves to be vulnerable enough to build the intimacy that you know they need to build, to have the closeness that they want to have in their marriages, to feel that support. And again, it's because they're in short, their vulnerability has been violated in some at some point in time in their life, and they are just in that mode of trying to protect themselves. Protect themselves.

Speaker 1  28:03
Got it okay? And so what I'm hearing from you now is that your core message essentially becomes that in order for you to have a marriage where there is trust, where there is love, there's intimacy, where you feel like you are truly partners, we need to go back as women and look at where our vulnerability wound has still been left open, and how to heal that so that we can actually show up in a relationship in a way that allows us to submit and still be able to go after our goals without feeling like we need to choose either or right?

Speaker 3  28:38
Yeah, because that's the that's the overall message. It's just like, especially because I work with a certain, you know, group of women who are can be masculine in energy, yes, um, you know, vulnerability is like a cuss word. It's like calling them a bad name, right? Yeah, we and they're like, why should I do that for him? You know, he needs to do this first. So it's like, it's still protection. If he does this, then I'll do this, right? But the reality is, you have to give yourself permission to be vulnerable, to receive that, because oftentimes, with men, they feel like they're fighting a brick wall, like you won't let your wall down, so I can't get through the wall. And you want me to break through the wall with my love, but you won't give me the opportunity, you know, to do so. So it's like a catch 22 Yeah.

Speaker 1  29:31
And this is powerful, too. So I had two ideas pop up. One is that I think there should be a number of posts that you that you repeatedly write about that very topic of women kind of putting that guard up, or women maybe not saying hyper masculinity, but like, you know, kind of protecting themselves, or having these expectations as to, like, Well, why should I be vulnerable? He should be blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like, I think that will speak to that and helping them understand the root of. Where that comes from and why? In order for them to succeed in their marriage, or in order for them to have that happy, harmonious household, these are the things that need to change. So that's the first idea that could be a whole series of posts that we can build out throughout this whole authority months around that topic. And the second idea that came up for me is that it seems to me that for your clientele, or your ideal clientele, you are right, meaning they have almost like developed this over compensation side of them, that because they're very successful in their career, because they're very accomplishment driven, they almost have developed that competitive edge or some of these masculine traits as a default to but it's coming from a place of void. It's coming from a place of scarcity. It's not coming from a place of wanting to better themselves because they want to better themselves. It's coming from a place of protection, like you said, and even though they might, they might attribute some of those traits as being positive, because they're strong and they're full, willed, and they're going after their goals, it's actually hurting them, both in business and in marriage. And so the dichotomy, the thing that's happening for you right now is that they feel, in their eyes, that they can either be successful at marriage, which in their eyes is, is being docile, and, you know, being a housewife, or they can be successful in their career, which requires them to be a bit more masculine. But right, both of these things are actually being fueled by the sense of lack. Both of these things are being fueled by a protection mechanism. Because them actually having those masculine traits in the long term is not going to grow their business either, because it's still being fueled from a place of over compensation. It's not coming from a place of wholeness. It's coming from a whole, believe it or not. So I almost feel like the core message. I mean, it is what we've what we've discussed. But the core message also becomes that in order for you to succeed in both, we need to resolve the inner wounds that are causing you to overcompensate or under compensate in both your your marriage and your in your business. And we can attribute some of the current pains and frustrations that they're feeling. So, for example, the guilt of taking time off or feeling behind if they don't take action on an idea right away, or the feel the kind of like that, that drive to be like, super salesy and like, you know, be very upfront and very be very direct. Like they might see it as strength, but it's coming from a place of of lack, right? So some of the frustrations they might be facing in their business right now are the very same reasons why they're facing issues with their husband at home. But they might not see it that way. They might label it as, oh, he's jealous of my success. He can't handle a strong woman, right? So it comes back, right?

Speaker 3  33:08
Yeah, and that's, that's really, you know, what happens? I had to walk a client through it because one of the conversations that her husband was having is, you don't respect me. You don't respect me. I don't like the way you talk to me. And for the life of her, she couldn't resonate. She just didn't see it. She didn't understand what he was talking about, you know. And so we had to kind of kind of work through how to present the same information, you know, to your husband without feeling like he wins or you're losing, you know, that kind of thing. And she didn't realize how she was still showing up as the CEO in her marriage. So her conversation with her spouse was not as someone she loves. It was someone that she it's a task like we need to get this done. We need to have this conversation. We need to get to resolve right? And so I had to walk her through understanding that, you know, timing as well as tone. How do you switch and take off the road of CEO? But what we when we dug deeper, I was able to help her realize the reason she was still showing up as a CEO in her marriage is because she didn't feel safe there. There was not a safe space for her. She didn't feel safe. And so we were able to walk through that. But yeah, that's really good.

Speaker 1  34:32
That's good and and what I'll add to that as well is is also this notion that if women let me see, how can I, how can I put this in simple terms? If they're resistant to the vulnerability, because they vulnerability with weakness, right? They think that they need to be someone else in their marriage and somebody else for business, but the deeper connected they get. Their vulnerability, they also get better in business. Yeah, it's like that

Speaker 3  35:10
part I'm trying that's the messaging that I am trying to marry is helping them to see the parallel in how they are showing up, how, while they think they're having this crazy success in their business, how it really still mirrors the challenges and the obstacles that they are having in their marriage. That's one of the things that's that messaging I'm trying to, like, tie the two together, especially for the these women, because they are data driven. They are facts based, like, I need to see the numbers, you know, because that's the space that they operate in. So trying to mirror that message is, is what I need support.

Speaker 1  35:51
Okay, so same with what I shared about Sheena's post earlier on the this call. I think the second part of what we're going to talk about is actually going to help you with that, because I'll actually go through the two different types of posts that I think would be really helpful for you, because those are the types of posts that will help kind of bridge the gap between what you are trying to say versus what they need to hear. So we're going to come back to that. But thanks for good. This is really good. All right. Thank you. No problem. Okay, so we're going to move on to the second part of this graph. And Chris, I know you hopped on a little bit late. Bit late, but I've created this, this concept that is very still in its infancy, and I'm kind of walking you guys through it. So what we were just going through was your core message, and I said within the context of your personal brand, which is this entire box I've driven or drawn out here, the core thing that that everybody in the messaging world talks about is, what do you do? What is the what is the actual problem that you are solving for your client? So I got everyone to write out what are the problems that they're solving for their clients, so we can distill it down to one thing. And essentially, what I want you guys to now understand is that once you land on this core problem, it doesn't have to be written in a single sentence, because if you see these little things that are coming out of it, this is what I call micro messages. And I know a few of you had questions about these micro messages. So you might have a concept or a theme that you become known for. So for example, for myself, it's it's the theme of being able to be a strong communicator. I don't really have a one sentence I help statement, or a one some sentence, succinct way of saying what my message is, but I can describe it. And then one once I have this core idea of I think as brands, we need to be strong communicators, because it's not the best product that gets sold. It's the product that is best articulated, that is the kind of the core idea that drives my business. I can create micro messages that come out of this core message, and these micro messages are essentially what both Shamika and Nima were just talking about. It's all these little side ideas and parallels that reinforce this bigger idea, right? And so it becomes a question, yeah, go for it, because I've

Speaker 4  38:13
been doing a lot of work on this recently as well. Are we going for the core message of what we do, which is, you know, heal internal safety wounds, trust burns, etc. Or are we going on the solution that, if you were to ask a client, what is it you think would solve this problem? You know, very few of them will be like, oh, I need to, like, undo my childhood wounds and create a deep sense of safety within myself, because I was betrayed ones it was. It's usually down to our gut. Fear of opening up. I got fear of vulnerability. I don't feel this. I don't feel that, or or some it's usually their level of awareness. You get what I'm

Speaker 1  38:52
asking. Yeah, exactly. So you're talking about, is it the problem that you as the coach know that they have, or is it the problem that they come to you for

Speaker 4  38:58
right? Yeah, we'll make making sure that the solution we offer and what we're talking about is what they actually say they want.

Speaker 1  39:04
Yes, it is both, and I'll tell you why. Because the problems or the messages that are the most potent are when you can help your audience member or help your client understand that the problem that they are coming to you for is due to the problem that you know that they have in the entire purpose of your messaging is to help bridge the gap between what is it that they think they need and what is it that you know that they need to do. And so your content, your presence now, aims to help them understand that if they're coming to you because they've got vulnerability issues, or they feel like they keep they keep hitting ceilings in their personal life and in their business, that's their language. You want to help them understand that these ceilings are coming from the root cause of being betrayed when they were younger. Let's say

Speaker 4  39:57
what's the comparison of that? Which is basically education model, like educating them on what the core root cause actually is before they take action and get the root cause solution, versus if I simply sell I can help you be more consistent and show up more in your power be more consistent, you know, own who you truly are, and do away with all the old bullshit that would otherwise stop you

Speaker 1  40:21
well, is the thing that you're solving for them still the same? Are you still,

Speaker 4  40:26
once they're in the door? Just sort of the same thing, right?

Speaker 1  40:30
So there is no difference, meaning that it's the way that you communicate it to what is it that people, what is it from your experience and from your research, people actually come to you wanting to solve what is it that they have identified? Right?

Speaker 4  40:45
Yeah, so they're all off to able to make more money because they keep repeating their income cycle or resetting back to the same kind of level. They want a lot more impact in the world that will actually mean something, and have their business mean something in the world. And they want to have personal fulfillment and great relationships along the way. The problem that they see is, oh, I just lack consistency. Oh, I just, I just, I'm either on or I'm off, and I can't seem to get balanced. Oh, I'm doing this and that, but I can't seem to do this. So that's it's really the only kind of bridge.

Speaker 1  41:23
So your message then still becomes that in order for you to have the relationships, in order for you to have the income, in order for you to have the lifestyle, the the experiences, the fulfillment that you know that you're able to have, it's not that you just need more consistency, it's that you need this that becomes your core message. And keep in mind that your core message is not something that you're going to be outwardly constantly talking about. That is the root of where all of your content and all of your next level messaging will come from, which we're going to get to in a second. But what I want you guys to understand is that this is what fuels your business, your core message and what you do, or what you are known for, is the core concept that people associate you with. So people might not understand the full scope of what I do inside my programs, but if they think premise, they'll think messaging, or if they think about Chris, they'll think about mindset and identity. Work. So,

Speaker 4  42:21
because that's exactly the two words I do.

Speaker 1  42:25
So it's the concepts that you become known for, and your job then, with the micro messages, is to talk about all the things Chris that you just said. So for example, a big myth that you see is that people think I just need to be more disciplined, I just need to be more consistent. I just need to work harder,

Speaker 4  42:44
make myself do it and push through and be fine. I'm just going to push through level out. I'm sure we're fine,

Speaker 1  42:49
right? Exactly. So a micro message then that supports this overarching idea, is that willpower and more discipline is not the answer. And then you want to go into posts, or one post or a series of posts that talk about why willpower is not the answer. You can give case studies of clients, you can share a personal story. You can explain to people why pushing past their personal limits of of consistency and discipline is actually doing more harm than good. So these are all micro messages that then support the overarching concept

Speaker 4  43:20
here, that was actually the post I did yesterday for yesterday's prompt.

Speaker 1  43:23
Okay, amazing. There you go. Orly, I'm just checking the chat here. You said the most important messages help your audience understand that the problem they're coming to you for is so it's the problem that they are coming to you for is due to the thing that you resolve for them. So if they're coming to you because they're experiencing lack of conversion in their content, or if they're not getting the conversion numbers that they want to get, because that's the problem that they're coming to for, it's probably because they're not being very authentic in their messaging, or maybe they're following way too many contents, prompts and scripts, just as an example, like, what is the thing that you actually solve for them. Okay, let's move on, because this next part, I think, is going to be kind of grinding your gears when it comes to thinking about your messaging. So we have the core problem. This is what people know that you do. This is the what do you do that answers that question. We have the micro messages that then help reinforce this core idea. Now we have something that I used to call a secondary message, but I've renamed your adjacent message. Your adjacent message is how you do it. So I want you guys to think about the adjacent message as not just what you solve for people, but what is your overall philosophy about the thing that you solve? And I'm going to, again, use myself as an example, so you guys have all consumed my content. You kind of know where my perspectives fall on this, but I'm all for having small, ethical businesses. That focus on serving over scaling. And I've written extensively about this, about how I don't think that we need to have large teams. I don't think we need to I don't think the aim of our business is to get as big as possible. And for our aim and our overall goals and our mission to be how do I get to the millions as fast as I possibly can? I've written about how certain things take time to build. I've written about how the best business owners are the ones that still roll up their sleeves and are involved in the actual process of developing their business. They don't just over delegate everything. I talk about how you as the brand need to actually be the authentic voice behind it. And I've written about how copywriters can't do the heavy lifting for you, right? So my adjacent message is my philosophy overall on how I deliver in my business. This is where you can allow some of your like polarizing perspectives to shine a little bit. What are some of the takes that you have on your industry, or the way that you do business, the way that you deliver your solution or your product, the way that you solve the problem, that will allow people to get a bit of insight into your overall perspective of how things work. And interestingly enough, this is the reason why people actually decide to buy from you, not this. Most people focus too heavily on this, which is still important. I'm not saying it's not important. People need to know what it is that you do and how you solve that problem, but it's not what they will base their decision off of. If you ignore the rest of this graph and only post content over here, you will be competing on price, on the quality of your product. You will basically become a health coach, life coach, copywriter. You'll be put into the category along with everybody else, because you're solving a solution, or, sorry, selling a solution. This up here, your adjacent message is what captivates people. So when I have no in the brackets down here, we all know about the like, know and trust. This is the No, this is the like. This is the emotional connection that you develop with your audience. These are all the ways that you approach life and business that still pertain to what your core message is, but that give people deeper insight into who you actually are behind the scenes. And so there's a series of micro messages, once again, that are also stemming out of this. So I have a number of posts, even just coming out this week, that talk about a lot of the ways that I approach business that have very little to do with what I actually do with you guys, but that give people the perspective of, how do I approach my life in business? This is why people say I so resonate with the way you think. This is where people say I really enjoy reading through your content. It makes me feel really good. It makes me feel seen. It makes me feel validated. It's nice to know other people think the same way. Or, oh my gosh, I was thinking of writing a post exactly on this topic today. So Chris says So mine would be telling people where they're going wrong isn't going to help them much, because in the end, sorry, they end up knowing the problem, but no way to actually solve it at its core. Yeah, you can even talk about Chris some of the like Band Aid solutions and some of the things that you see being talked about in your industry as like this is what leads to transformation that you know is wrong or that you know is not going to be effective. So it's your approach to how you do what you do, Orly you and I were talking about the whole empathetic model. So what you do for people could be helping them. You know, up their conversion rates. Have more deeper, more potent messaging, but how you do it is through your empathetic model. It's not about like, how do we come up with the catchiest hooks and headlines, and how do we make sure that your calls to action are optimized? You can have all that, but it's how you approach it. So what's your approach to what it is that you do. And then, of course, there's a number of little micro stories that you can pull from it. There can be examples of I'm going to just pull one example I posted, I think maybe sometime last year, but it was about how this one woman came to me because her landing pages and everything was not converting, and she wanted me to do a copy audit. So I went through her sales pages, I went through her emails, I went through the Thank You message that would pop up. And I was a little bit confused, because her messaging, her copy, was actually amazing. There was very, very little thing that I would I would try to, you know, change or tweak everything seemed very clear, but the more I got to talk to her and see where the disconnect is, the more I realized that she had created that messaging based on what a coach had previously told her, this is the messaging that will convert, and it didn't actually resonate with her. And again, going back to what we talked about with nayma, it she felt like she was promising something that she didn't 110% stand behind with conviction that was. The problem, because the messaging looked amazing. There was nothing I could have changed that would have made it any more compelling. But the problem was that it was misaligned with her values, and it was misaligned with her own energy, and therefore it was not converting. And again, it sounds Woo, but I've seen it work time and time again. So a huge part of my messaging has now become that in order for you to have compelling messaging. In order for you to have a presence that attracts the right quality people, the message that you put out there needs to coincide with your values. It needs to reflect who you are as a person. So that's one of these micro stories with how I do things, and that's why I'm not against copywriters, but I'm against outsourcing your thinking to copywriters. And again, that might ruffle some feathers. I have a lot of copywriters in my in my market, that really severely disagree with that, with that point of view, because they see everything as production well. If you don't have a copywriter, you're stuck writing the copy in your business. We don't have time for that. You want to be, you know, you want to be free, you want to be sipping margaritas in Mexico. We don't have time to be writing our own copy. I don't agree with that. I think as a business owner, you should be doing the work, all right. So this is your adjacent message. Now the fun part, within the whole context of this graph is your personal brand, and I shouldn't have drawn a box around it, because technically, this entire box over here is your personal brand. Within your personal brand, this is where you have absolute creative freedom to now talk about the things that actually happen in your life, that maybe have nothing to do with your adjacent message or with your core message, but that reflect who you are as a person. So this is no this is like and this is not trust. This is feel, because on both sides of these access, once you have these three ingredients, you will naturally develop the trust and connection with the people for them to see you as someone that they want to take action with your personal brand up here encompasses what you like to share about your day to day. What are some of the current personal challenges you're going through that you think would be relevant to your audience. And again, the caveat here is you don't have to share anything that doesn't feel natural to not share, right? If you went through a fight with your husband and you think that there's a good message in there, but you don't feel comfortable sharing it. Don't don't share it, right? We don't want to share things that don't feel natural to us. It could be the books that you're reading right now. It could be the travel that you're doing right now. It could be a an interaction you had with your child that you feel would be really resonant for some people to hear. It's your approach to how you balance motherhood and running a business. It could be my approach to handling a long distance relationship, living amidst three countries at the same time. This, this stuff has nothing to do with my business, but it's a way for people to feel deeper connected to who I am. And again, within this, I wouldn't say that there's micro messages, but this is simply just sharing who you actually are. It's being able to create connective content rather than performative content. We're not creating content to show that we are successful, to show that we know what we're talking about, to show that we are XYZ. We're creating content that actually shows people the real behind the scenes of who we are so we can attract the people that we feel like we can be besties with.

Speaker 1  53:20
That's why each one of you guys, I can send you guys memes. I can talk to you for hours, and it doesn't feel like I'm doing client work. Those are the types of people that really resonate with who you are. Now, did you guys make a decision to work with me because of my immigration story or because of the nature walks I go on? Probably not, but what it does help you do is that it gives you insight into who I actually am behind the scenes. Okay, I know this was a lot, but like I said, it's one of those parmese graphs that just come to me and take weeks and weeks to actually develop. But here's what I want you guys to do for homework, and it's going to take time, so give it time. I want you guys to narrow down some of the problems that we talked about and be able to narrow it down into a single sentence. I know we said we can't narrow it down, but it's okay. Nobody's going to be reading this sentence. This is for you, as the business owner, to know, and the single sentence is in order for you to reach blank. I know you think you need blank, but what you really need is blank. This is not going to be posted anywhere, but this is just for you as the content creator to get even deeper grounded in what that core message is. Now, with all the problems that you guys came up with, all the problems that you solve here, these become your micro messages. These become these tiny little posts and content pieces that reinforce this core idea. So.

Speaker 1  55:07
So I could say something along the lines of, you know, I know you want to be seen as a thought leader. I know you want clients that just naturally come to you. I know you don't want to have lengthy sales processes to get people inside your programs. And in order to do that, I know that you feel like you need to go through these rigid launch formulas and you need to have perfect copy, and you need to have amazing branding, but what you really need is to get connected to that deeper essence of your brand identity and learn how to articulate it in a way that resonates with the right people. That's all you need to do, and that's what I help people with. You don't need the fancy bells and whistles. You just need to understand who you are as a creator and develop the skill of how to articulate that effectively. That's what you need to do. Now, again, if I took that sentence and I just reposted and reposted or reposted or reposted it, it would not have the same impact as if I came up with a number of micro messages that demonstrated that story I just shared with you guys about the content audit that I did that would be a micro message, right? It's all the stories, it's all the perspectives, the different angles that you can take that reinforce this core idea. And then this one, I would say, is, is, believe it or not, the most fun to talk about, but also the hardest to land on, because you probably know what you solve. You probably know what the problem is. You might spend some time thinking about the micro messages, but we all, we're all here because we know what's the problem that we solve. This one's the fun one. This one is where I really want you guys to take some time in introspection, to think about your philosophies, to think about what are the things that you do differently, and ask yourself, if it wasn't for this being a part of your business, if you had to just show up on social media and talk about the things that really light you up, what would go here? And some of you might be thinking, well, I don't really know exactly what lights me up. There's 1,000,001 things that light me up, right? I like to go dancing. I like to do this. I like to do that. I like to travel. I like to cook. What are the relevant things in your creative realm? Right? Because everything I just named that all goes into your personal brand. That goes into this bracket over here, of like, the overarching things that you share about yourself, your adjacent message. It's your it's the way that you do things. Shamika and I a couple of days ago, had a conversation in the DMS talking about different messages that kind of anger us, or we see messages from certain people, certain content pieces that evoke a little bit of passion. I'll say passion, not anger. And even though I don't agree with writing posts from a place of anger slash passion, because I don't think it's grounded. I think sometimes that following those moments of passion can lead us to this adjacent message. Right? Because when we don't agree with something, when we disagree with something or something angers us or frustrates us, that usually is an indication that we do things differently. And following those inklings of how we do things differently is what eventually leads you to your adjacent message. A huge part of my and this shifts, by the way, like all of this shifts as you develop as a brand. I made a couple a post a couple of weeks ago, right, that talked about this, where you as the personal brand might evolve. Your values might evolve, the problems that you solve might evolve. And over time, this entire graph will shift and evolve alongside you. So that's okay, but a huge part of my current message around this is being able to honor the seasons of creation in your business. I was in a season of extreme high creation at some point, and then things dropped down a little bit, and I started judging myself because I wasn't writing as much content, I wasn't being as productive, I wasn't doing the things like that. I wasn't keeping up with the pace of old parmese Back when I was a part of a million other masterminds and everything else. I wasn't able to do 30 hours of coaching calls anymore, and I'm like, What is going on with me? Why am I not able to keep up with the pace of that of what I did before? But now I'm realizing that there's seasons to this, and along with all the personal stuff that was going on in my life, I'm in a season of recalibration, and it's okay if my capacity is a little bit lower, and I'm realizing I talked to so many people who also have this productivity guilt. They have this creativity guilt of I'm not able to produce what I did before. I do four zoom calls in a week, and I feel like I've run a marathon, and that's okay. That's normal. So I'm taught a huge part of my adjacent message now is talking about that message. Do you see how that has nothing to do with what I do with messaging, but it allows people in my audience to feel seen and feel validated, right? Alright, might quickly check the chat here just to make sure that I'm not messing it missing any questions. So Chris says, I call these coffee shop principal spend a day in the coffee shop with my clients? Yeah, yeah, exactly. That's exactly it. Nemo, would that be around someone else's methodology too? Can you clarify that for me? What do you mean by somebody else's methodology?

Speaker 2  1:00:30
So if there's somebody else who's doing something similar to you, and then they've got a way of getting their clients from A to Z, and you're just like, oh, no, I would never do that, but you wouldn't obviously say that out loud, but then that's the kind of feeling it sit on that and think, Okay, what is it? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:00:48
so I wouldn't say, see it as what is it that I have wrong with this person or this person's methodology, but what is the principle behind that methodology that you disagree with? Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:00:58
yeah. Because they wouldn't actually ever say naturally, but when you're reading it, you'll be like, Oh, I would do things so differently to that would you sit with and then, okay, cool,

Speaker 1  1:01:07
100% and it sounds negative, but I truly do believe that by me being within other people's worlds for a long time, I was able to pick up on what I severely disagree with and what I wouldn't do in that way, and as a result of observing what I disagreed with, I have even stronger conviction and the value that I have to offer now, because I understand what doesn't work, and I do understand where do I differ, where my values are different than messaging people in this space, and you don't necessarily need to tear anyone down in order to show why yours is better. It's not about being better, it's about being different.

Speaker 2  1:01:46
I think for would that. So what how I would think to approach that is that those that methodology or that way of doing things would work for a certain group of people, but for me, these are my values, and this is what I stand for, and this is the way I would like to thrive in a marriage. Is that how I would approach that?

Speaker 1  1:02:04
Yes, because there will be people who might resonate with that form of teaching, right? There are people in my world even that agree with the very hyper aggressive type of messaging, or with the like, really going hard on the pain points. Like, they like that, and there are people that teach that, and I don't agree with that, so I will voice my opinion on how I don't agree with that. And here's why I don't agree with that. Here's what I do instead, so that the people who don't resonate with that will come to me, but our marketing is meant to repel as much as it is to attract. So you're not focusing on tearing down the other methodology. You're focusing on showing why your approach is different.

Speaker 2  1:02:54
I think the way this, the reason why this is coming up is I think I want to put a post up, and I don't know, maybe I'm just looking at it, but I saw that another coach had taken exactly what I had done and done something really smart, which I actually thought it was pretty smart, and says with my clients, I won't be doing XYZ. And I was like, Oh, I just posted that. I just posted about that. So I was like, that was actually, to be honest, I thought it was pretty genius, the way she had done it. Um, liked it. I was like, okay, that's smart, but it kind of repelled people that would work with me and should bring in a whole new set of people that would prefer the way she would work with her, like, you know, her clients. So I think I need to do more of that. I've been shying away from that for some reason. I'm not sure why, but I think I need to explore some of that a little bit with my own

Speaker 1  1:03:44
content. Yeah, and oftentimes the thing that we resist doing the most in our content is the thing that needs to happen. Chris has something to say about that. Did you have your hand up?

Speaker 4  1:03:53
Chris, yeah, just put it in the chat as well. It's just a mindset part, if that's not gonna share, just to be really careful when you make judgments of others that you're not also getting so wrapped up in it. The reason being is, whatever judgment you make of others, your mind has to reflect it to say others will be making those judgments of you, and that can very quickly turn into a block where you're not showing up because people will judge you. Just to be careful of that one, don't let it override all of you.

Speaker 2  1:04:31
Would that really be judgments? Though? It just be looking at the difference. And

Speaker 4  1:04:35
it depends what the emotions behind it. It just depends the amount, if, the if the emotion is like, That's stupid, I do it this way, then fine. But if it's like a really deep thing that's coming up, then your mind has to assume that other people are having those deep, powerful emotions about you, and if that's something that causes a conflict. But you may see yourself holding back on putting out particular posts, hesitating to particular posts, etc, because you you could be judged in the same way.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:12
So it's just about the way you've the way you find it is by looking at the behavior that follows.

Speaker 4  1:05:18
So if you're not hesitating to put posts out, no worries. You're not connecting to it. But if you are hesitating, you're probably connecting to it without realizing it. Well, there's a high likelihood you are.

Speaker 1  1:05:31
Yeah, it's interesting to think about. And I think that the core thing that it all comes back down to as well, when it comes to even looking at other people's content. There's a post I saw a couple of days ago which I think I angrily screenshotted to come back to at some point, because it was someone basically complaining about how, like, Oh, it's so annoying when you write something and then somebody else takes it and makes it their own, or something like that, which has happened to all of us, and it's happened to me. I wrote a whole thing about how my sales page was, like, basically copied almost word for word. It happens to us. But what I think is interesting in this space is that we've almost all, and I say this very lightly, I don't actually mean it literally, like, narcissistically created our own like, This is mine. This concept is mine. This idea is mine. And I'm sure this has happened to you guys as well, where you'll have an idea one day and you think it's so unique, or like a conversation will come up with a client, and you'd be like, Oh, that would make an awesome post. And then you open up Facebook and Instagram and you see, like, the identical like, somebody just like, wrote out exactly what happened to you. And now you're thinking, well, if I write this out, they're going to think I just copied their post. Or it could be the other way around. You could have made a post and then somebody else the next day makes a very similar post. And you might be thinking, Oh, this bitch took my post, right? But it's not necessarily the case. There is a collective level of conscious there are ideas that are shared, there are experiences that lead us all to the same conclusion. And I would invite each and every one of you if this happens to you, where you're like, oh, they already wrote about it, and I don't want to, I don't want to copy it, or I don't want to make it seem like it's too similar. We all have very different energetic blueprints behind this as well. So it doesn't mean that you're copying that idea. It simply means you are putting your own energy and intention into it. Keep in mind, we all have different audiences. We all have different people in our world, and just because somebody else said it does not mean that you can't say it, or just because somebody else said exactly something you said does not also mean that they copied you. We could all come to the same conclusions. I've had masterminds or conversations with peers. This happens with my friend Haley and I a lot, where we make the same post on the same day, but we have not talked about it. We have not seen each other's post, but we're talking about the same topic. It just, it just happens that way, right? So Shamika says, I'll post something and then scroll the same some. Yeah, exactly. My thought is, gosh, they'll think I copied their post. Yes, exactly, or the opposite. I'll see someone post something very similar to what I did. And obviously I'm human. My brain goes, Oh, they probably just copied off what I just, you know, what I just posted. But that's not true. So this kind of, like self, not self serving, but this like narcissistic sense of like, I own this idea, this concept, is mine. Yes, sometimes concepts become yours. You might put together a term or a whole program, and yes, people can rip it off. It does happen. But most of the time we do all collectively come to certain conclusions on our own, and it doesn't mean that is being copied. I was even thinking of writing a post about this, believe it or not, and guess what? Now probably 15 other people are going to write about it, but yeah, so it does happen. Okay, there's one more thing I wanted to go through with you guys. And then I want to give some feedback to name and Chris, because I know you guys submitted some stuff to be to be reviewed. So the last thing I wanted to talk about with the two different types of authority posts or educational content, that I still see being very effective. Now, on our last call, I kind of busted the myth of educational content not being useful anymore, right? A lot of people are talking about how, like, Don't post educational content. You're not an encyclopedia. You're not a Wikipedia. Educational content does not lead to conversions. I strongly disagree from a consumer psychology standpoint. I strongly disagree now. I do agree that if you do have too many how tos that spells out exactly what people need to walk away with. It can hinder conversions, because people are walking away with some value and they're still seeing you as an authority, but they're not necessarily seeing the gap of why they need to reach out to work with you and shame. I think you and I went through an example on our last call of one of your posts, where I kind of gave you a reframe on how you can turn an educational how to post into something that creates a little bit more intrigue and desire. So if you guys haven't seen that, you can rewatch the recording from the week before, but the two types of content that still become very relevant, and going back to Sheena's post about shame and the headlines. These are the two types of educational content I want you guys to keep in mind. So the first one is operating under the premise that you might be solving a problem that the person does not fully know that they have right. And a lot of people will tell you to not market to UN problem aware. People unproblem aware, unaware, a problem unaware. That's what I'm trying to say. It's okay. English gets jambled Sometimes. So lot of people will tell you, don't market to the person who's not problem aware, because if they're not problem aware, then they're not looking for a solution, and if they're not looking for a solution, they're not willing to pay that's very binary thinking. There has been a number of times where I've had a problem, where I've had symptoms and I am actively looking for a solution, but I don't know what the root cause of my actual problem is, so I'll go about and find other band aid solutions to try to fix this actual root cause. And it's not working for me. So the frustration continues, but if I see someone who regularly helps me understand the root cause of my actual problem, now I'm more likely to be like, Oh, that's what I need to solve. Okay, now I'm going to go work with this person. So going to what name I was talking about earlier today, and when you said that, you know, you work with people who want to get better connected to their feminine energy, they want to communicate with their spouses. But with their spouses better. They want to inspire masculinity. And all of this stems from their attachment issues. So if they're and I'm going to use a really bad example, but let's say they feel like they need to be more in their feminine and so they go out and they buy themselves flowers every week, or they go get a makeover, they get their hair done, they buy sexy lingerie because they think that's how they're going to inspire the masculine within their man. But the root cause of their problem is that they've got some daddy issues, right? Those things are not going to help. They might be a surface level Band Aid thing, right? Your husband's eyes might light up for a little bit, but it's not going to solve the communication issues. And so in your educational content, the first type is to help them better understand the actual root cause of their problem. Why is it? Chris says, I mean, worth a try. Yeah, it's worth a try after you deal with the attachment issues. So why is it that they're experiencing this, this level of disconnect. Why is it that they feel like they need to chase after a man? I was going through my bookcase a couple of days ago, and I found a book that's from 2002 so when I was seven years old, and it's called why men love bitches. And I was like, what an intriguing headline. So I started reading it. It's a very easy book. It's kind of funny. Some of it is a little bit outdated, because it's like dating advice from 2002 but a lot of it, I was like, wow, this stuff is super relevant for today, and it's talking about how to inspire that masculine pursuit that like drive for your husband or your partner to still pursue you even years after you've met. Really says I had that book, yeah, and again, a lot of it is outdated. There's some examples in there where I'm like, this is a bit questionable, but there's still a lot of it that actually helps women understand why they're going after a man, or why they they come off needy, or why they chase or why they put their own pleasures and their own things that they want aside to try to appease him. And I thought it was super relevant, because most of the issues that even my girlfriends will talk about in their relationships is I feel like he stopped putting in effort. I feel like I'm the one that needs to initiate everything all the time, I feel like he's, you know, he's, he's too busy for me. I feel like I need to go out of my way to like, make him happy. So women are falling into this pattern of chasing right? But what I think is really powerful about this book, and what I'm coming back to, is that it actually helps you understand the root causes of why you're falling into some of these patterns and what to do about it instead. About it instead. So the first type of educational content is not how to content, but why to content. So why is it that you're experiencing these pain points? Why is it that you are feeling these frustrations? What are some of the the reasons that might not even be your fault, because we want to alleviate some of that guilt, right? Why might? Why might not it be your fault that these problems continue? What are some of the band aid solutions that exist out there, that you've been trying that just aren't getting you results? And why is that so? Again, going back to my bad example of the lingerie. So why is it that just buying lingerie is not going to help your men chase you or put an effort or buy you flowers or plan dates, and the second type of educational authority content is for them to understand your solution better, because they might not. Not fully understand why your solution is relevant to them. And Sheena, in your in your question, you had mentioned somatic processing, right? So how to use somatic processing, or why somatic processing is effective? And my response to that was, somatic processing might not be something that they fully even know yet. So what we need to do is we need to build the case for why your solution is superior or different.

Speaker 1  1:15:28
So in your case, if you're talking about why using somatic therapy or somatic processing is just is better than just using talk therapy, the first thing you need to do is to help them understand or help them see that you understand what their current problem is. What is the actual surface level issue that they are coming to you for? They need to feel heard, seen, validated around that, and what is it that they've opted to do to solve that problem? Maybe they've gone to therapy for years. They've talked about their childhood, they've talked about the triggers, they've talked about the root of some of their emotional pitfalls. And so why is it that they're still not able to move past this? And then you want to get into some of the actual facts, but notice that we need to set emotional context before we get into the facts. Most people start their posts here where we just got to Right. They'll start at, let me tell you why somatic processing is going to be revolutionary for you processing your trauma. But they don't build up their emotional relevance of how this is going to be beneficial for them. So you build context, you give them emotional relevance, and then you get to the point where you say, well, here's how emotions are actually stored in the body. Here's what happens when we don't properly process them. Here's what happens when you know we we feel like we've we've thought through our feelings instead of actually feeling through them. And then give definitions of what that looks like. What does that mean? What does that how does that look in someone's everyday life? And then show them, once you're able to process somatically the emotions, what are the benefits that they're going to experience after doing that. What are some of the things they've been trying to achieve that they haven't been able to achieve on their own? What is it that somatic processing is going to do for them that's going to alleviate those pain points you talked about in the beginning? So by writing content like this, you are taking the actual solution that you have, and you're helping them understand how it's relevant to them and why everything else that they've tried has not been effective. And you can all do this with with the different tools and modalities. So let's say vulnerability like you need to get vulnerable in order to, you know, experience greater communication in your marriage, or even experience greater success in your business. What you want to do is you want to help them understand that the pain points that they're facing right now are valid, and most people will tend to overcompensate, or most people will tend to veer towards this solution. With Chris, it was willpower, right? Most people will feel like they just need to get stronger. They need to mentally toughen up. Yeah, they need to push through. They need to they just need to do the thing, right? They need to time block. That's the solution. But what that happens is that it perpetuates these feelings of guilt and shame and inadequacy when we're not able to keep up with that. And so what we really need to do is we need to go address the root cause, and then you want to build the case for the root cause. Now how you start these posts are really important, because, as you saw Sheena as well, that the comments I left on the headlines was not talking about the actual topic of what you're going to be talking about in the post. It's talking about the relevant thing that's going to stick out to them. Right? So it's not how to improve communication with your husband. Let's say we want to hook them in with the real reason why communication feels so hard with your husband and what to do about it instead. So we're revealing to them the root cause of what's causing their problem for we're helping them become more acquainted with our solution and by doing that, we are now creating educational content that allows people to see us as authorities, rather than just encyclopedias that are going to give them step by step as to what they need to do. Chris has many women focus on I just need them to change. Yeah. Tamika says that's a really good topic. I wrote down Yeah, and these all become micro messages that talk about the main thing that you solve for people, right?

Speaker 3  1:20:11
Yeah, yeah, go for it. I'm sorry. Okay, what Chris was saying is what I have had to help women to understand. So one of the angles that I just decided I wanted to do differently is teaching them how to build it without their husband being on board. Because most women feel like if he doesn't change, you know, or he has to change for this to work, but I don't think women really understand the power that they have in the positioning in their marriage. And most of the times, what I've helped women to do is as I've helped them to shift their perspective. They begin to have more compassion for their husbands. They begin to see that he's hurting too. They begin to create, you know, safe spaces for both of them to have the honest conversations and and not turn into a blow up, and then they're like, oh my god, you know, like, I didn't realize my husband was hurting too. I didn't realize that he wasn't really just a jerk, you know, that he was just having he has some things that he needs to work through. And so being that I've been able to work with women, just women, and seeing their marriage is completely transformed is evidence that, oh no, you don't have to have him on board. He does not need to go to marriage counseling, right? And that's why most marriage counseling doesn't work, because the methodology for it is that both partners have to be on board for this to work, right? And but it's kind of like, you know, in Scripture, it's, it talks about the being unequally yoked, and like how the oxen, whoever stronger, pulls the other one in that direction, right? So it's kind of the a similar concept that, you know, when you are in that space and you're operating in the right positioning, you're operating the right power, then you can see a lot of transformation. Because sometimes, even though, if you're you know of the Christian faith, even though your husband may be considered the head, right? But I always give the analogy, he's the head, but you're the neck, you can't move your head without moving your neck, right? So understand the power that you really have to have that transformation. You know that you want to have in their marriage, and sometimes you may have to be the one that stands in that space first, right? And go through your transformation first, and then you'll begin to see things differently. You can pray differently. Can move differently. And it doesn't mean that he's just gonna lay there like a knot on the log, right? That's not what I'm saying. We're not like, Oh, I'm just going to drag you with me. No. It just means that the power when we begin to change ourselves. We can see it even in our friendships. If we begin to evolve and change, we can see our friends start to change and grow and evolve too. So having that same mindset as you, you know, approach your marriage, it really changes how you're seeing things.

Speaker 1  1:23:06
And it all comes back down to it starts with you, and

Speaker 3  1:23:10
it always starts and ends with you, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:23:14
and that's the that's kind of like the core message that your overall idea around being able to have the career and have the business, it comes back down to you. Yes, absolutely. It's not the external circumstances that need to fall into place in order for you to succeed. Yeah, and the honest

Speaker 3  1:23:34
are really the excuses that we give ourselves to not do what we can do, right? Because we'll say, well, it takes two, right? It takes two for this to work. And I was sitting there and one day and I said, you know, it really doesn't take two, right? So I had that epiphany, and I started thinking about all of the marriages that I've been helped, that I've been able to help over the years to you know, people tearing up divorce papers, like sending me pictures we burned our divorce papers, right? And I'm like, wow, it doesn't really take to it takes you to start right, and then the two begin to come together. So I'm just, I'm enjoying this space y'all so much more than I thought I would. So if I'm talking a lot, that is why I found my land and my pain, and I'm super excited to just see so many more marriages be restored as a result.

Speaker 1  1:24:27
Yeah, and I almost feel like that's kind of headed towards this adjacent message over here, where your core is that you will help them succeed in both of those avenues in their life. The way that you do it. It starts with them. Everything comes back down to you. It doesn't you don't need to to to make it succeed. So I like this, and that either becomes like a micro message of either of these, or that starts to become the core of what this adjacent message actually is. Mm.

Speaker 3  1:24:59
So what I'm thinking, what I'm what I'm thinking is that our core message begins to evolve like as we're doing. You know this work that our message begins to change and evolve. Because I realized that as I've been developing different pieces of content and really nailing down what is it that I do? I know how I do it, but what is it that I do? I'm realizing that those messages, although there's that one, single one, like you said, they're the adjacent messages, and everything just fits so perfectly together, but trying to stick with no this, you know, just saying the same thing, same thing, same thing that was driving me up a wall. Although I do understand repetition is necessary for revelation, I get it right. I understand it's necessary and it's repetition is necessary for remembrance too. However, sometimes you have kind of squeezed the turnip dry, right? And you need to start sharing the other parts that make up that core message. And that's what I'm learning working and within this community,

Speaker 1  1:26:10
yeah, and that's exactly it, because I think that's the that's the problem that I've been trying to wrestle with and resolve for the past number of months, where I'm like, How do I get people to understand the full scope of a message, beyond just telling them that your message is not just one thing. So this is kind of what I came up with, and I'm sure this will evolve with time. This is what I have for the time being, but I'm sure this will also change and evolve, but at least this gives you guys a little bit more structure and freedom to be able to say more than one thing and understand how it fits into the ecosystem that I'm talking about, because I'm always talking about your messaging ecosystem. And I think it's just one of those like concepts that I talk about, but there is an actual tangibility to it, so this, I think, will really help with that. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai