Speaker 1  00:14
All right, so let's try this again. This is part two of the demand building workshop I tried to record this the first time around, and for some reason the audio stopped. So hopefully we don't have that issue this time around. So here's where we were at. We finished off the part one by describing what are some of the key things you need to know about your audience, and what are some of the needs they have, the jobs they want to fulfill, the desires. And how do we then position that with something that we've created. So whether it's a method, whether it's a minimal viable product or some type of prototype, so that we can actually get our offer out there, or get our product out there and start testing who is best fit for it, who are the types of people who will be attracted to it. What are the problems that they want solved? And how do we do that? I ended it off with this messaging framework over here that you can use to create and or start building and creating demand for this offer itself. I would say that if there's anything that you took away from the messaging component of this first part is to pay attention to these eight points over here. These eight points will basically act as the rough skeleton of a post that will help you create the demand that you need, so that people actually understand what is the usefulness and what is the utility of the product, and what are some of the benefits they're going to experience after they they purchase or after they come into your world. And of course, using that double diamond effect, or using the double diamond design method. What we want to make sure that we're doing is, when with everyone who is coming into our programs or coming into our offers, we're allowing them to reveal what their roadblocks are, what are the problems, the challenges that they're facing, and in response to what are some of the things that they need help with. We are essentially crafting a better product and responding to the demand that exists out there. Because remember, as I said, guys, the number one key to doing market research is not just going out there and asking people questions. It's to start putting products out there and listening to what the needs are. It's testing and refining what it is that we need to do to our product or to our offer, so that it starts fitting in with demand. All right, now we came to the second component of demand building, which has very little to do with understanding what people are willing to pay for, and so much more to do with how do we actually position and articulate the value of what we do so that it actually hits those top of mind demands. And this goes beyond understanding niche and understanding copy frameworks and templates. This is very much just understanding the psyche of the person that you are trying to help. Now I mentioned that in the both the stages of market awareness and sophistication, there's three things under each of these categories that we want to be aware of. So at any given time, your audience and all the people that exist within your space, whether it's your you know, your email list or your social media presence, or even people that you meet at real life events, whether it's networking events or conferences or just you know, at the grocery store, they are likely going to fall into one of these three categories. So we talked about the symptom aware. Now symptom aware is when people have an understanding of what their symptoms are. So what are the day to day, pains, frustrations, challenges, the gaps. But they don't necessarily know the root cause, or what is the thing that they have to shift, the thing that they have to change to no longer be experiencing this, these symptoms. These are the people who, like I said, are not going to be immediately ready to take action, or perhaps they haven't yet developed the knowledge and the understanding of why they need to change, why it's important, but they are aware of the fact that they're experiencing things right now that they don't want to be experiencing, and so in our content or in our messaging and our positioning, when we're speaking to The symptom aware person. We don't want to get them sold on our solution. We don't want to give them offers. We don't want to help them see, you know, the benefits of working with us. What we would rather do instead is help them understand the root cause of their symptoms. Why are they facing the problems that they are? Why are some of these symptoms persistent? Where are they coming from, what has originated them? So we really want to help them get a deeper understanding of their problem, before we move them up the awareness ladder and we start helping them understand what the solution is. Now, once we've done that, or once our awareness, you know, ladder. Has been elevated a little bit. We will come face to face with people who are problem aware. Now, these people are a bit more aware than these people, because while these people had no idea what the root cause of their issue was, these people are very aware of what their root cause problem is, and they might even actively be looking for a solution. So they're aware of what they need to shift or implement, but they easily fall for Band Aid solutions, and they might not entirely know what method or what solution is going to help them make meaningful progress. So what I mean by this is, let's say you have a diagnosis, or let's say you know what the root cause of whatever problem is that you're facing, you know what the thing is that need to needs to be shifted. But now you're on the market, you're on the internet searching for a solution, and you are bombarded with solutions. So let's use the example of not seeing conversions through your social media content. This is what I get very frequently. People are aware that they need to elevate their messaging. They're aware that the way that they're currently posting and showing up is not creating clients, and so they understand that it's a messaging issue. But then when they go to research the solutions, they're bombarded with, you know, Funnel Hacking and email list building and, you know, 1,000,001 different messaging and positioning offers, and they're feeling really torn and overwhelmed by what the advice that is that exists on the internet. You know, some people are telling them to speak to pain points. Other people are saying that speaking to pain points is unethical. Some people are telling them that they need to post three times a day, and other people, like myself are telling them they don't need to post three times a day. And so while they're aware of what their problem is. It's extremely difficult for them to know what is the way forward, what is the solution that they need to implement in order to start seeing meaningful progress. And so for the types of content that we want to speak about at the problem aware level is we want to call out some of the band aid solutions or some of the problematic methods that are being taught. We really want to take a bold stance for why we have decided to solve the problem that we do in the way that we do it. Why is our approach unique? Why is it different? Why is it superior? And so we're essentially building the case for, for example, if I use the pain point marketing example of that that you know, two people might be looking or one person might be looking at myself and somebody else as a potential messaging strategist to invest into, and one person is telling them, do not use pain points at all. It is unethical. And I might be saying, well, no, actually, we can use pain points in a very ethical way, so that we can empathize with our clients, and so that our clients can see that we really understand what are the problems that they need solved? And so I'm building the case for my approach. And while I might not be directly selling them into an offer, I'm helping them gain a deeper understanding of why I solve the problems that I do, the way that I do, and how this is going to benefit them in the long run. Now this last category over here. This is when people are really, really, you know, they've done their research. They're aware of their symptoms. They're aware of what is causing their symptoms, and they might even now be warmed up to understanding what methods best resonate with them. So someone might be coming into my world and being like, you know what I really resonate with? Your way of approaching messaging. I love your cell without selling method. I love how lean back you are in your business. I love how you're not pushy with your sales tactics. I love that you are very in depth with your content. You know, I'm not just posting very surface level one liners. I'm writing really deep, meaningful essays on some of my beliefs and my philosophies and my teachings. Someone might really resonate with that. So at the solution aware level, this is a person that they understand their problem, they understand your method, so they're aware of your particular solution, of what it entails. But now they need to know why you were the right person for them. So they need to see that you have the same values, the same approaches, and that you have proof that you've been able to get results for either yourself or for others. And this is where it becomes really important to differentiate yourself using a personal brand, because at the solution aware level, people now understand your method. They understand the benefits of why they would want to work with your particular offer or approach. But now you're no longer competing on the promise, or you're not. You're no longer completely competing on the the

Speaker 1  09:22
you know, the way that you solve the problem, you now want to make sure that they resonate with you, like why are you the best option for them? Why are you the person that they might resonate with? And so this goes beyond your expertise and educating them on the problem, but this is where, when we're building demand, we're making sure that we're building demand for you as the as the entire brand itself. There was someone in the comments yesterday that talked about how when they were coming into this program, they didn't even fully know the details of what this program entailed, but because they had been following me and resonated with my personality myself. Dial my character traits for a long time, they knew that this program is going to be right for them. So this, again, goes to show that this individual, and I'm sure many others of you in this program as well, you guys, were likely aware of what the problem was that you were facing in your business. You knew that you know, you've been trying all these methods of of trying to fit the mold and trying to post often, trying to use copy templates and frameworks, and frameworks, and it just wasn't working for you. You might have also resonated with my way of doing things. So you were aware of the solution. You knew that it was a messaging issue. You knew that it was maybe a brand identity or brand foundation issue. You might have felt wobbly in what is your method? What is your approach, what is your unique stance? What do you stand for? Like some of those questions might have been might have been harder for you to answer, and so you knew that you were looking for a coach or a mentor that can help you approach messaging in this unique way. Now, because you are so aware, you are ready to invest. You were ready to purchase in someone. Not sorry, not purchase in someone. Invest in someone and purchase a product that was going to solve your problem. But now you were no longer looking at whose promise was the sexiest or whose promise was the juiciest. You were likely, at a subconscious level, looking at who is the provider, who is going to best fit your way of doing things. And you were likely drawn to me because we both shared the same values, the same approaches, and because you've likely followed my content long enough, or even if you haven't, even if you're new to my world, you likely have read a couple of posts and said, You know what, I really like the way that this girl thinks so in the context of demand building, let's tie it back to that. When we're thinking about building demand for our offers and services. We really want to focus on educating our audience at each level, so that we're slowly cultivating that demand within them for them to understand first of all, what is the problem that they will solve when working with us? What is the unique method that you will use while working or well, that they will use while working with us, and why would they choose you? What is it about your style, your your way of doing things, your your perspectives and your personality that really vibes with who they are? Because again, at the end of the day, we're social creatures, and we want to make sure that we're investing in people and we're learning from people that mesh with our values. So that's what we want to keep in mind every time we go to write content. Now, as I've said many times on these calls, the scope of this program is not to get deep into the context of messaging and the different content types inside narrow message I have like a whole system that breaks down for each level. You know, what are the types of content that we want to talk about? And again, I don't want to overwhelm you guys with thinking about that just yet, for the context and for the scope of this call and for this program, I just really want to whet your appetite when it comes to demand, building for you to understand that demand is not just out there, like, what is it that we need to say to capture people's attention? It's also the way that we are framing our content to speak to the different levels of awareness so that people know what it is exactly that they're going to get while working with us. Now I'm not reading your mind, but I'm sure many of you are asking yourselves, what is the right ratio, or how many of the symptom aware versus problem aware versus solution aware posts that you need to make? There is no correct ratio, because each and every one of you have a very different business. You also have a very different style of posting, different medium of posting, different frequency and consistency of posting. And so it is not right for me to tell you what is the right ratio of content, but you want to have a well spread out messaging ecosystem that speaks to the symptom aware, which means helping them become aware of the reasons why they're experiencing the symptoms. Next, you want to have a decent amount of posts that talks to the problem aware person, where they know what the problem is, but you want to call out some of the band aid solutions, some of the things that they've seen, some of the things that they've you know, perhaps maybe tried and explained to them why it hasn't worked and why your way of doing things is different. And then you also want to speak to the solution aware people who are very aware of what you know their issue is and what they need to do to solve it. But now you want to get them sold on you. The big mistake I see people making at the solution aware phase is that they're trying to compete on the claims. And as we talked about on the call, we really want to make sure that you're not just competing based on the tangible outcomes. Because again, when you when you compete on tangible outcomes, every other person out there that sells something similar to you can also promise the same things. If I say, I can help you get to 10k months, somebody else can help you get to 10k months as well. That That doesn't really create much of a differentiation, and it also doesn't position my authority in any way. What we want to make sure that we're doing here is we're getting people sold on our ideas, getting them sold on our values, getting them sold on our personality traits. And I know that this is a hard. On because, you know, there's, there's always that resistance towards, well, how much of my personality do I want them to know? How much of me do I share? And trust me, guys, we will get into that component of it a little bit later in this program. But just for the sake of demand, I want you guys to understand that to build demand for your products and services. These are the different levels of awareness that we need to communicate to now,

Speaker 1  15:21
let's get a little bit deeper than that. Along with the awareness stages in the market, there's always there's also market sophistication. So market sophistication is essentially looking at how educated and how prevalent is your solution in your space. So for example, if we were to come out with a completely new invention that nobody has ever seen, let's take the electric car. For example, when the electric car initially came out, it was completely new, right? Like, oh my goodness, a car that does not run on fossil fuels, a car that is completely rechargeable, a car that doesn't need to stop for gas like it was a big deal, right? And so what we had to do or not we but the people who invented electric cars, they were entering a immature market, and in an immature market, not very many people actually understand the scope of your product. They don't understand the benefits of it. They might not understand the needs of it. And so it requires a lot more education to help people understand why they would want to go for an electric car versus just a regular car. So in the immature market, there's very little widespread knowledge about the problem that you solve, its relevance or the solution that you offer. The positioning strategy will heavily rely on educating and demand creation for the category and domain itself. There's little to no competition that exists in this category at all. Another example that I often use to describe the immature market, or even when we're thinking about the symptom aware, but not the problem or solution aware, is the Squatty Potty. And I might have used this example in previous containers if you've learned from me before. But for those of you who don't know what the Squatty Potty is, it's it's essentially a little stool that you put underneath your your feet so that you can go to the bathroom a lot more anatomically correct. We know in many cultures to go number two in the bathroom, we need to be in a squatted position in order for it to be a seamless process, and yet, unfortunately, in many Western cultures, we are sitting in a 90 degree angle when we're on the toilet, and that can actually cause a lot of straining and a lot of unnecessary straining and a lot of issues when it goes when it comes to going to the bathroom. Now the reason why I'm sharing this example is because squatty potty is basically just it. It's a very simple product. It's just a little footstool that you put underneath your feet when you're going number two, so that it makes the the experience totally effortless and a lot easier to do. Now, why is this important? Because when the squatty potty first came out, they were entering an immature market, meaning they were solving a problem that people did not even know they had. Now you can argue that people were probably in the symptom aware phase. And without getting too graphic, the symptom aware might have been the people who knew that when they go to the bathroom they don't fully feel satisfied. They might feel like it's it's taking them longer. They might feel like they need to strain a little bit more. You know all of the details, not needing to get into the nitty gritty. I'm sure you guys all know where I'm coming from when I'm describing these pain points, but there might have been some pains and frustrations and daily challenges when it came to going number two in the bathroom. Now, in this immature market, while people knew that this was a problem, nobody really knew that there was a way to fix it. Nobody really knew that there was a solution for this problem that they were facing. And so what Squatty Potty had to do? And if you guys remember their infamous commercial with the unicorn that was pooping rainbows, if you haven't watched it, I highly recommend that you do, even if it's just for in you know, entertainment's sake, you can go on to YouTube and put on Squatty Potty commercial. It's famous, but essentially, in an immature market, Squatty Potty really had to educate people on the benefit of being in a deep squat position to go to the bathroom. Why? Because not very many North Americans understood why that was the case, because they'd always gone to the bathroom in a seated position, and they didn't understand why you needed to be in a deep squat in order to go number two, and so Squatty Potty had to do a lot of demand creation and educating so that people actually understand the need. This is the need creation, or the demand creation category, where people don't even understand what the problem is and why they would want to solve it. Now, when the market becomes a bit more educated, and when there's perhaps a bit more of a prevalent solution that exists within your category, this is where you now enter an emerging market. So in the emerging market, you have people awakening to the problem, the new paradigm, and the early adoption of the solution that you offer. So this is where people kind of now understand, if. We were to continue on with the Squatty Potty example. People here now understand the importance of being in a deep squat position to go to the bathroom so they're aware of it. And they might not. They might not have the means of just squatting themselves onto the bathroom. They might realize that, oh, I might need a little footstool underneath me so that I can get into that position as I'm sitting on the toilet. And so they might be now in the market looking for a product or or, you know, a a footstool, or something that allows them to do that. So the positioning strategy, which, by the way, means competition is a bit higher in this category, your positioning strategy will be focused on further educating people on the importance of addressing the problem and building the case for your brand's specialty and demonstrating why one particular solution outweighs the other. So let's let me use an example of this again, continuing with the whole Squatty Potty analogy here, let's say that the Squatty Potty is made out of plastic, and another company comes out and their squatty potty is made out of wood and and let's say this wood is some sort of special wood that has grounding properties. I'm just making this up, guys, just as we go now, Squatty Potty has addressed the core problem, which was, which is, we need to be in a squatted position to have a seamless number two experience. But we now want to demonstrate how maybe this other product, because we're now in a more sophisticated market, meaning people are looking for the solution of getting into a deep squat position. We might now have to build the case for why, instead of going with a plastic squatty potty, you might want to go with a wooden Squatty Potty. And what are the benefits of having a wooden Squatty Potty over a plastic one. So do you notice how the content strategy or the positioning strategy is no longer helping people understand why they need the product in the first place, but it's now focused on why your method or why the unique properties or the unique mechanism that your process uses is far more conducive to getting them results. This is what's focusing now, on your brand specialty. So what is it about your brand, or your way of doing things that's superior to others? Then finally, when we get into a mature market, this is where there is far, far widespread knowledge on the problem, its relevance and mass adoption of the solution that you offer. So think about the coaching industry. Think about, you know, mindset coaching. Think about health coaching. Think about business coaching, just like the online industry as a whole, I would say, has now entered its mature market phase. Why? Because many people are aware of the problems that they need solved, and there's also even more people offering solutions, such as programs, courses, memberships, you know, consulting, retreats, stuff like that. There's an overabundance of it, right? Just Just scroll your Facebook or Instagram feed, and I'm more than certain you will come across at least five offers within this this space. So when you're in a mature market, your positioning strategy is now heavily focused on building demand for the brand and the name, rather than the solution itself. This is where personal branding comes into play. This is why now, in a mature market, it's no longer about your offer. It's no longer about hey, the way, like I have this thing, and it's going to be so great, it's six weeks long, and we're going to have this many calls, and it's going to transform your life. People already know that that solution exists. What they want to know is, what is it about your way of solving their problem that is going to trump every other solution that is out there? What is it about you as the brand, as the coach, as the practitioner? What is it about your values, your characteristics, your perspectives that they resonate with. So it's heavily focused on building demand for the brand as a whole, not the solution itself. Now I'm sure you guys can see some parallels here between the symptom aware and the problem aware. This is focused on the people, so the specific individuals in your market that will likely have demand for what you do, whereas this over here is focused on the market. So what is going on in the market? And based on how educated your market is, how do you want to position your product or service, or what level of awareness are people at, or what level of sophistication are they at? And how do you now want to communicate the benefits of what you do so that it fits the level of market sophistication. So regardless of where you're at in business, whether you're starting out, you're experienced, you

Speaker 1  24:33
have multiple offers, or you've barely even created your first offer, I first and foremost, want you to ask yourself, which market are you in in the field that you're in, whether it's health or wellness or energetics or leadership coaching or just any, any field that you're in, are people aware of the solution that you offer? Are you in an immature market where nobody understands the benefit of what you do, or nobody understands why they need the thing? Are you. In an emerging market where people have an idea of what it is, but they might not fully understand which solution is best for them. Or are you in a mature market where people are consistently bombarded with the solution that you offer, and now it becomes a matter of you actually positioning the thing that you do and how you do it and who you are as the differentiator like this is this is not just positioning it as like here's why my product is superior, but here's why our company ethos are superior. Here's why we do what we do in this way. Here's what we believe, here's our values, here's our mission. Here are the types of people that we work with. Okay, now I have a very practical example of how we can apply this. And I was actually looking for an example online, and I came across this graphic, and I said, like, chef's kiss, this is exactly what I want you guys to know. So the formula that I want you guys to keep in mind as I'm going through this example is when you are positioning something where any piece of content that you create that is meant to build demand for your products and services and offers, I want you to think of this is what your audience, this is what your readers or your listeners need to take away from each content piece. We want to start reinforcing this idea. So the formula is, if you want to blank, then you should consider blank rather than blank, because blank. Now let me use my own product, you know, building a neuro brand, as an example of this, the core idea that I wanted to convey, which, by the way, the formula here, this is the psi. You guys remember the psi the predominant selling idea. The predominant selling idea acts as a compass so that anytime you go to launch something new, you understand what is the main idea that you are trying to convey, or the main idea that you want people to know? What is it that you want them to take away from your content so that you can start building demand towards your offers. If I use building a neuro brand to fit into this formula, I could say if you want to build a brand of substance that stands out and consistently brings in qualified leads, then you should consider these five foundational brand building elements rather than starting a new marketing program or downloading a new copywriting template, because in order for you to stand out today, in order for you to attract team clients, in order for you to become the in demand personal brand that you know that you deserve to be, it is less about the words, it is less about the marketing strategy, and it's more about what is the core idea that you're conveying. And because unless you have a solid brand identity, unless you understand the five foundational elements of creating a brand, it becomes really difficult for you to go out there and market yourself. Now I know that's a really long winded version of this formula, and that is only because I'm well versed in my message, and I'm very knowledgeable in the message that I want to convey to you guys. But I want you guys to use this exercise to create your psi if you want to blank so if you want to reach this desire or attain this outcome or overcome this pain point,

Speaker 1  28:22
then you should consider and then here's your solution, here's the minimum viable product, here is the unique mechanism, here's the process, or whatever it is that you do with people, rather than whatever it is that they're likely turning to, or whatever it is that they think they need to do because And then you're building up the reasons why they need to believe why your product is better than this. Now this comes into play for the different levels of market sophistication. For this reason, this is a phenomenal example of how to change your positioning and your messaging based on the level of market sophistication. So for this example, we are using ice baths, right? We are using the the concept of being dunked in cold water and why it's good for you. So change your positioning based on market maturity. Imagine you're trying to sell an ice bath. Now, over here, we have the immature market. So this is back in the day. They're saying here, it's the early 2010s I guess, when people really did not understand the benefit of dunking themselves into water, why they would want to be underwater. What's the benefit of being in cold water? Why would someone want to subject themselves to this kind of torture? So in this description, almost nobody knew the benefit of it. And so the positioning approach was not to start selling cold plunges, but it was to focus on selling cold plunges as a better activity than other activities like meditation, at achieving an outcome, so enhancing mental resilience. And so if we look at the formula here, what we're saying is, if you want to enhance mental resilience, then you should consider daily cold. Plunges rather than daily mindfulness meditation, because, and then we're going to build the case. So for this one in particular, it's talking about like endurance and exposure to, you know, cold water can release dopamine and blah, blah, blah, which works more rapidly than meditation. And again, I'm not saying I agree with this. I'm just using this as an example. Now notice how, if we were creating a content strategy or messaging strategy behind this, the core idea that we wanted to convey would be this. So to build an enhanced mental resilience, you would want to do daily cold plunges over meditation. Because here are the benefits. Do you see how we are not selling a particular product? We are selling the concept. We're helping people become more aware of their desire or their need to enhance mental resilience, and we're helping them understand the mechanism that is going to help them get there. We're showing them the why, the reason behind this. So again, this is not a this is not a complete marketing strategy, but this is an example of what a marketing campaign would originate from, what would be the core idea that is like the anchor point of a marketing campaign, because these guys, at this stage, in the early 2010s could release a whole educational series, a whole bunch of Instagram posts, a whole bunch of carousels or videos that all talk about the end goal of enhancing mental resilience, and why doing cold plunges. And what you know, what the biology of cold plunges are, what it does to your neurochemistry, what is it doing to your muscles? What is it doing to the body, the hormones, all of that, like, we could get really deep into helping them understand the benefit of it. So this is stage one for an immature market. Remember how I said with the squatty potty when they first came out, they had to do a lot of like client education or audience education on why you want to be in a super squatted position. Now let's move on to the emerging market maturity. So this is, let's say from they're saying from 2015 to present, where people were now becoming more and more aware of the benefits of ice baths. Maybe it was growing popularity due to influencers or people who are just, you know, talking about it. Maybe the biohacking community had adopted it at this point, so more and more people understand the benefit of getting into an ice bath. So the positioning strategy here is, if you want to do daily cold plunges, then you should consider an ice bath rather than cold showers, because blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Now here's what's interesting about the this, this phase of positioning and demand building, notice how what they're doing here is that they're building the case for why cold plunges are best to be done in a bath rather than a shower. What this tells me is that the demand of the market is I need to be doing cold plunges like there's demand for cold plunges, but people probably don't know what is the best way to do cold plunges to get the best experience or the best health result out of it. So they might just be thinking, oh, I'll just do a two minute cold shower or, Oh, maybe I'll just dip my feet in a cold pool or whatever. So now it becomes about building the case for the ice bath itself. Why is it important to get submerge yourself into a bath. Remember, up here we talked about how, in an emerging market, we're no longer talking about like, why they need to do the thing, but we're showing them how our way of doing the thing is different. You guys remember the wooden Squatty Potty versus the plastic Squatty Potty example? So now there's multiple different options and multiple different solutions in the market. It's now a matter of building the case for why our solution are and our way of doing things is better. So the description here is, you know, let's say Wim Hof goes on Joe Rogan evangelizing cold plunges as a key wellness activity, and the community starts doing cold plunges. So there's that awareness, the positioning approach is focused on selling the product or category of ice baths as a better way than cold showers to do a daily cold plunge. So we're building the case, and we're building demand for an ice bath. Over here, we were building demand on the idea of cold plunges, but now it's the idea of the ice bath. See, do you guys see it? You're following here. We're moving people up the awareness scale now when we enter the mature market. So the mature market, and we're saying here is the late 2020s which I would agree this is kind of really where, I would say 2017, to 18 is where, like the bio hacking community really took off, and so in a mature market, whereas now we're in 2024 almost 2025 Wow. There's, there's a lot of demand for cold plunges. We see so many athletes doing it. We see so many fitness influencers and wellness influencers doing it, even people who are not influencers. But there's, there's many people in the market talking about the benefit. Of being in an ice bath. We're even seeing like ice baths being at, you know, different extracurricular places, like in sports communities, and you can now do an ice bath, like at some of these big wellness events and whatever. So the point is, many people know that it exists. So now, if we're selling a product, let's say we actually have our own unique signature, ice bath, inflatable thing. Our job to build demand in the market is to help them understand why our product is superior to other products out here. Do you see the difference we're here. We weren't selling a product. We were selling why our mechanism is better than other mechanisms out there. So the mechanism is an ice bath, submerging yourself in a bath versus being in a cold shower. Now we are competing on the product and the key attributes and values of the product itself. So if you want to buy an ice bath, if you're on the market for an ice bath, you should consider this specific product rather than that specific product, because here are the benefits. So now we are actually competing on the features, the benefits, the attributes, the the values that the things that we do differently, and what makes our company different than others, maybe for every ice bath that you know they sell, they donate $500 to ocean cleanup. Again, I'm making this up, right? So maybe that's a reason that they know is something that their audience would really value and really would really appreciate, and that's something that they've incorporated. Maybe it's the carbon fiber exterior that is far superior to, let's say I don't know, a plastic exterior, and now they're building the case for why carbon fiber is so much better than a plastic ice bath.

Speaker 1  36:52
Many reasons, right? This is where we kind of get into like your unique selling proposition, like, what makes your ice bath different? So here the positioning we mentioned, focus on why your ice pod is better than other ice pad vendors like the plunge air, right? What's the difference? So that the whole purpose of me showing this to you guys is again, we're dipping our toes metaphorically. We're plunging. We are plunging into the messaging side of understanding demand. And this all ties into everything that we've spoken about, even in part one of this training, where, when people are in the market looking for something, they might not necessarily understand at stage one why they would want to buy your product, but they will want to achieve the end goal of enhancing mental resilience, notice How in the messaging and the positioning of this category, when the market is mature, we no longer need to convince people or build the case for why ice baths are helpful to enhancing your mental resilience. It is given people already know that here, that is why they're in the market buying an ice bath. Our marketing and our positioning and our entire campaign is no longer on building the case for why they need to do it and why it's good for them. It's now competing on why our way of doing it is so much better. Now in this middle piece right here, people have a demand to want to do cold plunges, but we want to show them why doing the ice bath is better than the cold shower. So again, how do you apply this to yourself? Well, you want to ask yourself, first of all, which stage of market maturity is your product or your service in? Are you in the immature market where people don't even realize they have a problem, or they know that they want to get to a specific outcome and they just simply don't know how? Or are you in an emerging market where more and more people are waking up to the problem that you solve, they understand the solution, or they understand what it is that they need to do, but they're overwhelmed by all of the solutions out there. They don't necessarily understand how to apply it all. Or are you in a hyper mature market where 1,000,001 options exist for people, and now your job becomes to help them understand why your brand and why your way of doing things is superior. So I want you guys to reflect on this a little bit, because as we kind of go deeper into some of the messaging modules, this becomes really, really important. And I would even argue, before even getting into any sort of content writing, if you don't know which category you fall into, it becomes immensely difficult to make any sort of progress, it makes it really hard to know exactly how to how to market or how to create content. And for those of you who've been creating content on a regular basis and not seeing much results, I would probably argue that you're maybe speaking to the wrong level of demand. You're speaking to the wrong level of market maturity. So we're going to come back to this a little bit later, to tie it all kind of together. We want to kind of understand positioning from a need and solution fit. So I've created this matrix to kind of recap a little bit of what we talked about up here. But essentially this matrix is looking at two planes. So there's the awareness of the need and the awareness of the solution. And so if you have a very low awareness of the need and a very low awareness of the solution, so think like Squatty Potty level. You're probably going to be in this category over here. And there's nothing wrong with being in this category. I would say that the trailblazers of industries fall into this category, like when you've invented something that is completely, excuse me, something new. So think about squatty body. Think about the electric car. Think about AI like there's, there's a whole host of new inventions that we can put into this category over here. But when these people come out, they can't just start talking about their offer, talking about their product. They need to first build the demand they need to first build the desire and help people understand why there's a need, and what is it about their solution that actually helps fulfill that need. Now, if you have awareness of your need, but very little awareness of the solution, then you fall into this category over here, where you might understand the problems, the symptoms. You might understand what is the

Speaker 1  41:02
you know, what are the problems you're looking to overcome, or what are some of the day to day challenges that you're that you want to that you want to solve, but you might not know what the solution is. So this is kind of like the the symptom aware category, where people understand that there's, there's something that's off, there's something that they're not feeling good about whether it be in their health, their wellness, their financials, their business, but they don't necessarily know what the solution is. And so in this category over here, the majority of your content needs to focus on helping them understand where these needs are coming from, where these symptoms are coming from, and what do they actually need to do to solve them now, in that process of explaining what they need to do. We don't want to solve the problem by saying, step one, here's what to do. Step two, here's what to do next, and then step three. We instead want to build the case for what is the major shift, what is the major thing they need to implement? What is the major thing they need to understand at a deeper level? So we want to help them understand what is the solution. Now, if people are unaware of the need, but aware of the solution. This is an interesting category, because there's there's many products and gadgets and services and things out there, even if the in the coaching industry like a lot of like energetic healing, or womb healing or clearing energy blocks, and there's a lot of that out there, where people are actually very aware that it exists, but they don't know why they need it. And Ding, ding, ding, many of you actually fall into this category over here. As I was reading some of your intake forms, I can understand why. Perhaps writing content seems like a drag, or it feels like you've been trying to sell your products and services forever now, and people are not buying it, and there's nothing wrong with the product or service itself, or the way that you're, you know, talking about it, it's just the level of awareness that you're speaking to might be off. So we don't really have a need solution fit. You might be hyper focused on selling them on the solution, whether it be womb healing, or whether it be inner child work, or whether it be clearing energetic blocks or ancestral healing, or whatever, you know, trauma, whatever that end solution is, people keep hearing of, you know, astrology, or, you know, whatever the solution is, but they don't necessarily know how it's relevant to them, right? So, what is it about energetic healing? What is it about wound clearing? What is it about mindfulness meditation? What is it about mindful eating, like whatever your solution is? How is that relevant to a day to day need? How is that relevant to something that people are facing in their day to day to day? What? What are the things that they are either frustrated with or being challenged by? What are some of the desires they're trying to reach? And why is it that your solution is a good fit for that? So it's almost like taking an opposite approach to over here, whereas over here, they're very aware of their needs, they're very aware of the problems, they're very aware of the things that they need solved, but they perhaps don't know that there's a solution that exists. Whereas in this category, over here, they keep hearing about these really extravagant terms, they just don't know how it applies to them. So the first time I heard about like, energetic clearing, I I had no idea what that meant. And again, if someone kept telling me that I need energetic healing, it just it wouldn't it. It wouldn't register, right? It's not speaking to a top of mind desire of mine. But if someone were to tell me like, Hey, did you know that your tendency to consistently procrastinate, or your tendency to self sabotage or whatever is actually related to certain energetic blocks that you might have picked up in childhood or through experiences. And the moment we clear those, your procrastination will go away. Well, guess what? Now you have my attention. Now I'm curious to know what it is about energetic healing that can help me move either further away from a pain point or towards an end goal. And lastly, this is obviously kind of like the golden place that you want to be. This is where people have a deep awareness of their need and a deep awareness of the solution. This is the easiest place to get people if you want to sell something. And of course, for many of you, it's going to be a process. It's going to be a process of educating them of the need and educating them of the solution. But the reason why some offers become no brainers or they're so high in demand is essentially because people have a very good idea of the need that exists. So what is it that I need? And they have a very good idea of the solution, right? The solution of, oh, that's what I need. The reason why many of you hopped into this program is also because you were aware of the need and aware of the solution. You were aware of the fact that you might have felt like your marketing strategies weren't working. You felt very stagnant in where you were in your business. You felt a little lost. You might have felt a bit confused, or maybe you had made some strides. You had made some progress. You had already created a decent level of momentum, but you have now plateaued. Maybe you were moving into a new niche or launching a new offer, and you just needed some help in repositioning yourself and like really thinking deeply and more intentionally and strategically about your brand. So when this program came up and it spoke directly to the need and described the exact solution of what you're looking for? Well, bingo, it was a no brainer to jump into this. So again, this is a process, right? So this one is probably the hardest. This is. This is a category that is going to likely take you the longest to educate your audience on. But whether you fall into this category or this one, there's particular content types and particular messaging touch points that we want to be clear on before we can move them into this category. Over here, remember symptom based content really helping people understand that we resonate with their symptoms, and building the gap, or building the desire for the solution, and the way that we solve that problem is going to be key. And then over here is helping people understand how this concept or this solution of what we do is going to be relevant to their day to day challenges and to their day to day desires. All right, hopefully that's making sense. We're getting into the final part of this presentation, which is touching on niching, which obviously you guys have heard me kind of talk about and blob about a little bit. I couldn't hold myself back these last couple of calls, because, as you guys know, I have a very unique and somewhat controversial take on niching, because I don't believe that your niche is a person. I don't believe that it fits into a demographic. I don't believe that your niche is, you know, women named Brenda between the ages of 29 and 38 like, I feel like that's just pigeon holing yourself. And again, I've seen so many people stall in business because they're so hyper focused on figuring out what their niche is, rather than going out, putting an offer out there and looking at who is attracted to the way they do things. You guys remember last week I asked you take a look around the room and tell me who is my niche. And nobody could really give me an answer, because the niche is not a particular type of person or even a particular type of business. My niche is the people who know, you know, the personal brands or the online brands who know that they have an issue when it comes to messaging, positioning and sales. And the reason why they're attracted to my way of doing things is because they resonate with my values and my ethos. They resonate with my perspectives and the way that I do things. So your niche is not a person, nor is it a demographic. And thinking of it this way can paralyze you as you spend unnecessary time trying to define your niche. Rather, it's the intersection between what you solve and how you solve it. So the people who are best fit to work with you are the people that need what you offer so you have relevance to their desires, their top of mind, things that they're either actively looking to solve, or the gaps that they're looking to fill, and they agree with your perspectives or approaches on how you solve it. So again, when it comes to messaging strategy, it becomes incredibly important to not just tell people and demonstrate to them that we understand their pains and their needs and their desires, and we have a solution, and we're so good at what we do, but we also want them to understand our approaches, our perspectives, our very polarizing takes on things they want. We really want them to vibe with us on a human level. And that's that's essentially your niche. Your niche is the needs and the desires meeting the values and ethos. And again, I'm going to say this. I feel like I've said it multiple times across these calls, but you only figure out what that is. The more you produce content, the more you get your ideas out there and look at who is best attracted to it or who best resonates with it. I didn't get into my space telling myself, you know what, I want to work with personal brands. I had no idea I'm going to be working with personal brands, and I had no idea I would be, finally, kind of focusing on messaging and positioning and brand strategy. All I knew at the time is that I was really good with words, and I knew that my ideal clients, or a lot of businesses out there, struggled with words. They struggled with understanding how to articulate themselves. So I just started there. I just started putting content out, being like, Hey, if you need someone to write your newsletters, I got you, hey, if you need someone to write your ads, I'm really good at that. If you need someone to write your sales pages, I'm really good at that.

Speaker 1  49:55
And then as I started. Working with more and more clients, I started realizing, like, you know what, using urgency tactics and countdown timers on sales pages is really not my vibe. It just it really feels icky to me, or I really feel icky getting on a sales call and having to convince someone of why they need to put their credit card information down. Now, I really feel icky about some of the sales tactics and and just like some of the coaching industry, marketing industry norms that I'm being subjected to, and so the more I became vocal about the things that I was very outspoken about, the more certain people were attracted to my way of doing things. And they would say, Oh, finally, someone who agrees with us, someone who can see eye to eye, someone who understands why we are also equally turned off by some of the things that they were seeing in the sales and marketing and coaching industry. So my niche basically crafted itself by me getting really good at fulfilling needs and desires, and that evolved from done for you copywriting to copy coaching to then actually teaching, messaging and positioning, and I got even more deeply convicted in some of my values and my perspectives and some of the out of the box ideas that I had and my niche. Are all of you guys, right? All of you are here because, because you agree with both of this, you have a need that I fulfill, and you also agree with my way of doing things. That's why you're here. So I want you guys to start thinking about your niche. In that sense, consider this matrix when you're thinking about your niche. And again, very similar to the matrix I had above, you have your relevance to values and you have the relevance to needs. So these are the different types of people that will fall within your audience. And again, trying to appeal to everybody is is just going to be difficult. And also trying to appeal to a very, very specific minority is also going to be difficult, because you're going to feel like your work is multifaceted and you're multi passionate, or your work can go beyond the scope of just working with one type of person. So the relevance to values over here when that's high, but then the relevance to needs is low, that's where you get the people who I call your cheerleaders. So your cheerleaders are people who like who will cheer you on. Obviously, they might agree with your ideas, your perspectives, they might agree with your hot takes, and they might agree with what you're doing and how you're doing it, but they don't necessarily actually have the need. They don't have the problem that you solve. They don't really have the gap of what it is that you want to do. And so what becomes important for us to know is sometimes our cheerleaders. So the people who are always engaging with our content and liking and commenting and sending us messages and being like, wow, this really hit home. They're not meant to be ideal clients. And guys hear me out on this, just because someone is liking and commenting and supporting does not mean that they're interested in buying from you. That is a huge misconception. I know. When we're eager to serve and we're eager to sell, anytime someone is regularly commenting or liking or posting or whatever we feel like, oh my gosh, this might be an ideal client, and they might be, but here's the thing, some people are just cheerleaders. They might not actually have the need of what it is that we solve. They might not actually have the problem, or they might not be in a place right now where they're actively looking for a solution, so they will support you and cheer you on, but that's about it. Now. On the opposite end of that is when we have people who have a high relevance to our needs or the needs that we fulfill, but then they have low relevance to our values. These are the lurkers. So I want you to think about someone who maybe you follow in this space, or maybe has a unique process or a product or an offer, or something that you know is really valuable and something that you know you probably need, but there's something about their brand that turns you off. Maybe they're attributed to a certain way of thinking, whether it's a certain ethos, maybe it's a certain political party. Maybe it's the way they carry themselves, maybe it's the way they cuss often. Maybe it's just, it's just anything that has to do with them as a personal brand or their way of solving the problem you don't necessarily agree with. So even though they might have an offer that is very juicy and tangible and relevant to something you are actively looking to solve, the way that they're doing it, and the way that they're showing up, really turns you off. Maybe they're really hyper sexualized in their space, or maybe they're very edgy, or there's just something about their brand that turns you off. Maybe you strongly disagree with some of their personal opinions on things. And so again, they might have something that is appealing to you, but you're likely not going to buy from them because they don't resonate with your values. That this has happened to me multiple times, where I've almost invested into a coach or a mentor, and then I've looked at their who they were and their values and how they carry themselves, and I'm like, You know what? This person's actually not for me. So you might be lurking because their content resonates, and you might be lurking because you are learning new things every time you read their content or consume their material, but they're not your ideal clients. Or sorry, they're not. You're not their ideal clients. Now, of course, the golden category over here is when someone has a deep relevance to your values and a deep relevance to your needs, like all of you guys, right? Like how we covered over here, it's the needs and the values. So. If someone really resonates with the way you do things and they also resonate with the the problem that you solve, then these are your ideal buyers. Of course, if you have someone who this is kind of like, you know, a given, a no brainer, obviously, if someone does not resonate with your values and who you are as a person and has absolutely no relevance to your needs. These are your non followers. These are people's pages that you fall on, or maybe they fall on your page, and if they just don't vibe with you, or you have no value to offer them, they're likely not going to be followers. And again, it's a huge mistake to think that just because people exist out there and you know that you could probably help them with something that you want to help them, that will become a major key piece when we talk about messaging, is making sure that we're speaking to the right level of buyer. And you can't want transformation more than people do. Meaning, if people have not self identified as having a need that they want solved, it doesn't matter if you see the potential in them, or you know that you can help them in some way, shape or form. You don't want to spend your time convincing these people why they need to change. You are much better focusing on the people who already have a level of awareness of their needs and who actually vibe with you as a person. Don't follow. Don't focus on converting these guys or educating these guys and whatnot. All right, so that's basically the description I gave over here, and I wanted to touch on one tiny, last little thing here before we before we log off, and that is the creator, or the that is the archetypes. Because here's what ended up happening with a lot of a lot of you who's going to go through this like niching exercise and really get clear on, like, you know, what are the needs I solve and what are the values I want to be known for? You might be telling me, Well, promise, my niche is actually not one type of person, it's actually multiple types of people. Or the problem that I solve looks different, or the desires or the outcomes that I provide look very different for the multiple levels of people that I help that can very much happen. It doesn't necessarily mean that you don't have a niche. Your niche is still this middle of people who resonate with your values and people who have the need, but the need might be manifesting for them in different forms. So let me share a personal example here. So if you guys remember the video that was on the sales page for this program called out three different types of archetypes, right? You guys remember that I said there's the people who are just getting started with their brand. They're emerging brands. They're trying to figure out, like, how to position themselves, what to offer online, how to create demand, and they're just overwhelmed with all the information. Then there's the people who are transitioning. So there's the people who feel like they have a large amount of knowledge and and from from different fields. It could be from corporate, it could be from a previous business. It could be from just, you know, any sort of other background, and now they're transitioning their offer, or who they're serving, or how they're serving, or they're just, they're just in a transition period, right? So there's the people who are in that transition period, and then there's the people who feel like they have so many ideas and so many different areas that they help people solve, they have no idea how to consolidate it into one core thing.

Speaker 1  58:09
As I was going through those descriptions, I basically just described three archetypes to you. So what I realized when I was doing my market research for this program is that the person who is best fit for this is not just one type of person. All of you have the same root cause problem of not having a solid personal brand, not having a solid brand foundation, but the way that that problem comes up for each and every one of you looks very different. And so I put together this this sheet, and obviously you guys have access to it, but this sheet over here, and you don't have to have, you know, three, four or five types of client archetypes, but I just put many options for those of you who might I want you to ask yourself when you get really clear on the problem that you solve. So again, using myself as an example, the problem that I solve within the context of this program is I help you build a solid brand foundation. I help you build a a very solid, convicted standpoint in your industry. I Help You Get clear on what it is that you do, so that you can go out and start marketing with integrity. But that's going to look different for various different people, and so those three archetypes that I described on that video would fall into these, let's say, three archetypes over here, and then what I would want to do is move them through these different messaging touch points. Now, again, this is going to get repetitive, because many of the market research questions are already answering these questions over here, but what I want to know is for each archetype. So for each type of person that I help, what are the relevant pain points and problems? What goals did this client have? What are the desirable outcomes? What does this client think they need to do to achieve these goals? What are the fears and hesitations? What are the current external obstacles that stand between them and changing? How they approach the problem. You know, what would be the proposed plan of action for this client? So, you know, for this client, number one, like, what would I want them to do? What would they want them to consider? Maybe, what are some of the tools I use? And then what are the possible desired outcomes if the clients follow your process? And then what tools, resources or modalities? So things that you do with them would be most relevant to where they are. So essentially, what this is doing is, if you are feeling like, well, there's so many different problems I solve for so many different people, I don't want you to think about your niche as one particular type of person. Instead, ask yourself, if I have one root cause problem. Okay, if there's the root cause is one thing. How could that root cause be showing up differently for different people? So if someone doesn't have a solid brand Foundation, how could that problem be showing up for people in different ways? Well, for some people, it might be, you know, feeling stagnant with their marketing, like they're churning out content. They're constantly showing up, and yet they're not seeing any results with it. For other people, it could be they're in the midst of a transition, and they have no idea how to pivot from that previous career or previous business into this new way of doing things and into this new business. For other people, they might feel like they're just overwhelmed by all the ideas that they have, like they have no way to consolidate it. They have so much wisdom and so much experience from so many different fields, and they just have no freaking clue how to put it together in a cohesive brand strategy. But all of it comes back down to them lacking clarity on these five foundational brand pillars that I'm going to be teaching you in this program. And so it would be a helpful exercise before getting into the messaging and content piece, to go through these questions for each archetype that you come up with, because essentially, the demand exists within the confines of the spreadsheet. Anytime you want to now turn to writing a piece of content, you can come and ask yourself, what is a relevant pain or problem that is in my client's current situation? This is how you start slowly building demand and raising awareness for the different levels of awareness and market sophistication that exist in your space. So to wrap this up, we want to make sure that we understand when it comes to demand, building it is far more about understanding the unique jobs and needs of your market, rather than spending months or weeks doing market research of just asking people, Hey, would you buy this or, Hey, would you like this solution? And we really want to make sure that we're understanding again, that demand exists in the space if we have created a solution, if we have embarked on a journey. If we have taken a certification program, or if there's other people in our space that are offering the same things as we are, there's a very high chance that there is demand for what we do. But now it becomes a matter of understanding. A, what do you specialize in? What do you feel good about solving? And B, how do you then position it to speak to the market demand? Where are people at in their journey, right here, right where are they at in the market sophistication? Or is what you're offering something completely new? It? Does it exist in the space? Or is it hyper prevalent, and do many people know it? And then additionally, how aware are people of their problem? Are they aware that this, you know this, this problem is something they need to solve. Are they aware that there's multiple solutions that exist? And are they aware of your unique way of doing things? Are they aware of this? Again, this is all tying into building demand. And of course, we want to make sure that we're not just building demand for our products or services. We're actually building demand for our brands as a whole. Because if we're competing on products and services, then we will always have competition. We will always be positioning ourselves to seem better than other people. We don't want to do that. The way to create a category of one is to build evidence for not just the way that you solve your problems, but why people would choose you. So to create demand for your brand as a whole, you don't want to focus on the individual product or offer. You want to become known for discussing a specific type of subject matter. You want to own a genre of content and become a known voice in your space. You want to become associated with the result value or the transformation that you provide. So this is the big difference between creating brand demand versus offer demand. And I would argue, in today's space, so many people are competing on just making their offers stand out. This is why I don't agree with the whole you know sell your offers, talk about your offers more. Drop more links, make more invites, make more asks. The reason why I don't agree with that is because you're then just competing against other people's offers, rather than focusing on educating your audience, helping them understand the value of your unique mechanism, helping them understand what it is a. About the way that you solve the problem that is so much better or so much more unique than what they've tried. You also want them to see your company values, the stories, the emotional connection. What is it about the way that you think and you approach the problem that really helps them connect with you and your essence? What is it about your behind the scenes. Was it about the insights that you've learned, the lessons you've accumulated over the years, like really allow the unique aspects of your personality and of your thought processes to be shown so that people can build the demand for the overarching brand and not just what you do? All right? Well, that brings us to the end of this lesson. Hopefully this was valuable, and hopefully you guys were able to take away much from it. Obviously, I don't expect you to guys to implement all of this right away. Like I said, These lessons are meant to just give you all of the knowledge and goodness and insight so that you understand the concept that we're learning here. In this case, it was demand building. And of course, if you have questions, you can drop them in the group. We are going to have an implementation session next week so that we can take everything that we've talked about in terms of brand building, demand building, and, you know, all the things, and start kind of applying it to your particular businesses. So hopefully this was valuable, and I will see you guys next week.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai