Speaker 1  00:07
I just got back from from Toronto. I was there for a multi day in person, immersive experience thing for the last three days, and it was intense. But I have to say guys, and I know I said this in my stories as well. Honestly, in person, energy is so different, I can't explain it. Like, obviously, the work I do with my clients I love, and it's so rewarding, and it's so like, everything I do is, you know, it's, it's phenomenal. The connections that I have with my clients are amazing. However, meeting people in person, and especially when it's been people that you've worked with for an extended period of time, like virtually, you feel like you know them, and then you meet them in person, and it's like it's a completely different experience. You guys go deep into you know each other's lives and into relationships and into their upbringing, and it's, it's just so much more rewarding that way. So I feel like my brain is buzzing with with ideas. There's a deeper level of intimacy and market research that happens when you're no longer just looking at people like consumers or customers and looking at them as you know, what is the problem that I need to solve? What is the thing that they're coming to me for? What is the thing that I'm going to have to put in my messaging? Or how do I craft my offers around what it is that they need from me, and instead, just start looking at them as humans, just as humans with very complex lives, with needs, with wants, with desires, with with goals, with things that they themselves want to accomplish for themselves. And it's it's not just from a rewarding aspect, from the provider, from the practitioner, but just to really recognize that the people that we're working with are complex humans, and they're not just here to accomplish a goal or get a task, you know, taken off of their list or buy a product or or reach an outcome. These are people that are you know, that they have families and they have jobs and they have things that they're navigating and things that they're juggling and experiences that they're integrating all at the same time. And so it really helps you understand why humanization of our brands is so important where it's no longer just, you know, getting getting the right messaging and creating the perfect offer and making sure our sales process is exactly crafted in a way that gets conversions, but it's so much more about, how do we actually create our brands with that human in mind? And, you know, as I've mentioned, I've gotten a little bit more vocal about this perspective, and it's not that I'm enforcing my viewpoint on you guys, but this, this movement around looking at businesses from this anti or, you know, I guess I can call it anti this anti scaling perspective, where it doesn't mean that I'm demonizing money or that I'm demonizing growth or I'm demonizing scaling in general, but making sure that we're we're creating businesses that are harnessing real relationships and real connections with people, not just businesses that are appealing to strangers on the internet or not viewing consumers as people who are just going to passively buy from us. We're looking at everyone from $1 sign perspective. Now, obviously, if you guys are here, I already know that this type of messaging or that kind of way of way of thinking is not resonating with you guys, and that's why you guys are in this program in particular. But this past weekend was just such a great reminder that, yeah, we're dealing with real humans, and you think you might know your clients, or you you think you might have that that deep connection with your audience, but it isn't until you actually connect with them at a very deep level that you realize that the work that you're doing is so much more than just the work. There's an imprint that you leave with every single person that you touch, and whether it's through a virtual experience, whether it's one on one group, passive the vehicle, does not matter. I think what really matters is this lens of viewing your business as an extension of your mission, and viewing your business as a a living, breathing organism that is creating an impact with every single person you come that you come across. So I know that's kind of a little bit Woo, but I felt like it was a really good reminder getting into this session today, because what we're going to be talking about today is all about brand essence and building brand character. Everything you guys have learned in this program so far has been very tactical and strategic from the perspective of, what do I solve? Who do I solve it for? Where's the demand? How do I position myself? And it's been very brain heavy, right? It's been very focused on, how do we make sure that we are clear on your positioning, you're clear on what it is that you do for your people, and you get clear on how do you create the the kind of like, know and trust through the way that you're positioning yourself. Again, the intention of this program is not to completely revolutionize the way that you guys do business. However, the intention of the program is derived, or is is coming from a place of, how do we make sure that you craft brands that people are naturally attract? To two, and part of that equation is yes, of course, making sure that you feel super convicted in your position and in your stance, so that you know exactly how you serve people, what you serve them with and and how you get them results. Of course, the framework training and kind of like that, that category chain that I've gotten you guys to go through or really understand, what is the job that you're solving all fit in this overarching puzzle of you developing that conviction in what you solve, how you solve it, and who you do it for. But what we're going to be talking about today is a little bit more abstract. We're going to be talking about the intangible aspect of the brand, which is the look in the feel and the essence that your brand gives off. And so my goal for today, I have a an exercise that I would like to walk through with you guys, and I want to kind of do it workshop style. And my hope is that I'm not going to be just talking at you for the next two hours, but rather I'm going to be going through the teaching component of this call, and then after that, I want to open it up so that we can have a discussion about brand essence and making sure that you guys feel like you're you're feeling clear on exactly what needs to happen for you to to have that, that essence that comes off of you, or get really clear on exactly how is it that you want to position yourself, not just as the authority and you know, the person that can solve people's problems, or the person who has the framework or has the process that gets people results, but really understanding what builds that connection with those humans that are looking to invest with you. Now I started off with this call by sharing my experience of meeting three of my clients in person these last couple of days. And of course, as we're having this discussion about their brands and about what brought us together, my question to them was, you know what really drew you to wanting to have this, this really in depth, one on one experience with me, and not a single person said anything that was business related, right? So they didn't say, like, Well, you're the person that's going to solve my messaging issues, or you're the person that's going to teach me how to build a framework, or you're the person that is going to help my business, triple or double, or whatever that goal was, their decision, and all three of them, right across the board, said I was so drawn to your vibe, and I was so drawn to the way that you talk about things, and I watched how you post, I watched how you talk about what you do, and I was so drawn to your opinions. I was so validated and seen by some of the things that you've been sharing over these past few months, because I felt like you were speaking directly to me. I felt like our life experiences were parallel. So many of them also mentioned things that had very little to do with what I teach as a brand strategist or as a messaging mentor, and had far more to do with like, I love the way that you express your ideas. I love the way that you've created this this essence to your brand that goes far beyond just building you know or monetizing our businesses. So if you're listening to the message behind that message, do you guys see how each one of those individuals were saying that they were buying my values and who I am as a person over what I actually did to solve their problem for them. Do you guys see how the the essence of the message and the way that I solved the problem had more weight in their decision to want to work with me than the actual problem solving itself? And the reason why I want to highlight this is because so many of us are getting frustrated, because we are so so focused on convincing people of why our mechanism or our offer or our solution is superior, is going to help, is going to be beneficial, is is going to solve a problem? And we almost like mechanicalize our message and our business. We forget that at the end of the day, it's a human that we're we're speaking to, and humans are buying from humans. They're buying the emotion that we are evoking in them. They're buying the the overall essence and the desire that we're waking up in them. And of course, we do want to make sure that we're highlighting what need is going to be fulfilled or what problem is going to be solved, or what desire we are going to help them move closer to but that's only a portion of the decision of why someone wants to work with you, especially as personal brands, and especially in today's economy. When you know, I saw someone describe it the other day as the the trust recession, which I thought was was brilliant, because not only have you know, things shifted economically, but there's also been this recession of trust that has happened from many people investing in programs and not necessarily getting what they were promised, or people going into certain fields and having an expectation and not seeing the results as fast as they would like. People are a lot more discerning with their purchases. People are a lot more you know, they're taking their time more before they make investments. They're scoping out more options rather than just jumping straight into something. Whereas how people were making decisions three years ago was very different. And so it becomes even more important to make sure that we are clear on our brand essence. And our in our brand character, in our brand values, before going out and marketing ourselves, or before going out and talking about offers and talking about what we do, because without that, that core sense of identity, without without being able to communicate what our values are, why we do things differently, what are the ways that that we want to demonstrate us, like not just the brand, but just us behind the scenes, so that we're actually connecting with the right people. Is this resonating? Do you guys? Do you guys kind of feel like when it comes to the decision making aspect, even when it comes to you guys making purchasing decisions, you're being more discerning, or you are looking into the person behind the brand more, yeah. Does anyone want to share their experience of that? Whether you want to put your hand up or drop in the chat or, yeah, Jeffrey, I saw your hand go up first.

Speaker 2  10:48
Go for it. Yeah. Appreciate it. Appreciate all the information you're coming out with, some of the personalized response. And so I've really been struggling with this, you know. And I've obviously one of the people focused on, you know, methodology and and being like, it'll work. Just do the thing. It'll work. And I've inquired into feedback, kind of on, on the branding and stuff as I wasn't getting clients, and I've gotten some feedback that I don't know what to do with, or I've been conflicted I want to do with, you know, people are like, listen, you're talking about meditation. You don't look like a meditator, right? Like, I don't look like a Buddhist monk or anything. They said you're not very attractive, right? Nice version. Like, I don't have great face and stuff. They're like, either, either get some someone that looks like a monk, like a meditator, that would make a lot of sense, or get like an attractive woman, like, hire one of the two, have them be your face and your brand will stick a lot more. Now I haven't done that, obviously, right? I'm in this program instead, so, but I have struggled with that, that aspect, and then I've also struggled with the word meditation. So I've gotten a number of rejections from people in my area, people that I know that are struggling, like, with emotional stuff. And they're like, Wow, Jeff, you just seem to not, like, not have, you know, deep emotions or something. You can get criticized. I write death threats, blackmail, attempts at bribery, because I'm politician currently and so and then it just slides off you. And I'm like, yeah, that's, like, an ability. You can have to, like, you can develop that ability as well. I actually have a program, you know, sign up. I'll put you in for free. And so, and then they're like, ooh, meditation. Like, yeah, I can't do that. That's like, against my religious beliefs and whatnot. And so both of those things are, like, my huge, super obvious branding issues, I guess. And, you know, and I haven't known what to do with them.

Speaker 1  12:41
Oh my gosh. Okay, so first of all, on that first note, like this call is going to be perfect for that, because the amount of people who've come to me in these last several months, even in the last, I would say two years in particular, who have told me, Well, I have been told to position myself as this. So in your case, it's like, well, you don't look like a meditator. First of all, what does a meditator look like? What? What does a person who meditates look like like? Yes, we have the brand association of meditation, and maybe things like yoga and whatnot being within the category of like monkism. But that doesn't necessarily mean that you need to look like that. I'm going to get into that a little bit more in depth as we're going through the workshop today. But the biggest reason why people are not attracting their tribe or attracting their people is because they have felt like they needed to morph themselves into a version of their offer or a version of their brand that is more appealing. And the moment we do that, we take ourselves away from the actual authenticity and the actual magnetism that brings the right people into our worlds. And again, the message has been repeated over and over again in the marketing industry that you know you got to look the part. You have to you have to give off this image, even within the the marketing and business space, the amount of people who have felt the pressure to give off this essence, that they're living a more abundant lifestyle than they actually are, or that they have this perfect kind of curated image of who they are behind the scenes, so that they can create credibility, or they can Create desire. If you were, let's say, a mega attractive, hot female model versus a or a monk, I would guarantee that if you still can't communicate the essence of your message, or if you can't communicate who it's for what it does, it does not matter, because the external is only going to get you so far. It's the same in dating in relationships, right? If you're going to a dating coach, and you're not getting many results with where you're at in your you know relationships or your attraction, what will happen is that, if they tell you, Well, you gotta dress better. Well, you need a makeover, you need to dye your hair, you need to lose some weight. That will only go so far when it comes to true, lasting attraction. What? Bill. That compatibility and that chemistry is you being strong in your values, you knowing your own value, you knowing your worth, and being able to match with someone who can see that in you. And as a matter of fact, the more you stray away from your authentic self and try to morph yourself into this other image that you think is going to get results, the less results you will actually get, or the results that you will get are going to be very short lived and superficial, and so we're going to park that advice and just forget about it, because you are not. You don't you do not need to be a particular image in order to attract the right types of people. What will get the right people attracted to you is you fully embodying and practicing what it is that you want to put out there, and then being able to consistently demonstrate through very precise messaging what it is that you do and who it's meant to solve or who it's meant to help. The second part of your question, we'll come back to in the messaging aspect, because I do think that you are trying to sell people on the mechanism that you use without focusing on the before and after transformation being the core pillar of what it is that you're communicating. Because when people come into your world, they're not actually purchasing meditation. Meditation is the modality, or it is the vehicle that is going to help them get to the result that they want. But it's not the actual meditation that they are purchasing. What they are purchasing is a very clear before and after that is going to be relevant to them. The example that you just shared about how you know, you might be receiving things as extreme as death threats or, you know, negative feedback, and you just kind of let it slide off of you. You don't internalize it. What that shows me is that you've developed a very strong sense of inner character. You have mindfulness around your own being, and you don't allow negative things to penetrate. That that is a very valuable skill for many people who are in high visibility positions, and it would be really helpful to have that ability and to have that skill so that they're not constantly drawn down by other people's negative criticisms, even people in this group right now might be very open to the fact that I've heard concerns such as, you know, I really want to put myself out there. I really want to get more vocal about my message, but I'm afraid of how it's going to be received, or I'm I'm afraid of backlash. So if you can help them develop that ability to just let things slide off through certain let's say mindfulness techniques phenomenal. Now we have a need that we can that we can position our offers for, but notice how now we are not communicating the effect of meditation, or not the actual modality of meditation, but we're speaking to what is the end goal that is going to be relevant for a particular population. Do you see the difference there?

Speaker 2  17:41
Yes, yeah. And I, and I'm aware, and I've become more aware through this program that that is, that seems to be the gap, because I'm just like, I'm like, the man with the hammer syndrome, you know? I'm like, boom, just meditate, simple, easy. I've got a fully trained employee. Maggie will just schedule it, it'll, it'll get going. And then they're like, that's kind of, that's kind of the response I get, right? They're like, Oh, maybe right. The other thing I'm

Speaker 1  18:04
going to mention that I think is going to be relevant for everybody else as well is that you guys remember, in the second part of our Demand training, I was talking about market sophistication. And Jeff, for you in particular, I feel like if you were starting this maybe 20 years ago, people were not as adept to understanding the mechanism behind meditation, and they actually might have been a lot more open to it, because it was something new, and it was something that not very many people had explained to them before. Now in the field of mindfulness personal development, meditation has become a very well known construct, and that is both good and bad. It's bad because people now have preconceived notions of what meditation is, and they have their own definition of what meditation means, the reason why we associate it, and these are brand associations, by the way, guys, when I say that, when you think about something and you have like an association that comes into your head when you think about meditation and you think monk, that is the mental association that people have made. They believe that it means you have to sit down for three, four hours a day. Do nothing, clear your head, just breathe and just focus on humming. That's what people have associated meditation with. And even if it's not a conscious process in their mind, meditation is not something that they need. They're not looking for meditation. Very similar to my pickleball client, who was consistently selling pickleball. Again, people were not buying the pickleball. They were buying the low impact form of exercise because that was the actual need that they were willing to pay for. So for you, and especially as we dive a little bit deeper into messaging, starting next week, I would love to see what are some of the angles that we can speak about that don't actually put meditation at the core of what it is that you do, but to demonstrate the gap between where they are now and where they want to be. So meditation, or the modality that you're using just becomes a natural byproduct of something they get access to, but it's not the thing that we are selling to them. Excellent. Thank you. No problem. Kevin, I see your hand is up, but Sasha, I had seen your hand too. Did you have a question, or did it go away?

Speaker 3  20:00
Right? Well, I have a question based on what you said you told Jeffrey. So this is the thing that I'm struggling with. First of all, I'm struggling to like, when you speak, when you told Jeffrey about the human behind the brand and all that, it makes total sense, and it's exactly the same feeling that I felt last week, but then when I have to work on the homework, I'm like, I'm looking for distraction. I'm like, This is bullshit. It's not a good angle. I don't want to do that too complicated. I don't know how to tie it back to branding and all that. And so if you have time later on, I would love to get your insights on that. But my question is, right now is, and this is where I have a hard time with that, is you talk about the before and after. But how do someone, how does someone know that you're the right person for them with the modality that you have, for example, right? If you tell me that you're going to help me get my business on the ground and you're going to help me feel like aligned with my business, etc, etc. But you're not telling me that you're doing it with some high priest magic or whatever it is, like whatever spiritual thing you're there is, right? I don't know that. And so I'm going to start working with you. I'm going to pay you to work with you, and then I'm going to, I'm going to realize that it's not aligned with me. It's not aligned with my values. So how do you actually do that? How do you actually communicate that

Speaker 1  21:21
great question. I think that there's a way to infuse that into your message without making making it the core of what you're offering. So for example, and we'll get into this in the exercise I'm going to walk you guys through a little bit later, but when I'm talking about my approach to messaging, I'm not very I'm not telling you guys exactly the tools or the tactics or the diagrams that you're going to get within this program, but what I do do is that I'm very vocal about how I'm much more skill based than outcome based. So people that work with me are not here because they want to hit a million dollars this year. They're here because they want to build the skill of marketing. What that does is that it plants the seed, or it builds the essence in people's mind that when they come into my they come into my world, it's going to be work. It is not going to be templates and formulas and strategies. So if someone is coming into my world looking for templates and formulas and strategies, they can know directly from my content, that that is not who I'm going to be serving. Another way that you can do this is to talk about your values and your perspectives and your opinions about what works and what doesn't. So if, let's say you're working with a practitioner who's using very high priestess spiritual magic voodoo on you, and that is not what you that is not what you vibe with. They what, what the correct and ethical thing to do for them in their marketing is to talk about their opinion and their perspective of how or why their modality holds greater benefit than anything else. So if they're doing the High Priestess stuff, it now becomes their responsibility to build the case in their content for why the High Priestess stuff is going to be better than just, let's say, tactical, scientific, empirical evidence. So even though they are not making it the core of their message. So going back to what I was telling Jeffrey, he's not selling meditation, these people are also not selling the High Priestess voodoo, but what they are doing through their message is that they're reinforcing why their method is something that is going to be more directly related to what it is that you're looking for and why it trumps other alternatives, right?

Speaker 3  23:38
So for Jeffrey, for example, it would be like, Hey, you want to feel comfortable putting yourself out there. And what most people tell you, for example, is that, like, white knuckle it, do it, blah, blah, blah. And what I'm doing with you is meditation. It's like taking the time to relax and reflect and all that. That would be like, the kind of messaging that you want Jeffrey to have

Speaker 1  23:57
at a very high level, yeah. So what he would be doing, yeah, he wouldn't be saying, like, what I'm doing with you is meditating. Meditation and stopping it at that. What I would prompt him to do is to go deeper into the mechanisms of meditation and to build the case for why meditation is the way forward. So and again, it kind of goes beyond the scope of, let's say, like, this call or just this program, to get into, like, the very detailed nuances of, like, how to build the case for your message. But if meditation was his thing, like, that's his modality, he would be talking around the concept of meditation, not directly to meditation, and saying, This is why meditation is so amazing. He would be talking about the benefits, the impact, the effects, the consequences of not meditating, the reasons, like the scientific reasons for why meditation works, the spiritual reasons for why meditation works, and then giving vivid examples to build the context around why someone would want to adopt a meditative approach, very similar to how if I was trying to convince or persuade someone to adopt a carnivore diet, why would they want to do. I would, I wouldn't say, well, all you need to eat is meat, because them to them. That would be like, that's a lot. That's that's a really big lifestyle change, right? Why would I want to adopt that? I would want to slowly build the case for the carnivore diet. I would want to slowly build the idea that, here's the, let's say, scientific evidence. Here are the consequences of having, let's say plant based foods. Here are some of the benefits of adopting this if you have certain conditions. So I'm building the evidence for that way of thinking, rather than being like, you need to go carnivore, and here's why. Okay, and for everybody else on this call as well, this is a huge part of messaging becoming a an ecosystem, because there's not one single post or one single video or one single, let's say, sales page that you create that encapsulates all of what you want to communicate around a particular topic. So if your, let's say, core message is you need to meditate, because XYZ, just simply repeating that message over and over and over again is not what's going to permeate permeate people's minds and hearts. What is going to permeate their minds and hearts is if you can demonstrate the importance of meditation and the role that it plays in their lives, share a personal story about why a meditative practice completely transformed how you were approaching something. Share different ways that meditation has been used in different contexts to solve certain problems. Share how it's an alternative approach to some of these other let's say mindfulness practices, and why it has that impact. So all this to say, Kevin says 10 reasons why you should meditate. Yeah. So all this to say, what we want to make sure that we're doing is that with our message, we're building an essence around it. We're not just telling people, here's what you need to do and here's how I'm going to solve it. For you, Sasha, you had a question.

Speaker 4  26:50
Yeah, I think it was kind of answered. But just to summarize thing, to make sure that I understand, it is almost, I'm a very visual person. It's almost like taking meditation, for the example for Jeffrey of like having a meditation in the center, and then almost like putting off all the different ways it impacts life. So it can be, you know, emotional resilience. It could be, you know, nervous system. It could be emotional regulation, relationships, career, and then from there, it's almost talking from those smaller circles, rather than the center

Unknown Speaker  27:26
circle, basically, yeah, okay.

Speaker 4  27:30
Because, like for me, if, like the six pack, mine will be exactly that. So it'd be like, talking about it from all those different angles, but then relating it back. And okay, exactly I had, yeah, go for it. I was like, I had one question kind of earlier around, like, might get into it around, like tone and building brand and like presentation, because the way that I speak, I think, is, like, my tone is, I mean, as, as you know, very just like bubbly And that, but at the same time, it's very direct. And so I find that sometimes when I'm writing, I it can come across a little like, not flowery, but like bubbly, kind of the bubbly. But then when I try to write, kind of tone it down a little bit, but make it more of how I'm speaking in, like, a business setting, it's almost like too, like, direct and so I think for me, like, how do you kind of balance, because we're very much the same person, or that, having that just like, emotional vibrancy, while also not coming across as, like, I'm using word ditzy, just for, like, Black better word, yeah, I was like a six foot Blonde on the internet talking about neuroscience all of that. Yeah,

Speaker 1  28:49
I feel you. Okay. My first question to you is, when you sit down to write or just communicate or just brain dump, what is wrong with how it originally comes out.

Speaker 4  29:05
I think it's the X. I think for me, it's like the two things, like the expectation I need to sound in quotes more smart, and like smarter to sound more authoritative. But then also, like my skill set is breaking things down in a very simple way. So it kind of negates, like, those two are kind of competing head to head. And I think also that in the second part of like, I'm like, Oh, it's too simple, it's too basic, it's too Yeah, I think it's simple, basic and or, Oh, it doesn't sound smart enough. It doesn't sound like I have all these degrees. Doesn't sound all this way. And my biggest thing is like, I don't want to sound like someone who just read the secret is talking about manifestations, manifestation coach, right? Someone who read to a Spencer and is now like, I'm a neuroscientist.

Speaker 1  29:58
Yeah? So. So there's an important thing I want to highlight which I think is going to be relevant for everyone here. Oftentimes, we inadvertently butcher our essence through the ego's perception of what we should sound like or how we should express ourselves. And there's nothing wrong with becoming critical over our tone. I actually think it's a healthy thing to be able to reflect and be like is this message landing the way that I want it to land? Is this message actually getting the message across to the right types of people? But there's a very subtle line between making sure that your message is conveying the right message, versus criticizing yourself on this should sound smarter, or this might go over people's heads, or I need to have a more academic tone, or I need to have a more professional tone, or that the way that I naturally express myself is too ditsy, is too bubbly, or is going to be a turn off to many people, right? So there's there's a part of us that needs to be integrated, that removes the expectation and removes the belief that we need to be anything other than ourselves to get a certain population to see us a certain way. And I think that when, especially when you have contradicting elements of your personality, and I myself, struggled with this for a very long time, I've written about it a lot as well, where it's like, I had elements of my personality that were extremely fun, bubbly, almost like kind of gangster, and then I had parts of myself that were extremely academic and, like, very business oriented. And it was like, How can do these two things coexist? And the more I tried to fit myself in either of those boxes, the more I strayed away from the natural essence of who I actually was, which was both of those things, and fully owning and integrating both of those things in the way that I show up is what creates that magnet, that magnetic pull towards my brand. I have certain posts that are very structured, very direct, very business oriented and straight to the point. I have others that are very enlightened, funny and use cuss words, and it is what it is, and I don't judge myself for either of those. And I also know that neither of those are the false version of me. They're both integrated dimensions of what makes parmese this brand,

Speaker 4  32:43
yeah, because I think those are the part like me, it's like the raccoon on meth, just, like, very chaotic, and just, you know, have that. But then there's also that very structured, like corporate business got her shit together, sort of space, and it was almost like, I can't, like being one or the other, but that, yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  33:04
well, here's, here's a reflection that I'll This is, again, just a personal thing that I've come to is the moment I myself behind the scenes, accepted all parts of me, was the moment that I was able to freely express them without overthinking. So this isn't actually a branding thing. This is a personal thing. This isn't a how do I present my brand? This is more of a have I accepted and integrated all parts of me, or do I, in my own mind, still feel like I need to fit in a particular box. And I'm going to refer back to Kevin in this because Kevin a couple of weeks ago, when we were on this call talking about, like, frameworks and whatnot, we were talking about how many people within the field of branding have strayed so far away from their true self that they feel that they need to become someone other than themselves to be taken seriously, to get the sales, to have a certain image or persona presented of themselves. This is a very core example of this. And Sasha, by the way, I'm not saying you've strayed away far from yourself, but this question, No, you're good, yeah. I'm not trying to, like, directly attack you on this in any shape, in any way, shape or form. I'm not, yeah, what I'm saying here is for all of us to notice, and again, I'm calling myself out on this too, because it took me years to actually be able to integrate this in my brand. Is that when you stop trying to portray yourself as an authority, or stop trying to portray yourself as a certain type of brand. That's when the relaxation and the full knowing and ownership of who you are and what your essence is comes through. And again, unfortunately, this is probably the hardest thing I need to decondition my clients, from which is so crazy, because, like you would think that the strategic elements of like, what's my offer, what's my message? What content do I put out there? Like some of the more brain heavy things, you think that that would be the hard part, but the hard part that I've noticed with my own clients is actually just to get them to be themselves. And the reason for that is because so many people don't even know what their true selves are or who that person is. At the core without the masks that they've had to put on to just get through life without the expectations of how I need to show up in order to be loved and I need to be accepted. And these are protection mechanisms that we've picked up all throughout our life, from childhood, teenage hood, in our work, in our jobs, with our parents, with guardians, with friends, all of the ways that we've subconsciously had to morph ourselves so that we don't lose approval, so that we fit in with the tribe, so that people accept us, take us seriously, respect us, want to work with us. And especially in the business world, the only metric that we use to measure our success is, how many clients have I gotten? How much money have I made? Have I hit my targets? How many leads have I closed? How many sales calls that I have this month? It is a very mechanical, consumerist way of thinking, and so because that is the only metric that we've used to measure success in business, we naturally feel like we need to become the thing, or we need to hack the strategy or the tactic, we need to find the right person to be the right words to say, the right content to post, the right offers to create, so that we can hit those measures, so that we can succeed in that way. And it is that way of thinking that has made us stray so far away from ourselves, when really the truer we are to our own nature and to who we are at the core, without the masks, and when we allow ourselves to be seen in that vulnerability or in full acceptance of ourselves without trying to hide the parts, that's what brings people into our world, if we are building true intimacy. And again, I refer back to relationships, because business is relationships, right? Business, at the end of the day, it's human to human interaction. It's human to human connection. So it's the very same in relationships. We don't fall in love with the person who fully has it all together, and they check off all the boxes, and everything is perfect and dandy, and they meet all of our criteria, right? We fall in love with a person that can own all parts of themselves. It is incredibly sexy to me, even within friendships, not just romantic and intimate relationships, even within friendships, when someone can own up to their flaws, when someone can self reflect, when someone has really deep self awareness and can actually vocalize that and is not afraid of Judgment, when you are owning all parts and saying, I'm seeing myself in this way. Oh, I'm noticing I'm falling into this pattern again. Oh, I can see myself, you know, moving towards this. Or, you know what? I'm really owning my expertise. I'm really owning my genius in this I know I'm good at it when there's no false humility or false let me hide this, because it might be judged. That's what makes that person so sexy. That's what makes that person so like. That's what draws you to them. It's the same in business, your audience is going to be drawn to you more if you can allow all parts of yourself to be seen, and especially when it comes to brand essence, because that is the essence, right? The essence is the intangible. It's the components that we can't explain, right? If I, if I ask you to describe your best friend or describe someone that you love or describe a a brand or something that you feel naturally drawn to. If I ask you to put it into words, I guarantee most of you will struggle to put it into words you might describe. You know, oh, well, I love the way that they talk about this, or I love this about them, or I love this component that makes them attractive. But what actually makes them attractive is the unseen. It's something you can't describe, and that unseen element is how that person owns the fullness of themselves. Marsha, I see your hand is up.

Speaker 5  39:14
Yeah, this is I didn't think I was going to be crying, but anyways, um, since I started taking this program, remember I said I thought I was in June daycare, yep. Well, listening to you here, it's even more primal than that. And why do I say that? Because I feel like right now I'm going through, I would say, an internal identification breakdown. What does that mean? I was a high school teacher for 36 years, and out of those 36 years, I taught in an all great. Girls Catholic school for 33 years. You think a certain way, you believe a certain thing, you can only say certain things. I went to a girls Catholic high school for five years. I went to Catholic elementary school for many years. So why am I telling you this? Because I thought I knew who I was. And then when I left teaching 10 years ago and started coming into my own, started writing books, started getting on social media, then my family started to realize I'm not the good little Catholic school girl who you thought I was. And I become more vocal. The other day, I made a big post about menopause and how women in middle age are being taken for a ride by the medical community people women are being brainwashed that the symptoms in menopause are natural, yada yada yada. I had an international figure comment and say, I totally agree with you. Now, why am I saying this? Because I feel now I am starting from the bottom, the very bottom, never mind daycare. I'm starting all over again. So it's like the last 72 years. That was that. And now where am I going from here? So I'm just going to say, you've turned my world upside down. You really have. And I guess, in a way, that's a good thing, but it it's very it's very threatening, in a way, because there's nothing to hold on to. There's nothing to hold on to. And I'm not 22 I'm 72 so at the most, I might have 30 years left. So I have to make the best of the next 2530, years. So for all the people here who are like in their 20s and 30s, don't waste your freaking time, time to please people, because you have got to come into your own. I mean, I feel like now I'm just coming into my own after 72 years thinking, Oh, I thought I knew who I was. I don't have a freaking clue, you know. And it was, I just wanted to say that

Speaker 1  42:34
I have goosebumps. Literally, I like I'm not even I'm wearing a sweater too, and I have goosebumps. Jeez. I almost teared up. Marsha, thank you so much for sharing that. And I think the most powerful element, I haven't even looked at the chat yet. I'm sure everyone's moved by this. But the most powerful part of this is that, like, age truly does not matter. It does not matter how far you've gone down a single path. We are in a consistent state of reinvention. And I think what's beautiful about this is that you come into a particular realization about this now. And it is, it is now. It's not about starting over. It's about peeling back some of the layers that you felt you've had to put on to get yourself to where you are now. And it's, it's getting back to the core of who is Marsha, beyond the layers of the identities you've had to put on, someone who's Catholic, someone who was a teacher, someone who abided by a certain set of rules, someone who came came off a certain way. And this goes for everybody on this call, not just Marsha in particular. You are in a consistent process of unlearning, not learning, unlearning, because we have been so far conditioned to operate in certain ways, and these conditionings are subconscious. These are not things that we feel like we've had to check off a list like these are unconscious programming that have come into our state just as a result of being in the environments, in the religions, in the families, in the workspaces, all of that these all have had imprints on you, and it is a constant process of unbecoming and unlearning. This is why I always say within within just the branding context of my containers, there's more deconditioning that needs to happen than there is conditioning. There's more things that I want to unteach you guys than there is to teach you guys, and it is a beautiful place to be, Marsha, especially you being like, I recognize that I'm starting from that bottom level. And again, it's not bottom. It just simply, is this process of rediscovering the true you, taking those masks off, because that is the essence that will make you magnetic. That is the whole purpose of today's call it's it's essence cannot be taught, right? I can't give you guys a series of bullet points and exercises on how to uncover your essence. The essence is you. There are questions and there are ways that you can shape and think about your essence in more. Critical ways, but at the end of the day, it's you recognizing and becoming more conscious and aware of all of the programmings you've picked up. And what is it that we need to take off? What are the masks that we need to take off? Faye, you had posted in the group. I think it was yesterday, and I think I replied to it last night, talking about how your message is getting noticed by people, and you're not even posting with an agenda, like, there's no there's no offer that you're making, there's no, you know, content strategy that you're following. And it's amazing that people are coming into your world even though you're not following any sort of like copywriting or content writing strategy that is you and your pure essence. When people are in a place of purely expressing what is true to them, and even Marsha, what you shared about you know your your opinion and perspective and getting more vocal about some of the like the menopausal things that you're seeing, when you are sharing things that are near and dear to your heart and that you have a strong opinion on when you have this intuitive nudge that this is something that I wish there was more discussion about. This is a perspective. This is an insight that I have, and I want more people to be aware of it. That is you sharing from a place of essence. You are allowing yourself to be seen. You are not worried about judgment, and you're also sharing without an agenda. My entire content marketing strategy, and I know we're not really going to get into it in this, in this particular container, but my entire content marketing strategy is not that I'm against selling or I'm against making offers. And of course, we're all in business because people need to know we have something to offer and we have something to sell. But at the end of the day, if we are approaching business, especially personal brand, building, from a place of having an agenda, then everything becomes a transaction. Everything becomes a mask. Everything becomes, I need to say things a certain way so that people get to see me a certain way. Everything becomes, I need to post in a particular order, because if I don't do it this way, I won't be seen as the authority the messages that are going to resonate the most. And even for those of you who are in the pre branding stage, where you're like in self discovery, the reason why I say just create and put it out there. Create, put it out there. Create, put it out there without any sort of attachment to how frequently you need to be showing up, what you need to be saying, who your audience is, what your domain of expertise is, what your ownable specialty, like, Forget about all that that is going to come with you. Come to you with time. What's important for you right now is to start being more vocal and owning your actual expertise, owning your unique perspectives, and allowing yourself to be seen in it, because that is what breeds conviction. Conviction is not bred through having the perfect plan and having the perfect strategy. It is bred through you building the evidence, just like how going to the gym and lifting weights and putting those reps in is going to strengthen a muscle, is you building the strength to believe in your own ideologies, your own stance on things you is saying that's, that's how it's been for me, living in survival, yeah, we don't want to be we don't want to be creating businesses that fit the perfect mold of what a business or what a personal brand in your field needs to say, needs to sound like, needs to offer. We want to be innovators, and to be innovators, we need to be connected to that core essence of ours.

Unknown Speaker  48:27
Thank you. Thank you.

Speaker 1  48:29
Of course. Alright, let's get into the actual bulk of today's teaching. This was necessary. This is why I don't like having an agenda. Do you guys see this like I just I want to, I want to let these calls go wherever they need to go. But there is some stuff that we want to cover today. So I'm going to go through this exercise, and again, like I'm going to preface with every single thing I teach on these calls. I don't expect you guys to have all the answers today. As a matter of fact, I think I would want you guys to take this exercise, and as you guys know, you'll get access to the document after this call. And I want you to start like, meditating, intent, meditating on them, contemplating, letting yourself just sit with the questions, letting yourself sit with the different elements. And when you don't have an answer to it, go practice it and see if the answer comes to you. So let me make sure I've got everything up correctly. Yes. So I'm going to share my screen in just a second. The core idea behind today's call is to help you guys add tangibility to the intangible idea of what brand essence is. Now if you think about large brands that are known throughout the world, think about Apple, think about Disney, think about any brand that that evokes an emotion in you. Do you notice how when I say Disney, or when I say Apple, there's particular images, feelings, constructs, there's things that come up for you guys in your mind, right when I think about when you think about walking into like a. World or a Disneyland, there's certain emotions that come up, and it's not like those emotions were particularly communicated to you, like Disney should make you feel magical, or make you feel like in a sense of awe, or bring out that childhood playfulness. Those things were not communicated in words, but they were communicated through different types of messaging that surpassed or transcended what words can communicate. It is through imagery, storytelling, emotional involvement that allows you to really get a feel for what a brand stands for. Now for those of you in this program, you guys all have personal brands, or most of you have personal brands, and what that means is that you don't have a physical location like an Apple store or a Disneyland or a Disney World to create the sights and smells and stories and things that you know people get really connected to, but what you do have is the power of your content and of your presence to evoke that same type of emotion within people. And as I shared at the very beginning of this call, people are no longer making decisions just purely based on what you offer or what your promise is. They're making decisions to purpose purchase from practitioners that they resonate with, and that resonance is what they have a hard time putting into words. They don't necessarily feel like they can put into words exactly what draws them to you, but what they can put they can give a gist. They can give an explanation of like, well, I really like how she does this, or I'm really drawn to her perspectives on that. But very rarely will they say, well, she had the this program that offered me, you know, six calls, and it also had curriculum, and it had group structure. They're not buying the actual thing, they're buying the reason behind it, right? So I want to help you guys understand kind of the deeper impact of how you can strategize brand essence, which I know also sounds a little bit contradictory, because you can't actually strategize brand essence, but what you can do is get clear on the elements that lead you to brand essence, that lead you to understanding how you are crafting a brand that that communicates a very particular feeling, emotion and a very particular stance in your industry. Jesse saying resonance is the name of my embodiment. Modality, amazing. Love it. So let me share my screen here, and then we're going to get into the strategic components of this. Here we go. Your Brand essence. If I had to break it down tactically. It's made up of three parts, authority, leadership and connection. Authority is the trust piece. It is the it is the resonance with, or the relevance, I should say, with what it is that you do, how you do it, and what is it that this person is going to get from you that is relevant to a current need of theirs? Now, these past couple of weeks, we we've talked about the difference between, you know, pains and pain point marketing needs desires. So I want you guys to think about your authority piece as that, that exchange that happens between you and the customer? What is it exactly that they are getting from you? And this isn't really something you guys need to write down. I feel like the amalgamation of all the questions I've given you in these last couple of weeks is meant to bring you closer to that answer when we're looking at jobs to be done. Theory, when we're looking at you know, what is the what is the demand that exists in the marketplace? Your authority probably only makes up about 30% of this person's decision. So what is it exactly that they are getting from you that is relevant to a need, relevant to a desire, something that they know that they are either missing, something that they know that they want, or something that they know that they want to solve. Not all businesses will directly solve pain points or problems, but they will almost always fulfill a gap or a need that people are aware that they have, or it'll help them bring help, bring them closer to a desire or an end outcome that once again, they have deemed as desirable. They have deemed as something that they want. The next component of what builds your brand essence is your leadership. And leadership is not just, you know, here's my vision and I'm driving it across, or here's what I stand for. Your leadership perspective is far more about what you're taking a stand for and what you're taking a stand against. It is allowing people to see that they are following you in this new pathway that is helping them get to the end outcome we're helping them get. To what it is that they want to either solve, fulfill or get closer to, but it is also your perspective and your way of getting them there. So I'm going to go back to Kevin's question earlier today, where you know he asked, well, how do I know that their method is going to actually help me get to somewhere in a way that resonates with my values? So Kevin to answer your question, your leadership. Type of content is really what's going to communicate the essence of why they need to choose you, your approach, your modality, your way of doing things over other methods. And it becomes your job now in the brand essence component, to build the case for why your way of doing things is is needed, and why it is necessary, or why it is superior. Even when I'm talking to my audience about my approach on business and my perspective on business, I'm very clear that I'm for people who want to be skill based, for people who are mission led, not just monetization LED. I'm very clear on my perspectives on brand building messaging, and even though I'm not teaching people the very specific modalities or exercises or tips or whatever that I'm doing within within my program here, I'm making it known that my ways are different than what's out there, so that the right people can be drawn in and attracted to my way of solving the problem. And I would arguably say that your leadership perspective is probably even more important than your authority, which, again, we're in this hyper authority, kind of era where everyone wants to be the go to in their space, but what they forget, or what they neglect to realize, is that your authority is not going to be that important if these two elements are off balance, if you're not allowing yourself to be seen in these two other categories. So next, it brings us to connection. The connection element is what makes people feel connected to the reason behind your brand and to the emotion that you want people to feel. The connection piece often has very little to do with what you actually do in business, and it has far more to do with your personal insights, your unique perspectives, your experiences, and the things that communicate the subtleties of who you are and why you make certain decisions or why you've you move through life the way that you do, so that people can actually get connected to the person behind the brand, and not just what you solve, or you know, the vision that you're leading forward. Sasha, I see your hand is up. Do you have a question about this?

Speaker 4  57:51
Yeah, I have a quick one. How would you differentiate between authority and leadership again? Oh,

Speaker 1  57:56
great question. Authority is demonstrating the actual need that you're fulfilling. So if you are, let's say we're taking your six pack thing, right? So what is the actual need that that is fulfilling for people? That's what we want to communicate with your authority, style, content, leadership is demonstrating why you have six components of that and the importance of each of those six components, and why you think that the six pack kind of way of thinking is the way forward for let's say people in corporate why is that more important or more needed than some of the other methods, modalities or alternative solutions that people are being exposed to?

Speaker 4  58:42
Got it, okay? So, like authority is, yeah, it's almost like the pre Act, the product. What the problem is, how they may be experiencing it, all of that, and then the leadership is kind of like how, even, like, that embodiment, piece of how you've kind of done it, okay? That makes sense Exactly.

Speaker 1  58:58
And I want you guys to think about like authority is, Are people clear on if they were to invest with you, what need you will be resolving for them, like authority is more about the thing they are looking to solve, whereas leadership is more about are they aligned with your way of solving it? Are they aligned with your with your ideologies, with your vision, are they aligned with the approach that you take? And why is it superior, or why is it more relevant to them than other approaches? So if I'm using myself as an example, I can build my authority within the brand building and messaging space, but if I only focused all of my content and all of my message and all of my brand on just like messaging, messaging, messaging, people wouldn't understand why they would want to come to me in my leadership. Kind of perspectives I share that I think that messaging and communication is an art and a science. I talk about how I think personal brands should be the voice behind their own content. Shouldn't be delegating to copywriters in the beginning of their brand building kind of journeys. I make it very clear that I think that it's important for personal brands to be very connection based and relationship based, and not just outsourcing everything to a team to do I talk about how I'm not one for fast scaling. I think that people need to be involved in the process of strategically growing their business and growing their brand. So this is very different than if someone were to say, like, hey, I can help you grow your business, grow your brand. You know, really get messaging that gets straight to the point. And I believe that everybody should be focused on hiring a team of copywriters. And I think everyone should have a multi, eight figure brand, kind of positioning it in a different way. So my leadership perspectives is what really gets people connected to the way that I'm solving problems. So now let's get strategic about how to craft this for personal brands in particular. These are the core concepts I'm going to be teaching you guys today, and then we're going to get into the actual exercise. So much like I said before, I'd like to use the comparison of dating and relationships when it comes to brand building, because there are these two critical elements that every single brand needs to have to build that alignment with the right people. There's compatibility and there's chemistry, just like how in relationships and wanting to build that attraction and that alignment with the right person, you can't just rely on either or if you just have compatibility with a person, that's when you look at them like a checklist, right? You look at the individual and you're saying, okay, they have this type of job. That's great. Okay, we're compatible because we both like swimming. You know, we're compatible because we both have the same religious views. You know, his or her income or lifestyle fits mine, that's great. But then if the chemistry component is not there, they can check off all the boxes, but you still don't feel that allure. You don't feel that, that that leg Je ne sais quoi, feeling towards wanting to be with them. Now, the opposite side of that is that, if you only have chemistry, and there's no compatibility, right? So there's something about the way this person walks, talks, carries themselves, there's this like electric magnifying energy between the two of you that can bring you close together in the beginning, but then, if you're lacking compatibility, on your vision for the future, on whether you want to have children, on what your religious backgrounds are, it becomes extremely difficult to then build A healthy, long, lasting relationship with this person, because chances are, you guys will probably have conflict in the same way your brand also needs to have compatibility and chemistry with the people that you want to connect with. The compatibility element here is, do I align with your ways of solving this problem? Do I even have the problem that you want to solve? Do I even have the need for the thing that you are offering me. So everything we've covered so far in this program is really to strengthen your compatibility with your ideal clients. So are you making sure that you're communicating to the need that exists? Are you clear on what's the problem that you're solving? Are you clear on what's your mechanism on the problem that you're solving? Right with the frameworks training, it was really kind of helping you guys understand, do I have a branded or structured way of organizing what it is that I do with my clients? And if you haven't landed on one yet, that's totally fine, but we want to make sure that we're developing this compatibility with the right people. What we're talking about today, this is where the chemistry comes in, because you can have the right problem framework, solution, offer like you can have all of those things in place, but if people don't vibe with you, it doesn't matter. We want to make sure that that essence, the emotions, the connection the the resonance with the way you do things, is stronger than you know, just competing on offers or brand promises. Now we're going to move on to this one. This is my own iteration of the Big Five personality traits. So this is a psychological concept. I didn't actually come up with the big five. If you guys have studied psychology, the Big Five is a very common or very basic kind of I guess you can call it a framework. It kind of is a framework, but I've come up with my own version for branding. So if you actually look at the the big five personality traits you can kind of score yourself on, on how high or how low you fall on each scale, and based on, you know, how high and how low you are on on either scale, it kind of gives you a little bit of a result of like what people can expect about your personality. Now thinking about brands, your brand has its own personality, and especially for personal brands, because you are kind of the face or the voice behind that,

Speaker 1  1:04:29
you know, behind the brand itself. It doesn't mean that your personality is what people are buying, but rather it is your personality as the expert or as the brand that they are purchasing. This is important because I don't want you guys to convolute being like I am the brand. The brand is an extension of you, but it is not you. And the reason why it's important to create that separation is because I don't want you guys to convolute the success of your business or of your brand with who you are. Are as a person. If the business is not doing well, it doesn't mean anything about your inherent self worth. If the brand is not growing fast enough, it does not mean that there's something flawed or missing within you. However, the brand does need to have a heartbeat and a personality of its own that is informed by you, because it is an extension of your beliefs. It is an extension of who you are, but it is not you as an entire entity and person. So here's the way that I want you guys to think about your your neuro brand, personality traits. We have expertise and trust, integrity and similarity, expressiveness and passion, insight and novelty, and then polarity and differentiation. So the way that I want you guys to think about this is, how would you score yourself if someone were to look at your brand, look at the messaging, look at the platforms that you're on, and just kind of do this like overarching audit of who you are and how they feel about you? Is there enough evidence for them to trust you? Has your expertise been particularly expressed in a way that people can understand why they would want to trust you to solve their problem, why they would want to come into your world to get the solution or to experience the thing that they've been wanting to experience. Next is the integrity and the similarity piece. Now this one's really important, because integrity is something that can, I would say, easily, be faked, but not for a long time. So integrity in your messaging, or integrity in the way that your brand is conveying its value, is making sure that you're sticking to the values that you yourself as a brand or as a practitioner has set for yourself or your business, so making sure that the people you're bringing into your world or the people that you're communicating to align with those values, or when you're putting messages out there, is it in alignment, or is it an integrity, what you with, what you stand for? This also informs the similarity component. So similarity is we naturally feel drawn to the people who are very alike, people who remind us of ourselves, people that we resonate with at a deep level. So Can people feel that sense of similarity and like we share the same values, we share the same you know, we're cut from the same cloth, like what I deem as Integris is something that you also deem as Integris. The next one is expressiveness and passion. And this has been an interesting one, because when I talk about expressiveness, people think that like you know, the louder or the more bold you are, the more people will respect you, or the more people will be drawn to your brand. That's not necessarily the case. I have a one on one client that came to me a couple of years ago, and she said that her previous mentor had told her that she's very soft spoken and she's very quiet and she's very gentle in the way that she expresses herself, and in a world of authority building, no one is going to be drawn to that, because she gives off this this essence of being very timid and quiet and so very Similar to what Jeff shared at the very beginning of this call, she was also feeling the pressure of, I feel like I need to be extroverted, I feel like I need to be louder, I feel like I need to be more bold in the way I communicate. And the question I asked to her was, why do you feel that you need to be those things if it doesn't naturally feel like you? And she said, because I want to be taken seriously. I want people to hear my message. I want people to see me as someone who is an authority or someone who really knows her stuff, and I'm afraid that by being very soft spoken, even though this is who I am, I'm not going to be perceived in that way. So again, your expressiveness and passion does not necessarily mean being loud. It means being in your natural expression, because the more she pressured herself to be loud or to be bold or to be dominant and assertive, the less her message actually resonated with the right people, the more she kind of came off as, I don't want to say pretending, but it was kind of it wasn't the authentic self behind the brand. It wasn't the person that was actually drawing in interest. And very similar to how you know if, if someone's lying to you guys, like, have you ever had a conversation with someone? And you can just kind of tell that they're lying, and even though the words are the same and the way that they're expressing themselves is the same, like, it's everything seems okay on the outside, but your intuition is picking something up, or like something is off about what they're saying, or something just does not feel right. It's the same thing with your expressiveness. If you are not being in alignment, or if you are not expressing yourself in the natural way that you want to express yourself, people will pick up on that. There's a lot of false authority out there. There's a lot of people who are pretending to convey a message or convey a way of how they present themselves that is not actually in alignment with who they are, and as much as they feel that, you know, the more I come off as an authority, the more people will want to buy from me, or the the more people will take me seriously. It has the opposite effect. So this is what's important in removing some of those masks and removing the pressure. To have to fit this particular mold of authority, or of, you know, whatever it is that we think we need to have in our mind expressiveness and passion is you fully being in alignment with what you want to say, not sugar coating it, not being afraid of how it's going to be received, not being forced to say it in any different way, but actually standing for what you believe in, passion is the same component here, where passion does not mean that you have to be bold and you need to be loud and you need to show that you're angry in order to be taken seriously. Passion is simply going deep on the topics that are meaningful to you. And this comes back to what I said to those of you who are still in that pre branding phase of where you're at, where you don't necessarily have to have an offer, or you don't necessarily have to have a you know, a particular thing that you're driving people to, what you need to have is clarity on the elements that you want to talk about when you, let's say, read an article and you have a response to it, or you hear a conversation and you have an opinion to share, or you see something happening in your field that you have something to talk about. Talk about those things, even if it doesn't fully connect to exactly what it is that you solve. You're still demonstrating your thought process. You're still demonstrating the things that you feel passionate about, and that's really important next. We have insight and novelty. This is a super important one, because we are also in an epidemic of people thinking that there's other people who have it figured out, going into other programs, you know, looking to other people's content and basically deriving their ideas from what already exists. We see a lot of regurgitation happening in our market, a lot of very similar ideas just being parroted by different people. We want to avoid that. And for many of you, as controversial as this might sound, if you're in that pre branding or like baby branding phase, I almost want to invite each and every one of you to tune out or unfollow the people who are doing similar things in your field, and it does not mean that you're not supportive of their message, or that, you know, there's envy or there's, you know, any sort of negativity around it. But I want you guys to get into the habit of keeping those ideas pure, keeping your own insights coming from a place of experience and response to how you are engaging with the world and how you are engaging with clients, rather than consistently looking outwards and sourcing your inspiration from what already exists. Now for some of you, you might be responders. I'm a very strong responder, and what that means is that I like to consume a lot of things and form my own opinions and my own thought process around that. That's okay, too, but notice that there's a difference between responding and parroting. What I mean by that is that responding is, for example, I might read someone's sales message and be like, I strongly disagree with that, and it doesn't mean that they might be wrong, but I actually have an alternative perspective that I want to share, and so I might write a content piece or make it a core piece of my brand pillars to talk about. You know, let's say using urgency and scarcity in sales processes. So I'm responding to something that exists in my market, but I'm doing it from a way that I'm demonstrating my insights, or I'm creating a a new way of thinking about the problem. What I shared with you guys up here. This this diagram. I made this up. So this is this is insight. This is novelty. Many people talk about brand essence, like you guys can go just google or youtube brand essence, and there's many articles and things that will come up about how to craft brand essence. This is my definition of it. So this is my insight on how to think about brand essence. This wasn't derived from any program I've been in. This wasn't derived from anything I've learned from the outside world. This is just my own experience. So in the novelty and insight, I want you guys to also get into the habit of innovating new ways of explaining things, innovating ways that you can create novelty, or different ways that people see their problem or different ways people can relate to your solution without feeling like you need to constantly source your inspiration from external sources or source it from other people within your field. And the last one here is polarity and differentiation. This one gets convoluted with expressiveness and passion, but they're very different. Polarity and differentiation is taking a very clear stance for something and against something else. And again, this is probably been one of the hardest ones that my clients have had a had had a difficult time getting into the practice of because it feels scary. It can feel like a bit of a threat at first. We've also been trained, especially in today's climate, to be very accepting and inclusive of everything. And this is my own polarizing perspective, but I think the brands that really stand out today are the ones that can very boldly take a stand against something, and it doesn't mean having your entire brand be against an entire. Industry, or to have your brand kind of come from this place of like revolutionary anger, but what it does mean is making sure that when you're taking a stand for your way of solving something, you are also calling out the things that you disagree with or that are problematic within your space, not from a place of hate or bringing them down, but from a place of educating your audience on what is problematic about that way of thinking, what is problematic for falling prey for some of those ways of approaching business, life, health, you know, whatever domain that you're in, so polarity and differentiation is what I call the filter for your clients, because ultimately, you want people coming into your world that resonate with your way of thinking and your lens of the world. If you don't have that, you're likely going to have a lot of friction and a lot of people who are resistant to your teachings. This is the piece that took me a very long time to recognize, because I'm a recovering people pleaser that always had to feel like everyone's included, everyone's viewpoints are valid, and it doesn't mean that they're not valid, but what it means is that when I'm curating spaces of people that I want to serve and that people who want to learn from me, I also need to be very clear on what are the things that I'm okay with and what are the things that I'm not okay with. So when people come into my world, I don't feel like I need to severely decondition them or to get them into my way of thinking or my perspectives, but instead, just attract the people who are already there. It's a much lighter lift that way. All right, let me take a quick look at the chat here before I move on, and then I will move on to the actual exercise. Kevin says, Could you explain again, how it's separated when you were talking about the personal brand, I'm assuming you were talking about, like, the authority and the leadership component. Is that, right?

Speaker 3  1:16:51
I'm talking about the personal brand and the brand itself. Like, how do you separate yourself from the brand? Like, if I'm the personal brand, everything revolves around me, my values, my insights, etc. So how do you like redefine the

Speaker 1  1:17:05
differentiation? Because yeah, so you are right, your your values, your way of doing things, are expressed through the brand. The differentiation that I was trying to make here is that you are not the business component of the brand, so your identity is not interwoven with the identity of the business. So if the business is going through periods of evolution and restructuring, it doesn't necessarily mean that you inherently are doing something wrong, or you like your value, like, let's say, for example, if you're going through a little bit of a slower period in leads and sales and conversions, it doesn't necessarily mean that you as the personal brand behind it, your identity is inadequate or is not working hard enough, or is not doing anything to influence that. So it's like your brand is an expression and it's a reflection of who you are, because you are the personal brand. But it is not the brand itself to feel like those two identities are like together? Does that make sense? So it's like, it's more the business, like, the business that your brand operates within is not you. You're

Speaker 3  1:18:09
basically saying, detach yourself from the outcome, basically. So whatever happens in your business, that's what happens. But you, as yourself, need to be grounded in your own identity, your own person, basically

Speaker 1  1:18:23
exactly just like how when you're in a couple or you're in a relationship, you both now have almost like a blended identity as a couple, but you maintain your individuality. So if things are not going right in the relationship, where you're having communication issues or some clashes within your values. It doesn't mean that you are inherently flawed for not being able to keep the dynamic the same. It just simply means that you're showing up your your your relationship is a reflection of your identity, but it isn't your identity.

Speaker 3  1:18:57
So so how do you basically or what do you think about having like this brand with a quote, unquote logo on a brand business, as opposed to you being the personal brand, like I see so many people talk about that like, I'm Kevin. I'm the personal brand that speaks and being loud on social media, etc, but you are not working with Kevin, you're working with whatever. My name of the brand is, like, I don't know scale whatever, right?

Speaker 1  1:19:26
Yeah. So there's multiple ways of thinking about this, but I think as a personal brand, whether you have so, as a personal brand, whether you have, like, a completely different name. So for example, I have the neuro branding Academy. That is the academy. That is my like, that's where all my offers are housed, right? That's like the architecture of what holds my business together. But when people come to me, they're not buying the academy, they're buying me because I'm the life force behind the academy. It is, it is my teachings, my expertise, my values, my way of solving the problem that they're purchasing the academy. Me is simply the way that I've packaged it,

Speaker 3  1:20:04
so you basically branded yourself and not the academy. The academy is just like a hub of of all your offers, basically,

Speaker 1  1:20:12
yes. And the reason for why there's the academy that exists and not just me, is because I recognize that brand evolution will also happen, meaning parmese as the brand. Might also start something else on the side. I might start a book publishing company, because I'm passionate about writing and editing books, for example, that now will not fit within the brand or within the nerve writing Academy, that might be a completely separate entity of its own, but it is all housed under me as the brand. The other reason for this is that if I wanted to now have a certification program for the neuro branding Academy and certify people in my particular ways of thinking, people are not being certified in the parmese method, right? They're being certified in the neuro branding method. So it now becomes a whole separate entity, and it allows far more flexibility for that thing to grow and be its own thing. Awesome. Alright, Anna saying the business and brand is his own entity, and yeah, own energy and cost. But yeah, exactly, exactly, Human Design plays a role in this too, whether you respond or initiate. Yep, totally, exactly. Yeah, the business is the baby, makes sense? Yeah, the brand is based off you, but it's not inherently you as the soul and the human totally, yep. And people do business with people, not the company. That is exactly it. And I think that the important component here to remember is you can also fall too far on the other spectrum of things, where you're like, far too removed from the business itself. I've also seen that so it's like, it's almost like people attach their identity to the business too much, or they create too much separation. When too much separation happens, and I don't think that's going to be an issue within people in this container, but it is a real thing. Is when the personal brand, or the the person that is behind the brand removes themselves too far from the actual essence and the heart and soul of the business. I've seen this with multiple of my previous clients that have grown to multi million dollars. And one of the facets, or one of the reasons why I've almost developed a bit of an anti fast scaling approach is because they are the face of the brand. But then they have an entire marketing teams and copywriters that are doing all their content and all their social media. They have setters and closers that are getting their clients. They have support coaches that are running all of their programs, and so basically, they've just kind of become a puppet, right? They've just kind of become the the face behind the brand itself. But it's not their energy and their essence behind it. And one of the issues that we see happening here in companies that grow to that scale is people come in and they're kind of treated as just like a number, like you are in a program to just get a particular result, you are just another consumer that they have to check off and check in with and whatever. But you're not actually connected to the essence of that individual. You're no longer being treated like a, I don't know the word for this would be, but it's like, it's almost like it's, it's a hyper monetization model of just, like, let's get as many people in here as possible. It takes away that essence of relationship and genuine value exchange. So I'm not saying that's wrong for many people, that's just how they like to operate, or that's just how that is designed. But unfortunately, for the you know, for a lot of people who resonate with my kind of smaller, boutique style, way of branding, that's not the vibe that I want to have. I've even had people pitch to me to say, like, hey, I can come in and be a support coach and maybe take over some of your calls with a narrow message, I'm not there yet. I don't think I ever will be. Can I can I find ways that I can scale and expand and make things a little bit more efficient or implement more leverage in my business, absolutely. But one of my core values is having my own essence and my own connection with each one of my clients, and so I could never see myself getting to that point. That's another piece of my brand essence, like being the anti super high scaling person. So let's move on to the next component. The next thing I want you guys to think about this is a concept I've created. And ever since I've created, it's probably been about a year, I've I've used it in multiple content pieces, in examples, in working with clients, in diagnosing why things are not working well. And I call it the idea centered versus you centered brands. And if I present this to you guys, to you, if this is the first time that you're seeing this concept, I'm more than sure. I can almost guarantee from now on, every time you come across someone's content piece, you are going to now be categorizing in which category they fall into. You centered brands have grown in extreme popularity these last couple of years, but I would argue they're probably on the decline. A you centered brand is when your entire personal brand is based on your individual accomplishments, your individual successes, your individual insights and ideas, your individual wins, your lifestyle and everything is about you, you you. Yeah, there's plenty of these people. I see them. There's probably more you centered brands or me centered brands. And there is idea centered brands in the Facebook, LinkedIn, you know, YouTube, Instagram world. A telltale sign is when their entire brand message is I was able to accomplish this. I was able to win this over. Here's what my amazing clients have to say about their experience with me. Here's how I hit this milestone. Here's how I was able to create this result. Here's something I've recently overcome. And to put this into perspective, there's nothing wrong with sharing any of these things, like, I'm not demonizing the idea of sharing your personal triumphs. What I'm recognizing is that when your entire brand is now circulating around your accomplishments, achievements, personal triumphs, personal stories, you are now moving away from wisdom based marketing and coming closer to ego based marketing, where people are buying your personal results. They are they're buying your personal wins. They are buying the potential of them being able to achieve the same results that you have. And again, I'm not saying there's anything wrong with that, but it's limiting in the long term. The flip side is having an idea centered brand. And idea centered brands are the people who actually want to create movements in their spaces. Idea centered is when your content or your message or your brand stands for a paradigm, a new paradigm, a new way of thinking. It stands for concepts, right? So like these, these models and frameworks that I'm getting you guys to really brainstorm and think about, you are no longer just basing your entire brand promise on your personal experience and wins. You are basing it on ideas that you want other people to accept, other people to adopt, and other people to shift ideas or ways that you can like telltale signs that you can tell apart you centered versus idea centered brand is when the idea centered brands are talking more about the overarching experience of someone working with them, Rather than taking personal responsibility for that person's results. Idea centered. Brands also very rarely talk about personal wins as their point of insight. But rather it is the problems that they see in their industry, their way of approaching a particular issue, their vision for the future. It's much more insight based. They are teaching, they are modeling. They are creating a new way of thinking. And in the long term, it is the idea centered brands that people will create, like cult like followings for rather than the youth centered because in the youth centered brands, it like you are literally the center of the credibility and the authority in IDEA centered the credibility and the authority is surrounded, or is in the vicinity of what you have innovated to solve something in your industry. This is why I make it such a huge point for you guys to think about, how do you actually get your clients results, and to move away from intuitive genius into crystallized or even branded genius, because we don't want to set the entire premise of your authority just simply around your own wins. We want people to adopt a new way of thinking. All right, let me take take a quick look at the chat. Sasha, yeah, you have a question. Go for it.

Speaker 4  1:28:41
Yeah. So could you give some more examples around, like, when you're talking about your accomplishments, for example, as like, say, pre brand, like, beginning brand, stage of talking about, like, your accomplishments, your this. But then is there a way to flip that into idea centric, absolutely, versus it being eucentric? Yes.

Speaker 1  1:29:05
So the idea centric person will take their accomplishments and will extract the lesson out of it, whereas the you centric will take the accomplishment and use it as a way to further their credibility or their authority. A very simple example. I haven't shared this online. I passed the seven figure mark probably at some point in September, like early September. I haven't shared that anywhere. I can write a whole post talking about how proud I am, and I'm propping champagne bottles, and I've got balloons and I've got all these things because now my company has surpassed a million dollars. With that being said, other people can look at that and be like, she's passed a million dollars. That makes her so much more credible. I also want a million dollars. I want to work with her, versus sharing the accomplishment, but not making it about. Not the seven figure number, but instead being like, here are the mistakes that I made that led me to this point. Or here are the shifts that I had to make in my way of thinking. Here are some of the reasons why people get hyper fixated on that number. Or here's how my life did not change at all after crossing seven figures, right? So it's kind of like I'm not making it about the number. I can still talk about it and celebrate and own the fact that that is a truth of an accomplishment I've had, but I'm not making it about, hey, I made a million dollars, so you need to trust me, because I've made a million dollars, it actually does not like that number. Does not matter. What matters is the insight that I'm deriving from that experience. Does that make sense? So it's like, as it's

Speaker 4  1:30:45
sorry, go ahead, no to say, it's almost like taking the experience that you have, let's say, like, I'll use like my time as like an athlete, taking, you know that, that, and then like bulleting like lessons from that, and then speaking to those lessons versus that time in

Speaker 1  1:31:04
athletics, exactly because what makes you credible is not the fact that you were like a high level athlete. What makes you credible is the things that led you to becoming a high level athlete and your reflections of your time as an athlete, right? And to take it one step further, when you're clear on the problem that you solve, or when you're clear on the core message that you want to have conveyed in your brand, it's no longer about you being the athlete. It's about what can you use about that experience to reinforce that idea, to reinforce that message? If I'm talking about how I don't use pushy sales tactics and I don't use heavy pain point marketing, and I don't use urgency and I don't do launches. I can use the story of me crossing seven figures as an anecdote or as a way of demonstrating, hey, you can still hit a million dollars and not do all these bullshit strategies that you're being taught on the internet. So that is far more about the idea like I'm using my story to reinforce that you don't need to always be selling. You don't need to always be launching. You don't need to always be, you know, doing these crazy launches. And you can actually rely very little on ego based marketing and still make a lot of money. You don't need to pry on pain points. You don't need to have, you know, hey, two spots left and and, you know, cold DMing people, and you can still past that point. So I'm basically using that story to prove my message further, rather than using that story as a, Hey, I've made all this money. You should trust me.

Speaker 4  1:32:32
Yeah, I think, I think I said, Yeah. Kevin said, the like, how I make whatever in 30 days. Let me show you how. And it's like that, like selling, I made this mountain this amount time. Let me show you how. And that's going to further. My correct, like, circular ink. It's like that,

Speaker 1  1:32:46
correct, yeah, that's the me centered race. Okay, awesome. Love it. Thank you. Problem, Kevin, go for it. Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:32:56
Two things, one is just reinforce your point that you made for Sasha. That's why I love the the hero's two journey that Russ and talks about, because it's always, it's not about the results. It's always about the transformation that you, that you went through. Because, like, everybody like the result is like, yeah, okay, good. But everybody cares about the person you became, the transformation you you've went through, and that's that's why I love about it, like, every movies that you watch, but I have a question about this is the piece that I still don't get. Like, for some reason, it doesn't register in my brain, the results that you're talking about all the time. Like, what is the results of working with me? And I have a hard time, and I think that's the that's why I have a hard time finding the results that my clients are going to get from working with me, because I still don't see how. Or, yeah, it's when you talk about money, for example, monetary results, that's that's simple, right? You can make 10k a month, or you can get 10,000 followers in 30 days, right? That that's pretty simple, because that's tangible. But you thought about the tangible results, which is not this, and I still have a hard time understanding that. Could you help me with that?

Speaker 1  1:34:17
Yeah, the reason why, communicating the tangible outcomes for you still feels a little bit fuzzy. Is because you are still in the process of figuring out what exactly is it that you do with your clients, and until you get clear with that, it becomes really difficult to be able to actualize what the tangible outcomes are, because those tangible outcomes are directly related to you feeling concrete and convicted in what the process is that you lead people through. So my tangible outcomes are far more to do about what the actual takeaways are that people experience when they work with me, versus what the potentials are of what they might be able to create. So when I say that, when you go through my five step, let's say brand build. Ing formula, class, whatever you want to call it, I know what exactly I'm going to be teaching you guys, and I can also derive what outcomes you guys will experience as a result of understanding the Big Five, you know, neuro branding, personality traits. But it's because I'm clear on what what I do with my clients that I feel convicted and clear on what the outcomes are, because the outcomes do not need to be monetary or do not need to be something that happens in the future. The outcomes are the very practical, real changes that people will shift or people will sense as a result of the work that you're doing with them. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:35:44
So if you are helping people get closer to their authentic identity, like take off the masks of who they need to be, really get close to, like, the actual essence of their brand, the outcome of that is that they will no longer need to be performative in their marketing, and instead, they will have the know how to build or to craft authentic brands that naturally evoke desire from the right people. That is an outcome that you can communicate.

Speaker 3  1:36:16
Okay, so, and that's where I have a hard time understanding, like, why would be sexy for someone like, what would be attractive for someone like, I get the idea behind it, but why would it be more attractive than saying hey, and I know, like, it's not really ethical to say, like, you're gonna get $10,000 because I get the confounding variables and all that. But like, I'm putting myself in the shoes of someone who's like, I'm struggling with my brand, struggling to make money, like it's the feast and famine loop, and you coming to me and saying, like, Hey, you have you can show up authentically and have a brand that is a true reflection of yourself. Cool, but that's that feels like on the way to the outcome, right? The money is the byproduct of this. So I want you understand what I'm saying, like, I want the end result.

Speaker 1  1:37:07
So there's two ways I'm going to get you to reflect on this, because to me, people will not be sold on the sexiness of an outcome unless you are sold on it. So what this tells me is that you don't believe that the work that you're doing with people creates a sexy outcome. Yeah, right. And again, this comes back to being and convicted on what you actually do, what we don't want to do is, why would this be sexy to people? Because then we're externalizing our power to what people think of us. Again, we're taking ourselves further away from authenticity, and we're taking ourselves into what is going to sell. Why would someone want to buy this when someone else can promise them $10,000 that is taking you away from your core essence. Your core essence is being able to say, I know my work is so powerful, people would be dumb not want to. Not want this, and now it becomes my job, in my messaging, to craft what it is that I do and be consistent with it in a way that helps people understand the actual need or the actual value of it. But that starts with you being sold on this, because if you are not sold on the sexiness of it, they won't be either. Yeah, that's a good point. Gracias, all right, and that goes for everybody else as well. Your promises, the essence of what you are communicating cannot have and cannot permeate the minds and the hearts of the people you want to reach unless you yourself have gotten solid within it. It is, it is, again, a very marketing esque way of thinking, to ask yourself, what is it that the people want? What is it that they're going to see as sexy? What is it that they're going to buy rather than seeing it as what is it that I feel so freaking convicted in what is it that I'm doing with them that I wish they knew more about? Why is the thing that I'm implementing with them the missing piece or the necessary shift that needs to happen in order for them to see whatever result they want? And we can't work at this backwards. We can't think, okay, this person wants to achieve $10,000 this month. How can I help them do that? Because, again, we're allowing the market to dictate what it is that we need to do. It's the same as Jeffrey being told he needs to be a sexy model in order for people to, you know, buy his meditation program, or he needs to be a monk in order for people to see him as credible, he can be strongly convicted, and the work that I do is is needed. It is necessary. This is the stuff that I stand for. He doesn't need to put on a performance to get people to see that value. Amazing. All right, let's let's move on. Let's move on to the actual exercise here. I. So I've created this chart, and I'm going to scroll through it real quick, just so that you guys can kind of see how comprehensive This is. And again, this isn't something that I expect you guys to have figured out and have all the answers to on this call. Some of you might some of you might not, and that's okay, but I'm going to kind of quickly walk through the different elements of this on our remaining time, and then I want you guys to sit down and really kind of think about this. And again, don't stress on having to have the clarity on the precision and the answers. But essentially, if I had to break down your brand essence and how it can be crafted, it is having clarity on all these elements that will help you do that so much like how I said above here there's authority, leadership and connection and under each of these categories, I've broken down the questions that you need to have answers to so that you can start building your authority leadership and your connection pieces. So let's get started. The very first one in your authority is your brand positioning statement. Now I don't want you guys, and I'm going to over emphasize this, I don't want you guys to get stuck on this one, because your brand positioning statement, contrary to what everybody else is going to tell you, is probably the last thing you're going to be super clear and convicted on your brand positioning statement is going to come as a result of working with a number of people, putting messages out there, and really getting clear on what it is that you actually do, who it is that you do it for, and what is the unique way that you do it. I don't expect you guys to know that exactly now, but I did want to give you guys these two different templates so that you feel like you have a direction that you're working towards. I will also say that your brand positioning statement is likely not something that you need to have plastered all over the place. It could actually just be an internal statement that you have for yourself that grounds you in what it is that you do. So generally speaking, your brand positioning statement is going to call out who it is for that you are solving the problem for. So what particular type of person

Speaker 1  1:42:00
for me, for example, it would be, you know, mission led personal brands, like it's, it's really, it's not just anyone who has a company, anyone who has an E commerce site, or anyone who's an influencer who wants to grow their influence. It's really for the mission led or the innovative personal brands that have crafted or have created this, this unique solution that they want to put out there, who and then statement of need and want. So what is it that they actually need, or what is it that they want? So for let's say experts or mission led personal brands who want to consistently attract the right type of client, or who consistently want to create demand for their offers, we core market need so that you can benefit statement. So we, as in, let's say my company, will help you craft a spectacular personal brand and understand the art and science of messaging so that you can consistently communicate with conviction and create messaging that attracts those right types of people, unlike or without and then primary competitive alternative. So to me, the competitive alternative that exists in my space is the very like marketing, heavy sales, heavy urgency tactics, fear mongering type of marketing. So I can say, without using or relying on urgency, without relying on consistent launching, or without having to be on every single platform in order to get those results. The second way to do this is very similar, so we help and then target customer who wants to or desires to, and then mention what their core need or desire is achieve or experience whatever promise outcome. And again, going back to what Kevin said over here, the promise outcome does not have to be something tangible as like money or a specific number they need to enroll or a specific weight they want to achieve. The promiseable outcome is far more like what is the actual overarching outcome they want to feel. So for me, it's like having a business that feels or having a brand that feels an integrity with their values, having a repeatable system that allows them to consistently bring in the right people, unlike or without the alternative, which here is, you know, relying on tactics and very rigid templates and things that get people like in the door. So I want you guys to play around with this, because you might have multiple variations of it. There's no right or wrong way. And again, I don't want you guys to get super stuck on feeling like I need to have this figured out before I can do the rest. Again, remember, this might be the last piece that actually comes together. This part I'm going to really quickly skip over because this we've already done, this was in one of the exercises, but it goes back to your authority, knowing what that ownable specialty is, right? So what's the brand's core message? So what is the thing that you want to be known for? What is the idea that you are going to be conveying? What is the main takeaway that someone can expect while working with you and. We want to get into the brand amplifiers. So what is it about your way of solving that problem that makes it different? So what's the approach? What makes you different, and what is it about your style that will resonate? So if you guys remember the brand amplifiers from my own brand that I shared had far more to do with you know, the way that I don't believe in just giving you guys the answers. I believe in skill building, I use the Socratic method, which is not very prescriptive. So I'm teaching you guys the elements of how I do this differently. Now we're getting into some of the more tangible things, of what actually crafts your authority. So your brand's core principles. So what core ideas do? Does your brand convey? I almost want you guys to do like a like a basic brain dump of all of the very strong and bold opinions and perspectives that you have that is in relation to what you actually solve for them. So not just perspectives and ideas about anything that's happening within your sphere or in your field, but specifically when it comes to, let's say for me, it's messaging. So one of my core principles is that, as a personal brand, you need to be the one communicating your message. It cannot be delegated to a VA it cannot be delegated to a copywriter to do for you. You need to be the actual voice behind the brand. Another core principle here is, without the solid brand foundation, you cannot go out and market yourself. Our entire first call was basically based on one of my branding core principles, which is we can't get into funnels and emails and sales and posting on social media until you're actually clear on what the heck it is that you do and how you solve it for people. So I have probably seven or eight core brand ideas that I'm consistently repeating in my messaging. Another one I talk about is how you want to be in Integrity with your message, or that, like the the the energy and the embodiment of your message matters more than the words that you're using. So these are all core principles, and what this does is that when you're speaking about them consistently through content. People associate your brand and associate your authority to these principles. And again, we can, we can have a whole call. We have a Q and A coming up, I believe, next week, and we can brainstorm some of these for you. If you guys do that original brain dump, then we have your brand's vision for the future. So if you had to think about your field and what it is that you are championing forward. What is it about your way of doing things that is going to change the way that either business or health or whatever is looked at in your space? Many of you are in the let's say, health and wellness space, particularly for women in midlife, for example. So what is the future that you want to have for those women? Is it that they feel more resourced and they're more educated about their bodies? Is it that they're less reliant on conventional medicine and conventional wisdom on how to navigate midlife, how to navigate health? So think about if, if you had to cultivate the absolute perfect vision for the future of what the future of your field will look like, what would that look like? We want to get clear on what that that vision for that is. For me, it's, it's personal brands that are deeply embodied in their work, no longer relying on scare tactics and urgency to get sales through the door, people who are actual experts, and not just false authorities, who are coming through and sharing their expertise. I'm very much like, I almost want, like, a great flood to happen in the marketing space, and for people to almost get drowned out, not in a morbid way, but, you know, I feel like we're going through that period where, you know, the economy is changing. People's decision making is changing, and it's really the people who are actually good at what they do that will survive. So that is my vision for the future. Is actually making sure anyone who's in business is actually coming from a place of integrity, of structure, and is actually mission led. It's not just out here to be making money. Your brand's framework and method. Not going to cover this one because we've had two trainings on it, and for those of you who haven't had a chance to watch, I highly recommend that you do. There's a training that I recorded for you guys last week, and there's also a bonus training that my friend Emily and I did together on how to build your framework and method, same with the branded concepts and unique terms, these two go hand in hand in building your your authority. Because, as I said in that training, it is your branded concepts and your methods that is going to stand or is going to help you stand, apart from everybody else in your field that also promises doing the same thing. So what is your unique lens and your unique way of leading people through that your method and your methodology or your process is kind of like the GPS that helps people go from point A to point B in whatever that transformation looks like. So making sure that we're getting clear on that next is your brand's credibility. So what credentials and experience make you an authority in this domain? Now, in brand credibility, it's not so much being like, well, I have a PhD in blah, blah, blah, and I have a degree in this, or I have been in my industry for 25 years, degrees and, you know, numbers of years is important, but what's. More important is for you to be able to build the case for what is it exactly about your experience or about your training that makes you more credible than the average Joe at delivering that particular result or for helping guide that particular experience? I can say that I was a copywriter for six years, but that wouldn't actually mean anything to anyone. Or I can say that I've helped my clients amalgamate over a million dollars in revenue, let's say per year from their launches. Again, that doesn't communicate anything that is relevant to my ideal clients. What's important is for me to say in my work as a copywriter for six years, I learned that the the brands or the companies that I worked for that succeeded the most were the ones that had strong personal presence behind their brands. It wasn't just the copy that was converting. It was the people with really strong personal brands that actually got to that got to go on and succeed. So again, as my brand credibility, I'm not just using my years in business to build my credibility. I'm actually using the experience or the lesson that I took away from those six years to build that credibility today. All right, I'm gonna take a pause before I get into the leadership aspects. And I see your hand is up if you wanted to ask your

Speaker 6  1:51:20
question. Hi. So my question, I asked it in the chat I have been struggling with really feeling that conviction in the results I provide, like, eight years into business, eight years into working with clients. So I was curious if you had anything to say about getting, like, reconnected to that conviction when you've been doing client work for a long time and there's just like, it feels like something's missing, like you feel like you don't feel the full effects of the work. If that makes sense, like I I see it. I see the the results my clients get. I see the shifts that they make. But there's something that keeps it from like, really getting like, deep in there to be able to fully own it. Like, yes, the work I do is life changing and I can facilitate miracles for people.

Speaker 1  1:52:28
This has far more to do with our internal state and our relationship with the results that we get, rather than relying on the external world to provide us with that validation when we don't have a solid relationship with the work that we do, even if it's something that we practice on a regular basis. It does not matter how many times our clients tell us that our work is transformative, or how many times clients tell us that we are amazing at what we do and they've experienced amazing results with what we do, it begins with us fully, fully embodying the practices. There are typically two reasons, and I'm not going to tell you which one's you, because I don't know. I'm going to give you two scenarios of why I find my clients lack that conviction, despite how many years they've been in business. One is that they're going through the motions of doing the things that they say, that they do for their clients, but not actually practicing it at a very, very deep level themselves. They'll practice it at a surface level, but it is not become an embedded part of their identity, meaning they've gotten into Business Learning Hey, like, this is something I can offer. This is something that will make me money, or this is something I'm really interested in, and they practice it at a very surface level of like, just going through, just going through what they do, like, almost like, it's a checklist. Like, I'm a writer, so every day I'm going to write 200 words, or, you know, I'm going to teach people how to edit and how to write stronger headlines. But then they're not practicing the actual craft of what it is that they do. And again, I'm not saying this is you. I'm just painting the scenario so that you can kind of see which one this might be. When I say practicing the craft, it means they're not actually innovating within their space. What they're doing is that they've taken what they've learned from multiple different facets, and they're just regurgitating it. And so it has never actually seeped it deep into their identity, because they haven't contributed with their energy. They haven't contributed with their thought process. I see this a lot from life coaches, like new life coaches that have, like, newly graduated from some sort of certification program. And they might know their stuff. They might know exactly how to navigate difficult situations with clients. They might know exactly how to create, you know, shifts in their thoughts and their beliefs, but then they lack a very strong sense of conviction, and the reason for that is because they've come freshly out of this certification program, and they're simply just. Utilizing the tools that they were handed from outside figures, they haven't actually created their own method or their own way of solving the problem. So they're just kind of going through the motions of doing the things that they know is going to get results. They haven't actually created that. The second component for why we lack conviction is because there's a deeper misalignment between what we are doing and what we actually believe to work. So I've seen this in health coaches a lot, which is very funny, because it's, it's almost like, maybe it's not funny. That's not the right word. It's the dissonance is evident to someone like me from the outside, but they're completely blind to it. So health coaches that have developed this almost extreme view on health that's like extreme like, this is toxic. This is bad. This is not good for you. And while what they stand for is wellness and health and holistic. You know, well being, they don't realize that their extremist view in this is bad, don't eat that don't do that is actually causing the opposite effect. And in their own practice, they themselves are becoming misaligned with what their mission and their goal is, because they're standing for health and wellness, but then they're also perpetuating cycles of judgment and shame and guilt within themselves and their clients. So it's almost like they are they've implemented the thing that they do, but then they're not, actually, or they they've implemented what it is that they do, which is, like, I help you develop a healthier body, or, you know, help you develop better eating habits. But then they almost take it to a to such a strong extreme that it becomes the opposite for them. Those are two very deep ways that I see people lacking conviction that they themselves don't see. Does any of that resonate?

Speaker 6  1:57:05
The second one probably resonates a little bit more than the first, because I have, like, I've co created my own modality, and I, I am very grounded in my work. I think the the piece that's missing is like these big life changing results as a result of my work. You know, like the fact that I've been clearing myself in my business for 1000s and 1000s and 1000s of hours, and I'm still not, you know, making what I would like to make, and I'm still not so. So I think it's like I'm collapsing the results that I want to see with like, Oh, my work isn't working for that.

Speaker 1  1:58:00
Yes, this. This also goes back to what I said a little earlier about removing our sense of worth from the business. This is actually exactly why, because if the business is not performing well, it does not mean that we are not an expert, and I think that's what sometimes hinders our conviction. If I don't get any clients for the next six months, I don't believe or I don't integrate it as I must not be a good messaging strategist. I might I must not have the skill set to get people results. So I separate or compartmentalize the results of what my business is getting from my actual skill set, when I do that, I'm able to actually look at it from this non judgmental standpoint of, okay, if the business is not doing well, but I am very good at what I do. What's missing here, and chances are, it is a lack of proper communication between what I do and how people are understanding it. It is a lack of clarity on exactly who are the types of people who are best fit to actually invest it could also be a lack of clear offer structuring so people don't actually fully understand what it is that they're purchasing or why they would need it. It could be a lack of proper avenues of driving traffic to the ways that I serve people. So do you see how neither of those things actually have anything to reflect with how good I am at what I do, it becomes a much more strategic hmm, if I know I'm good at what I do, and I feel really solid, and I've been doing it for years, what are the tactical mechanisms that I haven't deployed to their full extent to actually get people educated and involved in what it is that I do. Yeah, that's the case for you.

Speaker 6  1:59:47
Yeah and and a little bit of column B, where it's there's almost a sense of negativity, at least when it comes to you. Like the work I do with my group program, with space holders, with service providers, where there's, there's so much fuckery I see in the coaching and healing space, and how these icky tactics are being used, and how, like energetically, there's so much bullshit that happens behind the scenes that I think I've, I've kind of not been able to communicate the kind of positive aspects of doing that work. It's more like, Duh, you have to do this so you don't fuck up your clients. Yeah. Versus like, here is here are all of the positive impacts if you learn how to hold a clear, pristine, sacred space for your clients.

Speaker 1  2:00:48
Yeah, that's a really sorry. I will finish your thought. No.

Speaker 6  2:00:52
So it's almost like it comes my content around that has been coming from a rant more so of like, you fucking need this. Why aren't you people getting it versus like, you know, the the nice way to package it up, the like, positive things to package it up with, yeah, I love that

Speaker 1  2:01:15
you've said this. Because what I was also going to say, as we're getting kind of deeper on this exercise, your brand essence can also be hurting your business without you even knowing it. And it's rare that I see this actually, maybe not so rare. Now it was your rare, rare word before. I think when people develop this idea that in order to be polarizing, they need to be controversial, or in order to be polarizing, their entire message needs to be stemmed from what they stand against. They get what you're experiencing right now, which there's nothing wrong with it, because I can tell you feel really passionate about the fuckery that's happening within these spaces. But then when your entire message becomes to stand against something rather than for something, the negativity can be felt. There's a post I have drafted. I think I might have posted it like a year ago on Facebook, but it talks about it talks about how the way that your content makes people feel has more of a say in how they make a decision to work with you than the actual words that are describing why they need to adopt that way of thinking. And if it is a perpetual negativity cycle of here's what's wrong, here's what's wrong, here's what's wrong, here's what's messed up, here's what's messed up. You're no longer taking a stand for something. You are purely taking a stand against something, and that's what you kind of fall into, what I call the SJWs, the, you know, the social justice warrior type of messaging, where it's great that you feel passionate about something, but it's no longer inviting people into your world. It's actually repelling, because people don't feel like you have a safe space that they can come into and feel held and nurtured and seen and all the things. And it doesn't mean that you don't actually have that. It just means that the messaging and the communication is not communicating that. So it's important to know that, yes, of course, you do want to have those very bold, passionate rants. I use them all the time, but it is probably a minority compared to the insightful posts that are actually showing people what what they do need, or what is the potential. So it's a good it's a good observation. I think the more you become aware of it, and the more you kind of understand the the subtleties of messaging, even with some of the reels that you've posted that I've given feedback on, I think you can see the pattern in demonstrating your expertise rather than speaking to the very high level things that people might experience while working with you. And I think the more you fit into the practice of being able to do that on a more consistent basis, the more people will feel inclined to want to reach out, or to want to be a part of your world because they can see and actually tangibly feel the value of what you're going to be adding to them.

Speaker 6  2:03:45
Yeah, thank you. Of course,

Speaker 1  2:03:50
guys, I know we're over time, but I'm not going to stop. So feel free to hop off if you want to, and watch the recording, if you need, you know, if you need to do that, no judgment, but I'm going to keep going. For those of you who want to stay on, I'm who want to stay on, okay, we're just saying here, when you're serving people in our businesses, you must remember it's no longer about you. Yes, exactly. Art of messaging is all about lowering resistance and raising curiosity. Absolutely. And I think part of the essence piece is exactly that. It's, it's a perfect lead into this leadership section. So people need to feel that your message is no longer about just your result or your promise or your mechanism, and it's so much more about this idea that you're moving forward, about this, this mission, this movement, there's something beyond you that has prompted you to create these spaces. So here's where we get into the leadership stuff. We have your brand's origin story. And I think someone would ask this on the very first calls, like, are we going to get into, you know, the origin story or the back, back end story of what that looks like? And yes, here's where it comes into play. Your brand's origin story is not going to be the reason why someone hires you, but it's going to be the reason for why they understand what. Why you've created this brand in the first place, Kevin, you shared something about Russell brunson's, you know, Hero's Journey thing, and it's, it's less about the journey you went on, and it's more about, like, the teachings, the insights you were able to take away from it. People are not just buying your story. They're buying the reason for the story. So your brand's origin story is not your life story. And I think what, what the importance that I want you guys to remember from this one, very similar to what I said about how your brand and your brand essence is is an extension of who you are, but it is not you. Many people go through their brand origin story by giving their entire life story of like, I was raised in a small town in Massachusetts with two family members that were blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I'm not saying that those details of your personal life are irrelevant, but you always want to write your brand's origin story with this in mind, what led you to the core message that you have today? Because most people feel like my story is so long. There's so many things I've gone through, there's so many pivots, there's so many realizations, like, how do I encompass all of that into a single story without having to, you know, verbal vomit on someone for 45 minutes? I want you guys to think about what are the three pivotal moments in your career that have brought you to where you are now, not your entire lifestyle origin story of where you're from and where, unless that played a role in in what you do today. But it's more important for people to understand, how did you come to the very specific mechanism? How did you come to the very specific framework? What led you to the process that you use today. That's what's more important. So when I'm talking about my story as a personal brand, who went through, you know, six years of copywriting, being the voice behind people's entire brands and launches, and what that taught me, and how I learned that you can't just be, you know, it's not just the words that matter. You need to build an entire brand and a community. And then once I actually started teaching branding and copywriting and messaging, I realized that it's less about the words and the posts and having the perfect structure and the strategy. What you actually need is have a deep connection to the essence of what you do. So I'm basically guiding people through how my journey has morphed me into what I offer and what I do today, but I don't need to include every single tiny detail of what has made me me, because, again, they are buying me, but they're buying my expertise and my ideas. They're not buying me individually, as like Harmeet, who was born into a family of refugees, that's that's not what's going to be relevant to them. Kevin, you have a question?

Speaker 3  2:07:43
Yeah, that's interesting to me, because I always struggle to tell my story, because I think that the origin of where I come is tied to what I'm doing, and so I'm like trying to workshop it with you. Is, do you think it's better to say, for example, I came from the Caribbean, moved to Israel, and I went from being popular to being bullied in school and not having friends, not being able to connect with people. And so that's the thing that I've been carrying around most of my life, that one of my values is connection and communication. And then I got into branding and whatever. And then I saw blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, or is it better to say, for example, I started after school, wanted to have a business, and tried all the marketing strategies and so that something was missing. And so now that's what I'm doing,

Speaker 1  2:08:35
both because I feel like what you just described is the communication piece actually kind of originated from you moving to a new place and having to integrate that and some of the things that you picked up along the way. Also, I think your background in psychology is going to play a very big role in how you describe your origin story, because you recognize, for example, that some of the changes that you experienced in childhood, and some of the very broad, you know, lessons and things that were were introduced to you, these were all things that shaped the way that you felt like you perhaps had to play a role, or perhaps you had to put on a mask, that you had to fit in. So do you see how that is an integral part to how you're going to be supporting people today. Yeah, right. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. That that, I would say, is, is actually a part of your brand's origin story, because then once you got into the marketing piece and you started following all these people, you were able to see some of the cracks in their way of operating, which has now led to developing your own method of branding. Gotcha, that's what I would that's what I would want to focus on, and for everybody else as well. I think again, it becomes important to ask yourself, like, what were the pivotal moments that led me to think and act and serve in the way that I do today? What were some of the shifts that I had to make? I used to be a conversion optimizer, which means I didn't work on personal brands. I literally. Was like, give me your email sequence, give me your sales pages, give me your funnel, and I will optimize it for you. And all I focused on was the copy, the headlines, the tactics, you know, what's being perceived where. And again, I've shifted out of that mentality, because I realized, through my experience of working with hundreds of sales pages and hundreds of launches that it's not the tactics of what the words and what the buttons look like on the page, it has far more to do with the integrity and the message behind the brand that's going to convert that was a massive shift I had to make in how I operate. I can also talk about my background in neuro marketing, and how I studied consumer psychology, and how I got really deep into the science of how the brain works and how the brain makes decisions. So these are all really critical pieces of my brand. But again, maybe my childhood experiences don't necessarily have a very tactical way of you know, or don't have, like, an actual influence on how I personally have come to my brand today. So your brand's origin story, moving on in tandem with your brand's origin story, we also want to get clear on your brand's New Paradigm. This is a really important piece of your leadership message, because each of you have a new trying to think of a different word for paradigm, like a new agenda, a new thought frame, a new school of thought that you're trying to instill within your clients minds. So if I were to describe my brand new paradigm as I help people go from the very tactical urgency based, ego based marketing to the idea centric, insightful, wisdom based marketing. Now I need to build the case for what the wisdom based marketing is and why it's more important, or why it's more effective than the ego based marketing. So that's the new paradigm that I'm trying to push. That is the that is the new paradigm that I want the people in my world to adopt. So regardless of what stage of business that you're in, or regardless of what your offering is, or what area you are that are you're building demand in, I want you to think about like, what is the the new way of thinking that you want to instill within people? ANNA saying, What's the difference between brand vision and new paradigm? Great question. So brand vision is kind of like, if everyone were to accept this new paradigm, and if everyone adopted it and shifted into it, what would that future look like, versus the paradigm itself is like, what is the big boulder? What is the big domino that they need to adopt in their life in order for that vision to happen. So if my new paradigm is I want everyone to adopt wisdom based marketing strategies, then the future that I'm envisioning is that everyone is operating from a place of integrity. Everyone is creating brands and messages that actually are moving the world forward. There's no longer this, like hyper fixation on just monetizing and seeing people as numbers. That's the vision. But the paradigm is like, what is the actual thing that needs to happen or be adopted in order for that to happen? Okay, next we got your brand enemies, and again, going back to the Big Five personality traits that we talked about, differentiation and polarization is really important. And for many people, they're resistant to calling out some of the brand enemies. Or for someone like Anna, for example, the brand enemies almost become the core of the message. So what we want to make sure that we do is that we're not hyper fixating on creating this big brand enemy, and all of our message now becomes like if I was, you know, crapping on urgency based tactics in every single post. However, I do want to take a stand for what I believe in. So the brand enemies that I have will be very much in that hyper, scaly, super, like fast growing, you know, always be selling type of mentality. I'm also going to be very vocal about why I'm demonizing those. I'm not just calling them out, just for the sake of calling them out. What are the reasons why I've named those as my brand enemies? What are the harm that can or what is the harm that can come from falling into some of their ways or or following some of their their their tactics or their strategies. So I'm being very, very clear on why I've named them as the enemy, and why is it that my way of doing things is is different. The next piece in the leadership one is personal parables. So this one's a little bit different than your origin story, because, as you guys know, when you're thinking about your origin story, you will likely think about multiple different like side quests and anecdotes and things that you've experienced in your life that have again shaped the way that you think that might not all fall within the brand's origin story, which is supposed to be like the overarching character arc of who you are and what. You've led into. What we want to do is to now come up with a series of personal parables, which are stories that contain lessons or takeaways that illustrate why people should trust you or why they can relate to you. So think back to some of the experiences that you might have had with previous employers, with clients, with family members, things that you've taught, maybe programs that you've been in that you've disagreed with, like any sort of experience that you've had that has now shifted the way that you think about the problem, or has provided a new lens, provided a new way of looking at what you solve. And those all become these, these little, tiny anecdotal stories of you know what, what led you to where you are today. And if you look at any major personal brand that has made it, or that is successful or that is well known, they all have these mini stories of subtle experiences that they've gone through in their journey that have led them to where they are. I've seen people share about how they're they've been in million dollars of debt and some of the things they had to do to get out of it. I've seen people share about, you know, the moment that they knew they had to leave their corporate job. I've had people share about, like, their health journeys and where they thought like, you know, their their life was on the line, and specific things that have happened that have shifted that for them. So it might not be part of the overarching message and the overarching origin story, but they do illustrate why should people think about your brand or your solution as something that is viable to them? These could also very much be related to things that are not directly connected to the message. So for example, my immigration story is a very strong, personable, personal parable that I've been using for the last two to three years, not because I help people with their immigration process like I don't. It's not part of my offer. However, it demonstrates the fortitude that I've had to develop as an individual, dealing with long distance with a partner, dealing with knowing that I'm going to be moving countries, and not knowing when that's going to happen. So that is also a personal parable that have has drawn more people to my way of thinking, and I've established my kind of sense of, this is who I am, and this is what I do.

Speaker 1  2:17:08
And I quickly take a look at the chat over here. So Jamie says I have three to share. Yeah, that's great. And I'm sure more are. More is going to come, like there's you're going to have more ideas as you're as you're going through this, um, brand personality. This is now where we're thinking about, like, what are the traits that you want to be associated with? And this is a helpful exercise to either reverse engineer the content that you've already written or to start crafting the voice that you want to have with more intention. Earlier on this call, Sasha was talking about how she's like, very bubbly and very personable, but then she also is very direct, straight to the point in corporate sounding. And so how can those two things coexist? Well, they can, as long as you have set the intention that you want to be known for both. So some of the ways that I've crafted my brand personality is actually looking at, how do I just naturally express myself? If I look at the ways that I naturally write, it comes off as a little bit academic. It's not just super easy to understand, like my my thought processes are very long winded. My posts are very long. They're very in depth and rich in language. And so some of the brand personality traits I want to be known for is that long, sophisticated, thought provoking type of person. And again, this becomes really important when we're describing your brand essence, because essentially, people are not going to be buying just the words itself, but just how your message is making them feel when they read a piece of content. Is it like esoteric and almost a little bit like fairy tale, like or is it very straight to the point and like direct response? Do they get a sense of your tonality? Do they get a sense of your personality behind it? Or are you trying to filter yourself to just sound like what you're supposed to sound like so you want your voice and your tone and like the energy behind the message to be personified and written or spoken through your content. This also includes your mannerisms and the small quirks about you and the different elements of what actually make you you, and how can you allow those to be seen in your content? Again, we're not just writing posts so that we check off all the boxes of make sure, you know, talk about the offer. Have a convincing headline, have a great call to action. You want your your personality to shine through. And the very last aspect of this is brand association. So this has far more to do with the images that you have to share, the ideas that you consistently talk about. So there was an exercise, and maybe I'll even find it and I'll post it in the group I got one of my clients to do a long time ago where I was basically like, think about my brand. Like, think about parmese as the brand, and just throw out as many words as you can, like whatever that comes to your mind. And she said a bunch of things, like, memes, cigars, philosophy, messaging, writing, academics, like she just wrote or threw out a whole bunch of words at me. What that does is that it helps people see the entirety of what are the association. That people have made with your brand. And again, you can either reverse engineer it by taking a look at the entirety of your content and then being like, Huh, what does this say about me? Or if you're new to building a brand, you can start actually building those associations by thinking strategically as what are the main ideas or the main emotions or the main things that I want to become known for. How can I start infusing more of that in my brand so people can associate me with those things? Alright, take a quick break. Let me take a quick look at the chat over here to make sure about Kevin says, Do you care about brand archetypes? No. And the reason why is because the way that brand archetypes have been taught is, here's these 12 archetypes that exist, which ones do you fall into? Or here's these 12 archetypes, and, you know, take this quiz, and it'll tell you which one you're closest to. I think that can hold some value. I think that what it what it ultimately does is it kind of still puts you in a bit of a in a in a bit of a box. And while it can be clarifying in the beginning stages of your brand, because what it does is that you're like, Oh yeah, I can resonate with like, being the sage, or I can resonate with being the the magician, it still kind of like taints your natural way of expressing yourself. So what ends up happening is that you kind of end up being like married to that, and now you start thinking to yourself, well, this quiz told me I'm a sage, so I need to now start talking like a sage all the time. So I actually prefer for you to craft your own archetype and craft your own essence, rather than looking externally. Yeah, you're

Speaker 3  2:21:37
still curating a persona. Basically. You're like, Hey, I'm close to the sage, but I'm not the sage entirely, but I'm going to choose that, because it's a close I get

Speaker 1  2:21:46
Precisely, precisely. And I think also that what it does is that it makes you think that outside of those 12 archetypes, no other archetypes exist. Like it makes you feel like you have to fit into one of those and can be consistent with that. And it also takes away nuance, because much like how Sasha shared, like she can be very bubbly, but she can also be very academic, much like how I could be very gangster, but I can also be very serious and businesses. So it's almost like you want to find a way to merge those two, and if you fall into the archetypes, it almost makes you feel like you can't be one or the other. Even with quizzes where you have, like, a primary archetype and a secondary archetype. I prefer to just create my own archetype. Like my archetype is parmese, and here's what I stand for, rather than being like, well, I'm actually a sage and I'm also one of these. It's like, it outsources my power. Awesome. Sasha, you have

Speaker 4  2:22:37
a question again, yeah, in terms of kind of a bit previously around, like, what you stand almost like against, what are some things to kind of think about when you're crafting that? Because I think I'm still like, I'm still in that discovery phase of like, what do I actually like, what's almost like the antithesis of what I want to talk about? Yeah, um, what are some of your yeah thoughts around, yeah, yeah. I guess crafting that list of like, here's what I'm ant against.

Speaker 1  2:23:08
So this is interesting, because you won't know what you're against until you know what you're for, and the only way to get clarity on that, and by the way, guys, I don't want to say that you guys need to be contrarian or need to be controversial for the sake of being controversial. I also think that people like the pendulum has swung to the other side, where people feel like, in order to create differentiation, I need to be ranty, or I need to take a stand against something. And again, that contributes to that false self, that false authority, where we're now like creating a stand against or creating a brand enemy just for the sake of having that brand enemy. We don't want to do that. So what I would want to do is I would want to start just writing more about the things that we feel strongly about, and then observing what is happening in our industry, or what clients tell us that we have this, like internal feeling towards we're like, Nope, that doesn't feel good to me. Or actually, that's not entirely true. Okay?

Speaker 4  2:24:02
Because I think for me, like, one of the big things, as I've been obviously, like, in working is a lot of, like, the leadership development is very just, like cognitive and it's very just need to think differently for like, executives and like, Eh, yes. But also there's, you know, the subconscious and all of that. So for me, that's very much like the somatic and the subconscious way, and not just the cognitive way. And then random one is around, like, alcohol. And right now it's like, hard to just meet with someone without having to have a drink. And like, how that just kind of does delay it, unless it's something that you really know. But when you're just meeting people, like, like the first time, there's always alcohol involved, and it dilutes the conversation a lot, where you don't get as much depth. And so wanted to, yeah, talk about that as well.

Speaker 1  2:24:51
That's great to me, that that's a great, polarizing perspective that you can, you can start with. And again, it's not just about calling out the problem. Being like, this is the problem you shouldn't be. Drinking alcohol when you're trying to have deep conversation, it's actually building the case for what is alcohol doing that is inhibiting the intention of that conversation?

Speaker 4  2:25:09
Okay, there's another question I had, I kind of forgot, but I'll come back.

Speaker 1  2:25:13
I'll add one more thing to what you said. I think when you say, for example, like there's, there's actually a somatic piece that happens, and it's not just a cognitive piece that's an example of creating differentiation in your perspective. So you're taking a stand against purely cognitive based transformation strategies, but you want to build the case again for why is that? Why is that limiting? Why is just going through a cognitive way of or a cognitive lens, taking away from the full potential of you creating whatever result. Why is the somatic piece actually necessary? What does the somatic piece do that the cognitive piece can't got it okay?

Speaker 4  2:25:50
That actually just sparked my other question. I think my helpful for a lot of other people was around things seeming, for us as being basic, yes, but for but for them, for other people, it's revolutionary. And I think I'm very much struggle with the whole idea of, like, you know, what's routine and normal for you is, like, you know, mind blowing for someone else. And so when I'm almost thinking of what I stand for and also the things that I'm, you know, against, I'm like, Yeah, but like, everyone knows that, but then you know, but no, but actually no, people don't. And so talk to other people outside your industry, people, because that's what's really helped me, is having friends who are just completely not in health and wellness, and then talking to them, and they're like, Oh, my God, wait, what's the subconscious? What's meditation, what's tapping, what's this? What's that? But, yeah, I was wondering if you have any thoughts on kind of getting out of our own way with things, or we seem as, like basic or everyone knows.

Speaker 1  2:26:50
Yeah, I think that this is a challenge that everybody has. Like, it's not just within, let's say your field in particular. It's because, again, we're so close to our work that things that are second nature to us are almost obvious in nature, or, like you said, revolutionary or mind blowing to other people. I love your tip about talking to other people, because it really kind of like reveals the blind spots that other others have that you're like, Wait, not everybody does this. I thought everybody knew this, right? I even feel like that sometimes with my own content, where I'm like, Oh darn. I didn't realize that this one tiny thing is actually very popular and people actually like, they're like, Oh, I didn't know that. I think that the one tip that I'll give you here is, again, you want to engage with your message on a more consistent basis, because sometimes things will seem like second nature when they're just in your head. I would urge you to write down like, the practices that you do, like, let's say EFT tapping meditation, like some of the somatic work that you do. And again, these are things that you go through on a regular basis, on your own self. But sometimes when you write them down, like, what are all the modalities, and then ask yourself, what would someone's life look like if they didn't have a regular tapping practice, what would be some of the problems that would come up for them? And then speak to those problems, because even though someone might not know what tapping is, they will know what the consequence of not tapping is, because that's what's relevant to them. And then you can turn each one of those pieces into content pieces.

Unknown Speaker  2:28:15
You're a magician. Thank you.

Speaker 1  2:28:17
It's that's a really like, I feel like for everybody, that's a really simple way of thinking about, like, pulling content pieces out of your stuff. That you feel is like, obvious is like, let's say, for example, if I want to write a post on brand essence, I wouldn't be like, here's why you need to have a brand essence to stand out. I would ask myself, what are all the problems that would perpetuate if somebody doesn't have a strong brand essence that they've intentionally crafted. And I can guarantee I would probably pull five or six different content pieces just from that one question. Awesome. Jen, I saw your hand go up and then, Faye, I think your hand up went up after Hello.

Speaker 7  2:28:56
I'm so glad you kept going so I was able to hop on for the last little bit. So this goes back to the beginning, and one of my issue is, is what people don't see of me is I'm actually quite silly and dorgy so, but I feel for me, like you have to be a very trusted person to see that side of me, and it is something that only comes out really in person. And if I try to do it online, it feels forced, or it feels like I'm trying, quote, unquote, to show that side of me. It doesn't feel natural. So that's that's where I'm at.

Speaker 1  2:29:43
Okay, this is a really good one. This actually comes up in neuro message often, because I kind of challenge people to be more them, and then there's this resistance of like, Yeah, but the parts of me that I want to show are not necessarily things that I always want other people to see. So my rule of thumb is you don't want to bring anything. Ing out or display it to the outside world that you don't feel comfortable displaying to the outside world. And that is not necessary. Being a brand that is authentic and that is demonstrating all of the ways that you are you does not mean having to air out and display every aspect of you. I think it's the aspects of you that you feel most comfortable with and that feel like they play a role in someone's decision to potentially wanting to work with you. I call this actually, I didn't create this. Sorry, I didn't create this method. There's something called the Johari Window, if you guys want to look it up. This is a concept I teach within neuro message. But Johari is spelled J, O, H, A, R, I, and it's basically like a matrix of looking at like, what are the seen parts of you, the unseen parts of you, the parts of you that you have accepted, or the parts of you that you want to put out there? And I kind of use this as a bit of a method to demonstrate, like not all parts of you are meant to be seen. Some of them are just for you. An example of this, and I might have used this on one of these calls. I can't remember if it was this group or the other, but I said, like, I'm covered in tattoos. I don't really display that to the outside world. Like my back from the head, like from the top to bottom, is tattooed. No one knows that, aside from the people who are like, closest to me. Nor does my brand really like talk about that or like, it doesn't, it's not shown. And I'm sure that if I were to show tattoos and be like, one of those, like, super tattoo, whatever models, it could probably get a lot of attention, and some people might even be drawn to it, and other people might be really turned off by it. But that's not really an element of my brand that I feel like needs to be brought to the surface because I don't see it. That's like something private for me, that I enjoy. I don't really see it as necessary a part of my brand that could create connection, it could, but I just don't see the necessity in that. I would much prefer to talk about my nature walks and my workouts and my immigration stories and my nomadic life, because those are still elements of my personality that I feel comfortable bringing to the surface. So does that kind of help like you? If you want to bring your humor and your quirks and your silliness to the surface, you absolutely can. It could just be a matter of you being afraid to be seen in that way. That's also a very, you know, true thing that could be happening. I personally have a very dark sense of humor, and for a long time, I was worried that if I display my dark sense of humor that people are going to get offended, or, like, see me as a less credible source. And ever since, I've owned it, and I'll post memes, I'll post funny things, or, like, make dark, dark humor jokes, and people actually love it. And that was something that I had to get comfortable with bringing to the surface, and I thought maybe this would be a cool way to, like, lighten up my brand, because that's who I am behind the scenes. But then there's other elements that I'm, like, this is me, but I just don't see the need for posting all that all over social media.

Speaker 7  2:32:50
Yeah, so you, you pretty much just reinforced how I feel about it, like I am, that I know that I'm not. I embrace all parts of my silly, Goofy, Goofy nature. And if a client, if I'm on a call with a client, of course, that's going to come out and in my real life, that comes out with with friends. But try, I feel like it's just something I'm trying to do to say, hey, look, I'm this also. And it feels unnatural, so it feels forced. So I feel like that's something that you get. It's a privilege to see that part of me, and you have to kind of earn that privilege to see that part of me. And I'm perfectly okay with owning that, like I don't feel ashamed by saying that by any way, absolutely,

Speaker 1  2:33:39
yeah, and that's also perfectly fine, like, if, like, that's totally valid, and it's almost like you've owned it within yourself. But then you also don't see the need for it to be everywhere and in everyone's faces. There's an element of, like, mystery and privacy that also is very alluring about brands. And so yeah, that if that's what you've come to, I don't want you to feel like, just because you have that element as a part of your personality, that it needs to be put out there. Yeah,

Speaker 7  2:34:05
and I do feel like we get into I feel like sometimes in it, we hear this like, well, you should, you should just display all of you. And I really have a hard time agreeing with that. I don't think that's what it means. I think it's more about accepting all of you and letting people you know see those parts of you as you feel comfortable so Exactly.

Speaker 1  2:34:31
And I think that's such a huge, huge difference where it's like, I don't need to bring all of my relationship issues into the online space. I don't need to bring my eating habits into the online space. It's not what I do with the oysters. But anyways, like I'm here, right here, I don't need to bring, like, every single detail of my existence to be real. It's more about me accepting the fullness of myself and then accepting what are the parts that I think are real? Relevant to bring into the online space and insights that I can pull from that, rather than I need to put it out there, because this is what gets people connected to my brand.

Speaker 7  2:35:11
Awesome. Well, thank you for that. I did ask a question in the group, and you just kind of went over that with Sasha, and I've heard you say it before about kind of creating these definitions, like, what does it look like if, in my world, like, if somebody was a quantum leader, like, what does that look like? And sometimes that feels, when I sit down to write about it, it feels kind of big and monstrous. Do you have any and you're welcome to do this in a group. Do you have any specific, more direct, more specific questions I could dive into with that, I

Unknown Speaker  2:35:46
posted them in on your question.

Speaker 7  2:35:48
Okay, sorry, I haven't looked so I didn't see it.

Speaker 1  2:35:51
Yeah, go take a look. I gave you, I think, three or four different questions you can reflect on on there. Awesome. Thank you so much. No problem. Okay, Faye, your question. And then I'm going to finish this off, because I do have a call at four. Go ahead.

Speaker 8  2:36:05
Hey, okay, pretty quick question, actually. And I just really wanted your perspective. I think it would relate to the the connection pillar in your like, brand identity. So like, for somebody like me right now, who's in that pre branding phase for some reason, like, I kind of feel called to talk about my journey and, like, take people along with me on, like, my evolution and where I'm going with everything, but at the same time, there's, like, this resistance to it, because I'm like, I don't want to be all like, yeah. Like, I'm so airy and fairy, I don't know what where I'm going. And like, you know, one day, I'll figure it out, guys, and you'll want to work with me. So like, I'm trying to get that balance that I just wanted to, like, hear your perspective on that.

Speaker 1  2:37:05
Okay, so the first question I want you to ask yourself is, is there a judgment, like an internal judgment that is coming through on wanting to share your journey, or is it coming from a critical, like, strategic place of like, well, I don't want to be perceived in this way, because those are two very different things.

Speaker 8  2:37:23
I think it's coming more from a critical perspective of just being like, Is that necessary? Not like, oh, what I have to share isn't valuable. Because I truly believe, if I share I drank a cup of water, it's going to be valuable for someone, you know, but like, I just want to be, like, more critical about it.

Speaker 1  2:37:46
Okay? So then the question I want you to ask yourself is, if you had to put yourself in your audience's shoes, what is the reason? What is the value that they would be taking away from following along in your journey? And it doesn't mean that it has to be like a promise or an offer or nothing like that, but sharing your journey just for the sake of you being seen. Or are you sharing your journey for them to come to certain conclusions about their own journey? Meaning? Do you want to share the takeaways, the lessons and the insights of your journey? Or do you just want to share as a just almost like a personal diary.

Speaker 8  2:38:22
No, I 100% want it to be more from that, like, idea centered brand perspective, where it's like, I want to share my journey with you, but leave it open to you. To be like, Hey, if you see yourself in any parts of these like, take something from it and like, make it your own. And so when you got it

Speaker 1  2:38:48
from that lens, does it feel lighter for you to share without the attachment of how it might be perceived as airy fairy? Or if you get grounded in the idea that it is insightful and you are helping your clients reflect, but not clients, but your audience, reflect back on how following your journey is going to be relevant to them. Does that feel more like it gives you the internal permission of being able to share from that place of vulnerability or insight or whatever, whatever it is that it evokes? Yeah,

Speaker 8  2:39:21
absolutely, like, I'm definitely going to really reflect on that more and, like, situate it deeper, and like, my own, like, emotional and psychological state, because that's exactly what I want from this space that I'm in right now. And like, I really appreciate everything that, like you're doing here with us and everybody else sharing their insights and stuff, because it's really, really given me so much, like, confidence that I didn't think I was missing. That's the crazy part of all of it, you know? And I'm like. I like, yeah, like, and I don't, yes, I want my brand to reflect me, but I don't want it to be about me as a person, you know. And I'm really starting to like, see what that means and see how that looks, yeah. And I think the

Speaker 1  2:40:17
more that you create, the more you start to see the parallels between the messages and the ideas that you want to be associated with and some of the stories and anecdotes of your personal stuff and like I shared about earlier, there's nothing wrong with sharing your your personal triumphs or your realizations or your wins. It's now more about making it less about just the win or the realization itself, and helping your readers reflect on how that's relevant to them. And the more that you can do that, and it'll get easier, the more you create, but you kind of open up the floodgates of like, I'm creating not because I want to be seen, but because I want my audience to be seen. And that's a very different energy,

Speaker 8  2:40:55
yeah, for sure. And like, maybe that's what's the missing part there is really getting settled in that energy. Because there's some people who, when they like, post their morning coffee, I'm like, Oh, they're just kind of, it feels like they're just posting. I just like, have something posted. But then there's like, other people who are like, when they post their their morning beverage, I'm like, oh, like, this is their, like, a ritual of their thing that they do, and it's kind of more like giving me an insight into their evolution. And I think it's like, it could be either way, but it really comes from, like, where, where your intention is coming from. And that's really what I'm trying to get grounded on. Yeah, no problem.

Speaker 1  2:41:41
And I think when, again, when I speak about the energy behind the content being more important than the content itself, you guys can literally feel when someone is posting just for the sake of posting, or when someone is just saying something to be perceived a certain way, versus when someone is saying something because it's coming from, like, the bottom of their heart, or it's, it's coming from such a deep place of alignment. It's, it's it's coming from such a deep place of, like, I have to share this thing, rather than I'm going to share it, because it's going to get me the views, or it's going to just tick off the box. Of, like, I created content today. So I think that is that's really important to get grounded in where it like the energy is coming from a place of purity and it's coming from a place of service, not coming from a place of manipulation. So I was glad, I'm glad you've made, you've had that realization, and that's going to become a lot easier for you to do. The more you get, the more you create. Essentially, there's like, a symbiotic relationship that happens with your confidence and your creativity.

Speaker 8  2:42:34
Yeah, and like, I'm also thinking, like, as an evolution to this, that eventually, when I do get to a place where I have offers and I'm being more, like strategic, and I'm going through the program again to be like, okay, like, now I can actually, you know, do everything, like being strategic and like even focusing on, like conversion type stuff, or even using a framework is not going to Feel manipulating. It's going to feel genuine, because it's like, I'm already coming from a very solid place. That was the mix up for me. So, yeah, I'm just like, so in love with it all. Thank you for me. Of

Speaker 1  2:43:13
course, no problem. That's a really good point. Yeah, it kind of almost like creates that solid foundation of coming from a place of I know myself. I know my worth. I know the value I have to share. I've built an audience that has already received so much value from me. So when you go to create an offer, you're not just coming out of the woodwork and being like, Hey guys, by the way, I have this thing to sell. You actually have a much more grounded way of sharing your expertise. So I think that's beautiful. Thanks for sharing. That was great. Alright, guys, let's wrap this up, because we're literally at the very end here. So the last component of this is the connection piece, that has a lot more to do with the community that you're building, rather than the, you know, again, the image that we're trying to to sell of ourselves. So what I want to talk about the community piece, or the connection piece from, from that diagram I showed, I showed earlier is we want to make sure that the client criteria, or the criteria of the people that we actually want to attract into our brands is aligned with us. So I'm not even going to touch on like, how to be authentic, how to share the things that you that make you you, because those are so dependent on who you are. Like again, I'll share my workouts. I'll share my What do you call it my? You know, my, my travels. I'll share, like, all the elements that make me me. I can't prescribe those to you guys, because you guys are all very different individuals. You guys are different humans, and so that's going to look different for all of you. So with everything that we just talked about with Faye and with Jen, I feel like you guys have a good idea of, like, what things you want to bring to the surface that really demonstrate who you are. But now, when we get into the actual conversion, or the thinking about attract attracting the right types of clients, it becomes a lot less about, like, what do I say to get them to see me a certain way? And it all starts with you being very clear on what your criteria for your clients are. So. There's four questions that I ask myself to really dive deep into the criteria of who's the right person to work with me. The first one here is what shared beliefs do your clients need to have? The shared beliefs are really important, because if someone does not believe the same things that I believe when it comes to marketing, around ethics, around being mission based around not using scarcity. It's a lot harder to work with them than someone who believes the opposite, right? So we want to make sure that the people coming into our spaces have the same beliefs as me. Now, when I say beliefs, I don't mean necessarily, like religious beliefs or, you know, fundamental beliefs about like life or philosophy or anything of that. They don't need to have the same exact same belief structures on everything, but they do need to share the same beliefs within the context and within the field that we're in. The second one is, what must they be willing to do to see change? This is really important, because if you get people who come into your world who are not in alignment with the methods and frameworks and strategies and tactics that you get them to deploy, it's going to be very hard to see results with them. So as an example of this, if I got you guys to get into this program, and I said, for homework every single day, you need to create and post three reels, almost all of you would be like, like, I don't know if I would want to do that right, versus if I said, you know, you come into this program and you're showing up for the calls, you're doing the homework, you're you're dedicating yourself to the process. So I'm attracting the types of people who are willing to actually take the actions. If you are not willing to take these actions, we are not a good fit to work together. Very similar to inside neuro message. If you think social media is a necessary evil, or if you hate it, or if you know you don't want to be online, then you're probably not going to thrive inside that program. Now, as you guys saw on the very first call, I have people in that program who are not on social media and are crushing it, but they don't have this belief, or they don't have this idea that, you know, social media is evil and that they shouldn't be on it. They need to be on a platform that is consistently demonstrating their expertise, whether it's on a stage, in person, like they need to have some sort of platform. The last two here, what must they already have in place to make them a good fit to work with you and get results? This is again, super important, because we don't want to just appeal to everybody. We want to make sure that people who are coming into our world have a very strong pre existing foundation that sets them up to actually get results with us. So for example, if someone comes into my world and they have zero audience, they have zero expertise, they have zero presence online. It's very difficult for me to to then look at their marketing, for me to look at their messaging and help give them guidance on what they need to do. They already need to have a validated offer. They already need to have a even if it's a very small, pre existing audience, if someone is starting at zero, they're not a good fit to work with me because it's a lot heavier of a lift. They're probably better off working with a like a newbie strategy coach to get the basics of their business set up before they come into my world and the very last one. And funny enough, my list for this one just keeps getting longer and longer. That's just what happens with experience. What would disqualify them as a good fit to be a client? And there's a lot here, right? So if someone comes into my DMs and says, Hey, my launch is failing, can you save it or like, Do you have any copy templates and frameworks that I can buy and implement for my next email, whatever? I've now had a massive list that's been curated for what would disqualify people to be a good fit to work with me as a client. And this is, again, so, so important, because sometimes we get so focused on I need to get my message out there. I need to attract people. I need to close the deal. I need to get the person in that we forget that we also need to stand for our values. We need to stand for what it is that we know we are good at and who is the best to serve with what we have to do. I have a post pending. I haven't made it yet, but it basically says, like, the better I get at what I do, the less people I want to help with it. And I know that sounds like super evil, because so many people are like, I want to reach, reach a million people, and I want to help 1000s, and I just want to get my work into the hands of so many people. And what I've realized is that that's not actually the case. As a matter of fact, the more skilled I become, the less and less people are actually qualified to receive my services. And that is okay, that is the that is the intention of specialty, and that is the intention of mastery. You're not going to be for everybody, and the moment you can own that, that's what will really help you stand out. But again, these questions might not be things you have all the answers to right now. These naturally evolve, and you get more clear on them when you work with more people, when you take on clients and you're like, Hmm, that person really wasn't a good fit. Wasn't a good fit. Or hmm, from now on, when I work with people, they need to have a website in place. They need to have already had some mindset work done. They need to be in therapy. They need to have some experience with a somatic practitioner, like, whatever that looks like. Okay, the very last piece, and then I gotta run and literally, like, form a. Is when we're thinking about crafting our presence to now speak to the essence. There are two ways that I want you guys, especially in the beginning phases of building your brand, that I want you guys to think about it. Think about your authority angles, so one to three domains that you want to be known for, and have fun with it. Allow this to evolve, allow this to change. Essentially, if you were to look at what you solve, how you solve it, what your core message is, what are some of the ideas that you feel so strongly about? What do those things, what categories do those things fall into? And over time, these authority angles are going to become kind of like the core pillars that your entire brand and your entire message is, is stemming from but for the time being, I want you to think about like, if I had to, if I only had to be talking about three things for the rest of my life on my brand, like, what would that be? And maybe write them down. Maybe experiment with it and allow yourself to just go out and post things that fall within these categories, or take a look at your pre existing presence right now and then ask yourself, Okay, if I had to take all of the content I've written in the last six months and categorize them into three things, what am I constantly talking about? Because that can help you identify that as well. And then the content themes for you beginners, or for people who are just kind of getting back into business or have pivoted and are trying to like, craft this, this narrative, or craft this messaging ecosystem. If I had to distill all of those things then and maybe these three things become your authority angles, if I had to distill all of it down into three themes, it's your strong perspectives, personal insights and trainings and teaching so strong perspectives, everything that you see that you want to call out everything that you feel you have a strong perspective or opinion on anything that you you you wish there was more discussion over those are your strong POVs, personal insights, so your own personal triumphs, your own personal things you had to go through. But again, the key here is you're not making it about the accomplishment or the lesson. You're making it about what are you taking away from from that? What is it that people need to learn about your way of doing whatever that is? And then the last piece is trainings and teachings. So if you had to train people on one particular topic, what would be the things you need them to know? So if I was training people on like, you know five things they need to know about messaging that doesn't convert, or three things they need to consider before going into their next launch. Or, you know, the seven mistakes that personal brands make that that hinder their results? I'm teaching. I'm demonstrating my expertise. I'm getting people familiar with my core message and what it is that I do so well. So take some time to reflect on these. Take some time to reflect on your questions up here take some time to really reflect on like, what are some of those strong POVs? What are parts of your story and your insights that you really want to share, and what are the more tangible elements of what you do that you can start teaching people, because this will then kind of set you off on this trajectory of being able to create consistent messaging around what it is that you do. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai