Speaker 1  00:43
Hello, hello, guys, welcome. Super excited to be here. Hello, hello, Emily's here, amazing Anissa hermesh, awesome stuff, guys, let me just make sure that everyone's got the right link. Yes. Okay, cool. I had, I was trying to get an AI note taker to join in, but for whatever reason, it said this meeting type is not supported, so that's too bad. It's all good. All of our calls going forward are going to be transcribed when they're uploaded anyway, so you guys will have kind of like a quick recap and notes. So if the AI is not able to join live, we'll just run it through it after but welcome. We have a lot of people who've registered for this call, but as you guys know, some people show up late. Some people show up on time. It is what it is. I'm super excited to have Emily here today, because there's very few people like I genuinely mean this. There's very few people that I trust with my brain, and after years and years of investing into like coaches, consultants, generalists, when I was putting together just like neuro message in itself and thinking about what are better ways that I can deliver my genius to people, the one person who kept coming up to mind was Emily, and we kind of met through a mutual friend. But what I love about Emily's way of doing things is that she's She kind of falls in line with, like, the neuro message, philosophies and principles of like being a deep thinker, not just creating things that things that are surface level, not putting together like offers that sell, but actually caring about the facilitation process and caring about clients getting results. So I'll let Emily introduce herself in just a second, but I'm going to go on a little tangent about how great she is. So in terms of, like, our curriculum upgrades and everything that I've been working on behind the scenes, she's one of the only people, if not the only person, who's been able to challenge my brain to think more critically about how I'm delivering trainings, and what are my own methods, my own frameworks, and what are some of my own unique ways that I want to show up in teaching you guys so that you're not just getting, like, blah, a whole bunch of information. But how do we make sure that you're implementing and taking actions and walking away from this program with actual, tangible skills that you've developed? So with all that being said, I'm excited for today's training, because framework creation is something that I've been doing for years with my clients, but Emily also specializes in as well, and so we both have very different but similar ways of approaching it, and I would love to get her perspective on frameworks processes, what she calls cogs, branded concepts, because I recognize that there's a lot of confusion around which one is which. When do I need to have a framework? When do I don't need to have a framework? How does a framework come to be? And so I'm hoping to answer all your questions when it comes to all of the things framework related today. And the other thing I'll also mention too is that Emily, I'm sure will agree, your framework is not something that you just create once and then say, okay, great, I have the framework now, like we're off to the races. Your framework is something that is going to continuously iterate and develop as you yourself, as the coach or as the practitioner, further deepen your knowledge, your skill set, and you're kind of like, your identification of who you work with. So whatever we come up with today is not going to be like, I'm not expecting you guys to like, walk away with a crafted framework. This is really just to help you guys understand the differences between processes, methods, methodologies and frameworks, and how to think about how to approach building your framework. So without further ado, welcome Emily. Thank you so so much for being on this call. I'm super excited for you to be here.

Speaker 2  04:26
Oh my gosh. Thank you so much for having me so it's like the best way to start my day. Oh, just sing my praises. Thank you.

Speaker 1  04:32
We'll talk for a second. I just need to go on a tangent about how great you are, but yeah, thank you for being here and how much you were there actually in London when Emily and I led a an in person VIP day. So that was, that was a ton of fun. So I'm, I'm excited to have her kind of be here in the background. She will be making a reappearance at some point to talk a little bit more about offer ecosystems. So this is just the beginning. But yes, welcome. I would love for you to kind of go a little bit. Into, first of all, what you do and explaining it in your way simply because I think there's things that people associate with, like learning design and curriculum design and all that, that sort of jazz, and I think you do an excellent job of explaining the importance of how you do it differently.

Speaker 2  05:15
Thank you. Yeah, well, I'm so excited to be here. So like, thanks so much for everyone who's joining live and for everyone who's catching the replay. This has been me, like, is gonna be like so much fun. And what I really love about today like the fact that, like you said, pardon me, we have overlapping views, but slightly different views, and this is, I think, going to be so, so important for everything we're talking about, but really is at the underpinning of my philosophy. So I am what's called a learning designer. I go by a whole bunch of different titles because everyone call because everyone calls it on different like curriculum, designer, learning designer, Instructional Designer, course, doula, transformation architect. There's, there's so many different names to describe what I do, but really at the heart of it, it is helping people take all of that juicy brilliance, all of those ideas, all those like, 5 million thoughts a minute that you have in your head, and pulling it through into a very intentionally architected journey to transformation for your people. Because there's kind of this, like epidemic of courses and offers out there that are all focused on content, and how much can we possibly shove into an offer? Because volume equals value, and that's not what I'm about. I'm about how do we get your people results? How do we make sure that what you are designing is really going to get them a transformation? It's going to change their life. It's not just going to give them information to binge or information to consume, because transformation doesn't come from information. It comes from implementation. And so really, underpinning all of my philosophy is that there is not one right way to do an offer, there's not one right way to do a course. There's not one right way to do a framework. And that is really what we're going to dive into today. Is like understanding kind of why we create frameworks, the different ways of approaching a framework, how a framework can serve you in your business, but not feeling like it has to look a specific way. You know, there's lots of people talk about like, oh, it has to be an acronym, or has to be a process or something. And so just like when I am supporting my clients with designing the curriculum and the architecture of their programs, that doesn't have to be like, eight modules, and it doesn't have to be a linear course, it can be so many different things. The same kind of principles apply to your your framework.

Speaker 1  07:21
Yeah, thank you for explaining that. Because I also think that when we're thinking about framework creation, a lot of people think that it needs to be some sort of, like, linear process, so that every single person who comes to work with them or comes into their program needs to go through the step by step process. So I'm excited to kind of get into a little bit of, like, you know, debunking some of the myths around frameworks as well. And what I love about Emily's philosophy is that it goes hand in hand with what I say around a lot of emphasis has been put on your message and your marketing. And how do we get clients in the program? Like, how do we sign clients? How do we attract clients? How do we put content out there that gets the right people to reach out? And of course, you guys are in this program, so that is an important facet of your your your brand, but at the end of the day, your reputation really stands on. Are you able to deliver the result that you promised? And are you able to create a process or a framework that delivers repeatable results? Because one of the things that I learned early on in my journey is that there's a difference between just intuitive genius and actual, tangible genius, and that itself is a concept I literally just whipped up yesterday when I was trying to define frameworks to someone where I realized that many people say, hey, I can help you go from feeling, you know, unfulfilled, feeling like you're lacking clients, feeling like, you know, whatever the before state is, to feeling fulfilled, feeling happy, feeling whatever, but then what they're missing is that process that actually facilitates that process, like the facilitates that transformation. And what a lot of people do in the beginning phases of their business is that they go about it intuitively, meaning they're the expert they have, like, a bunch of tools in their tool belt. And anyone who comes to them, they kind of just intuitively feel into what does this person need? Okay, what are the problems they're feeling okay, what tool can I pull out of my tool belt and support them with? So it's kind of, I don't want to say it's a random approach, but it is a very customized, personalized approach to every person that you work with. Now, as you mature and as you grow as a business owner, you will slowly start to realize that that is a very unscalable method of doing that, and beyond just the scalability of it. It's also very hard for you to be convicted in your expertise and convicted in the transformation that you offer if you don't have something solid and tangible to ground your claims in. So when I've got my neuro message, you know, brand identity, brand message, brand presence framework, I now have a tangible thing that I can root back to, where anytime someone says, you know, I've got an issue with my conversions. I have an issue attracting the right wrong types of clients, or I don't necessarily know how to articulate what it is that I do, I can always tie it back to one of the core pieces of my framework, that kind. Serves as a diagnostic to be like, Oh well, what you need is this. When I didn't have that, I was still confident in what I do. I knew I was a whiz with words, and I knew that I was excellent at pulling out messaging from my clients, but I had no way to know. I didn't have a tangible way to be like, here's what I do with my clients. I just simply said, I know I'm an expert. I know that if you've got messaging issues, just come to me and I'll help you. So the beauty of having a framework in place is really just adding tangibility to the process that you have. Emily, would you agree? Or anything to add to that?

Speaker 2  10:30
I'm sure absolutely, I completely agree. And I think what it is, and often what we feel like, is intuition, is actually unconscious competence. It's unconscious brilliance where, like, what you what feels like intuition moment, like, even for you, parmese, where you're, like, hearing someone talk about the messaging, and you're like, oh, it's not quite landing, like, how we need to change it. And it feels like it's happening in, like, a blink of an eye. It's a series of micro decisions based on skills that you have honed, that are happening so quick because you're so expert at what you do. And I think that is what's so powerful about a framework, is it's like surfacing that kind of internal process, that internal framing where you're like running it through, like, is it this or this? Does that land here? Does this land here? And that's so much about what like, designing and adding structure to your brilliance through frameworks, through programs like, all those things are so powerful. Because not only does it just make you a better teacher, it makes you like a better leader, because you're getting like, you're not like, oh, I don't know, it just felt right in my body. This is what we're doing. It's like, oh, actually, these, this is the quantifiable thing that I am using to guide you through this. And ultimately, that's what's at the heart of scalability. When you want to start being able to like, impact people on a bigger level, and not be like, you know, having to answer every single thing or explain every single thing on, like, a call or something like that with your people.

Speaker 1  11:47
Yeah, exactly. And that kind of leads right into one of the things that I consistently talk about in my own messaging is becoming known for your ideas and becoming known for your insights and your thoughts, rather than just becoming known for you and when you have a clearly defined framework, or if you have branded concepts, or, like a proprietary process that you've put together, that's when you can really stand out in the industry, because you actually have intellectual property that you've created into this, like, tangible thing that you become known for, rather than people just knowing you for, like, oh, Emily is great, or Oh parmese is Great. So you become known for your frameworks and concepts, and you become known for the reputation that you have, for these insights that you have created, rather than just being known as you know, the skilled coach or the skilled service provider. So it's really acting as a differentiation point. Amazing. So, yeah, anything to add to that? Emily, no, I think we're, we're good to dive in, but let's go for it. So I'll let you kind of take the reins with with what you have listed out. And yeah, I will, I will jump in occasionally if I have something important to

Speaker 2  12:52
add here. Yeah. Okay, amazing. And also, my cat is sleeping, like, right next to my laptop, right where the mic is. So if you hear weird, like, heavy breathing, it's because he snores when he sleeps. What's the background noise? It's just the you know, zoo that I have in my office at any given time. Okay, so where I want to start with frameworks is talking about, like, what a framework actually is? Because I see this question come up all the time where it's like, is it a method? Is it a process? Is it a methodology? Is it a framework? Like, what is it? And it's because, like, everyone's using the words just a little bit differently to mean the same thing, and some people are complaining terms that should be separate, and some people are separate in terms that can be the same thing. And so, like, the caveat that I want to say is this, I'm going to kind of define how I see the difference and how I am using these, these words, knowing that you may interact with these terms differently, especially if you have an academic background, which is where a lot of this comes from, is like, when we think about like, methods and methodology, it's from people doing research and people saying, like, this is how I did this, and this is, you know, what informed the research that I did. And so the first thing that I kind of wanted to find is that a framework does not have to be a linear process. A framework does not have to be a method every single time. And this is the kind of first trap that people fall into is they go like, well, what's my method? And what people say is like, Okay, well, how do you get people from point A to point B? And they go, Well, first I identify their ideal client avatar, and then I help them map their journey, and then I have them map their action. And it's like, we kind of focus on, like, what are the steps that we do? Now, if you want to be known for your process, that's totally fine, but what I like to do is, when we're looking at frameworks, is go like, there can also be theoretical, ideological values based skills, based underpinning to your framework. And often, when we are thinking about that, it gives us permission to expand out of the like, step 123, method, so we can have a process or a method which is just linear. How do we get from point A to point B? And that's kind of one of those things where, like, a method can be a framework, but a framework doesn't have to be a method. I. To just to kind of define the difference, whereas your framework or your methodology, and technically speaking, in the academic world, methods and methodology are different, like your method is not like an abbreviation for methodology, but that's really confusing. So we're just going to use the word framework, and a framework is the ideological theoretical, philosophical, practical framing, like literal framing for the work that you do. So going beyond just like, what steps do you take? You want to think about the fact that at some point you have made the decision to choose what those steps are, or to choose what the core skills are that you believe in, you know, like, if we take Burmese for an example, like, at some point you went, well, there's all these things that people could think about when it comes to messaging. These are the three like, these are the three that I have chosen, and that has been informed by your expertise, that's been informed by your belief system, that's been informed by experience that you've had with clients. And so what we want to look at is with our frameworks, is that it's not just what you do, it's why you do it, it's how you do it. It's like the kind of core founding principles of it. So we think about in our work, if we want to look at the framework as literally, it is what holds the work. It is what kind of weaves through everything. And this is where things can get a bit confusing, because I can almost guarantee you, in what you do, you probably have multiple frameworks. And we can even see this with parmese, because I feel like you have a new framework coming out, although you're like, I got this visual, I've got this thing, I've got this and that's okay. This is not like some process where, if you just work at it hard enough, you're going to come to, like, the capital T framework, capital F, where you're like, This is it? This is the one. You are probably going to have multiple frameworks, you're going to have multiple processes, you'll have multiple other tools that we'll get into later in this training. And so what we're going to be talking about as we're kind of talking about the kind of what makes a good framework is, what is your primary framework? What is the primary one that you want to be known for? Doesn't mean you're not going to have secondary and tertiary frameworks that come up and interact. But this is where the world of kind of learning design. So like, how do we design transformation? How do we support our people? How do we design our experiences? Intersects with the world of marketing, which is like, how do we make things really sexy, so that like people are like, ooh, this stands out. Like this is this is so fun? Or like this sets you apart from other people in your field. And so when we're choosing what our primary framework is going to be, we want to be looking at like, what is the thing that like? If people only think of one thing for me, if they only like one thing comes to mind, it's this, it's this framework, opposed to other ones that I'm looking at. Before I go any further. Parmes, you have anything you want to

Speaker 1  17:57
add? Yeah. So I think what was really helpful for me when I was thinking about this, because it took me about maybe three years to land on like, the the primary framework that I have now was really paying attention to like Emily said, like, it's like the frame that holds your work. So when it comes to messaging, there's so many different directions I can go. But what I was really helpful for me was, what are the core pillars that people need to move through to get to the results and getting really clear on what the end result is that I provide for my clients was a good place to start, because I don't necessarily, you know, make big money promises. I'm not promising that I'm going to teach you how to launch to your first, you know, six figures. What I'm promising is that you are going to develop the skill of messaging and the skill of communication. So getting really clear on what that end outcome for my clients were was really helpful in reverse engineering, essentially, what are the big things that need to happen in order to facilitate that transformation? And as Emily said, I have multiple like diagrams and visuals that all facilitate building the mini skills that you need to get to that end outcome. But the overarching framework kind of came down to my three pillars that I have in the program. Okay,

Speaker 2  19:15
that's all for it, yeah. And I feel like that's a perfect segue to kind of like our starting point when we're thinking about our frameworks, whether you have an existing one, an existing one and you're here to refine it, or you don't have one, and you're here to map it out. We want to start with the end in mind. We want to think about what is this the framework for? And this is where we want to get as specific as possible, because how we kind of determine the pillars or the components of a framework for something that is like, you know, the outcome of a framework could be, you're going to have a crystal clear message. The outcome of a framework could be, you're going to be a messaging expert. It's an identity framework versus a skills framework. That's like, focused on it, like intangible output. So we want to think about like, what is the outcome? Outcome when someone moves through your framework that they are going to reach, is it like a tangible thing, like, like, I'm going to have my course designed, or I'm going to be able to think like a learning designer, or I am going to be able to deliver like, powerful experiences through facilitation, so we can think about in our bodies of work, what is the outcome that we are leading people towards as part of our framework. Now I find a helpful like helpful lens through when you're doing framework design, whether you want to have a certification program in your life or not, but imagine if you were to certify people to create mini use. What skills would you need to see from them? Like, what would that outcome be? Because, you know, not everyone wants to have a certification program, and that's totally fine, but it's a very helpful lens, because we realize there's actually a lot more to our work when we think about, like, well, if I were to certify people, I wouldn't, like, I'll use myself for an example. I wouldn't want to just know that they can design a good course. I would want to know that they can take the client's life into consideration and go like, well, we can design a course, but it needs to work for their life. It needs to scale for the life they want to live. It needs to support them in that way. I would want to know that they can put the learner at the heart of everything that they're doing to make sure that it's not just like, you know, technical on paper, a good course, but it's actually taking, like, real life humans into consideration. And so when we think about that kind of certification lens, that's when we start to see, see the values and the ideological and the philosophical pieces starting to come to the surface. So where we want to start is going, what is the kind of outcome, or like, the end point of the framework that we're building towards?

Speaker 1  21:48
Yeah, and I think even in the construction of neuro message, or even in the reconstruction of neuro message, what I really want you guys to take away from this program is the confidence in being able to create, to craft post, to craft wording, to craft a personal brand that naturally elicits desire from the right people. And in order to do that, it's not as simple as me just giving you guys, you know, templates for different types of posts, or, you know, hook ideas and CTAs, because although that would be giving you the answer, right? It would be giving you how to write the post. You're not necessarily developing the skill of, how do I think about this? So if parmese was out of the equation, or if neurometrics was complete and I'm no longer in this program, do I have the skill set of being able to apply those principles and know how to think about my content, or know how to think about my brand building in a way that, you know, I feel self sourced. I feel like I've developed that skill myself. Yeah, that was a helpful way to think about it,

Speaker 2  22:52
okay, before we move forward to kind of like next steps on check in to see if there's any questions coming up about what we've mentioned so far. Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:05
And RB says, very clear, and it says, got a question. I think, yeah,

Speaker 3  23:12
that's more of a perspective, just to see if I'm understanding this correctly. Is this then also a way of saying, we see a lot of people seeking out education, and it's not necessarily education at the end of the day, because I'm hearing it's more now. It's experience based. It may not be that you've had XYZ amount of certifications within the space that you're in, but the experience with the type of clients that you need in order to build a framework that is relevant to I'm saying that mainly because of my industry, everybody's focused on getting training and sort of the esthetic space, right? Everybody wants a training and a certification. It seems like what I'm hearing is we can go back to your level of experience in translating that how it's actually going to create a transformation for your client, instead of dedicating more energy and time into getting more certifications and learnings under your belt, right?

Speaker 1  24:04
Yeah, I think kind of like the analogy of the certifications is like how to think about your framework, so that you're including trainings, or you're including lessons, or you're including modalities or pieces of your framework that move the needle towards them actually developing the skill. So when someone leaves your program, it's not just like, oh, okay, tick the box. I finished this program where I went through this, this course, it's like, did they actually receive the transformation? So if someone's going through a certification, the clear before and after is before the certification, I didn't know how to do blank. Now after the certification, I know how to do blank. So with framework design, you want to make sure that you're including the necessary facets that actually facilitate that transformation. Am I understanding that correctly?

Speaker 3  24:49
Yeah, I think that's part of it. I think from I guess my question is, let's say we're using it in a practitioner, right? So we're talking framework. Next, can that framework be it's getting your client from A to B, but in that specific space, it really comes down to, I guess we're back to unique value proposition. It's not necessarily education. It is the experience that sets you apart from and that can be done through developing a framework.

Speaker 1  25:26
Yeah, because I feel like your framework is basically the like, it's the frame around all the things that you want them to take away. And even if it's not a step by step process, it's essentially the core principles or philosophies that you want them to be able to walk away and say, I now understand this, or I now get this, or I can now do this. Okay, thank you. Do you want to add to that?

Speaker 2  25:47
Emily, yeah, and just to add to it as well, like, I think there can be, like, it doesn't necessarily have to be an either, or it can be a both and and so like, the the kind of amount of weight that is put on trainings or certifications, or the kind of, like, the more formal education, when you're thinking about your framework, there might be a piece that's like, Oh, this is, you know, certification backed, or this is evidence backed where it's like, I believe that, like, you know, a really good, you know, practitioner should have one, at least one certification, spoiler alert, is yours, and you're the one selling it. Or it's like one that you stand for, or something like that, but you can bring those pieces in, but yes, having that experiential side of it, because what that really does to elevate you in the field is, you know, everyone can have the same credentials, like we can all have the same degree, and we can actually all do the exact same steps. And I talk about this a lot. In learning design, there's kind of a very common process that everyone used to design a course. You can do the exact same steps as everyone else, but I can guarantee you you're doing them a bit differently. You might be putting more emphasis on one or the other for a specific reason. You might be bringing that to it from a different lens or perspective or attitude. And so that's really where our frameworks kind of we get to deepen and get more nuanced with them. Where it's like, you know, we see like, you can, like, throw a rock and hit 50 coaching frameworks that are all some variation of the acronym coach, that are like, kind of say the same thing, and it's like, well, no where we want to bring in that nuance. And that distinction is like, your like you said your unique value proposition, but how you do things differently, how you think about things, how you've selected that curation of steps and where you put the emphasis.

Unknown Speaker  27:32
Thank you. Any other questions before we move on, you're feeling good. All right? We're feeling good. Let's keep going.

Speaker 2  27:41
Really good. Let's keep going. Okay. So we know that we've kind of established what is the outcome of our framework. So like, Where, where are we kind of leading people to? What identity are they stepping into? What outcome are they working towards? And from there, what we want to do is have the kind of, like, what are the core building blocks to get to this framework. Now, I'd say there's kind of two different avenues you can go, depending on how your brain works. Some people like to go macro to micro. Some people find it easier to go micro to macro. And so you can either go, Okay, well, these are kind of like, you know, five to seven pillars that are leading people towards the outcome, whether you're going processed or whether you're going more like Venn diagram or something different. We'll talk about how to visually represent things at the end. But whether you want to kind of go, I talk about these five things all the time, or you want to go, here's every single thing that I work on with my people. Here's every single skill or concept or idea that comes to mind. And you can, kind of like, dump it all out and then start chunking it together to see what themes emerge. And either process works, it really depends on if you're like, I think I've got a sense of what I work on. It's generally these three things, or it's generally these five things. Or if you're just like, I have like, zero idea, so I'm just going to dump it all out and start to see what patterns emerge. Because, just like I said that you're going to have multiple frameworks at some point, you're probably going to go, but there's like 13 things, and they're all important, and I want to talk about all of them, and we're going to make the decision to go. Just because it's not in your framework doesn't mean you're not going to talk about it. You know, we, we have huge ranges of expertise. But again, our framework is a distillation. It's a conceptual, philosophical framing for our work, where we have to go if you only remember five things about me, if you only associate me with three things, I want it to be this and to your point, to what Zach just said in the comments about thinking, what skills we want people to be certified in for the process. This is where, how I teach frameworks, and what I think is missing a lot of the time is we want to think about, how do we take these pillars, these concepts, these things, of our framework, and then go What skills are associated with these because. It's one thing just to, like, list out, like, I help people with communication and mindset and emotional regulation. Like, yeah, great, you and, like, literally every person out there. But then what we can go is say, well, but what does that actually mean? Like, when we say, we support people with, let's say, communication skills. What does that mean? What skills are you saying like, if we're now taking your framework and we're bringing it to the next level of detail, you've got your outcome, you've got, let's say, five pillars. Now we want to go, if we had to pick three or four skills for each of those pillars, what would they be? What would people like? What would the practical ability that you are guiding people on be? And this is like, so that's like, next level. A lot of people aren't doing this with their framework, which is why I'm so excited about it. And it really starts to set you apart in the field. But it also opens up this, like, world of possibilities, of when you're thinking about, how do you design your programs, design your offers? Now you can go, well, these are the Okay, let's say you have a five part framework, and each part of the framework has three skills. So these are the 15 skills that I need to teach them. You might go, that's too much for one program. Now I can expand my offered ecosystem. Or you might go, No, I am doing these, all these skills, but I'm only taking people a certain part of the growth journey. So maybe I will design an assessment, or I will, like, start being able to help them keep track of how their skills are progressing. But by going from the kind of ethereal, abstract, kind of just like general blanket terms, down into skills, this is really where we get to be more specific, and it also helps you in your messaging, because instead of being stuck in that, like intuitive, like, I just kind of help you, and you just kind of feel better, and then, like you communicate better and like you're more in love, it's like, Oh no, I teach you how to, you know, communicate your needs in a non violent way, so that you are not Raising defensiveness in your partner so that you feel confident in communicating your needs and your partner feels receptive to hearing it. Those look way better than just like communication skills, and you can bring it down into this like measurable piece. So there's just okay. I'll pause there. Probably see your

Speaker 1  32:18
thoughts Well, the first thought that came to me is that you guys remember the the deathly copy lab call we had with all the different like exercises and stuff, so the pain, process, gain exercise that we go through that process chart is basically what Emily's talking about. And when you have a process, or when you have a framework where you can say, okay, in step one, let's say this is what we do. People don't actually care about what that actual tangible modality or tool is. What they care about is what the outcome is that they're going to get. So the significance and the relevance and the application of that tool is what I'm trying to get you guys to speak more about in your content. But you can't do that until you actually have a framework where you yourself are clear on, what do I actually do with my clients? What is the skill they're going to take away? So just wanted to put that in there where it's like you need the framework, or you need the clarity, at least, on what those chunks of things are that you do with people to be able to communicate more clearly. Otherwise you're going to forever, going to, you know, be saying that you're going to live a more happy, fulfilled life. And that's true, right? That is true. That is the end outcome. But people won't understand how it's relevant to them, and how to measure that they've actually reached that. How do we know they've actually reached a happy, more fulfilled life? What is the tool they've had to implement, what is the modality they've had to go through, right? So, yeah, that's that's all

Speaker 2  33:46
so good. Okay, so I just want to run through an example that I came up with based on cookies. Because, like, why not just to kind of summarize what we've talked about so far and just kind of working through, like, what this could look like. So I'm just gonna have my notes open here. So the example I came up with, I think it was hungry at the time, was thinking about if we were building a framework around how to, like, create and bake the perfect cookie. And let's just say that it's not about like, you know, there's lots of people who bake cookies out there. There's lots of different, very strong opinions about what makes a great chocolate chip cookie, but this is where your framework has your philosophical and ideological beliefs about cookies. So you believe that the best cookie is chewy and not crunchy, and in this example, you're plant based. Sorry, parmese, I know your feelings on vegans, but we're doing this. So you build the you make these cookies using, like vegan butter and like vegan ingredients. And you also are a firm believer in, like, the science of baking. So these are kind of core ideological beliefs you are bringing. And so based on this, you're like, Okay, we need plant based ingredients. I want these temperatures to be exact because of. Like my belief in, like, the theory and science of baking, but I also know that the baker really needs to be able to trust their gut. So I have designed my method, my framework, based on this belief system, and I've distilled it down into like, core building blocks. So if my framework around getting, like, the perfect ethical cookie, I have four pillars. I've got ethical ingredients. I've got science backed baking principles. I've got self trust and like, trust in your baking belly. And I believe that, like, the environment plays a huge role in, like, the success of the outcome of this cookie. So that you should have, like, a warm, cozy kitchen where you feel comfortable to, like, explore as a baker. So if I have the outcome being like the perfect cookie, which I'm defining, what perfect means in my world, and I have now broken down to like, these are the kind of components or pillars that need to happen. You'll notice it's not a process. I'm not saying step one, mix the butter. Step two, mix the dry ingredients. I'm saying these are the pillars of what leads to being this great cookie, but like, there's still, like some room for interpretation there, because they're just kind of theoretical conceptual framings. So if we wanted to distill this down, we might then go, Okay, well, if I believe that ethical ingredients are like a core pillar of making like an absolutely amazing cookie, then I might take that to a skill level of the ability to assess how ethical an ingredient choice is, the ability to choose alternate ingredients without compromising the structural integrity of the cookie. So now we've gone from just like ethical cookies to I'm teaching you very specific skills so that if you live somewhere where you're like, well, they don't have vegan butter, because I live in Europe, and, like, people love butter, you know, it's like, okay, well, then you I'm teaching you the skills to be able to choose alternate ingredients. I This is interacting with, you know, my belief in, like, the science of, like, why we need butter in a cookie. So we're now going from kind of, like, core things, where I'm going to become known for people to be like, Oh yeah, right. Like, I know Emily, and she's all about vegan cookies and, like, she teaches you about the choice of ingredient, but she's also a huge believer in, like, trusting your gut and like self trust in the kitchen. There's these core concepts, but then in my programs, I can get more specific, and I have a measurable skill that someone can go like, well, I literally have no idea how to, like, use alternate ingredients without, like, making my cookies a blobby nastiness that no one wants to eat. But you're going to teach me that skill, and I'm going to be able to measure my progress throughout that skill. So that is kind of how we go from like big idea down into like sub skills, and we'll talk about how to like actually represent our frameworks visually. But I think this is a really good kind of like segue over to where frameworks can get more confusing when we have multiple frameworks, and also something that I call cogs. But before I do that, I want to kind of just check in to see, like, how that's landing. It's the idea of adding skills to your framework, like, what comes up, if there's any questions around that

Speaker 1  38:16
got something to add, but I want people to if anyone's got any questions, like, you go first.

Speaker 4  38:24
It's not a question, but it's making more sense to actually put the skills underneath it. Because I think where I've had, like been challenged, I guess, is that everything's so vague and it's really like, yeah, I make people feel happy and but how do I get there? So yeah, just having those putting the skills underneath it is helping to make it a lot more clear. Yeah. I love that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  39:01
And to that point too, I think it's also important to think about again, when people are coming to you, there's like, almost like, a tangible before and after that needs to happen at every step. So with every you know major milestone that you might have in your framework, you want to ask yourself, what were they not able to do before, and what are they now able to do? Right? What is the actual transformation that's happening, even if I think about like the brand identity, message and presence, you know what they can't do before that pillar is really be able to say, this is what I stand for. This is who I am. This is what my brand is, what this is how I define my brand, versus after they can say, No, this is exactly what I stand for. I know you know what my core values are. I know what my authority angles are, so they can, like, really tangibly, say this is what my brand stands for. Same with the message, where it's like before, I have all these ideas that have no idea what content to write now. I have a clear idea of what I need to talk about, how I need to talk about it, so it's like a clear before and after. That is happening at every pillar. Is that right, Emily, or am I just talking out of my

Speaker 2  40:07
yes, no, that's, that's amazing. No, that's perfect. And I think it's, it's very much like, like you said, having the clear before and after and like, knowing that it's also completely natural. Get kind of hung up on skills like, this is a huge chunk of why people hire me. So, like, how do I make the intangible practical, like, what actually is a skill, and how do I define this? And knowing that, like, it can be a bit of a wrestling to get to, like, what actually is the skill that we're teaching here. And so it's really helpful just to keep going back to the like, the practical and kind of like a learning design trick is to ask yourself, How will I know this person has this thing, like, how will I know they're, like, good at baking cookies? And then you can go, oh, well, like they're moving around the kitchen confidently, okay, that's like, a little bit big. They're able to choose which baking pans they need. Okay, that that's a good one. Or, like, they are, you know, they're making good ingredient choices. Oh, that's a bit vague. Okay, they are able to choose between three different alternate ingredient types based on science or something like that. So we can kind of go, how do I get really specific, as if you had, like, a video camera following people around, like, how would you know that they are, like, demonstrating these skills, like, what are they doing? And a little pro tip is this, if you're saying there's, if there's a no or an understand, you haven't gone deep enough. Like, oh, they understand how this works. Oh, they know how this works. They know how to do these things. How do you know they know? How do you know they understand? So if you're seeing like, know or understand, just go, like, hear my voice going, go deeper.

Unknown Speaker  41:44
Zach's got a question. I think, yeah, go for it.

Speaker 5  41:47
What you just said? Really, Lance, because I was just kind of, kind of, as we're talking, kind of making a list. And I noticed, like, I'm just typed in the chat, like, they know how to confidently talk to anyone. They know how to set healthy boundaries. They know how to embody authentic confidence. And I'm like, Yeah, I'm getting it. So, like, how would I like? So I would, what I'm hearing is, because I don't want you just give me the answers. Um, is to, like, really be thinking about, like, what that would look like. Like, I'm trying to think about how to define the skill beyond, because I say this a lot, like, you'll know how to talk to guys. You'll know how to do this. You'll know how to do that. How would you suggest taking it a step further? I work in dating and relationship coaching,

Speaker 2  42:28
yeah, so let's take the like, knowing how to confidently talk to anyone. Break that down for me. Like, what does confidence look like? Like, what are they doing? What are they not doing? Like, just kind of like vamp on it a bit.

Speaker 5  42:42
Yeah. Well, what's happening is, especially with with guys that they are really attracted to, they either freeze or they overcompensate in people please. And either case, they're really they're closing themselves off or pushing away the secure gay men that they would want to date so confidently talking to anyone would be, and this is where I would say knowing, again, like knowing how to you know confidently express your wants, needs and desires without fear of judgment and rejection. That was kind of a subcategory that I wrote. I deleted it because I was trying to put the no examples. But even if I said that like, that would be my further elaboration to confidently express your once needs and desires without fear of judgment and rejection. Would that be like a more specific one?

Speaker 2  43:29
Yeah, that's a great one. Like being able to, like, confidently Express and sometimes, like, when I say the like, don't use the word no, it's just because we're formatting our sentence wrong. So something you can do is say, like, the ability to know how to the ability to confidently express your like, your needs, your wants, your desires. I would say there's also probably a few skills hiding under there around, like maybe managing negative self talk, or like emotional regulation or something like that. Because when you think about the without the fear, there's probably some skills that you're also teaching that we want to bring to the surface. So for you, like, I could see doing a giant skills dump to really get like, get like, kind of into the gritty with it, and then start chunking it, because you might find you have more parts to your framework than than you think.

Speaker 5  44:15
Yeah, definitely. Because, like, in the beginning, like above, that list, at the top of the list is they trust and like I was kind of listing the skills and qualities, like, they trust and believe in their self worth and value. They know how to question their stressful thoughts so they can regulate stressful emotions. So maybe instead of they know how to it's like the ability to, you know, question your stressful thoughts and beliefs so that you can regulate your emotions. Because that's really the first stages of my process is the inner game mastery, like the rewiring and reprogramming so that they can have the trust and confidence, and then it's aligning actions and behaviors, and then it's more about the communication skills at the bottom,

Speaker 2  44:56
yeah, yeah, I love that you're definitely on the right track. Cool. This is great. Thank you.

Speaker 3  45:06
So is this then parmese, as we're talking the parts and the skills that they develop throughout the framework, within the pillars we're speaking about, that in content as well. Then right is that these are the skills. So that's the more tangible pieces of what we're talking about, as opposed to, okay, and so and that can

Unknown Speaker  45:25
Jerry, go ahead. No, no. Go ahead. Go ahead. Finish your thought.

Speaker 3  45:29
I was going to ask, when we're doing sales pages and things like that, when we're actually listing out the pillars, these are the things that we are coming back to so they tangibly. Know what it is, why these pillars are important, what you're actually going to walk away with from the program? With from the program which speaks directly to the problems that they we know that they're experiencing due to the experience that we've had that's led us to create this framework in the first place. Bingo.

Speaker 1  45:52
So what I was about to say when I almost interrupted you was that this is where your process now informs your messaging when it comes to creating value statements and becoming more clear in how you articulate why someone would want to join your program. Because what ends up happening is when you get clear on the core skills that people want and need, then you can communicate it to them in a way where they're like, oh, that's exactly the problem I've been facing. So going back to Zach's example, the overarching thing that they want to do is to confidently talk to everyone or to anyone. But that does not get them down to like the reptilian brain, like the core thing that they know they really want to do, what they know is tripping them up is they either go into people pleasing or freeze mode. And so if he promises that his method or his program is going to help them move away from people pleasing and freezing and instead knowing exactly how to express themselves, without holding back on their needs and not feeling guilty for doing so that is now speaking directly to the need and the desire. And they're like, boom, that's exactly what I've been trying to do. So your process and your framework, again, gives you more conviction and being able to communicate more clearly to the exact things that people are looking to solve, but it starts with you being clear on that.

Speaker 2  47:09
And it's such a tiny little tweak that you can make on sales pages too. I see this all the time where people like you'll learn, you'll understand this. You'll know this stuff, versus like after this course, you'll be able to skill, skill, skill, skill. It's like, so much more powerful because it's so tangible. And like, you're focusing on action, not knowledge, not information. And so they're like, these little language shifts that, like, the more you're like, Oh, I'm so clear on these skills, the easier it is for you to say, like, this is why a core skill that I focus on? This is why a core thing that we practice, you know, it really comes down to like, What will people be able to do? Like, what skills will they have? What will they be able to do different and like that, just like, resonates so much people, and it's and it's so clear,

Speaker 1  47:54
yeah, and I'll add one thing, so how much does it's, yeah, I agree with you. I can see I've been over complicating everything in the name of value, I did a messaging audit on someone this morning, and her thing is all about nervous system work. And what I found interesting is that she had like, you'll learn like after her whatever master class that she's promoting, you'll learn how to regulate your nervous system, like, in a moment's notice or something. And I asked her, How do I know that I have my nervous system regulated. Like, what is the relevance to me? What is the clear before and after of like, I'm I don't have a regulated nervous system versus now I have a regulated nervous system. Like, how do I how do I know I've actually done that? And she's like, Oh, wow, I'm so close to my work that I just automatically assume that people know what that feels like and what that looks like. So that's another thing. Well, you have to remove yourself from expert mode and ask yourself, if you didn't have the knowledge, expertise and experience that you have, is it clear to them what regulating their nervous system or rewiring their subconscious patterns? Is it clear what that actually means and what that looks like? What's the relevance to their day to day? So good.

Speaker 2  49:01
Any other questions before we dive into the next piece?

Unknown Speaker  49:08
I think we're good. We can mosey on over.

Speaker 2  49:10
Mosey on all right, amazing. So then the next part I want to talk about is where things can get a bit confusing in terms of having multiple frameworks and knowing, like, what is a framework and what is, what I call a cog, a cognitive cueing structure, which is just like a little, this is like acronyms, or, you know, like little easy to remember things that we're just using to help people in their learning. There's not really a lot of, like, depth to a cog. It's just kind of there to help you remember something, you know, like, so Canadian of me, but like, you know, in like, French class, if you're trying to remember which verbs are conjugated with, like, ethnicities, like, Okay, Dr and Mrs. Vander tramp, that's a framework. It's just an acronym to help you remember things. Yes, I'm saying cogs with A, G, C, O, G, and. And so really, like a cognitive cueing structure. It's just like a little thing. It might be like, if we're teaching and we use a metaphor to be like, Oh, it's kind of like you're riding the bike for the first time or something. It's just helping people cognitively process things faster and, like, grasp it and remember it. Sometimes we like, this is where I don't know why, I don't know who started doing this, that frameworks have to be acronyms. They don't. They'll say that, like most of the frameworks that I designed with my clients, are not acronyms. So if you can't fit your framework into like, a cute word, that's okay. And this is where there's like, can be a bit of an overlap of just like, oh, this is just like, an easy to remember thing. So what I want to do is come back to this example of like, our ethical cookie or ethical Baker here about the difference between having like a primary framework or having like other frameworks that fit around it. And this is coming back to where learning, design and marketing kind of like start to overlap a bit, because what we choose to put at the forefront of our work really comes down to, like, what do we want to be known for, or what feels like it's the kind of encompassing framing, and then the kind of secondary and tertiary frameworks that fit around that. They're still we're still talking about them, we're just not putting as much weight on them. So for instance, our Baker may have that framework we talked about, with the skills around like baking the ethical cookie, but they may also have a framework for the ethical Baker, where it's like skills and a framework for a bit of a broader scope. It's more than just cookies. We're now broadening out to like all the different things that you can bake, and it's like different skills. They may have a framework for the cozy kitchen, which is like skills and philosophical frameworks for kind of creating an inspirational and welcoming kitchen environment. So for example, like the skill might be the ability to maintain and create mise en place, the ability to shop and maintain an ingredient inventory. They may also go like, you know, what I actually want to be known as the ethical Baker. So that is going to be my framework. And within each pillar now the cozy kitchen is a pillar of it, because I believe so firmly that your kitchen, your cooking environment, is like core to who you are as a baker. And that little framework I made about cookies, you know what? Everyone loves cookies, so that's going to be something I talk about. But I want to be known for being the ethical Baker. That's what I'm choosing to put at the forefront. So at a certain point we are choosing what we put the weight on in our framework. It's like, how I said, you may dump out every skill that you teach and go, like, wow, I've got 12 pillars. And like, that's a lot. You know, it's, I'm not saying it can't be done, but like, once we start to tip on the other side of about like seven things, the brain is going to have a harder time holding on to it, and we lose that, like distillation and clarity that a framework provides. So then we have to go, Okay, I'm not saying you're not going to talk about all 12 things, but we're going to choose which are the ones we're moving to the forefront. Similarly, if we come back around to the idea of a cognitive cueing structure, our Baker may decide that, like, you know, it's nice to have a kitchen environment, but like, it's not actually like a pillar, like, I don't feel like it has that same weight. So instead of having like a part of my framework or like core skills associated with it, I'm just going to have an acronym, and it's going to be eat like we want our kitchens to be, like, easy, appropriate, tidy, done. So that's where they're going. It's not, there's not all these skills I need to measure. It's not like, I'm not saying this is like, if you don't have a core amazing kitchen, you're not like, doing it right? It's just like, Yeah, it's nice to have a good kitchen, but ultimately, it's fine. So this is where I think there can be a lot of confusion, because sometimes we have multiple frameworks. Sometimes we have these, like, cute little like cognitive cueing structures. Like, something I teach is the four horsemen of the course apocalypse. So, like, the four biggest reasons why someone is not going to move through your program or experience. And it's just, you know, it's a little catchy thing that people are like, oh, what does that mean? What are the horsemen? How do I remember them? But it's not like, there's not all these skills associated with it. So knowing that, as you're moving through your body of work, and you're looking at your frameworks, you probably are going to have some sort of, like, over encompassing framework, and then you're going to have these little tools, these processes, these, like, cueing structures, all of these different things. So being able to know that, like, that's okay, it's very natural to have lots of different things, and where we choose to put the weight is kind of on US based on, like, a positioning and marketing and branding play,

Speaker 1  54:37
yeah. Can I jump in for a second. Yeah. Okay, you guys know how I have the whole core message, adjacent, message, peripheral, message thing. And when I originally presented it to you guys, there was, like, an actual diagram where there were, like, it was like part of a chart, right? So that is a smaller framework that fits within the pillar of. Brand identity, because I recognize that in order for you to have a clear brand identity, you need to understand what your messaging pillars are. So I didn't turn you know, messaging pillars into the overarching part, because I realized that fits into another core pillar, another concept I talk about, is building presence equity, right? But presence equity is just a minor concept that falls within my third pillar of building a presence and that talks about, you know, how you want to be making consistent deposits. You don't want to be transactional with your approach. You want to make sure that you're showing up consistently with relevant value. That's the definition of building presence equity. But presence equity is just like a little cute term I coined to explain a concept, but it's not a whole framework on its of itself. So all of these little methods that I use, or even the pain process gain exercise that was a practical tool I developed to help you guys clarify your messaging without having to go back and forth with me. So these were all tools, processes, methods, concepts, many frameworks that facilitate the overarching transformation that I promise, does that? Does that make sense as to like, how they all fit into the pieces awesome? Zach also says here, a tool I teach inside my program is the spa method to emotionally self regulate. So stop pattern, interrupt. Ask yourself, yeah, but I don't talk about this in my marketing or content. Now, this becomes an important piece of remember how I said, we want to extract content ideas from your process. This is a really good example of asking yourself, Zach, when would be a good opportunity or a scenario for someone to actually use the spa method? What is the application of that if they didn't have access to the spa method, what would be some of the symptoms and problems that would perpetuate versus if they did have access to it, what would be some of the problems they would be able to self resolve? That would be a great content piece of its own. Back to you. Emily, okay, before I kind

Speaker 2  56:56
of go into my final thing that I want to talk about, which is visually representing your framework, just checking it in to see if there's any questions about kind of multiple frameworks, skills like, you know, frameworks versus cognitive cueing structures, anything like that. They can clarify before we kind of move into the next piece.

Speaker 1  57:14
Actually, I have a question. Yeah, did you define the difference between, like, a process, method and methodology? A little bit more in detail, if it's if that's okay,

Speaker 2  57:23
yeah, yeah, absolutely. So a process, I would say, is a linear, step by step. Way of moving from like, point A to point B, like, first we do this, then we do this, then we do this. It's linear, it's sequential. It's kind of like step by step. And absolutely, can be a framework, for sure a method is similar. I think a lot of people use like, process and method interchangeably. Every once in all, you can say a method is not linear. It's just like, Oh, my method has four components. And like, you know, you can do them in whatever order. In general, I would say a lot of people use the word method to mean process, like they're using them interchangeably. And also, I'd say a lot of people use the word method as an abbreviation for methodology, but they're actually like different and so methodology is what I'm calling framework, because I think a lot of people don't make the definition between that if you if you haven't done, like, academic research, and that is really where it is, the conceptual, philosophical, practical, ideological, all the echoes around your work. So it's not just what you do, it's why you do it, it's how you do it. It can be the order that you do it, it can be the importance that you place on it, but it is your methodology or your framework, is the distillation and and the clarification of, like, the most important pillars of your work, and I would say, giving yourself permission to really go. Does this need to be a linear process or method? Sometimes it is. I have nothing against processes and methods. It is totally fine if it ends up linear, but we don't want to start there, because that can often, like, just put us into a box that we don't need to be in. And this, you know, leads nicely into talking about visualizing your framework to show the relationship between the different pieces.

Speaker 1  59:11
And I'll quickly add to that as well your methodology or your framework. Do you guys see how your adjacent message or how you approach it plays into that? Because you guys hear me saying this like a broken record. People don't just pay you for what you do, right? They don't just pay you for the end outcome. They pay you for your approach and the unique way that you solve the problem for them, or the unique way that you approach the outcome. That is why a lot of even my content that speaks directly to you know, the work that I do encompasses a lot of my adjacent message where I talk about ethical personal branding, where I talk about ethical marketing. I talk about the importance of you as a personal brand, being able to express yourself in a way that is you, in a way that isn't templatized, in a way that isn't formulated. And so that is part of my adjacent message that is. Is informing my methodology, and it's informing my framework on how I solve the problem. Zach says, What is the adjacent message? Again, that's your approach that you have. So the core message is, what's the thing that people are solving when they come to you? What's the problem that's going to be resolved? The adjacent message is, what is the unique way that you solve the problem that isn't really being talked about amongst everybody. That's like your way of doing that. I always use the example as someone me and somebody else can say, I can easily help you get to 10k months. But they will do it by launching five day, you know, challenges posting seven times a day, getting you to cold DM people versus I will do it through attraction marketing. So it's like you facilitate the same result at the end, but the way that you approach facilitating that result is different. I do it through attraction marketing. They do it through cold DMS and pitching.

Speaker 2  1:00:51
Would you say it has more of an ideological like underpinnings to it? Yes, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:00:55
and that's why it kind of informs the way that you structure your your framework and method or methodology.

Speaker 2  1:01:05
Okay, so the next piece I want to talk about is visually representing our framework. And this is something that I am such a huge fan of creating these models. These like visual models or representations of the framework, for a couple of reasons, like one, sexy marketing, like, everyone loves a beautiful diagram. It's like, ooh. And it really is true that, like, a picture says 1000 words, that when you have designed your framework visual intentionally, it communicates so much about your work and about what you stand for and what the kind of core pillars are, without you having to have this like essay of text being like, and then pillar one is this, and then pillar two is this, and then pillar three, and then people are like, I've read for so long because a good framework visual, it represents the kind of core components of your framework, and It represents the relationship between these and so this is where moving away from, you know, if it's a linear method of linear process, then, like, that's pretty easy, because it's like, step 123, and we, like, throw it in a row. Or maybe we go, Oh, it's a cycle, and we throw it in a circle. But there are so many other ways of your pillars interacting. And actually, am I allowed to share my screen? Oh, do you want to? Yeah, no problem.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:30
Okay, there you go. I'll just share my screen. Here.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:38
It's my favorite part,

Speaker 2  1:02:40
screen sharing, okay, everyone see my screen visuals, and I'm happy to share this Canva template with people after if you want it. This is just like a really quick overview of some of the core, different ways that we can represent our framework based on the relationship between the pillars. And because often I find what happens is we just kind of go, Oh, I've got four things. And so I'm either going to do a Venn diagram or I'm going to do a linear process. So we kind of tend to start, let's see here. Let me zoom in. We tend to kind of like fall into this trap where it's either like, Okay, I've got a linear process, 123, my concepts go in order done. Or I've got, you know, things that don't really go in order, but they all kind of overlap, so I'll do a Venn diagram, and again, no shade to either of these. Like, these are totally valid concepts if they are chosen intentionally. But something that I just really, really encourage you to do is to really think through, like, what is the relationship between these components that I have chosen for my framework. So what is there one that like it goes? So we think about maybe they build where, like, if they don't have the strong foundations, they can't do anything else. So we might use like this to represent like, Okay, we have to start at a certain place, and then we move up and like this. Because when people see this, they instantly understand, oh, foundational concepts. And then we build, build, build. So these are like simple ways of representing complex relationships that people can then fit and understand and process in a very quick way without you having to do the heavy lifting of the writing. You know, we can have pillars which are just literally like, there's no hierarchy, there's no sequence, there's no overlap. They just kind of exist. But where we can start to get, like, a bit more complex is when we start thinking about, like, Okay, well, if it's not necessarily in a line, is it a cycle that people go through again and again and again? Is it radiating where there's something that's at the heart and then they kind of demonstrate and they like, move out, or is it something where we can, like, you know, overlap things where, like, there's actually a core concept that sits at the heart of everything, and it's the most important thing, and you're going to hear me talk about it 5 million times, and then we've got outer principles that are, like, secondary and important, but still important. So in our framework. Maybe even you could, like, merge a cycle and this one. So there's something at the heart, and then the cycle wraps around it. You know, there's, I won't go through every single one of these, but you can see that there's, there's so many different ways of representing information. And so it's thinking about, what is the outcome that we're building towards, and what is the way of representing how those building blocks fit together to lead people to that outcome? You know, sometimes we have metaphors. So like the one I did, where did it go? Down here? You know, with our like, ethical Baker, we could be like, okay, like the core of the cookie is made up of, like, science backed baking principles, and then the chocolate chips are the other pieces. Now this is a great example of like, I did this very quickly because I was like, Yay, cookies. It might not make the most sense. We might be like, Well, if we really pulled apart this cookie metaphor, like, all chocolate chips are kind of the same, so maybe we need to represent, like, chocolate chips and pretzels in a cookie or something. You know, this is where it's worth getting a little bit like, intense about if you're going to do a metaphor to represent your framework, making sure that metaphor tracks all the way across and doesn't fall apart. Otherwise, it's worth it to just go into a simple way of representing it, you know, looking at kind of the kind of more different basic ways, basic relationships, basic heart hierarchies between concepts, because if you think about our brain is a bookshelf, we are constantly putting information into existing structures, like that is how we learn to go like I kind of have this thing already, so I'm going to take what you're teaching me and I'm going to fit it in here by Having these visual models, we are essentially giving the bookshelf to our people. We're going, I have created a shelf for you, and now I'm going to help you put these skills on these shelves. I'm going to I am showing you what the things are. I've quantified them. Here are my four steps. Here are my five pillars. Here are my six components. So I've quantified this for you. I've surfaced what's most important. Now I've broken it down into the skills that I'm going to teach you, and as I'm teaching you these skills, I am constantly bringing it back to you. Look now we're in pillar three. Now we're in row four. Now we're in quadrant five, or whatever it may be. So we are giving people a cognitive, visual structure to help them process things more quickly. And this is like, from the learning standpoint, it's amazing from the marketing standpoint also. So it's just like, Win Win Win Win Win across for visualizing frameworks, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:07:33
And I'll also add, from a, like, an actual neuroscience perspective, and this was one of the reasons why I got obsessed with drawing diagrams is that when we were studying recall of brands, people who had a a visual framework or some sort of image that was associated with their core concept or idea, people remembered it like, I don't know, remember the exact stat, but it was like 80 times more than if they Were just verbally explaining their process or verbally explaining a concept. And so the the two that I kind of use, often just as an example, is like Maslow's hierarchy of needs. Everyone knows what Maslow, who Maslow is, but they know more. More people know him for his hierarchy of needs, and they know him for the actual text that he wrote. Right if I were to ask you guys name one of Maslow's books, everyone goes blank, right? But if I said, What did Maslow do be like? Oh, he came up with the hierarchy of needs. So you become known for your concepts, and you're more likely to recall what the actual intention of that concept was once there's a visual diagram associated with it. Another one that you guys can look into is like spiral dynamics, or even something as simple as human design. That's a visual right? There's interpretations of what it represents and what it means, but yeah, the Kinsey scale, like everything, has a visual dynamic to it, so that you can kind of understand how each of the components relate to one another, and you can also recall what is the relevance to you, right? So that's that's the importance of putting some sort of visual

Speaker 2  1:09:10
around this. So good, yay. So I want to check in to see what questions are coming up for people. I guess I can also open up the chat here too.

Speaker 1  1:09:18
Let's see how much says. And you can do this for the micro frameworks as well as the overall frameworks. Absolutely, yes, yeah. Just like how my, you know, the core, adjacent peripheral message kind of fits into this little framework. I would recommend for anything that you have that is a bit of a process or it has multiple components, adding some sort of visual around it. There's a concept I'm going to be teaching you guys in the coming weeks called the influence triad, which is kind of like my anatomy of a influential personal brand. And I could have just said, okay, so personal brands have three components, and then talked you guys through it, but when I build a triad, you guys are now more likely to remember the components and remember the three things that are applicable to you. Because there's a visual with it.

Speaker 2  1:10:04
Something that I would encourage you to do, too, if you can, if you find yourself having a lot of tools or a lot of mini frameworks, is showing the relationship to the larger framework. So I know this is something that parmese and I have been working on, because, like, you've got so many incredible things, you've got a tool for this and that and the other but it can reach a point where people go, okay, so many tools, how do they all fit together? How do they work? And so again, this is where you use the same principles of in the same way we have your framework that we've what's the outcome, quantified the pieces, represented them visually. And now we've gone, okay, well, what are all of your mini methods, or your mini frameworks? Okay, so we've got 17. What? How do they fit together? Do they all connect into your larger framework? Probably because you've decided that this is the framing for your entire work. So then every time that you teach something, you can go, Oh, we're doing the influence drive. Like this fits into this part of the framework. And again, you're giving people like it's instead of, you know, showing up at someone's house with a box of books, and they just moved in, they have no shelves. And you're like, have some books. Great. You're like, Hey, I got you the bookshelf. I actually have already alphabetized where things will go. Now I'm handing you these books, and you can clearly see they go on this shelf in this order. So then, instead of people using their kind of mental energy to go, what am I doing with this? Where does this fit? What is this? Again, they can focus on actually the skill that you're teaching them, or the thing that you need them to be doing them, because you're constantly showing what is the relationship between these moving pieces and how do they fit together? Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:11:30
And one more thing I'll add to that as well, which is kind of like foreshadowing for the offer ecosystem training that Emily will be doing, is that oftentimes you can take one core framework, or you might even realize that this one framework that you've developed might not fit into the overarching picture. So for example, I have like a new way of describing the whole selling without selling process. And after reviewing the neuro message curriculum and really spending time with it, I actually realized that this doesn't really fit into the presence building. This is a whole framework of its own. So what I can do is now I can create a mini offer that's not narrow message, because not everyone is going to be ready for, like, a whole last mentorship program. And I can say, hey, if you're curious about my process of how I show up online and how I sell without constantly pitching, you can buy this mini program for like, whatever, $200 and I go through my my pillars, or I go through my my system, or my diagram for selling without selling, and that could become like a whole thing of its own. So you really want to become critical with, like, what, where does this fit into? Does this framework fit into the overarching transformation I'm providing for this offer, or is it a whole other concept of its own that could maybe even act as like a lead generator, or act as a framework that I use that leads people into this, the core, adjacent, peripheral message. I'm going to turn that into a lead magnet, like, I'm going to have a recorded masterclass where, when people come to me being like, I need to clarify my message. That's been the one exercise that has really blown people's minds. And I can just be like, All right. Well, guess what? You can have your core message, adjacent message, your peripheral message. Here are the different content pieces. Here are some prompts. And by the way, if you want help implementing this, you can come into your message, and I'll help you there. So the more frameworks that you have, the more critically you can see where each of them go. You can also start thinking outside of the box strategically as to does this fit into another offer? Can this be a lead magnet? Can and people love visuals when it comes to lead magnets, or, like, in a master class presentation, if you can do, like a diagram breakdown, people love that shit. So just, just a different way of thinking about it.

Speaker 2  1:13:31
Yeah, oh my gosh. I love that. And I like the teaser, because we're gonna get into offer ecosystems can be so much fun. Okay, well, those are kind of like the core things that I have to say, around framework. So just to kind of like recap what we've talked about, about how frameworks don't have to be linear, unless you want them to be that's fine and that you really want to have start by defining what is the outcome of this framework. Like, what am I building towards? What are the quantifiable pillars? You know, ideally under seven, you know, three to seven things, what are the skills associated with each pillar? And how am I representing the relationship of these pillars, of these components and the hierarchy and through a visual mental model, are kind of the core pieces when it comes to your framework. So that's kind of what I have to share with you. I would love to know if there's any other questions or anything else I can answer anything that's coming up based on what we've talked about.

Speaker 1  1:14:29
And keep in mind this is a process, meaning that these were just the building blocks of understanding how to approach frameworks. I wasn't expecting you guys to have, you know, your framework clarified and walk away with the visual today. But these are things that you would want to keep in mind. And as always, I recommend coming back to this training and re watching because I'm sure other things will click the more you're actually working on the framework. But yeah, any questions? Anything else coming up for you guys? I

Speaker 2  1:14:57
think that's such a helpful reminder around the. Like, it is, it takes time, you know, like, and it's okay to, kind of like, test something out and be like, is this it? And then, like, kind of play with it and then tweak it, you know, and when, when I'm doing framework design with clients, it usually takes a minimum of three sessions, if not more. So it's like, knowing that it is not something that's just like a one and done. It's not just like a, oh, it's this, but Oh, like, it's going to take time, and we're going to, you know, you need to test things out and play with it. So it's just like, kind of giving yourself that permission to iterate. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:15:27
it's funny. Just, I think it was yesterday, the day before I saw someone post like, Oh, I did one session with my coach, and within one hour, we clarified my message, came up with my new offer, and mapped out my entire launch blueprint. And I was like, Wow, that must be some surface level messaging. Like, if you were able to do all of that in one hour, you're either like, genius level parmese Or or it's just gonna sound like everybody else, because it's you just pulled it from a template. So I'm like, yeah, there's no way you were able to come up with some in depth, anchored in frameworks and methods within an hour and your messaging and mapped out your launch blueprint. Like, damn, damn. It's like when

Speaker 2  1:16:05
people like, oh, and I mapped out my program and just like, an hour or so with my coach, and I'm like, no

Speaker 1  1:16:12
weekend, like, just a whole weekend, and my course is complete. It's like, Guys mastery takes time coming up with concepts and ideas that that actually change lives takes time. Anything that comes quickly will also go as faster than it came in. So be dedicated to the process of your framework evolving and iterating as you go. So everyone's feeling good. So good. I'm glad this has been wonderful. And look at that we didn't go over time for once. That's what happens when somebody else teaches and not for me. Love it, alright, guys, well, if there's any additional questions that come up after today's calls, as your brains are kind of percolating on all of this, feel free to drop them in the group. I will be I will be answering. And if Emily has any thoughts or feedback to give, maybe she can give you a little bit of feedback there. Like I said, Emily will be back at some point. We are, we are kind of narrowing down what the dates would be, but she will be coming back to talk about offer ecosystems, because we thought this was an important piece of making sure that we're clear on the frameworks before we can even get into the offer ecosystems. So we'll be back for that, but if anything else comes up, you guys know where to find us. Alrighty, take care guys. Thank you so much. Emily. I appreciate you being here. Oh,

Speaker 2  1:17:30
thanks for having me. Thanks everyone. I'll be in the group. So if you have questions, just feel free to tag me. Always

Speaker 1  1:17:36
awesome. Guys. Have a great rest of your day. Bye. You


Transcribed by https://otter.ai