Speaker 1  00:53
Hello. Hello, everybody. Welcome, happy. Tuesday, nice to see you all. How's everyone doing? Yo yo, yo yo. Welcome. Welcome. I'm just going to let you guys slowly trickle in. It's a couple more people just joining amazing. Get yourself settled. Guys, we have an action packed session today. I mean, when is it not an action packed session? But it's going to be probably even more action Packy than than before. Welcome, welcome, hello, hello. All right, so How's everyone feeling after last week's Q A session? I just want to do a quick little check in, drop in the in the chat, if you have any comments to add, if it helps you bring any clarity, if it allowed you to get any additional insights based on what we have talked about all the way up until this point. Hello, hello. All right,

Speaker 1  01:51
we got a comment here. I caught the replay. It was really helpful. Have a lot to think about, amazing materials marinating. Well, my brain didn't get a chance to do the homework. That's fine. Rose says clarity. Appreciate your insight. Kevin had to re watch it three times. That's all good. It's all good. And as I've been mentioning all throughout this program, and especially in the beginning now, is that you guys will feel this resistance. It'll it'll feel hard, and it's meant to feel hard, because the harder it feels on your brains, the more you guys are busting out of old ways of programming, busting out of ways that you felt you had to perform, you had to build a brand, you had to build a business. And so if you're feeling resistance, and if you're feeling the difficulty, that's a great sign that's that's a great invitation, that it's bringing you into a space of newness and of novelty. If you guys know the saying, you know insanity or craziness, is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result, if you guys are in this program, chances are you've been at it with your brand. You've been at it with your business, I know, although many of you are at different levels in where you're at in business, everyone's in here because they realize that what they've been doing up until this point hasn't been working entirely, or that they haven't resonated with the ways that they've been taught to market. And so if you're hitting that point of resistance, it's just showing you a different way of doing things that you haven't considered before. And that is why it's going to take a little longer to to marinate and to integrate. You guys are in this program because it's an accelerator. And the reason why I called it an accelerator is because you are learning an overwhelming amount of information in a very short period of time. So this is just simply meant to help you incubate the different components and aspects of your brand, and then allow yourself the time and the space to take the next several weeks, or even months past when this program ends, to really sit down with some of the deeper questions and to experiment and to really pay attention to where are the wobbles, where are the elements of your brand that are not clicking yet? Where might you need some more experience? And where might you need to just simply take action, you know, take imperfect action, be in the messy middle and experiment with yourself so that some of these answers become more clear. Madison says, love seeing you work with others and getting that insight firsthand. Yeah, for many of you, even if you hadn't submitted a question for the Q and A, I think just by watching other people ask their questions and be coached, it kind of trickles over into some of the issues that you might be facing in your own brand as well. So that's why I always encourage people to join even if they don't have a question submitted. Emily says it's integrating deep into every area, quite a bit of hydration needed to support the level of growth. Yeah, I love that. And again, guys, you have to be patient with yourselves as well, because there will, there will be some elements of this program that will feel like it's something that you can take action on right now, and other elements that are maybe relevant to you, but not in this stage. So it'll feel a little bit like, Am I falling behind? Am I not understanding something? But be patient with yourselves, because all of. This is going to come into play, and what we're going to be covering today is actually going to touch on multiple different components of what we've already talked about, and also going to be touching into the layers of messaging, which is, I know for a fact, one of the core reasons, or primary reasons, people wanted to join this program in the first place is to really understand the deep nuances of communication and what they need to say to get clients to understand the depth of their work. So up until this point, we've understood the difference between branding and marketing. We understand why we need to have a solid brand before we go out and start marketing ourselves. We also now understand, you know, the the different ways that we can start to think about our specialty, where we're not just some broad spectrum coach in our industry, but we really want to get clear on the category. We want to get clear on the domain. We want to get clear on what are the different problems that we want to become known for solving. And again, as you guys saw in the Q and A, this is an iterative process. So even if you haven't fully, fully landed on that category, domain and specialty, it's going to come to you, and it's going to become more clear as we go through some of these teachings. But what I want to focus on today is a very, very important part of the pre marketing phase, which is understanding industry demand and market demand. And one of the things I mentioned on, I think it was our first call, is the biggest mistake that you can make is to put together a product or a service or a an offer without actually validating if demand for it exists. And I've seen so many people make this mistake of having an idea and executing on it immediately, without thinking critically about what is the problem that is being solved and who is the best fit to receive it. I was doing a brand audit with a previous client of mine who said that he's kind of hit a wall where things were working for a long time and now for some reason they're not working. And what I realized is that we haven't worked together in over three years. But in this three year period, he shifted his offering and he shifted his target audience completely, but he was still using the same messaging and positioning of his previous offer in his previous market towards this new target audience. And so what was happening was that there was a mismatch between what his new target audience wanted and what was the message that he wanted them to take away. So this process of market research and validating demand is not something that you just do at the beginning of your brand building process and think that, okay, I've done the market research. I know what it is that people want to buy now moving on. Now it's time to market. Now it's time to scale. Market research is something that will be consistently a part of your business no matter what level you reach. You always want to understand the market deeper. You want to understand demand. You want to understand buying behavior, otherwise you risk, kind of rendering yourself obsolete. I'm sure many of you guys have noticed, and I've mentioned this on these calls as well, that the marketplace has changed. The way that we are positioning our services or positioning our offers has greatly changed in the last especially two to three years, and so it becomes really important to not rely on things that we were taught or things that we learned several years ago on how to market ourselves, and expect the the market to still buy things based on those same principles. We want to consistently stay in dialog with the people that we want to serve, so that we understand how buyer behavior is evolving. What are the things that people are looking for? Solutions for now, and also paying attention to how our market is becoming more sophisticated. So how can we respond to the needs, and how can we respond to those desires in more fitting ways? So without further ado, I'm actually going to be sharing my screen for the majority of this call, because I have a number of question prompts, I have a number of visuals, and again, I don't think you guys really need to see me, but my screen is going to be shared as you guys see. That after every call, every week, I've been recapping everything that we spoke about in a Google document. I've gone ahead and I've actually finished the complete google doc right now. So all of the question prompts and the visuals and some of the homework you'll be getting is actually actively in the Google doc right now. So I'll be sharing my screen so you guys have access have access to it, and you could be kind of following along with my thought process as I go through it. I will warn you, it is dense, but I'm sure you know by now it's it's what our third, fourth call. You guys are pretty used to that. And again, this is a document that I want you guys to continuously come back to and further refine how you are answering some of these questions and going through some of these exercises. Kevin, I see you got a question here, so I would love it if you could cover which elements can be relevant to whom at which stage. So I'm actually going to, I'm going to be covering this at the end of today's presentation, as we're going to be kind of dipping our toes into messaging. Um. And also dipping our toes a little bit into process and framework creation. One thing you guys know that was a key piece of why I created this program in the first place was teaching personal brands the art of creating a branded concept or creating a framework or a process that they become known for. This is one of the the biggest kind of pieces that will help you stand out and help you differentiate what it is that you do amongst other people in your field or amongst other competitors. And what we're going to be learning today is the prerequisite before you can do that, because, again, most people approach process and framework development from what is it that I want my audience to know? How do I want to position myself differently, and it comes from this very me, me, me, perspective of, what do I What is it that I want to do with people, instead of thinking about, what are the needs that people have, and what is it that they have a pre existing demand for that I can then respond to with my unique process or with my branded concept? All right, so a couple of things we're going to be covering today, and then I'm going to go ahead and share my screen. So the very first thing here is to how to gage demand and build demand for your products and services. Obviously, that's a given. That's the purpose of today's call. But you guys are really going to be understanding the differences between building demand and capturing demand, which, again, not very many people in this space are talking about. So I'm going to be going deeper into which camp you fall into, and based on what your business is, which one you need to be focused on. The second takeaway is understanding the psychological reasons behind why we buy and how to position our products and services to fit within these categories. Again, something that you'll hear me repeating time and time again is that we don't buy products and services. We are buying the transformation. We are buying the results. And we're buying why those products and services resonate with who we are, what we want to become, what we want to achieve. And so again, huge mistake people make in this space is that they position their product or their service or their offer and all of their messaging revolves around the offer and how great it is and why they need to trust them. And it's almost like it's coming from this convincing energy of, here's why my thing is so great, here's why it's so needed. Here's why I want you to purchase it rather than focusing on, how can we meet people in where they're at already? What are the solutions they're already looking for, and what are the psychological principles that will help them inherently want your service or want your product, rather than convincing them of the facts and the features and the benefits and why they would want to purchase it. All right? The third thing we're going to be covering today is how to understand or how to utilize behavioral economic principles to deeply research market needs and develop your solution to stand out amongst competitors. So another big, controversial approach that I have when it comes to market research is I don't believe in just simply getting on calls with people and asking, you know what their problems are and what they would crave, or what do they desire to solve that problem. I believe it was one of you correct me if I'm wrong, but I think it was Madison, you dropped something in the Q and A thread last week talking about how you know, how do you gage that interest? Because it was from your experience that typically, when people say they want one thing, or when people you know tell you they're they're interested in the solution, when you, when you actually create the solution, or where you come out with a product or service, they don't actually want to buy it, correct? Yeah, you say, yes. Would you be comfortable with sharing a little bit more context around that? Because I'm going to be touching on that quite heavily, and I think it'll be relevant to others. If you feel comfortable, if you want to

Speaker 2  13:41
unmute yourself, yeah, no, that's fine. Um, so I mean, I started a few years ago, and I, I said, you know, I want to help singers navigating the transition into parenthood. And I had several people reach out, and they're like, Oh my God, yes, I want this. And I, I talked to them, and they never bought into it. And similarly, now I've taken that product and I've made it into a course instead of a one on one thing, and I've had several people buy it and not complete it or not engage with it, and lots of people who are like, yes, this sounds so interesting. I'm totally into it, and then never sign up for it. So some of that's me full stop. I know that, but it's just I'm the kind of person who sees the solution like before anyone else. So there's like, that aspect of I really, I'm having to slow myself down and really walk through the steps of what that journey is, and then the question in my mind, as we're talking about this, is like, well, is that really what they want? Yeah.

Speaker 1  14:49
So I have kind of, like a dual approach or a dual perspective to this, because I think one, one thing that you said here is, is people are coming to you saying, yes, yes, yes. That's exactly. What I want, but then when the time comes to actually purchase or complete the program, you're not necessarily seeing, the follow through. Is that correct? Yes, I'm assuming.

Speaker 2  15:12
And the dog's upset today. I don't want to be broken. It's all good.

Speaker 1  15:17
It's all good. So that happens time and time and time again. And as you guys are going to see, we're going to kind of dig deep into some of the behavioral economic stuff, but one of the number one rules we learned as you know, consumer psychology students is to never ask people what they actually want, because people don't actually know what they want. And unfortunately, market research in the typical, traditional, you know, online marketing space has always been, you know, question your audience, pull your audience D what they have interest for, see what they have demand for, and then create your product to fit that demand. And nine out of 10 times when clients do that, they fail, meaning, nine out of 10 times when you poll your audience and create something based on what they say that they want, they don't actually want to buy it. And the reason for that is because people don't actually know what their problem is, and they don't actually know what the solution is that they want. What they need is for experts and innovators to create a solution that is based in experience and embodiment and then building the case for why whatever problem that they are facing right now, or whatever challenge or obstacle or whatever need that they have is going to be solved with this thing that we've created. So the second I said, there's, there's a dual approach, so that the first one was not to ask people, but to observe. And we're going to, I'm going to I'm going to teach you guys how to do that. And again, I'm not also saying that market research is completely useless. There is a way to do market research, not creating what based on what you're being dictated. You are creating based on the response that you have to how people are describing their situation. So we'll get into the specific questions around that. But the flip side of it is also understanding that a big part of demand is how you position it. And this is where we kind of get into the messaging aspect of people might say they want what it is that you've created. They might say like, oh my gosh, yeah, singer's transitioning into parenthood. That's exactly me. I resonate with that. But then when the time comes to actually take action, they're not buying that, and it's because they are not buying a program that is helping them to transition into parenthood. They're buying the deeper psychological needs of what exactly is it that they're identifying with as being challenging or frustrating or anxiety inducing when it comes to making that transition into parenthood? So in our messaging and in how we are framing the benefits or the results of our program, we are not selling the actual mechanism or the thing itself, which is the transition into parenthood. We are speaking to the end result, or we're speaking to the benefits that they can expect to experience after going through our process of making that transition successful. So obviously, for the purpose of this call in particular, I'm not going to get super, super into you know how to message, but we are going to be talking about the differences between messaging to a person who is aware of their problem, versus messaging to a person who is unaware of their problem. Jesse says you're going to clarify here so they don't know what they want to buy, but they know their problems enough to clearly prioritize the solution benefits. Am I understanding this? Yes, and I would just want to kind of clarify too. Is that based on or depending on who you're speaking to and the level of awareness that they have, this might be true and it might be untrue, and this is where my answer becomes. It depends. It completely depends on the level of awareness that people have. Because some people will have a very clear idea of what their problem is. Others will have a very clear idea of what their pain points or their symptoms are. Others will have a very clear idea of what the exact solution is that they're looking for. So later in today's presentation, we're going to get into the levels of market sophistication and buyer awareness and how to speak to each level. And Ali, I see your question here too. So how do we talk to their pain like sabotage, but in an empowered way? I'm going to be covering that in the messaging module, because you will notice that the people who are the best fit to work with you and have the highest demand to want to solve their problem will have very deep, let's say, issues or needs or a very deep yearning for this desire they want to they want to attract or accomplish, but they won't necessarily resonate with some of the disempowering language that we see being used in in our space. This doesn't mean that we don't want to use pain points. I don't agree with that line of thinking either. We do want to speak to pain points, but the way that we speak to pain points is speaking from a place of a need rather than a pain. And there's a very, very subtle nuance and difference between speaking to the pain versus speaking to the need. So. The pain has a bit of a of a heavy, negative emotional connotation to it, whereas the need is putting them in a position of empowerment and helping them recognize that what we have created is solving something or is addressing something that they already have taken accountability and responsibility for So, yeah, we'll come back to this as well. Kevin says, why would we want to talk to people that are unaware? The education would be a lot longer and tedious, wouldn't it? Yeah, absolutely, and it depends on your product and service. Again, there's no clear cut answer for this, because I'm going to give you guys an example of a couple of companies that were that came out with a product or a solution that there was an unaware need for, meaning it definitely solved a very relevant gap in the marketplace, but people simply were not educated about it. So yes, you're absolutely correct. It would take a lot longer. We don't want to speak to the person who absolutely has no idea that this need exists, but based on certain people's processes or based on certain people's offers. Some of you are in a market where people are not aware of why they need to solve that problem, and so for you, it does become your job. It does become your task to understand how to educate your market and how to educate your audience in a way that they understand what the missing piece is, so that they understand what the need is. I always use messaging as an example. Today, like in 2024 almost every business owner understands the relevance of messaging, and they understand why they need to solve it. When I first started out in teaching messaging, and this was when I was still doing done for you copy and clients would come to me and they would just, you know, throw a bunch of ideas and say, make sense of this and write me a piece of copy. I understood that without a clear, solid brand foundation and a clear message, it becomes really difficult for me as the copywriter, to write a piece of copy. But messaging back then, like I'm talking 2015 was a very hard sell. People didn't understand the difference between messaging and copywriting. They thought messaging just meant words, right? They thought just meant write me an email, write me a funnel, write me a newsletter, like something that's going to sell. But what they didn't understand is that if you don't have a clear message, which is that anchor point, that core idea that you want to convey, it becomes immensely difficult to get your ideas out there in a cohesive manner. So to your to your question, Kevin, I actually had to spend a lot of time, both on calls and in my content, actually educating people on why messaging was required before copywriting. Because I was, I was working in an era where everyone wanted a copywriter. Nobody understood what the heck a messaging strategist was or why they needed it. So yes, you do have to educate a bit more awesome. Alright, so let's actually get into the the core of, like, what we're going to be going to today. So have your notebooks out, because what we're what we're going to be covering today, like I said, is going to be quite I don't want to say heavy. It's not heavy, but it's, it's dense in what I want you guys to apply. So let me go ahead and share my screen, and let's get into it. All right, I'm gonna move some things around here as well, just so that I can see everyone can see the screen here.

Speaker 1  23:10
Perfect. Okay, so anytime we're looking to create something or sell something, we are either capturing demand and creating it. And like I said in this call, it's a very, very important difference that I want each of you to understand, and I want each of you to reflect deeply on which camp you fall into, because if you don't know if you are either capturing demand or creating demand, you might be implementing the, you know, the wrong marketing tactics, or marketing tactics or marketing tactics that are completely misaligned with where your audience is at, and wondering why, no matter how much content you're creating, why nothing is actually converting, why it's not selling. So the difference here is demand capture is positioning our offers or services to fulfill a need or a desire that people are already looking for. So this is when whatever it is that we do, whatever problem that we solve, or whatever need we fulfill, is something that people are very aware of, and they are very active in actually searching for a solution for it. Now, just because they're actively searching for a solution for it does not necessarily mean that they are ready to buy that's that's the thing I want you guys to remember here, just because they're actively searching for a solution does not mean that they're ready to buy, nor does it mean they're ready to buy from you. So what we want to make sure that we do, or what our job becomes, is to demonstrate to them why our offer or why what we are creating or have created is most suitable or appropriate for what they're looking to achieve. And today's call, hopefully you guys will walk away with a bit of an idea on how to do that for yourself. The second camp is demand creation, and this kind of speaks to what Kevin just mentioned around you know, why would you speak to someone who doesn't know? Know that they have a need, or they don't know that they have that problem. Well, in many instances, or even certain fields that I'm working with, with clients right now, people don't necessarily understand the need for the problem that you are solving. So in this case, you need to help people become more aware of their problem and why what we offer is an effective or solution, or an effective solution or approach that they may not have considered before. So it doesn't mean that they're unaware of the problem that they that they're facing right now. They just don't understand the full scope of the problem and how it's showing up for them. This is where people might be aware of the day to day, symptoms and challenges and frustrations that they're facing, but they don't necessarily know what to attribute it to. They don't know where it's coming from, and they also don't know what they need to do about it. So it feels very heavy in trying to solve it. They're not out there actively looking for solutions now based on whichever of these camps that you fall into, we want to make sure that we're clear on two things. We want to make sure that we ourselves understand the underlying need of what it is that we solve, not not what they're looking for, but are we clear on what is the underlying need that we are solving, and then channel that need towards our offers. So it's less about figuring out what do they want and giving them what they want. It's more about understanding what is it that I feel confident in solving? And then are people aware that they have this need? Or do I need to build the awareness of this need. Once we know that, then it's more of a game of positioning our offers so that we're at the center of where the demand meets the solution. And I'll be giving you guys, like, very specific frameworks today on on how we do that. And again, like I said, hopefully after today's session, you guys will have a better idea of how to go out and actually understand whether you fall into the demand capture or the demand creation section here. Kevin says, have an entire bookshelf already? Yes, yep. This is where I function, yep. So Jen says, this is where my work with lands. They require more education. Me too, and that's perfectly fine. The one thing I don't want you guys to feel is that if you're in the demand creation phase that it means it's going to be harder for you. It just means that it's different. It doesn't mean that you have to work harder at helping people understand why they need what they need. It just means that your content creation process or your messaging process is different than if people already knew what their problem was. Okay, I'm going to give you guys two client case studies. I went back into my kind of, my repertoire of what I've done with clients in the past, and I pulled up two case studies of both demand capture and demand creation. And hopefully in going through these examples, you guys will be able to position yourselves a little bit better as well. So the first one I had was the pickleball instructor in a pickle. And this was sometime, I want to say, in the last year and a half, a gentleman came to me, found me through Instagram, and said that I am an extremely skilled pickleball instructor. And he lived, you know, in some states or some city in the States, in the suburbs, and he's like, I've been putting ads up. I've been, you know, really going hard at my YouTube channel and my Instagram feed. And I'm like, Well, what is it that you actually want to do? And he's like, I want to be the like, the go to pickleball instructor in my town or in my city. But for some reason, no matter how hard I try to market my pickleball services, it's just it's really hard for people to or for me to get demand. And so what I asked him was, well, first of all, you are in a very niche category, right? So Pickleball is, is a sport that you have to only target the people who are actively looking to want to learn pickleball now by either a show of hands or dropping one in the comments. How many of you have considered learning pickleball, or how many of you are in the market for a pickleball instructor? Yeah, exactly. Kevin says, What the hell is pickleball? I didn't even know until I had to look it up, right? Nope, nope, yep, not, not very many people wake up every day saying, I need a pickleball instructor, right? And even if you're you're thinking to yourself, I need to be more active. I want to exercise. You're probably thinking about, like, different ways you can get into fitness, or, like, what's a hobby that you can pick up. But you're not thinking to yourself, I need to wake up and go find a pickleball instructor, unless it's a sport that you're familiar with, or it's like in the family or something of the sort. So his issue was that he was positioning his offer to everybody, right? He was positioning his offer to anyone and everyone in his town who would want to play pickleball. But again, because people are not actively looking for it, it becomes immensely difficult for him to actually create demand. So I told him, I'm like, All right, we're going to take a different. Approach, instead of focusing on your offer, which is you being the pickleball instructor, we are going to first do some market research on what is it about your expertise that makes it different and unique, and who are the people in your community who are best fit to work with a pickleball instructor? So I asked him, tell me a little bit more about pickleball, like, don't just explain the sport to me, or don't explain, you know, how it works. Explain, what is it that makes it different than other sports? Now, to keep this short, the thing that I took away from that question and how he responded is that it's, it's very low impact. It doesn't require a high level of physical endurance. You don't need to be like a high performing athlete. And he kind of described it as like a a less intense version of tennis. So you're still active, you're still playing, you're still creating, you know, it's still a sport, but it doesn't feel as intense. And so I said, Okay, great, that's actually a really unique value proposition. So what is it about pickleball that makes it different? You're still playing a sport, you're playing a game, but it doesn't require high athletic endurance or necessity. So then I asked him, Who in your space, or who in your town, or what types of audiences would perhaps be interested in learning to play a sport that is not very high impact, that is still fun, that keeps them busy, that keeps them, you know, engaged, but doesn't require a high level of athletic output. He couldn't really answer the question. He's like, Well, anyone can like, anyone who is interested in learning to pick up a new sport, or is looking for a new hobby, can can focus on Pickleball. And then I asked him to go even deeper than that, if he is saying that what makes pickleball unique is the fact that it's accessible to everyone and anyone. What population could benefit from a sport that is low impact, that keeps them busy and that creates something to keep them, you know, it's almost like a hobby. It's like picking up a new hobby, right? Yeah, Rose has retired folks Exactly, exactly. Yeah, injured people who want to stay active Exactly. So do you guys see how when we're asking deeper questions around, what is it that makes your particular offer unique and different? We are now going deeper into who are the types of people who could best benefit from pickleball, because he's right in the sense that anyone can anyone who wants low impact, but marketing it to everyone and anyone is not a demand building technique.

Speaker 1  32:44
The reason why his YouTube channel was not taking off, the reason why his Instagram was not taking off, nobody was looking for a pickleball person is because, again, nobody knew what the benefit of it is, yeah, retired tennis players, yeah, exactly, people just starting their fitness journeys, even. So what we did, long story short is that we identify that people who are 55 and above, or people within retired community centers who want to stay active but are afraid of getting injured or are afraid of pushing themselves or exerting themselves, are probably going to be the best market fit. And so we shifted his messaging from I am a pickleball instructor to I am a pickleball instructor for those who want to maintain an active lifestyle in a more sustainable way, those who are prone to injury, those who want to fill their afternoons with a fun activity that is not going to potentially put their health at risk. And so he started marketing directly to retirement centers, kind of centers like YMCA, and people who would frequent these areas that are looking for something to do that wasn't as intense as, let's say, playing football or tennis or something that's more dangerous. And so because he started marketing and his entire messaging and positioning shifted towards this older age group, all of a sudden he had people calling and being like, my parents would love to join this or, oh my gosh, this is something my wife and I would love to join. So he went from being a pickleball instructor to everybody and not having any sort of demand to fulfilling a market demand, fulfilling what people were actively looking to solve. Now the key I want you guys to remember from this is nobody was buying the pickleball instructor. Okay, nobody was buying pickleball. What they were buying was a low impact, fun way to keep yourself busy and to get exercise without the risk of injury or a low impact way of keeping your afternoons busy or whatever that was, what people were looking to solve. They were not looking for a pickleball instructor. Do you see the difference here? So do you see the difference is that he was speaking to a market need. He wasn't speaking about his offer. That's the difference. Rose says, oh, sorry, Madison up here says. The goal then to just tweaking the messaging different markets you want to engage with. Yes, that's part of it. But first we need to understand the market need before we can shift the market, or before we can shift the messaging. And again, I think most people start with the messaging without actually doing the deeper work of understanding what is the market need. So we want to start with the need and then we can shift the message. Rose says, although my 38 your flip partner had rehab, nema, well, look at that. We can't say everything is innocent, right? Kevin says, kind of like the sauna example you gave, yeah, exactly, exactly. Nelly, is this, right? Premi, so no one is buying mindset. They're buying making more money faster, yeah, because they're not in their heads with self sabotaging. Yes, that's part of it. So what's happening again, with with your market or with the people that you are looking to serve, is that if you position what you do as, let's say, Mark like mindset coaching, people are not necessarily buying the mindset coach. And also, I would argue, going back to what we spoke about last week, around the category, the domain, the specialty, the problem. If you position yourself as a mindset coach, you're competing against every single other person in your category that also does mindset work, that does not position you as as anything unique or relevant to people. What you want to get clear on is, for your specific people, what is their core desire? What is the need that they have, or what is the problem that they're looking to solve, and then help them see how implementing specific aspects of mindset work is going to help them move closer to that goal. So if self sabotage is the specialty that you have chosen, I want you to then ask yourself, what are the aspects of self sabotage that is most relevant. How are they self sabotaging? How are they aware that they are self sabotaging in their day to day? And what is it about your unique approach, or what is it about your unique method that actually helps them solve that? Okay, amazing. Alright, let's keep going, guys, because there's, there's a lot we're going to get through. And I feel like some of these questions will be answered by these. The second one I wanted to give you guys. So this was a demand. This was, this was more, I would say it's like a demand capture. Where he's there is already demand for or, sorry, this is more demand creation. So there is more of a demand for what he does, which is exercise low impact, not, you know, not needing to have crazy athletic abilities, but he's then positioning what it is that he does in a way that people understand why Pickleball is the way to do that. People are not looking for pickleball. They are looking for somebody that can help facilitate a low impact form of exercise. So the next example I'm going to give you guys is the Dangerous Woman brand concept and offer. And this was a client that I worked with back in 2021 and she was incredible at what she did, but she just had zero idea how to position it. This client was a general life coach, and any time it took us like six sessions of actually understanding what the heck she does. Because for those of you who are life coaches in here, when you say that you're a general life coach, can you drop in the comments a couple of things that you do with people? Or, you know, what would you expect a general life coach to help you with what would be some of the outcomes, what would be some of the problems they solve, reach your goals? Yep, anything else. What else? What else would you know? Yeah, emotional understanding. Yep, better relationships, productivity, navigate difficult challenges. Yep, yeah, exactly, exactly. So a general life coach is helping you with a lot of general things. Eduardo says, as a life coach and hypnotist, I help entrepreneurs master a skill of discipline and goal completion. Okay, great. Overcome limitations, happier, more success, awesome. Okay, so take a look at the answers in the comments. Do you see how they're kind of all over the place? And it's not necessarily a bad thing to be all over the place, because what's happening is that you're kind of creating the mental image in your head of, if I work with a life coach, what problems will be solved, and because each and every one of us are coming in with a separate set of problems or a different set of problems. When we think about a general life coach, we can't attribute it to one single result or one single specialty. So if you are looking for a life coach to help you with mindset, with happiness, success, overcoming limitations, productivity, navigating difficult challenges, like some of these things that you guys all dropped into the comments. When you think about those problems, it becomes really hard to attribute it to a single life coach, unless they have taken the time to carve out their specialty. So it took a lot of questioning, but I kept asking her, you know. Who are the people that you genuinely enjoy working with? Who are the people who get the best results working with you? How do you create demand? And that was her question. How do I create demand when what I do is so different for every single person? And so the approach that we took is, instead of focusing on all of the potential outcomes and all of the potential results that someone can get with her. We decided to bring it down into a single concept. So you guys have heard me talk about brand concepts before, and we're going to cover it later in the program, but I'm going to touch on it here, just to kind of get some of the creative juices flowing out of you. The brand concept that we came up with was she helps you become the Dangerous Woman and the Dangerous Woman, we gave a definition to so as a dangerous woman, I made her write out what were all of the potential outcomes, all of the desired results, all of the things that she felt comfortable in being able to provide for her clients. I also got her to brain dump all of the things that she felt good in being able to deliver. So I said, do an audit on your previous clients. Do an audit on the thing like the results that you feel really good about being able to deliver. What are those? And then we took both of these brain dumps and we categorized them into seven core categories. And I can't really name them off the top of my head, but it was something around like being able to stand up for yourself and have difficult conversations, setting strong boundaries, following through with your goals and your commitments to yourself, so not committing to something and then just forgetting about it. We talked about how they navigate relationships, their health, and so basically, we came up with this concept of, like, the seven principles of becoming a dangerous woman. What does that look like? Who is a dangerous woman? What is she able to do? And that description all tied back to these seven core principles of what makes a dangerous woman, and then all of her content, all of a sudden, shifted away from, I'm a general life coach, and I can help you live a more satisfactory, fulfilled, beautiful life into I hope you become a dangerous woman. And this is what a dangerous woman is. This is how she walks, this is how she talks. This is how she carries herself in relationships. This is how she shows up in her business. This is how she navigates difficult conversations. This is how she sets boundaries.

Speaker 1  42:24
And then we juxtaposition to that with the opposite of what a dangerous woman was, which I don't remember exactly what the name was, that we came up with, and she's she's since evolved it into something else, but it was something around like the complacent woman, let's say. And this is the woman who's the doormat, the woman who can't stand up for herself, the woman who allows herself to be taken advantage of, the woman who makes commitments to herself and doesn't follow through, the woman who you know consistently is running away from conflict or running away from difficult emotions and relationships. And so we created these two brand personas. We created these two kind of like Alter Ego effects. And so there was the complacent woman and the dangerous woman. And anytime she spoke in her content about what she does, she consistently drew the difference between how I help you go from being the complacent woman with the description to becoming the dangerous woman. And we took it even one step further. We came up with a dangerous woman assessment, which you guys know, the wheel of life. A lot of life coaches use it right you kind of assess yourself, on your finances, on your emotional skills, on all the kind of different components that make up life. We created the Dangerous Woman wheel of life, where she basically assessed them on these seven skills. So how confident do they feel in being able to assert boundaries. How confident do they feel in being able to create goals and actually stick to them? So we created this concept. And again, the reason why I'm sharing this with you guys is because this is how you create differentiation. You create your own scale, your own concept, your own idea. Like you take something that is super abstract, like life coaching, and you give it shape, you give it form. So, long story short, after we created the Dangerous Woman brand concept, and the more she started speaking about it, now, all of a sudden, her audience was like, that's what I want. Because she wasn't selling herself as a general life coach anymore. She wasn't selling herself as I help you reach your goals and overcome limitations, even though that is what she does. She gave it context, and she allowed people to see what does it mean to be the dangerous woman? What does it look like to be the dangerous woman? She defined it. It was a woman with class, a woman who was comfortable with her self expression, a woman who stuck to her goals, a woman who prioritized relationship well being a woman who went after her goals without holding herself back. So she gave it this identity that was desirable. And after that, she went on to write a book. I actually don't know if the book is out yet, so can't talk about it. She went on. To get booked on special appearances on different shows on national television. She had, she'd had a couple of things on like ABC where they brought her in to speak about like life coaching in the field of life coaching, and how she's been able to revolutionize the way that women see themselves, and stuff like that. Again, I'm not making a promise and saying, if you guys come up with a brand concept, you're going to be featured on live television. However, with that being said, if she would continue to just talk about herself as a general life coach, she wouldn't become known at for something, people wouldn't be actively seeking her out for something. So do you see how we found the intersection between what she felt good in being able to deliver, and what was a need? What was a desire, something that was top of mind for people, that allowed them to be like, ah, that's who I want to become. So it's less about marketing your offer, right? As we're looking at this guys, we didn't even talk about her offer, right? You guys don't know if she does one on one or group, or if it's 18k or 100k or 5k like, you guys have no details about the offer, but she built demand for the end result. She built demand for the identity of a dangerous woman. And this is how you start building demand for what it is that you do without relying so heavily on talking about your offers all the time. Oh my god, I have the six week coaching accelerator. It's so much great. It's so great. You guys are going to love it. Oh my god, it's so good. People are not buying the offer itself. They're buying the need. And the outcome, pickleball dude over here was not selling pickleball. He wasn't selling, I'm going to put you on the court and you're going to have 12 private sessions with me, and he wasn't selling that. Pickleball dude was selling the fact that you're going to get a low impact, fun form of exercise that does not require you to have crazy athletic abilities. Dangerous Woman. Chick was not focused on her coaching process or her coaching program. She was focused on the demand of women wanting to become a better version of themselves, a healthier, more whole, more dominant, assertive version of themselves. Okay, so Jessica is saying is dangerous woman and demand capture, demand creation, or both? Great question. I would actually say that this is demand capture. And here's why, what she did with the Dangerous Woman concept is not necessarily create something new. She wasn't educating people on what they need people were already feeling, you know, let's say unfulfilled, feeling like they're not standing up for themselves, feeling like they're being a doormat. Like these were women that already knew they needed a life coach. All she did is position herself as someone who is top of mind to their desires. So why would they go to her versus any other life coach well, because here is the result that she provides, here is the person that she becomes, right? It's it's less about you come to me and I help you solve your problems, and you become a more productive version of yourself, and you get to reach all of your goals and dreams and desires. It's more about the concreteness of this is who you become. So people in the market were already looking for, let's say, a life coach or someone to help them with those problems. But going back to what I said at the very beginning of this call, not everyone understands what they need. What they understand is I'm not where I want to be in life. I'm not where I want to be with my health. I'm not where I want to be with my business, they don't necessarily understand what it is that they need to do so by creating or coining the term the Dangerous Woman and giving it shape and giving it form, all she did was to funnel that into a an outcome or A result that was highly desirable to her people. Kevin says, I love how you present the case studies, and the work is super inspiring. I want it to come naturally to me as this comes to you, and it will with time again. This, this is stuff that it's taken years, like quite literally, years of being able to take people's ideas and synthesize them into what is it that people are going to buy? Jessica? Is it similar to the innovative versus disruptive brand? Yeah, very similar. So I want you guys to think about the innovative brands as taking something that already exists in the space and just presenting it as something better, right? Versus the disruptive brands that we talked about last week are the people who are introducing something completely new to the space, and then needing to build the demand for it.

Speaker 1  49:27
Rose says, I think my old niche, helping women increase desire was demand capture, and my new niche, teaching therapist and health wellness pros had Yes. Is more demand creation? Yes. And I'm really glad that you pointed that out, because going back to what I said about the client I was speaking to earlier. The whole reason why his new marketing was not working is because he just like you, he also was previously in a domain demand capture camp, and now he has moved towards demand creation, but his content strategy was still focusing on speaking to things that he thought people knew, but they didn't. Know that they had that problem, he now had to kind of go back to the drawing board and educate people on why they needed his thing. And he was getting frustrated that his previous marketing strategies was not working, but he had completely shifted his offer and his his ideal client, and the same kind of way that he was messaging no longer resonated with them. Natalie, do you recommend just introducing the brand concept to your audience. How? So, yeah, I'm going to be covering this, so I'll kind of get into it. And Eduardo, it's like, I know exactly how I want to position my brand and myself. Multiple offers that can be fulfilled as positioning. Yes. And again, you might not come up with both of these concepts. Like, depending on which camp you fall into, it might not come to you like, bam, that that's, you know, here's my concept. Like I said, it probably took me anywhere between three to six sessions with her to really define and conceptualize the concept of the Dangerous Woman, and, you know, gave it shape and come up with the assessment and come up with a description, and I think I even wrote her back then like a dangerous woman manifesto, where it was supposed to be like the first opening page to her book, or even on her homepage on her website, like We are dangerous women. We do blah, blah, blah, and it was kind of like this manifesto that we had created, but that takes time to develop. So this is something you'll continuously come back to. Chris says the idea of it taking time is actually very relaxing, the space of it all. Yes, exactly. And that's the thing again, I think so many people are looking to hack their way to what is my positioning and how do I create demand, rather than looking at this from the perspective of this is my life's work, and my life's work is going to take time to develop if I'm going to be going on national television and talking about something, it is not an idea that I whipped up out of a dream or overnight or, you know, in a weekend. It is something that is taking time to deliver or to create before I can deliver. All right, guys, let's keep going, because there's, there's plenty more to go through in terms of how to actually do this and how to think about demand. So let's, let's kind of keep going with this. So to start, let's explore the jobs to be done theory. So this is the economic principle that I was talking about at the beginning of this call, where we need to understand what actually gets people to buy what is it about their way of making purchasing decisions that makes it unique to or makes it unique to what it is that you solve or what it is that you do? So the reason why we call this jobs, and again, this isn't a concept I've created. This is a consumer psychology concept that you guys can go look up. There's books about it, there's articles about it. You can watch plenty of videos on YouTube about it. If you're curious, and you're a nerd like me, and you want to get deeper into it, I'm going to be going through a basic breakdown, an oversimplified breakdown, just for the purpose of this call. So you guys kind of grasp the core concept and understand how to apply it to what what it is that you do. So the core premise of the jobs to be done theory is essentially that people don't purchase products and services. They actually purchase the function of that product or service. So when someone is buying something, whether it's like a nutrition plan or a new purse or, you know, a book, there's a function or a job that needs to be fulfilled. So it has to either help them accomplish a task, achieve a goal, resolve or avoid any problems. There's there's something about that product or that service or that offer that has functional value to them. So they buy because of these core needs, or these, these three core jobs. The first one is the tangible requirement to address specific needs and functions. So this investment is happening to acquire something that will help them execute a task, build a skill set, accomplish a goal, solve a problem, and this has to be something that they're aware that they have. So for example, if you go out and buy a printer, you're not buying the printer just because you think it looks like a pretty piece of decoration in your office. You're buying the printer because you need to print things, right? There's a function for it. You guys are all in this program because there's a functional element to building your brand. I helped you recognize through my content that without understanding the foundations of how to build a brand, you will not be able to succeed. You will not be able to create the business, the demand, the sales, and you won't be able to create marketing materials if you don't have the functional component of understanding the brand foundations. So each of you are in this program right now because you recognize that you had to build a skill set. You recognize that you were lacking some knowledge, lacking some expertise, and so you're here to do that. Now, if we take it one step deeper, the second type of job or the need is the emotional needs. So what are the emotional consequences or the emotional benefits that people are investing into? So these are more abstract in the sense that they are either tied to a fear, pain, frustration or challenge that they want to overcome, or they're tied to a desire, aspiration, want, or identity that they want to attain. So this is kind of more the result of once they're able to do this. So once the functional component has been applied, what is the emotional benefit? So if you guys have. The skill set of building a brand. If you guys have the knowledge, the know how of what brand foundations are, what is that going to do for you? Well, I could argue that it's going to make you a lot more confident in how to write content. You're going to feel a lot more at ease. You're going to feel a lot more clear in what you stand for, you're going to feel a lot more convicted in your stance. You're going to be able to communicate what you do with greater ease. You're going to no longer fear How to Get lost amongst you know all the other people in your field that do the same thing. So it's all the emotional benefits that someone acquires after having the functional need fulfilled here. And then there's the third layer here, which is more of like the social or the self actualization need or the job. So these are the transformational or higher order aspects of one's desires, such as belonging, perception of others, feeling of accomplishment. So think of it as if you were able to acquire all of the skills that I'm teaching you here, and as a result, you're feeling a lot more confident about how to position and market yourself. What is that going to do? Well, you're going to have content that's going to make people go, Wow, you really know what you're talking about, right? It's going to give you that extra oomph. You're going to stand out amongst your competitors. You're going to feel, this is a big one. You're going to feel a lot more accomplished and competent in what you do, right? So you're you're achieving that self actualization. Need that part of you that's like, I actually know what I'm doing. I actually know what I'm talking about. I know what makes me different. I know how my content is now going to set me apart from other people. I now know I'm going to have demand. I now know that people are going to look up to me as a thought leader, right? So we really want to make sure that we're getting into we're making sure that when we are assessing demand, we are thinking about these three jobs. And again, this is an oversimplified version of jobs to be done theory, guys. But, but the core premise here is that these are the only three reasons why people buy and of course, there's prestige, there's status, there's whatever. Like, for example, I drive an Audi, not a Toyota, not to shit on Toyota's in any way or shape or form. Why do I drive an Audi? Well, there's functional reasons for like. I like the way it drives. I like the way that I can speed. I like the way that I can handle curves, the emotional needs, where it makes me feel pretty badass when I can run from the cops. What next thing over here? How is it making me stand out amongst others? Well, if I'm driving an Audi versus, you know, a Toyota turcle, which doesn't exist anymore, it gives me a feeling of superiority. And these are all truth, right? It might sound conceited, but these are the reasons why we have luxury items. This is the reasons why we do certain things, the way that we do them. Okay? Now, in actual practicality, when you're thinking about how to create these three levels, or how to message these three levels, we want to get clear on this. So this is basically what I just described, but flipped, and this is the the functional aspect of how do we put this into practicum. So think about what it is that you do with your clients. At the bottom of this pyramid, it's the actual tangible things that you offer. So the tangible things include, you know, what tools are you teaching them? What modalities are you using? What are the resources are you doing? Are you like? Are you selling coaching? Are you selling a curriculum? Are you selling a a personalized plan? Are you selling a some sort of widget or some sort of physical product? Like, I want you guys to just dump out, whether it's right now or later for homework. What are the actual tangible things that you do with people? And again, if I use myself as an example, the attributes here is, I'm selling you guys a five week accelerator with a number of pre recorded calls, a number of live calls,

Unknown Speaker  59:04
question and answer, support a Facebook community to ask your questions. And

Speaker 1  59:14
then I can even take it even deeper, where I'm teaching you guys how to build demand. I'm teaching you guys how to define your specialty. I'm teaching you guys how to build your core concept. I'm teaching you guys jobs to be done theory like these are the actual tools that I'm executing actively on my calls. So these are all the attributes. But notice how if I were to only message to the attributes this is very easy to compete on, because anybody else, including you guys in this program right now, anybody else can take the very thing that I teach or do or promise and repeat it. Right? You guys could take every single lesson and make your own version. Of this program and just just reteach it right? So it's very easy to imitate this. What we want to make sure that we do is that we personalize it. So we're as we're going up this pyramid, we want to make sure that we're communicating some of the emotional benefits and some of the ways that is unique to us. So the next level up over here, the functional benefits provided to customers. So as a result of everything that you dumped down here with the attributes, what will those attributes either solve or accomplish for your clients? What are the

Unknown Speaker  1:00:44
pain points that might be resolved? What might be, what

Speaker 1  1:00:52
would be some of the outcomes or the desires that they've been trying to get to on their own, but they can't? I

Speaker 1  1:01:04
so similar to what I shared above, around the confidence and the competence and feeling good about your content, and feeling comfortable and articulating what it is that you do, feeling very honed and specific in your brand and your niche, those are some of the functional benefits that you guys will experience as a result of what I teach you now at the very top over here, this is where we want to now infuse our values, what makes our method different, and appeal to some of those aspects of people's identity. So with the Dangerous Woman, the example that I gave you guys, and the example of how I applied this to my my client, the attributes of what she was teaching, it was still life coaching. She still used a bunch of life coaching tools and the thought model, and she was using a lot of the same tools that everybody else was. There wasn't anything you know miraculously different about her approach, but what she did with the attributes is that she categorized them into specific domains. Right? There was like the boundaries, the health, the goals, like she she created a system around it, and as a result of those attributes, of those teachings and those tools, the women were able to stick to their goals. The women were able to, you know, feel more confident in their own skin, have the tools and the resources to emotionally self regulate, know how to approach difficult conversations, like all those things, of what were the results of her tools? What were the results of what she did. And then at the very top, over here it's how would they feel about themselves? How would they move through the world as a result of going through her teachings and her trainings? What was the identity they were able to take on as a result of her method, and again, by getting to the top of this pyramid, they now identified as dangerous women. I am a dangerous woman. They're not just like, Oh, I'm happy and healed and feel so fulfilled. Thank you so much, because any other life coach could do that, right? But they identified, they identified as being the Dangerous Woman, much like how I talk about the difference between regular brands and neuro brands. You guys remember that pyramid at the first our first call, where I said you got to be there's some people that are commodities, influencers, thought leaders or personal brands, and there's the neuro brand, where you're nuanced, you're expressed, you're uncopyable. You have your own unique ways of doing things. You no longer feel the need to look to other people for inspiration. As a matter of fact, you you're repulsed by the idea of copying somebody else, because you know that that out. It takes your, your uniqueness away. That's how it takes your your magnetism away. So again, a little bit of homework for you guys, because I know it's it's impossible to do the whole exercise on this call, but the attributes, what are the actual functional things you're doing with people? What are the tangible things they're taking away while working with you? And then, what are the emotional benefits of that? What? What do they what are they able to do or feel or think as a result of going through your teachings? And then to take it one step further, what will they identify as? How will they move through the world? How do they see themselves? How do other people see themselves, or sorry, How do other people see them after

Speaker 1  1:04:53
all? Right, and this brings us to the core of what actually gets us to buy psychological tension. The only. Reason why people are purchasing from us or purchasing anything period is because they are feeling psychological tension between where they are now and where they want to be. If this psychological tension does not exist, meaning they're not aware, or they don't know why you know they need to be solving a problem, their motivation to look for a solution, or their motivation to actually pay someone to solve that problem, is very low, and so if you are in a category where you're not necessarily sure what makes you different or why people are buying from you, it becomes really hard to create psychological tension, because we need to understand their needs, their their wants, their desires, their problems, like we need to understand why they're actually buying and what is it that we do to create that tension? So positioning your offer begs the question of which needs are you ascribing to, and how do you communicate that you fulfill those needs? All right, here's some homework questions for you guys. And again, you don't feel like the rush to have to write each and every one of these down, because they're in this document. You're gonna have access to this document. But these are some very standard jobs to be done questions, and this is really just to help you unveil what are the different aspects of the jobs that you fulfill. So whether it's functional, emotional, social, you know those aspects, what is it about those jobs that will get someone to view your product or your service as something that is needed? Rose is saying here, content wise, would you bounce around all of these categories, attributes, benefits, self expression? So funny enough, I would actually argue that each one of these components would be a part of a single piece of copy. Again, difference between copy and content, right? Copy is moving people towards a decision where they want to work with you. Content is helping them understand your overarching philosophies, your beliefs, you know, reasons to believe, all of that, if you're writing a piece of copy, people need to understand, you know, what are they getting? They need to understand what will they be able to experience or feel or overcome as a result of that? And they also need to understand, what are the overarching promises or outcomes, or how will they be able to feel and move through the world as a result of doing that. And again, we will get a little bit into copy and content at the end of this program, beyond the scope of this call. But just to answer your question, each one of these components, in a very subtle way, needs to be mentioned in a piece of copy in order for it to be effective. Maybe not content, because content is is a lot more fluid and is a lot more free flowing. But when it comes to copy, we want to make sure that people are clear on these three elements. Okay, so here's here were the questions. Again. I'm not going to read them out loud, just for the sake of time, but I recommend coming back to these and trying to answer them. Now, some of you might also be feeling like these questions are getting a little bit repetitive, and that is done on purpose. The reason for that is because, with every new layer of knowledge that you are exposed to, or with every new teaching that I present to you guys, the answers to some of these questions might shift and evolve. That is the whole purpose. So when I say, what does a customer want to achieve in a particular circumstance that's equivalent to, what are the problems that people are coming to you for right which we got to ask in these last couple of weeks. Now, with this new lens, it prompts you to go a little bit deeper with that question. It prompts you to think about the attributes, the benefits, the functional needs, or the core ideas that you're trying to convey. So come back to these questions, review them, and really be able to focus on what is the job that is being done. So why do you want to focus on the need or the job rather than your offer and solution? Because solution on solutions and offers will evolve and iterate, but the jobs and needs stay the same. Here is an example of why you want to focus on the job. This is a music example. Do you guys remember cassettes, vinyl, CDs? How many of you are using those right now? Very few people, right? We're probably, I don't even think this even exists anymore, these, if you're maybe a vintage, you know, snob, MP, three players, we're not even using those anymore, right? Everyone's streaming. Everyone's on either Spotify, YouTube, music like SoundCloud, whatever it is, we're all over here. But here's what I want you guys to focus on. The job in the market is not the product. The job in the market is that humans have a desire or a need to listen to music. So if your entire brand and marketing strategy is purely focused on the product or the service or the offer, then you will at some point be rendered obsolete. You want to focus on what is the need. So. We come back to appear. What is the attribute? What are you actually doing? You're providing music. You're providing a convenient way where people can listen to music. This will make them feel good. This will make them feel like they can take their music with them anywhere. This will make them feel like they have access to music at the at their fingertips. This will make them it'll make their walks feel a lot more vibrant. Their long drives will be a lot more vibrant. They can have their headphones at the gym. It's gonna, it's gonna increase their their quality of life. You're not focused on here's a cassette, and here's why how amazing a cassette is, and here's why you need to buy this cassette, right? You're focused on what is the cassette doing for them.

Speaker 1  1:10:51
So if the job is to listen to music, or if the job in your space is to achieve a certain goal, to overcome a certain problem, you are not focused on selling them on your offer, whether it's a six week accelerator or a 12 month program, people don't care about the program. What they need to know is that you can fulfill the job. Is this clear? Drop a one in the comments if you understand why we want to focus on the job. Yeah, kind of like how blockbuster isn't around anymore, even though I would have loved to go physically to pick up a movie back then with my son. Yeah, exactly because jobs will stay the same. Think about clothing, right? We're not wearing things that we wore in the 1800s but the job of needing to clothe ourselves are still present. And so clothing companies, or just, you know, the fashion industry in general, is not focused on, here's this article of clothing and how great it is. They're focused on the job of people wear things to stand out. People wear things because the functional component, right? Let's go back here. Functional component is we need to cover our bodies. We can't be walking around naked. Some of the emotional benefits is we might want to wear certain clothing as a form of self expression. You might want to be very punk emo style, or you you might want to be very conservative, or you might want to be very flashy and edgy with the way you dress. It's a form of self expression. So how are certain fashion companies aligning themselves with the desires or the need of that market? And if you are someone who's more practical and just everyday and comfortable versus, let's say, luxury and edgy and standing out, what does that say about your identity you want to Align yourselves with, what it is that you want to be known for. Okay, glad that's clear. Let's keep going. So the key I want you guys to take away from this is to identify your specialty, right, which we did last week. So identify what is the thing that you really want to be known for? What are you good at? And then understand the job that you fulfill to find your position in the market. Okay, now we're going to get into the actual market research side of things. So how do you know what the thing is that you're creating is going to be wanted, three aspects of this desirability, viability and feasibility. And for many of you, when we've had that conversation around integrity and making sure that you're actually promising things that you you feel good in being able to deliver. This is where this comes into place. Most people, especially today, are simply focused on desirability and viability, which is, are people going to buy it and are can you make money from it? The missing piece over here is the feasibility. Which can you deliver it? Are you the best fit to actually create so desirability is understanding that there is a job in the market, whether it's functional, emotional, social, you know, there's there's something in the market that people are looking to solve. Viability is, are they willing to pay to solve it? This is really important here, because I've also seen many people create programs and offers that do actually solve a problem, but the way the program or the offer is positioned is way outside of the scope of what people are trying to or people are willing to invest into. I'll give you two examples of what I've seen recently. I had a friend of mine who came to me saying that she had a sales call with a a female coach that focuses on cycle syncing. Do you guys know what cycle syncing is? Yes, no, maybe. Basically, it's it's a coach that helps women adjust their entire health programs and their schedules and their workout routines to their menstrual cycle. So based on where you are in your cycle, whether you're luteal or follicular or menstruation, she helps you create a custom plan, like a lifestyle plan, that fits into you know what that what phase you're in, and how to best respond to your body based on that phase. Yes. So really important. Jesse says I was teaching cycle syncing in 2016 Yes. So she now creates, she's created this offer. And so my friend voice messaged me, saying I felt a little bit off about it. And I said, Well, what was off about it? And she said, Well, the the entire offer was that she does, like a full assessment, like a lifestyle assessment, of who you are, and then what your health issues are, and you know, what are your goals and whatnot. And then she helps you create a custom plan. But in order to get access to the custom plan, you need, like, monthly coaching, and you need to be a part of this community. And it's Kevin says I heard psycho syncing. No, luckily not. But she's like, Yeah, we need to be a part of this community. And she's charging upwards of $2,000 a month to just get access to her cycle sinking community and the coaching and the resources. And I just, I kind of just want to plant she's like, I'm pretty self motivated, and I'm pretty like, I know what it is that I want, that. I know what I have to do with my health. I just want some some adjustments here and there. And so this girl had kind of fallen into the high ticket trap, which many people have, of believing that the only way to succeed in business is to have one high ticket offer, and that's all you focus on, and that's all you sell. And she was actually losing a lot of business because many people who were coming to her were just looking for a plan, the audience, the demand that exists in her space was, I am missing an expert from giving me insight on how to cycle sync. They weren't looking for hands on support this. This wasn't a copywriting program. This wasn't a business implementation program. This wasn't a life coaching program where areas of resistance and stuff like that was coming up. And yes, maybe, maybe some people would have had issues that wanted, you know, ongoing support, but to sell them into a high ticket program did not necessarily meet their needs. And so she was actually losing a lot of business by following the high ticket model because she thought that that was the way forward. This girl probably would have made a crap load of more money if she created with like, a one time assessment and plan, and sold that assessment and plan as a lesser investment, but at least got more people that had the demand for just give me the plan, I'm going to go implement it myself, so making sure that what you're coming up with actually meets the market need. What is it that your market is actually looking and is willing to pay for these people had the demand, but they were not willing to pay $2,000 a month for ongoing like accountability and coaching her people were already self motivated. I would even argue, if someone is looking for cycle syncing, they probably already have a well thought out workout routine and whatever, and they're just looking to make tweaks and modifications to it. Another example of this is recently, I had a woman come to me saying that she wants to focus on stay at home moms in the Middle East and helping them overcome their childhood traumas and their past, you know, burdens and stuff like that. And she was charging a $10,000 USD program for stay at home moms in the Middle East who, as you guys can imagine, will, in no way, shape or form, have the funds to afford something like that. So is the offer wrong? No, the offer, she's absolutely right. There's definitely desirability, there's definitely feasibility. She can deliver on helping them work on their mindset, work on the childhood traumas. Really kind of develop that inherent sense of self worth. But she's focusing on stay at home moms in the Middle East who will not be paying $10,000 USD to work on a high ticket program. So again, I don't think these are like extreme cases here, but I'm just helping you guys understand when you're marketing or positioning your services, pricing, what you do? You want to make sure that it falls within the categories of First of all, will people want it? Can they actually afford it? Is that the niche that you're focused on, or is that the types of people that you're looking to reach are these the people that have the means that does it? Does it cause their nervous system to, you know, go into fight or flight just thinking about the investment and not to listen to conventional marketing and business advice that tells you that high ticket is the way, and this is how you make your way to financial freedom or whatever you want, to make sure that the way that you're positioning your offers is actually fulfilling a need and a desire For the people that that are best fit to actually work with you. So again, I'm not going to read through these questions, because you guys have access to them, but I've actually comprised I've gone through all of my teachings and everything that I've I've kind of gone through with previous clients, and under each category of desirability, viability and feasibility. I've put together a series of questions that I want you guys to ask yourselves, and also when you're going out to do market research, to be able to answer these questions. Now the key thing that I want you guys to take away from my approach to market research is that you are never openly asking people, is this a product that you. Would want, would you pay for this? Is this something that you you would want to pay to solve? Because very similar to what we saw with Madison's example at the beginning, people don't know what they don't know. People don't know what the solution is. People don't know most of the time. Nine out of 10 times, they will say, yes, yeah, yeah. That's exactly what I need. Yeah. And then when the time comes to actually invest, they are not necessarily in a position, or they don't see it as something that's desirable. The key to market research is for you to be able to assess what are the problems they are facing, how bad are these problems, or what are the desires that they are craving, and how badly do they want to reach these desires? What are the things that they have tried? What do they not resonate with?

Speaker 1  1:20:46
What are some of the obstacles that have come into their way? Like you're really trying to assess their overarching problem. You're trying to diagnose where are they where are they stuck? What do they need? What is it that you do differently and you want to innovate a solution? The whole reason why this program was put together, the way that it was put together, was not because I went out and individually asked you guys, like, hey, if I put together a five week program that focuses on brand foundations, would you buy it? Chances are you guys would probably say yes, and some of you might even buy it, but what I did was that I looked at all of the issues and all of the points of resistance that people had DM me, all of the intake forms I had taken with previous clients. I had listened to people's frustrations from other programs. I listened to what are the things that I feel I'm really good at and what is it that people are saying that they need? And then I put together this program in response to people's needs. I didn't put it together because I validated that you guys, you know, wanted this particular program. I validated the need for it, right? Kevin says, One year ago, I did a power offer, yep, and I had 50 people tell me they would buy it. Then I launched and I got three clients. Yep, that's the honestly, I hear that multiple times a week, and it's so frustrating, because you feel like you did everything that you could to validate the demand. And again, I always say you want to validate demand. But validating demand does not mean, hey, I've put together this offer. Do you want it or not? Because people will say yes. They will always say yes. Validating demand is being very inquisitive in asking people the right questions. You're not necessarily asking them. Hey, if I put together something that solves XYZ, would you buy it? What you're asking them is, can you tell me a little bit more about what was so frustrating about this experience. Can you tell me a bit more about what you've tried to overcome this obstacle? Can you tell me a little bit more about you know, this consequence that came up for you and what were what were your thoughts about it? Could you

Speaker 1  1:23:00
give more examples on how you would do it with content rather than interviews and surveys? Yeah, that's gonna I'm gonna cover that in in the messaging module. So we're gonna come back to that. And it says, I try to do market research through polls on IG, but usually get crickets. Any other suggestions? Yep, once again, we'll come back to that as well. I actually have a bonus training. I think I'm going to get my team to upload it in here. I did it in narrow message last year on unconventional ways to do market research that don't rely on just calls it. It was, you know, I covered things like going through Amazon book reviews and looking at listening to the subtleties in what people are expressing online, like looking at comment sections, looking at people's responses, like, there's, there's so much market research that you can do without overtly having to ask people questions because they will be resistant to it, or they won't give you proper answers. One of the biggest principles in consumer psychology, and I think I mentioned it here too, market research is not about asking people what they want and then making that the number one rule in behavioral economics is to not build in response to a need that people have vocalized, but to build what you have observed is missing from your space. So it's about understanding the market need and innovating a solution to fulfill it. So you want to ask questions around the problem. You're not asking them, Hey, what's your problem so that you can solve it? And these questions, by the way, guys, I know I went through them really quickly as I was scrolling, these questions will help you do that. So you want to look at what is the desirability, the feasibility and the viability of what it is that you're creating. I love this quote by Henry Ford because he said, if I listen to people, I would have bred a faster horse, right? So the invention of the automobile, if he would have talked to people about what their qualms are about going around in horse and buggy, they would talk about, maybe it's slow, it's bumpy, it's it's, you know, the horses are not being fed enough, or whatever. It would have been a horse problem, right? But what he did is listened to the core job, the need in the marketplace, and the need was to get from point A to point B faster. Mm. So the same thing to do was to breed a faster horse, was to train horses to run faster or to carry things faster, or to carry more load, right? That's if he were to listen to the market need. But he didn't. He innovated a solution by building an automobile that fulfilled the function or the job of getting you from point A to point B faster. So it is your job to innovate a solution based on a need that you've observed and continually refine it to serve the best. Serve the people as best myth to serve.

Speaker 1  1:25:35
How do we do this? We're getting into some some fun diagram stuff. Guys, some fun diagrams. Okay, let me quick, quickly, take a look at the chat. Jessica says, I'm realizing that I'm asking, Would you buy it more selfish instead of focusing on client needs? Selfless? Yes, exactly. Love eyes. Yeah, about it in different examples, yep. Silly. Making people come on calls where there's nothing for them. It feels icky. It works one out of 10 times. Yeah, exactly, exactly. Okay. This double diamond, Double Diamond approach. Again, this is not my concept. This is, this is taken from UX design, and I've kind of adapted it to fit the needs of this program in particular, because this can get really complicated. Again, this is not my concept, guys. This is adapted. You guys can go and research this in depth. There's many trainings on it. There's whole schools of thought on it. But this is the process that I want you guys to follow this especially becomes important for those of you who are in the pre branding or pre offer creation stage. So just because you don't have something to offer right now, or just because you are not feeling super, super clear on the outcomes that you provide or what's the process to use, does not mean that you are not ready to go out there and start making offers. What it means is that you are in the offer and idea validation phase, and the only way to validate your ideas is to actively create something, test it and get feedback from people. The mistake that people make in offer creation is that they start with the end in mind, and they start making promises of what the outcomes will be that people will get as a result of working with them without actually validating whether they can deliver that so back up to that three, you know, the three sides of that triangle. They might know what people want, they might know what people desire and what they want to pay for, but they don't actually have the feasibility of delivering on that promise. And so what they do is that they shoot themselves in the foot by not creating a solid brand reputation from the get go. And guys, if you master this double diamond approach, this isn't something that's going to happen within just a few weeks or a month. It has probably taken me, taken me, personally, up to six years of actually refining the solution that I offer. And this is how I want you guys to think about it. It starts off by doing the initial market research, by either observing, asking, interpreting and listening to what the market is complaining about. When I was creating this program, and again, the program, this program creation did not happen in a vacuum, or did not happen in a weekend. It was through months and months of looking at people going out and buying copywriting programs, people even coming into my program, or people going into, you know, content creation, launching whatever program was promised to them, and consistently not seeing results. They went into these programs with high hopes of being taught the magic formula and feeling like, Well, why is it not working for me? And it was very bizarre to me, because many of these people I knew were and including you guys, are very talented and very good at what it is that you do. You're very passionate. So why was it that content creation was not working for you? Again, I didn't ask you guys, hey, what was the problem? Why didn't you get results with content creation? And you say, Well, you know what premise I actually had a very faulty brand. I didn't have a really core brand idea that I was conveying, and that's why I didn't get results. Do you see how neither of you would have said that? Neither of you would have known what the actual root of your problem was. It was my job to listen to what the market was saying. The market was saying they were going into these programs and not getting any results. Okay, it is my job to now play scientist and test my hypothesis of why that is. So got into brainstorming and got into listening to people's problems, being inquisitive. Then I started focusing on, what are the different personas, what are the different aspects of these people that could potentially be a good fit for the solution that I've created? Now, if you guys remember the video that I had on the sales page for this program, I said you probably fall into one of these three categories, right? You probably fall into the category of someone who's positioned themselves, you know this way, someone who's feels like they have a million ideas and don't know how to synthesize them, all of that I didn't just for me, listening to the problems of what is it that my people are looking to solve? What is it that my people have have identified as being their problem? Kevin says he thought it was a messaging. Problem, absolutely every person thought it's a messaging problem. Oh, I just need to know what the words are. I just need to know what the what you know, what the core promise is. I just need to know how to position my offer and my post so that people actually buy it. So in doing this market research, I then developed a product, a hypothesis of, if you do not have a clear brand foundation. If you do not have a brand identity, you will not be able to succeed, you will not be able to implement messaging strategies, you will not be able to go out and market your products and services. So I put together an MVP. My MVP is not this program. My MVP was taking on a number of people, one on one, who identified as not having a strong brand identity, who who resonated with what I said over here, and I ran them through a number of one on one sessions with me, and I just, I didn't have a method. I didn't have a process. I was just like, All right, let's just see what your problem is, and let me see what I can do for you. The promise that I that I gave them, because, again, most people will say, Well, how do you how do you get people to join if you don't actually have a promise, my promise was, by the end of this program, you're going to have a strong brand identity which will enable you to go out and understand how to market yourself. Notice how I did not promise money. I did not promise any sort of client results. I did not promise and there was no tangible promise at the end of it. The thing that I promised was the thing that I knew I was good at what I didn't know was what exactly I was going to run these people through. So they came into a one on one container with me. The only thing that I relied on was my knowledge, my wits and my experience, to know, how am I going to guide them through that? This MVP, which is, by the way, a minimal viable product. It this is your like. This is your gold mine. This is where all the information that you need to actually build a solid, solid product and program comes into play. So my MVP was come and do three to six sessions with me, one on one, and I'm going to help you develop whatever that brand identity was throughout these sessions. I was not leading the sessions. They were. They come into the call, and they would talk about their problem. They would talk about, hey, so here's what I'm doing, here's what's not working, here's what I've tried. Here's some of the things that my old mentor told me to do. This is what I've done. This is what didn't work. And so it created content. It created prompts for me to go, oh, that's why that didn't work. Oh, this is why that didn't work. And then I asked them questions, Hey, have you ever validated demand for this thing? No, I didn't. I just joined a funnel building program. Ah, interesting. Okay, let's start there. So I went through testing, assessing, exploring, do you guys see how the entire framework of this program, of getting clear on your specialty, building demand, building your brand concept, understanding your message, like those five pillars that I'm teaching you guys did not just come to me in a dream. It came from working with a handful of people that all identified as having the same issues as you and I. Crafted my methodology. I crafted that demand by listening to their needs, by listening to what they were struggling with, and then responding with my expertise. So all of this like this is literally the crux of your brand building process, is learning to listen, so finding the right problem to solve and then finding the right solution. And again, this is not going to happen in a vacuum. It is not going to happen fast. It is not going to happen overnight. You will, you will probably get all the way up until this stage and then be like, I missed something, and then got to go all the way back and refine the persona, refine the hypothesis. You're thinking like a scientist. A scientist is not looking to prove their hypothesis as fast as possible. They're looking to find what is the best method, process or available to create a process that proves this hypothesis. So if my hypothesis was you need to have a strong brand identity, but I myself was not clear on what do I actually do with people to get them that strength, strong brand identity? How do I actually facilitate that transformation? It was now up to me to actually work with people and put content out there that attracted the person who fit the description of this problem so that I can test my hypothesis.

Speaker 1  1:34:24
So some of the quick steps in how to do this, and again, it's it seems easy because I just have, like step one to four, but this, this itself, this whole process could take you six months. So step one, discover and define the scope of the problem that you solve. You all know by now, especially after going through last week's presentation, you all know somewhat of an idea of what category, what domain, and what specialty you fall into, and if you don't, that's fine, but you will eventually based on that specialty. I want you guys to ask yourselves, what is the scope of problem? I didn't tell people that you're going to come in here and learn how to build a funnel and create passive income and run ads and, you know, create. Money on while you're asleep, like that's that's not the problem that I'm solving. The problem for this particular offer is that you are going to learn how to build a strong brand Foundation. And again, remember, it's not what they come to you for. You have to look for the common denominator. What is the common denominator of all the clients who came to me saying, Nothing is working. I'm trying to post content. I'm trying to build websites and funnels. Nothing is working. The common denominator amongst all of them was that they didn't have a strong brand identity. Jesse says, I see I can really revisit past case studies and wish took more notes during those journeys. Yeah, that is why I have an intake form for every single client that comes in. Each and every one of you were, you know, prompted for market research for me, as you came into this program, of course, part of it was because I wanted to make sure that the content I'm covering is going to be fulfilling your needs. But at the same time, all of that was also epic content and epic market research for me to understand what the needs of my people are. Step two, develop your prototype or your solution and mechanism, so your prototype does not have to be this long, complicated diagram. It doesn't have to be a offer. Doesn't have to be a mentorship. You could literally just be like, hey, come and work with me for 30 days, and we're going to solve this one problem. And then you do whatever you possibly can, using your knowledge to solve that problem. And in that process, you get to see what are the roadblocks people come against. You get to see what are the questions they come to you for. You get to see what are the gaps in your own teachings. And then you create solutions based on those gaps. When I started neuro message, I realized that people had a really, really difficult time in understanding how to write copy. They didn't know how to position headlines, calls to action, how to build the case. And so in response to that need, I created specific frameworks, and I created specific exercises that helps people distill down their expertise into a single piece of copy. But I didn't go into that program knowing I'm going to teach that I developed that as a result of witnessing people's issues. Step three, deliver and gather feedback to improve your solution. So based on all of the problems, the roadblocks, the questions, you create your solution. And then the last piece, which won't happen until the very, very end, is that you identify your core market need, your sub market need and your niche need. Your core market need is all I want you guys to focus on right now, the sub market and the niche need, this will refine itself as you work with more people. For me, I started off with people don't know how to get clients online. I had no broad scope knowledge on personal branding, on ethical messaging, on any of the stuff I talk about. I just knew people are having trouble articulating their value and getting clients online. That's that was the core market need. But then the more I worked with people, I realized there's a sub market need of personal branding. It's not just getting clients online, it's how do you build a personal brand? That was a sub market need, but again, this didn't come to me until maybe three to four years of coaching first, and then only in the last year and a half to two years, I've recognized that there's this niche need for ethical marketing. It isn't just about how to get clients online, how to build a personal brand, it's how to do so in a way that doesn't feel icky. How do you do so in a way that positions you differently? How do you do so that doesn't rely on urgency tactics and scare tactics? Anna says That's brilliant. Any pointers on devising intake forms and testimonial forms with this in mind? And I would say, if you go back up to the questions that I that I shared above, those probably would prompt some ideas. There's probably over 20 Questions up there that you can you can kind of modify on your own. So this secondary diagram is just basically an easier kind of breakdown of what we had up here. So again, the Discover, define, develop and deliver phase. This is how you develop. What is the thing that you actually do? What is the demand that people have? And again, going back to, you know, actual and curation, what we really want to recognize here is that you only understand demand the more you engage with people. So it's not just about like looking at what's out there. You understand demand when you work with people. I currently, right now, in this program, as you guys post questions in the group or submit questions in the Q and A thread, I am already testing demand, I am still looking at, what is it that people are wanting to solve? What are some of the problems? What are some of the things that I feel comfortable in being able to solve for you? Sandy, you're saying when still figuring out the brand and offer and testing phase, can we still promise the tangible outcomes to clients, for them to trust us, as long as those tangible. Outcomes are something that you've either produced for yourself or for other people. What you really want to make sure that you do with the tangible outcomes is that you're not focused on the desirable outcomes. You're focused on what do you feel solid and promising? What are the parts of your process that you feel good in doing? I knew and I had the confidence that I can help people get solid in their brand identity. What I didn't have confidence in is exactly how I helped them do that. You guys remember when I talked about intuitive brilliance, or intuitive genius, and then crystallized genius? I knew that I was good with words. I knew I was good with branding. I just didn't know what I do to help them do that. The only way to clarify what I do is to actually get on calls with people and solve their problems repeatedly, because then I can look at the patterns of what it is that I can actually help them accomplish. What are the parts of my process, which, again, will come into play next week, when we're going into framework creation. Here's another tool that I created for myself, and again, you guys will have access to all of this so you can read through it. Here's another tool, which I call need mapping, which actually helps me develop the three core pillars of my current program. So inside neuro message, I have three pillars. I have brand identity, brand message and brand presence. Brand identity focuses on you getting clear on what makes you different in your space. Brand message focuses on all of the communication of, how do you actually write potent content? How do you write copy? How do you build demand? How do you create messaging that really speaks to the hearts and minds of the right people? And then the third phase, or the third pillar is brand presence. So how do you actually build an ecosystem of your message that has people wanting to work with you without you having to sell? All of my sales are done organically, right? I don't really sell, I don't push, I don't promote, but people still come to me. So how do you do that? Now, again, I did not come up with these three pillars Just out of nowhere. Needs were everything that you see in these boxes over here. These were all the questions that people had when they came to me. These were all the questions I got on intake forms. These were all the questions I got on market research calls. These were all the questions that I had submitted to me through DMS, so all I did was put them all down and then organize which pillar they fell into. The question I asked myself is, what is the root cause? So with every problem that someone comes to you with, or every question that they come to you with, ask yourself, what is the root cause? And eventually you're going to start to notice patterns in the root causes. So for example, what I offer is intangible. How do I make this compelling? If I'm not promising $1 value or a specific result, I ask myself, what is the root cause of this problem? To me, it was an inability to actually express and to communicate a tangible solution that fell into the brand message pillar versus this one. I want to express myself authentically, but not in a way that confuses my audience. How do I find balance between authenticity and tangibility? Okay, that is not a messaging problem. That is a brand identity problem. So I asked myself, what is the root cause of each one of these problems, and eventually I was able to figure out that I actually have three core pillars that I move people through. And of course, with all of these problems, I've now developed tools. I've developed exercises. I've developed things that people can go through and actually get clear. But I didn't have those exercises at first. I didn't just wake up as a brand messaging strategist and come up with this so identifying the core need before the pillar, the need for brand identity was, they need a solid foundation. The need for messaging was they needed clearer words. They need to understand how to articulate themselves. And the need for their brand presence was content strategy. They needed to understand how to build content that makes that makes people want to purchase from them.

Speaker 1  1:44:10
All right, let's keep going, because we're almost done here. This is just a an easy, kind of easy way to look at how to create actual messaging that stems from what we created up here. So if you were to take all of this and you put it through this double diamond approach, how do we actually do this? The five stages of building your offer or building what it is that you do that fits demand is empathize, define, ideate, prototype and test and again. This is a very well known design approach, design thinking approach. It's not again. This is not something that I created, right? This is not my model. Just want to make that clear. This is not my intellectual property, but what I have created is, what are the core things? You need to be clear to actually do this and execute this effectively. So stage one, to empathize, you want to be clear. What are the needs and jobs we've already done the majority of this in these last couple of weeks? By identifying, what's the MPP, what's the psi, what's the core message, right? What is the thing that we are fulfilling for our people and the second component, what are the pain points? How do these show up in their day to day? Now, for those of you who are not necessarily solving a pain, I want you to flip this over and ask yourself, what are the desires they so desperately want to achieve but can't on their own? How does the pain of not reaching that desire show up in their day to day. How are they frustrated with their current results? All right, the Define section, what is the power to blame? What are the reasons why they haven't been able to make progress on their own? What is keeping them stagnant? What is keeping them stuck where they are right now? Desired outcomes. What would they rather be experiencing now? Keep in mind these desired outcomes. Every time I say this, people turn to money. They they turn to big promises. Desired outcomes are just simply what's going to be different about their reality that they're not getting right now. It doesn't have to be some tangible, juicy, sexy promise, like the marketing world has told us. It is simply what is it about their reality that they rather be experiencing? IDH, this is where you now start thinking about your solution, and you start innovating, what is the big idea, or what is the new paradigm? So what is the big shift that they need to make in their beliefs or their approach? What is the thing that you help them implement that is different for my Dangerous Woman client, the big idea, or the new paradigm, was you get to become a dangerous woman. Through my teachings, you need to shed the identity of the complacent woman. You need to become the dangerous woman. How do you do that? Well, I have a specific set of tools and coaching strategies that help you do that. That's your prescription, your process. And then the last piece prototype, your differentiated approach, break down your tools and steps. What is it that you're actually doing with them? Even if this is super broad, like you don't need to work out the micro details of exactly what you do with people, ask yourself right now, if you're getting someone from point A to point B, what do you need to do what, what needs to happen? And go back to what we covered in the Q and A session where I talked about it's either a mess. You either have a skill set, you have a mission. There's something like what got you into business in the first place? What did you have to do to facilitate results for yourself or somebody else? They can just be overarching, big categories, right? If I was helping someone with brand building, even if I didn't have all the tools I have right now, I know that they probably need to be clear on the problem. They need to be clear on their ideal client. They need to be clear on their offer. Just write out the broad scope categories of what they need to do. And then, once they go through these teachings, what will they gain by doing this? What is their life, their business, their health, their relationships, what is that going to look like? Okay, now the key thing I want you guys to take away from all of this is you can take this entire framework and start writing content with it. If you were to write a piece of copy that says that calls out the need or the job that people want to solve. Explain that you understand how these are showing up in their day to day. Explain that you understand how they're not at fault. It's not your fault that you're feeling this. I know that you want to be feeling this instead. Here's my big shift, or here's the big approach that I want you adopt, to adopt differently when you work with me, here's how we do that, here's what you can expect, phase one, phase two, phase three. And once we do that, here's how here's what your life might look like. Do you guys see how this is basically a framework to a post like you could take this step by step and actually start writing content with it, and again, it might not feel natural at first, and I'm not one to give templates and frameworks and tell you exactly how to write posts, but if you are creating a minimal viable offer, or if you are taking a previous offer and you're wanting to position it differently, this is a very simple framework that you can execute to start writing about what it is that you do. What's the problem? How does it show up? What's causing them to be stuck there? What would they rather be experiencing? What do they need to change or shift? How do you do or how do you help them facilitate this? What can they expect, and what are the benefits? Simple yet effective. It's an offer post, not typical content. Yeah, exactly. This is an offer post. This is what I would this would constitute as copy, not content, because we're not necessarily, you know, getting them familiarized with who we are and how we think this is really when you're you're starting to build demand for what it is that you do. But notice how they need to understand that you you resonate with them, you understand their situation. What's making them think and feel this way before understanding why they would want to adopt your approach. We need to like, it's like a slide. We need to like, slowly slide them in a very frictionless way. From Hey, I see you. I know you got these issues. Listen, you're not at fault. I know this is where you want to be. Here's what we can do to shift that. Here's exactly how I do it differently. Here's what you can expect and here's what your life would look like. It's a basic breakdown to an offer. Post, okay, I know we're almost at time. I have quite a bit left to go through, but I think what I'm going to do is, after my calls today, I'm going to record a separate session and toggle it on to the recording that you guys will get based on what we talked about today. The next thing that we're going to go into is the awareness levels. We're going to go into market sophistication. We're going to get into brand positioning. And I know all that we've covered all the way up until now is already pretty, pretty heavy, so I'm not going to overwhelm you guys. I'm going to take the next eight or nine minutes or so just to see if there's any questions, comments, things that are coming up that I can help answer here. So Stephanie is saying, Can you show us an example? Can I show us an example of like that post that I had like the post framework? I'm assuming, yes, I can probably dig one up from one of my own content pieces, so I don't have one right off the top of my head that I can that I can think of and pull up. But absolutely, I've written a number of posts that fall into that category. And even when I'm doing assessments on other people's copy in one way, shape or form, it does fit into that model. The key thing that again, I want you guys to remember it is not necessarily that it needs to word for word follow that framework. But if you are building demand and building desire for something that you are selling, those are some of the key components that need to be covered in order for someone to see why your offer is relevant to them, right? If we just go straight into, hey, this is what your problem is. Here's what I provide, or here's what I sell. It's not going to cover all of the psychological basis of like, Does this person hear me? Does they do they see me? Do they empathize with my situation? What is the core shift I need to make? They need to understand all of those aspects so that they actually start seeing what you do as something that is viable. All right, let me

Speaker 1  1:52:59
just scroll up real quick and see if there's any other questions that I missed here. So questions that I missed here. So for people like me who are in the pre branding phase, could we start here? Yeah, I'm assuming you were talking about the like, make a minimal viable offer. Is that right? Faye or my Am I off? Yes, okay, yeah, that's exactly where I would start if you're in that phase of I don't necessarily know exactly what it is that I do, but I know I'm good, and I know I have a skill set that I want to utilize. The best way to further refine that skill set is to create something that you can go out there and test the key for you guys. And I'm going to like this is the one belief I'm going to hammer into you, if you can minimize the time between idea and execution and see everything as an experiment, meaning every idea that comes to you, that you think is going to be needed is going to be viable, is going to solve a relevant problem in your space. I want you to start talking to people about it. It doesn't mean to build a whole brand and a funnel and a logo and an offer around it. I want you to simply start putting it in front of people. Experiment with it, make a post and be like, Hey guys, I've noticed a lot of people complaining about this issue, and I'm actually putting together a solution that does this. Who's willing to join me for maybe three calls or four calls and seeing how we can solve this problem? I swear that was how I developed my entire business of being like, I'm noticing there's a lot of people having difficulty in expressing the value of their offer, and I didn't even know fully what their problem was. I just knew that so many people were complaining of that problem. And I said, Well, I'm really good at words. Let me see if I can help them. So I would get on calls for maybe a single session, like one on one, or I would build out a small like three to four week offer, get people on these calls and listen to what their problems are, and from there, by responding to their needs, by responding to their problems, I developed my own unique frameworks. Madison says, do you charge for these investigative sessions? Yes, because these are not market research calls. I am actively providing feedback. I am actively giving you resources and insight. Do. It's not that I'm just simply, you know, asking you questions and seeing what your problem is or prompting you with questions so that I can take information. What I'm doing is I'm I am solving your problem. I just don't have a validated process yet. I'm in the process of validating my process by asking you these questions and by solving your problems. And I would say there's probably, you know, 16 people that went through a one on one session with me at some point before I realized, okay, these are the five major areas that brands struggle with. They struggle with understanding their specialty, how to build demand, how to build a concept, how to build an offer, and then how to message that offer. Those were the things like I was looking at the patterns of questions that people came to me with, all right, Kevin, I still have a problem understanding the tangible results if you don't offer the tangible six pack, 10k find your soulmate. I think about it differently. So figure out tangible okay. So the one belief I want to specifically break you out of Kevin is that people are not buying the tangible results. That is what the marketing industry has taught us. I did not offer any tangible results for this program, and yet you guys signed up. What I focused was the process based outcomes. So the process based outcomes is, once you have a solid brand, what is going to enable you to do, once you feel secure and solid in your brand Foundation, what is that going to enable you to do? If I was making tangible promises, I would say that you know, within 90 days of getting outside of this program, you will be able to close your first five clients, right? I can't promise that, because I don't have control on that. Jessica says, well, the tangible result is brand identity clarity. Yes, exactly. But think about it, that's also not a tangible result. That is a process based result. I know that you guys desire having brand identity clarity. What is the brand identity clarity going to bring you it's going to bring you confidence. It's going to bring you peace of mind. You're going to know exactly what to talk about. Those are all process oriented. Kevin says it's not top of mind, though, I would argue it is. I would argue it is because the way that I messaged this program spoke to the inner anxiety fear. It spoke to the inner need that I know each of you had. Yeah, you mean what Jessica said? It's it's not top of mind. It is your job to demonstrate how to make it top of mind. So people are not waking up and saying, I need brand identity clarity, just like how people were not waking up and saying I need a pickleball instructor. But what they were saying is I need to find a better way to market my business. I need to find a better way to attract more aligned clients. I need to feel more confident in my content. I need to feel more confident in how I'm showing up online and in the way that I promoted this program. I said that if you're not feeling confident in how you're showing up, or if you've been creating, you know, post after post, and it's it's not getting traction, or if you feel like you've joined all these programs and you don't know what to do, all these formulas and frameworks, what you need is clarity on your brand identity, because without that brand identity piece, nothing is going to stick. You're going to feel like you're throwing spaghetti at the wall. So I made it desirable to you. I made it desirable because I met you where you were at and I said, if you are experiencing this and this and this problem, and if you're experiencing this and this and this symptom, and you want to be someone who stands out. You want to be the confident creator. You want to be the expert that is looked up to. You need to have a solid brand identity, and that's what I do inside this program. So there was no tangible promises made of how you are going to get clients, money, success. I didn't make any of those promises. I talked about the process of what is required of you to get there. I'm talk about packaging our process at all? I've been stuck with one on one sessions. Yes, yeah, we will have a session about that. No problem.

Speaker 1  1:59:14
Okay, so key takeaways from today, guys, I want you guys to think about whether you fall into the demand capture, or the demand creation side of things. So is your audience actively looking for the solution that you offer, or is it something that you're going to need to position so that they understand the relevance of it? So are you the pickleball instructor that is consistently talking about pickleball when people don't know why they would want a pickleball instructor. If that's the case, identify what is the job that they're looking to solve for pickleball dude, they were looking for a low impact way to get exercise that did not require them to be. Super athletic. It was a way to fill their afternoons with a fun activity without the risk of injury. So he was not selling pickleball, he was selling the outcome of you will have a very easy way to get physical exercise without the need to physically exert yourself. Or do you fall into the Dangerous Woman category? And that is, people are already looking for what it is that you're doing, but they need to understand what makes you different. So people were already looking for a life coach. People were already looking for someone that can help them become a better version of themselves, but they resonated with her definition of that. They resonated with the fact that she helps them become the woman who sets her boundaries, speaks her mind, walks into a room and commands the presence. That's who they wanted to become. They weren't just looking for a general life coach, all right. Stephanie says, when is our next Q A session? I'm actually looking at a couple of times and dates to have it next week. One of the things I actually considered doing, which I'm strongly leaning towards, is I'm going to pre record a module on building your framework so that you guys can consume it on your own time, so that next week, we're not going to have a teaching call, meaning it's not going to be a lecture call. You will actually have access to the recording to watch it whenever you please. We're going to have an implementation call. I had the idea last night, and I think I'm I think I'm going to do that. I could probably record the session by the end of this week and have it uploaded in there. But it uploaded in there by like Monday, and then we can use that call as an implementation session, so that you guys can either watch the call or not, or come to the call with questions, so it won't be like a formal Q and A we still have, we still will have more Q and A's, but at least that way, next week, you guys get to pick my brain on what to do rather than being lectured at we might do that. Eduardo says, Yeah, we need an implementation call. Yeah, absolutely. I think, I think that will be, that'll be a good idea. I saw the offer that Hermes had for this program, saw the woman that she was, and that's why I bought believe becoming the person who makes it happen. Yeah, exactly. She understood identity, nothing. Yep, that's it. And I think that's the, the core difference between building demand for your offer versus building demand for your brand is that you know, going back to what we talked about at the very, very first call, people are not just buying the solution that you have, they're buying the entire image and identity behind it. When you guys came into this program. And again, I don't have to keep using myself as an example. I could use plenty of my clients as examples. People are sold on who they are and their values. They're sold on how they're solving the problem. They're sold on their specialty and what makes them different about how they approach how they solve their problem. They're not necessarily looking at how to create the end result and then just going to the first person who makes them that tangible promise. They're watching you. And again, the market's gotten a lot more sophisticated. There's so many more people who are offering the same promises, and that's why I don't want you guys to compete on the tangible promises, because so many other people can make the same promises. I want you guys to compete on, or maybe not compete on, becoming that category of one. What is it about your values, your your your ethos, the way that you operate, the person that you are, behind the scenes, that gets people sold on who you are. All right, last quick question, will we talk about how to infuse your personality specifically and build a connection? Yes, we're going to have a whole call dedicated to brand essence, and I've got something called the authority architecture that helps you understand you know, not only how do you position yourself as an expert, but how do you become likable? So yeah, we will. We will definitely do that. Amazing guys. All right, gotta hop off for the next call. I am going to record the second half of this training and post it hopefully by the end of the day. I'm just gonna have to do it after my one on one calls today, so you guys will probably get it a little bit later tonight. Okay, sounds good. All right, I'll see you guys next week, and actually, I'll see you guys Thursday for our guest expert session, but have a great rest of your days. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai