Speaker 1  01:02
Good Morning or wait, it's not morning, it's afternoon.

Unknown Speaker  01:05
Good afternoon.

Unknown Speaker  01:06
Yeah, all of our volumes are all up,

Unknown Speaker  01:09
bunch of geniuses. If

Unknown Speaker  01:10
you're in California, it's still good morning. Oh,

Speaker 1  01:13
I guess it is. Technically, it's good morning here too, because it's Oh, yeah, it's not noon, yeah, it's not noon yet. Yeah, um, glad to have you with us on the podcast. We

Unknown Speaker  01:24
got Japan morning.

Speaker 1  01:27
Okay? Japan's tomorrow here in Okinawa, watching this. Good morning. Tim and Bruce back with us. We are going to jump back into first, John, we're going to finish up, Lord willing, we'll finish up chapter two. I don't see why we shouldn't, but I did ask the guys to just share something positive today, something something that the Lord's blessed you with to varying degrees of enjoyment, and I won't let you start.

Speaker 2  01:59
Oh, are we doing that right now? Yeah. All right, awesome. Top of the it's part of the intro. I like it.

Speaker 1  02:05
I like, wait, no, we didn't do the intro. We didn't do the intro. We're gonna do blessings, and we're gonna do first John chapter two. We'll be back in a minute. I forgot the intro. You

Speaker 1  02:30
welcome back to TV Land, yeah. TV Land, I like it. Bruce, yes, sir, give us something positive. Oh, um,

Speaker 2  02:39
way back in the beginning of 2021, or 2022 I can't remember. The Lord kind of showed me that my this next season of my life was going to be about all about family. And I had, I thought I knew what he meant by that. And as we've gone along, he's done some crazy stuff. And I got to meet last Friday in person. My sister, my mom, had a daughter who's two years older than me, and I never got like she got taken away from her and such. So I never got to meet her, never got to be around her, any of that good stuff, nice. So we met in person Friday night, and that was cool. It was good. It was the first, first meeting. Yeah, yeah. And then Sunday, she came and watched me preach, and then we went to lunch afterwards. And at lunch, she sat beside Sandy. And here's the blessing part, she sat beside Sandy, and her husband sat beside Hudson. Her husband, Steve, and her name's Tina, and, man, I was almost like, left out with conversation. It was, it was so cool watching Sandy just licked, yeah, no, they've been sisters their whole lives. And I was like, Okay, that's cool. Yeah, cool watching that kind of, yeah. So that, that was my blessing. Cool, Tim, you

Unknown Speaker  04:00
got anything?

Unknown Speaker  04:01
You go first.

Unknown Speaker  04:03
That means, no,

Unknown Speaker  04:06
actually, I do No, well, then you go, No, you go first. Okay,

Speaker 1  04:09
I'll go first. Um, mine's actually, I got, I have two small ones, and they're not big things. But I guess I'm kind of in a season where little things are appreciated. There's been so much going on. It's just, you know, it's just been, been one of those times. And I guess these kind of all string together. There's two or three kind of but it's all one big thing, you know. I mean, a year ago we went to cross brand little last well, it'll be a year this past July, because I was preaching and Eli was killed and all that, we just never left. And one of the things that was just kind of really bumming me out up to that point was I just didn't get to speak a lot, to get to preach a lot, and I just missed it. Yeah, and. Gotten to really do that exercise my gifts. That's been a real blessing. One of the things as a ministry that we do is, you know, try to be available for places like Baxter, falva, right? We've gone, Tim and I spent, what, three months at Fruitvale couple years ago to just fill in China grove. I know Tim. You do the one over there for these small churches that don't have a lot of help, right? I mean, that's a big deal. And we've actually talked with a guy at church the other day that he's got a guy. Forget where he told me this guy lived. Maybe it was grapeland. Grapeland. He's a pastor. Yeah, he was just talking about how he didn't have any money, um, and then got to fill in for Mike a couple of times here, you know, last night, night before, and then we'll be filling in again Sunday. He's not feeling well, yeah, um, that's just been a real blessing to be able not just to speak, because I enjoy it, but just give him a break and to see our ministry as a whole, kind of growing into this place to where we're getting some traction. Yeah, it's hot. It's surprisingly difficult to get traction in a little, I mean, because we're not backed by anybody that anybody knows. They don't know us from Adam, right? And just knowing, it's just been neat to watch, um, and then this is a silly one, but as I was looking at, okay, we're doing Bible characters on Sunday, I was talking with Tammy about, hey, who you want to hear about, you know? And she offers up mashiba, Fifth, Oh, yeah. And I was like, I just fell in love with you all over again, because you Mephibosheth. But anyway, and that's a silly one, but it was just the fact that I appreciate the fact that my wife studies the word she's in the word every day, and she came up with Mephibosheth. That's cool that I don't know that I'm going to do my chef, but jump on that one in a heartbeat. We may we and I may. It was her choices were that remember Mephibosheth, Abigail or Mordecai. Those were her three options. Like man, those are all three good cuz I just did Shama David's mighty man, which 900 people. And I was like, Who else ever heard a message on Shema? Nobody. My favorite stories Absolutely, anyway, just been a blessing to be able to be used and to see my wife. Isn't that cool? Yeah, alright, Tim,

Speaker 3  07:24
Well, mine's not like a monster's proportions, like y'all are, necessarily. But I

Unknown Speaker  07:29
thought my little MIDI,

Speaker 3  07:31
well, I mean, there's, I think that, or at least for me, you know, blessings are, it is a day to day thing, and the one I have is really from last night. But you know, even when I I'm going to use the term called in the ministry, which happened sometime back, the fact that he still wants me to be involved in some kind of a ministerial function. And I don't mean just formally, like showing up at a church, but I mean just like this, yeah, right. And so I say that because so we have been teaching it or teach people doing our study the Bible course. And right now we're doing it at in falba. Uh, what kind of church is that? The Full Gospel, Full Gospel Church, yeah, so Matt couldn't go last night. Normally, when we do these things, you know, he, he's the front runner. It's his program. He built it, put it together. I mean, all of it, right? And I'm just kind of running around on those coattails and but because of our teaching dynamic, you know, we we kind of fill in each other on various places and reading the crowd, and so to speak. And anyway, last night, I had to go do it on my own, and went up there. And so I me being me. I can't follow a direction for nothing. So I kind of jerked out of the middle of it and pulled it in. Well, for that particular crowd, it actually worked out pretty well. And we were trying to train on terms of using the program and what we were actually using as the study part and, and we're talking about a room full rednecks in there, right there. They're like me, you know? They they really didn't have great educational functions or anything like Right? And they were man, they were locked in. They were just, I don't even know what the word to use,

Speaker 2  09:33
focused. Well, they were focused. And they were

Speaker 3  09:38
getting things that in terms of tools, right? And what, how to associate what that really meant. And they were going, Man, this is like the coolest thing ever, and, and that's not, it was cool seeing that all the effort that really that Matt, you know, Matt was talking about our ministries taking off. So speak well. Mean, he's been digging in this thing for 10 or 15 years. And so it was cool to watch that transpire, seeing people get it, I guess you could break it down to a small denominator, absolutely not just getting it. Like, I think they should get it right. They were, it was like, I can actually use this. Yeah, you know that was the thing. And I think

Speaker 1  10:22
you just leaned out of the spring. Want to put you some blue tape. Don't go, Hi, Tim, we were talking about we had Kim and I were actually talking about that, though, on the phone last night, as I was coming home, we were just checking in see how things went when we were in Mexico doing this with the pastors, right? Um, it was amazing to both of us, the impact that such simple tools made on them, right? And partly because there was this at this feeling of nobody comes to help us anymore, right? Like,

Speaker 3  11:03
yeah and over. People had been in the ministry for 20 or 30 years.

Speaker 1  11:07
One of the guys said that Tim was the last American that came into hamave. Yeah, 15 years ago. Yeah, 1617, years ago. Now,

Speaker 2  11:17
you know, yeah, I gotta be careful not to get off on that. But yeah, go ahead. No, no, it it? It's I used to have a point of view where I kind of I had a certain view of these smaller churches of what was going on, and as the Lord has kind of turned that for me and shown me the bigger picture a lot of times it's because nobody's helping them. Yeah, they got no support. They got no help. Yeah, and, you know, we're doing a great job. I think of, I think we could do a better job, but we're doing a pretty good job, at least in this region, from what I see of discipling younger folks to move into roles. But, you know, too often they want to move into a role making a full salary. Yeah, you know, a church of 20 or 30 folks can't do that. No,

Speaker 1  12:13
you know when, when I was even at at Martin's mill, even when it was, I think, when I started pastoring there in 2007 fall of 2007 we're talking 125 people, right? Um, really difficult to to generate what really is a full time salary now. Yeah, a lot of times what happens is pastors, because it's our pastor's heart. This is really not a topic that we were planning to talk about, but it's a

Speaker 3  12:39
good one, no, but I think it still fits in the context I'm with you. I'm sitting

Speaker 1  12:43
here going, but it's, there's a great tie in here. Yeah, because, and I guess the preview to First John two would be, it's easy to fall into traps of this world. And one of those traps being, I've gotta have X or I've gotta do Y, and it's gotta be done a certain way. You gotta be full time, whatever, well. And so a lot of what pastors will do on these little churches, because their hearts, they have a shepherd's heart, not an entrepreneurial heart, is they'll just do it and be living, not even living paycheck to paycheck, living hand to mouth, right? Yeah, right. Like, there's a reason. There's a saying that says we're, you know, been poor as church nice, you know. But and I respect that, you know. And I've always, when I go to these conferences, I've always on my feedback. I always put, take the take the mega church pastors off the stage. I want to hear from the guy that's been in the same place on the backside of Podunk, USA for 50 years, feeding the same flock and their kids and their grandkids, and he's baptizing them, and he's doing their weddings, and he's done a bunch of their funerals, and he's just there, right? I want to hear from that guy, yeah, you know, and it was such a blessing though, to hear that testimony from folks at falva, because we hear that everywhere we go and do this. I don't care if it's the backside of the moon or if it's first Baptist of wherever, yup, the people who come are people who are interested in learning how to get into God's word and know who he is, amen. If they don't want to do that, they ain't coming to this thing, right? But when they do, it is amazed me how many people been in the church, literally, since birth, and they're walking with the Lord for 30 years, and just the world is open to him because of a silly little tool that we showed them, oh, yeah, where they can open up, I can actually study the Greek, yeah. And they don't have to know Greek,

Speaker 3  14:39
and it's not hard, and I don't have to know it. And yeah, yeah, yeah, the connotations of how they think that works, and all of a sudden that's

Speaker 1  14:46
not part of it, because I when I was taking one of my courses in prep for the PhD program at Midwestern it's a high level, seminary level. It wasn't a master's level course, and it was. Have a transitionary course on on stuff. And I encountered some guys in there that really discouraged what we're doing right and the right because of what they were their their thing was, is, if you can know just enough to be dangerous and really get it

Speaker 2  15:17
wrong, you know, that's the Dark Ages. That's the dark ages tying the Bible to the pulpit exactly, I can get, I can get fired up on that well,

Speaker 1  15:27
and I will tell you, and Tom, we're talking about blessing, being a, being a senior pastor in western American church culture is hard. It really is. Yeah, yeah. And it's not hard for the reasons you would think it's hard. It's not hard because of biblical reasons. It's not even necessarily hard. It is hard because you're, you're always walking on the fringes of people's lives, right? You're walking through every trek there's, let's just say, there's 40 families where you're getting to walk through the fringes of tragedy with all 40 of them, right? And they walk through it with one or two or three in their one group. And that's hard, yeah, but the really hard part about being a pastor in the Western American church, and I'd specifically will label it that way, with our labels last week, is the stuff that we get trapped in, and it really does tie into the first John chapter two, no, because a lot of it is the lust of the flesh, the pride of life and and those sort of things. It's not really when I got you know Randy Sinclair, I love brother Randy. I do too. He really, and I'll, I'll just have to tag him when this gets to Facebook and tell him he mentioned him, um, at a trach Deus weekend. He literally was used by God to change the trajectory of my entire ministry. Yup, by convincing. And Tim has been saying something very similar with different language for a long time, but I always struggled with, well, what am I supposed to do if I'm not at the pulpit all the time, right? Not that guy, right? How do you do this, you know, right? And he was the he really let me have. I didn't the first time I'd met this home guy that just, I mean, I didn't know, he's got them at him. And he ripped into me a little bit, right? I mean, like a father to a son, he's right. I don't know how old Randy is, but he's right. He's, well, my senior, yeah, and, and at first I was really taken aback by that, but it literally changed the trajectory to put me in a mindset that the dogs were yipping, yeah, of understanding that here, I'll help you, Tim, I'll just come over here. I'll it put me in a mindset of understanding that 90% 95% maybe, of the ministry that I get to do that's really impact with what Tim was talking about, right, is not being in that one that's right, that's right, and embracing that understanding that has been such a blessing. Yeah, and unlike 10, a lot of times, I think, Why in the world? You know? Why us, right? But, but the the honest truth is, is, I'm I find and I'm not trying to to puff us up. I'm not trying to say that. It's just a reality and an observation. Yeah, we experienced it with the even with the local Southern Baptist. When we were at Martin's mill, I was always trying to get missionaries to come in, and after years of failure, I couldn't get one, not one, no one ever came in 10 years of being there, and they finally told me, it's because you're so small, they have to really, you know, bang for buck. And, you know, there's a practical side that I get that. But then it makes me step back and go. But what kind of process are we, what are we actually fostering here, right? And, you know? And I'm like, I can't sell missions, as it were, and you don't want to sell missions, but it's hard to say give to these nameless, faithless people that you'll never see into these situations that you'll ever experience, right? Yeah. And then when Tim came in and started taking us to Nicaragua and Mexico and stuff like that. Everybody that went everyone to the person. It changed their abs, not just changed their change their life. It changed their view of the kingdom. It changed their view of church, Amen and all of that. To say, just being able to shepherd in the body, without title, without position, yeah, has been an extremely rewarding and I'm and I'm watching you guys do it all the time, right, you know, and, and it's just good stuff, um, First John chapter two. We've just got through talking through the first part of the church, First John chapter. Y'all realize this is, like, a tiny little letter, and we were on, like, week four, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 3  19:46
um, we probably go a lot longer than that, but that's neither John's letters are deep,

Speaker 1  19:51
man, yeah, yeah. This cat I was talking last night about, you know, how young he probably was, you know? And I remember, you know, I was like. All of the apostles were young when they were walking with Jesus, right, early or late teens. Yeah, probably, probably early 20s at the most. Yeah, and John comes in like he's the kid. He's the runt. And with the language, you know, him crawling, it sounds like, when you read it in the the Greek and the, you know, like even some of the Aramaic in the Gospels. It sounds like he crawled up in Jesus lap, right? It's not just like he was, you know, doing this. It wasn't the, there's an affectionate Yeah, and he talks about Jesus differently. His his gospel is not one of the Synoptic Gospels. It's different, yeah, his perspectives are different. It's likely that he was really young, which makes me want to know about his family history. You know, yeah, who? Who did? But there's another thing that had hit me last night. I don't want to monolog here, but it's just it gets into what he's about to say, if he were that young, let's just say he was 10 or 11, right? Let's just say, in their culture. That's remember Hannah and Samuel, right? When you had somebody who's had this priestly in the Old Testament, the priestly call, they turned their kids over to the, yeah, come on and you just let them go. You turn them over to the Lord. They kind of did that with the rabbinical teaching in the in the early Jewish church, right?

Unknown Speaker  21:18
Um,

Speaker 1  21:20
I'm not a, I'm not a scholar on on that. So I'm curious. I was amazing, you know, sees this and like, you know, the history, but I know that they would do that as they got up, you know, right? I want to say middle school age, or whatever it was. I just wonder if that's kind of what was happening here, right? And I don't know. I'm not asserting that it is, yeah, but there's a feeling absolutely, and I wish somebody who, who knows it, would see this and research and let us know, but I just because there's a feel like Jesus raised him, that's what I'm really Yeah, yeah, absolutely, as as, almost as a son, yeah, for three years, and then the other guy. And if that be true, I can almost just see the the big brothers kind of coming in with John, yeah, and you can even see that in some of the Spats. Why is he special? Yeah, yeah, you know. Well, and then Jesus, like, It's none of your business if he lives forever, you know, kind of stuff. And you can see that interplay that would, you would have amongst brothers. I'm not asserting that that's canon. I'm just, I'm wondering, yeah, simply because John's relationship was different, yeah, which is when we get to, that's good observation, when we get to chapter one and verse 12, to me, that gives context. This is later in his life, and you still see that tenderness coming through. Yeah, yeah. You know, I don't necessarily think we need to read it every word, but he says, I'm writing to you little children because you've been forgiven. Then he says, I'm writing to you fathers because you've come to know the one who's from the beginning. And he says, I'm writing to you children. It's interesting that he has little children and children, right and right? Is that a linguistic, you know, tool that he's using. Is that significant? What do y'all think? And

Speaker 2  23:02
CSB, yeah, that's what I got to it. It says children, fathers and young men. Oh, yeah, I skipped young men. Yeah, yeah. And then back to children again,

Speaker 1  23:17
and the fathers again, yeah. Tim, you had some thoughts on that. What you thought the significance of? Well, it's

Speaker 3  23:23
easy to read that and start parking and trying to figure out what his perspective is. And you said something, John's letters are deep, right? But I don't think he's trying to get intellectually deep. No, there's he's trying to explain what he is seeing, yeah. Uh, Revelation. The Book of Revelation is a good example of that. And I don't mean he's and he's he's trying to live in it, too, but at the age he was at when he wrote this thing, he's been living in it. He's been showing it, not just preaching it. He's not, it's not like a lot of people would assume, you know, because I'm hold the pastorship of a church. This is just an example. It actually happens outside the church too, but you hold this position, so to speak, and a lot of people can see that you're just trying to do everything you can to meet up to that office. You're not really, you know, you're still growing and developing in it and all that kind of stuff, right? That's not what's happening here. He's actually been there, and he's going through the the struggle of trying to get other people to see it. And so the new, the New Living Translation, I think, is a is a good translation rendering of that. So like in verse 12, he says, I am writing to you who are God's children, a perspective function, is why I say that, right? And, and it's relative to the other stuff, because your sins have been forgiven through Jesus, and he just went through all that. And the stuff we'd studied, I'm writing to you who are mature in the faith, where he says, fathers, right? Because you could get into that and go see he's talking to the men. He talking to the women. You know. I don't think that's the case necessarily, and it's certainly not an argument to be had. And then he says, or he says, I'm writing to you who are mature in the faith, because you know Christ who existed from the beginning. And in the other translations, it's, it's because you know Him who has been from the beginning so so mature people. You can see things here already, whether you can articulate em or run through em or not, but you also have the experience to know how you have to push through things that are going messed up, right, right? And then he says, I'm writing you who are young in the faith. He's talking about young men and the other translations, because you have won your battle with the evil one. I really don't have a great interpretation of what that means, but simply it could just mean the fact that you are saved, because he's talking to people that are in that condition, right? And he expounds on that little further down here, I've written to you who are

Unknown Speaker  26:06
the skipped it. Sorry,

Speaker 3  26:10
mature beginning. I'm writing you who are young in the faith. Oh, here you go. I am writing you who are young in the faith, talking about children. Now, not little children, but the children. And this is it's, I think it's a perspective difference you who are young in the faith, because you have won your battle with the evil one, and then in 14, it says, I have written to you who are God's children, going back to the little children thing, uh, I've written to you who are God's children, because, you know, the father. And I, I think that's pretty simple. And from the fact that in talking about whether it's mature or somebody who's in the beginning of the faith, is that we have this function where, if you've been saved, and you know, it my salvation, all I know how to describe it is, I was sitting there, there was preaching going on at the time, and God basically just sat on me, and the spirit was like, I'm God. Do you know who I am? And I went, No, yes, and I believe that that's who you are. That's all I had. Yeah, that's the faith of a child. Well, I'm not trying to put myself in a mirror. I'm just saying, when you talk to one of your children and they know their mom and dad's voice in a group full of people too. Yeah, that simple. There's no intellectual prowess to it. Or you

Speaker 1  27:26
try somebody's brand new. I recently had somebody's like, I'm not sure what to pray here. We'll just pray what you got. Man, yeah, yeah. I mean, it doesn't matter, God, see, in your heart anyway, that's where the spirit comes in and will. And it's not even that that's even too dogmatic. It's just like,

Speaker 3  27:42
I would tell you that you're responding, he's calling and talking to you, and you're at the creation. You're going, nothing's ever dealt with me like that. Yes. Well, then I

Speaker 1  27:52
noticed something in here. Before we even get to the next section. What he's does in verse 14 is he just repeats himself, yeah, and, and there's a reason for that, yeah. And there's repetition, you know, but he's, he's doing that, but it you always want to read in the context. And because I taught him Chapter Three last night, it's in my mind, right? He's going to, in chapter three, build this. It's not building a case for it, but it's to highlight the fact of he's writing this to people who are God's children? Yes. And one of the things that I was explaining last night was, you know, people like to say everybody is a child of God. That's the world and, and there's accuracy to that in that every human being is a child of God in the creative order sense,

Speaker 3  28:38
and that, I think that's the right way to interpret it and but go ahead,

Speaker 1  28:42
but in verse, in chapter three, he starts making a distinction between being a child of God in the creation sense, like just because you're a human, yes. And then there are members of the family child of God. There's a there is a distinction. And he, he really lays that out, starting in three, and there's scriptures all over the place, but he's

Speaker 3  29:06
actually building up to that to the latter part of two. He is, well, he is.

Speaker 1  29:10
And I think what he's, what he's doing here. He's like, I'm writing you this, whether you take it as literal chronology, little kids, kids, men, whatever, or not. It's not an either or, or, or. Then, if you interpret it as maturity levels, or whatever he's like, What? What is it that he boils it down to? In this last part goes, I'm writing you this for three reasons. Yeah, because you know, God, you're strong in the word and you've conquered the evil one. Those three things are the qualifiers. Yeah, that got them to be recipients of this letter, yeah. And he's like, you have those three things because your children, he's going to, he's going to tie that into in verse, chapter three. You know God, you know the word. You. And it's strong in you. You're strong because of it. You've conquered the evil one, yeah, because you're family, yeah.

Speaker 2  30:08
And if you read John 16, the last part of 32

Unknown Speaker  30:13
John the book, not, yeah, uh,

Speaker 2  30:16
yet I am not alone, because the Father is with me. I've told you these things so that in me, you may have peace. And if you read that whole section there that Tim just that we just went over, it's basically saying the same thing again. All of this says, Hey, you're not alone. In Me, you have peace. And then this is kind of the qualifier down here. Yeah, right. I get it

Speaker 1  30:40
well. And because I was one of the things I brought out last night, and it just does, I think the spirit, as I was really struggling with how to, I just wasn't, I was like, this is going to be boring, I don't know. And, you know, and it just is what it is. And I really was praying about, Lord, what is it that you're really trying to and the thing that he gave me, and we talked about it, I ran out of time, and I only got through three verses, right? Was

Unknown Speaker  31:03
that? And he was picking on up well

Speaker 1  31:07
again, but being in the family means something. Yeah, and he's writing, he's writing this letter to members of God's family. You, you can be a part of creation and not be a part of God's family. My kids used to have friends come over when they were younger, and we always treated them like they're our own. You know, you do that with your kids friends and they're with you. When they're with you, you treat them the same, but it's not the same, right? They're not your kid. If something happens to you, those those kids aren't getting your inheritance, right, right? There's privileges, and I got you privileges and responsibilities that go with being in a family, yeah? Like, yeah, things you get. I don't pay for other people's kids, phones and gas and stuff, but I help my own right? But there's also responsibilities that come with being in a family, like, you gotta take out the trash, help more the yard, keep your room, that kind of thing. And when, as we get into verse 15, I think he's really studying the stage here that what, everything I'm about to tell you, I'm telling you because you're family, right, right, just because you're

Speaker 3  32:15
real family, not, not what, what would be the word like, what you're talking about. When you have other people's kids, you just treat them like your own, right? Own. It's not that. It's not

Speaker 1  32:24
relational, family. It's like, I mean, it's not not relation, it's not like acquaintance, family. It's like, that's a good yeah, talking about, you are the family well, and it even transcends biological Yes. You know the analogies that I was given last night, they kept the, I think the spirits kept coming to mind. It's like you can even have real con well, your sister's a great example. She's family, right? Yeah, there's history or not history, there's absence of it. But at the end of the day, yeah, it's easy to pull it together, yeah. It's yeah, yeah. And you can, and you can suffer things for family that you may not be willing to suffer for other people, but what I found is that I have spiritual brothers and sisters, that the relationship transcends even my biological relationship. Yeah, by a long shot,

Speaker 2  33:16
well, that the situation with my sister that was that, that I didn't get to that part, but she is. She's a she's a believer, she's a Christ follower. She's doing ministry so that whenever we biologically in flesh, got together and got to meet, our spirits had already been, had already been meshed years ago. Well, in one

Speaker 1  33:41
of the scriptures, I forget the reference. Now, is it Romans? Maybe in Romans eight, I forget is Romans or Galatians one where he says, The Spirit, the Spirit, capital S bears witness with my spirit that we are children of God, yeah. And when you meet another child of God, yeah, you know. And I, I've said this analogy before, and you guys are in this camp I'm about to talk about, and not in a bad way, but I know people I have, I would even call them spiritual acquaintances, right? Yeah, that they go to church. Maybe we're even in the same church, right? Um, they're not bad people, but they're just kind of, they're just doing church, right? Good folks, friends, yep, yep, come on. And there's another set of people. Sometimes they're in that same environment, sometimes they're not, right, but when you encounter them, even from the first time, right, it's like, ooh, this cat's different. Yeah, there's a draw, a knit. Tim and I talk about our souls being knit together. Why are we even friends? I don't know. We don't have the same interest. We don't, you know, but when your Spirit bears witness with the spirit and someone else's spirit there is it's different. And. No, I don't have the linguistic capacity to articulate, right? Because it's a supernatural bond. That's who he's talking to here, right? You're not just regular schmoes. Oh, and by the way, that's when it's important, when he's about to jump into, right? I

Unknown Speaker  35:18
mean, talking about so,

Speaker 3  35:23
on a practical function here, explain one more time what you were talking about. How he was addressing the the fathers, the young men and the children say that one more time he

Speaker 1  35:35
was, you know, God, the word is strong in you, and you've overcome the evil one.

Speaker 3  35:39
So I want everybody to put that in the context. Is it Philippians two working out your salvation with fear and trembling, because we're always wondering about doing God's will and that kind of thing. And I think that John was just like what Matt said. Matt said he doesn't have the linguistic capability to tell you exactly. And I think John was suffering with the same thing, right? That's why his letters seem kind of disjointed or deep, or however it is. You want to say that, but it is very simple, and so it's not complex. It's easy to look at things and say, well, it's deep. What we're really saying is it's too complex for me to grab a hold of it. Don't think that's happening on any level whatsoever. It's,

Speaker 1  36:25
it's what is the definition of holy. Holy is different other. It literally translates to other than right. It's just right. It's, it's outside the scope of what we can even define. That's what holy means. Okay? It's not just set apart. It's right, different. Yeah. I mean, there have been times where we've been in the hospital with Brent or whatever, and friends would show up and just be there. There's no way to articulate when Eli died, there were and people just showed up. There's nothing that was overtly done. There was no formula. There was no we did this and it was good. It was just, how do you put that into words? The bond that you feel, you know, the people you've been to combat with them, you there. And the reason it's hard to articulate is because it's other than, right, yeah, it's it's, it's kingdom stuff is outside of the context of the earthly stuff. Yeah, and he's, I think he's addressing that here. Don't be afraid of the world, because, you know the father, right? He's your dad. You the word is strong in you. You've already overcome the evil one. Now, do not love the world and the

Speaker 2  37:41
things of the world. Tim said this a few times in the last couple of weeks. He's kind of wrapping it up one more time and saying, Hey, you have everything you need. Yes,

Speaker 3  37:50
yeah, that's what John Yeah, yeah. I keep making a big deal out of that, because I see that in Peter's writings. I see it in Paul's writings, yeah, it's a commonality that I keep seeing through all these things, you have everything, and however they're saying it, and they say those things, and then they come back, and they go, Okay, here's, you know, the stuff you've been asking me about, or whatever. And then they always, in one way or another, seem to come back out of the backside of that, going, quit sweating over this stuff, right? You have it. Press on, which is why I keep going back to this is what he's talking about, working out your fear, your salvation and fear and trembling is, is because you are equipped. He equipped you, and he's giving you that capacity. And now you're just getting to work over the choice and the not choice, which is kind of gets off in the next thing there, right? He says that verse 15. So now he switches. Do not love the world, nor the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him, for all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, the boastful pride of life, is not from the Father. Remember, we're talking about darkness last week, right, right? And so, but it that is from the world. Verse 17, the world's passing away. Yeah, all those things that he just said. And so,

Unknown Speaker  39:20
what was that? Verse 15? I don't know what you wrote. 17, Yeah, hold on.

Speaker 3  39:26
So everybody thinks I'm going to the New Living Translation. Is what I live my life on. It's not really I'm looking because it gives a good definition in English. Verse 15, do not love the world, nor the things that offers you for when you love the world, you do not have the love of the Father in you for the for the world offers only a craving for physical pleasure, a craving for everything we see, and a pride of our achievements and possessions. I think that that is an accurate translation of what he was talking about when. Explain that. Yeah, it is now listen, that hit me right between eyes, because I measure my success. If you want to talk about church work right in ministry of if I do something, what kind of response am I going to get back on that, or what I'm looking for, because it elevates whether, listen, I'm right or not. Yeah, John's going, Yeah, that's not the measure. That's good, and that's hard to

Speaker 1  40:31
grasp well. And one of the things that the lust of the flesh, a lot of people use this passage to to talk about, don't drink, smoked, chew right around women that do and not that that's wrong, not that that just can't apply here. But that's really not what he's get. He's not really talking about just make sure that you're doing everything right. He

Speaker 2  40:53
kind of literally saying, from what Tim just said, he's kind of literally saying, even being right can be done wrong

Unknown Speaker  41:01
Exactly. Well, it's

Speaker 3  41:02
even like the shadow and the reality exactly, exactly. Because he's saying, if you're living your life by trying to measure, you're doing right by doing these things, yeah, all that's passing away Absolutely. And you're going to be like, What am I supposed to do to know what's happening here? Who would I

Speaker 1  41:18
forget? The guys like a 15th century theologian, or whatever that said his goal? He said, My goal is to be faithful and die unknown or something like that, and be forgot, to die be forgotten, be faithful or something and live for Jesus, die and be forgotten or something. I don't remember how it goes, Yeah, but it's like his only metric, right was, am I being faithful to the Lord? Yeah. And in this one, I the the context. In this one for me too. We were talking about this whole we live and operate our faith in a western context, not like cowboy context, I guess I do it cowboy church. But I mean not like, I mean like Western Hemisphere, right? And I've gotta have my a better but it's not a cowboy hat. My wife home anywhere in public,

Unknown Speaker  42:09
thank God. And

Speaker 1  42:13
and the the churches that we're in are Western churches. Now, I was telling somebody the other day on I get to speak at cross brand. There's sunny one 900 people in the room. And I love that, right? That's really for me. That's just fun. I love doing it, but it was really awesome to sit down with 15 people in Thelma, yeah, yeah, yeah, and and watch them have maybe sometimes even more of a response, yeah, yeah, than a larger group, just because of the intimacy of it, or whatever. And it's so easy in the church, in the culture that we're in in the West in America, even in East Texas, where even the small churches get trapped into this the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes and the pride of possessions can be a pride over a church building. It can be pride over a position or, oh, yeah, yeah. It can be wanting to have, man, I wish my church was as big as your church. How many did y'all have? And we like to think that that doesn't happen. When I first started pastoring in Stanford, I went to the minister's Council, or what do they call them? When all the preachers in town get together, you know, once a month or something, yeah, and they'd, we'd have lunch and sit around, it's

Unknown Speaker  43:30
like the first thing they say, oh, man, I

Speaker 1  43:32
was 20 years old. Yeah, first church, you know, right on it. Church was 20 people. I was 20. The next youngest was in their 60s, and, you know, just barely survive it, right, right? And it literally was

Unknown Speaker  43:50
that that's good training. Hi,

Unknown Speaker  43:52
I'm Bob. I have 85

Speaker 1  43:54
people. Well, we, we sat down to eat, and literally, the first 20 minutes was them complaining about their deacons, you know, and how this and that and and it was just a total negative, whatever. And it was ministerial alliance, is what they called it, right? And I never went back, but I had befriended this Independent Baptist pastor that was in town. I don't know how we met. We just did, but he didn't go right. And I was having lunch with him. I was like, why don't you go to these things? And he was like, Have you been to any? And I said, I said, I've been to one. And that was all I could handle. And he said, There you go. And he said, because it's everybody's worried

Speaker 3  44:35
about, basically a gossip fest when you get in there and gripe and complain, it can be, it can be. And now, now, not all of them, but I'm saying that that's a good example of what no complaints are crazy for everything. And I've also

Speaker 1  44:49
been involved in something I watched love thy neighbor in Athens and Henderson County. Well, these cats get together and it's just about the kingdom. Man, yeah, like some. And the difference was, instead of being com. Politician, right? They're in collaboration, right? Yes, that's a good and they're in unity, yeah? Versus, you know, oh, yeah, be careful of so and so. They left our church. Now they're coming to you that kind of stuff, yeah, um, but it's easy to get into, well, I want to, I want to stay here for a little while, then I'll go to a bigger church. It must stay here. And that was what you're talking about. About. It's really easy to get caught in that. Yeah, that cycle of professionalism. Mm, and there again, I don't have any problem with right, especially, you know, a church that's big enough, I mean, you gotta have somebody that's available, but lots of stuff going on, you may need 15 or 22 staff members. Yeah, in some places I get it, it's, it's a big organization. At the same time, it's just easy to get caught up in trying to define what the response is supposed to be, right? Cuz you never know. And he's saying, hey, remember, you know the Father, the Word is strong in you, yeah, and you overcome the evil one, yeah, already, yep. Just be careful as you move forward, right? You've got everything you need. Just don't let this junk trip you up. And that goes for, and I put that in the context of church world, but because you in your marriage,

Speaker 3  46:08
yeah, yeah. So everything that we just said in in there, you know, the craving for physical pleasure, craving for everything we see, and pride of our achievements and possessions that we're not just talking about church world here, use that as an object lesson. But take those and you put them in your daily walk of where you are, because you may be a nobody from nowhere, where you work in your community. May just show up to church. You don't really have any involvement in terms of, you know, Sunday school teachers, or any of that kind of stuff. And I don't mean that in a bad way, right? Uh, where are you taking your metrics, that you want and that you have and that you'll invest in for an identity purpose, right? Right? Because if you're doing that, and that may not necessarily be bad, but if that's how you have to do it to see that you're making ground in one form or another, that's the darkness he was talking about that you can go off into and it may look good and be received well by everybody, and, oh, you're doing it right. And I wish I could do it that way. And five years from now, you find out how big of a hole it really was. And so, well, how do I know that? Now, I don't know how to tell you that, but I know that if you love God and your heart's perfect toward him. That may be a train ground he's going to drag you through, and then one day he's going to just turn the light on, and you're going to get into that, oh, man, I messed that up. You can live in that, or you can stand up and keep going right talking

Speaker 1  47:36
about corporate when you work in the corporate world. I work in the corporate world, and I have family members that work in like, these huge corporations, right and everything. It's not even just a stereotype. It's just the way it is. Is about getting to the next level, getting to this manager, getting to a partner, getting to this right, and stepping on who it really is. The world out there people take their identity, yeah, oh, yeah. But when I was working at vantone Early on, I remember you and I having conversations, because Tim was my supervisor there about, you know, it's like, instead of saying I am a flavor chemist who preaches on the side, it's no, I'm a pastor who does this to pay the bill? Yeah, absolutely. And it's about where we put our and when we get our identity in the right spot, yep, you know, then the questions like, okay, work wants you to take a position as a you know that I just got a different role, supervisory role at work. One of the things that I had to work through with my wife and prayer on was, can I be effective in that role? Is it going to impact the ministry? Yeah, right, right. Will it? Will it decrease some things I need to do with my family. You know, just advancement. Isn't that proud of your possessions, right? And if and not that advancement is bad, right? But it can be stagnation can be bad. And I think that's the thing that you talk about. Paul writes it, Peter writes it. John's writing it. Everybody wants to know what's the path, what's the formula, where do I go? And they're constantly going, Hey, listen, you know the father, right? We're too strong in you, right? And you've already overcome the evil one, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Be careful for side trips, yeah. And those side trips look like a lot of different things, and sometimes they look like good things, yeah, yeah. You know,

Speaker 3  49:28
I mean, and don't let that paralyze you either. I'm gonna tell you, you're gonna go through all these things, yeah, yeah. And, but God uses those things. I'm saying that because we're getting close time, and I I need to. We're building all this up. And I think this is what John's doing. And he says in verse 18, Imma, read this out of New Living Translation, dear children, the last hour is here. You have heard that the Antichrist is coming. That's capital A in in study Bibles, like, like Satan's kind of or stuff. And it says, and all. Already many such Antichrists have appeared from this we know that the last hour has come. These people left our churches, but they never really belong to us. He's making a distinction here. Keep going. Otherwise they would have stayed with us when they left, it proved that they did not belong to us. But you are not that, for the Holy One has given you his spirit, and the Holy One is capitalized. And all you know that all of you know the truth. We just talk about all that. So I am writing to you not because you don't know the truth, but because you know the difference between truth and lies, we could park there. Hold on. And who is a liar? Anyone who's, here's, here's where I was getting, anyone who says that Jesus is not the Christ. So I'm I guess, what I see in that, and what I think John is trying to teach, is that, you know, we all have differences. There's been a I'll, I'll use the term church split. I don't really know, because I don't know any other way to say it, and I don't really mean it in a bad way. So we just kind of went through one where I go to church at right, and I'm not in the middle of it or anything. I'm just watching, right? But I've seen that transition happen so many times, right? And we do get park it it. It is a unity issue in a lot of times, I think. But in the end, those brothers and sisters that are going off because they're ticked off about XYZ. But if you were to say, Are you denying that Jesus is the Christ and the one that did everything that happened in verse two of chapter one up here, right? The propitiation thing, that there is a different way. And they bow up, and they go, No, Jesus is the Son of God, and he was sacrificed for my sins. Now you set the basis. All the rest of it is just almost said conjecture, but that's not the right word. They believe in those things, that is the corner, the bedrock, all of it, all the rest of that stuff's going to get worked out right right now that can really rock your theology to some extent or another. But again, if you find yourself in these things where you're going, what's this? What's that? How am I all that stuff? I would tell you that God's in the middle of that thing with a big spoon in the middle of it. He stirred it up, you know? And, well, no, that's confusion. Well, not necessarily. And

Speaker 2  52:29
it's funny that you, as as all of this comes together, and you were at falva the other day. And in the full gospel world, I don't want to say they're more spiritual, but you start to listen more and and kind of watch for the spirit to move right. Mm, hmm. And in watching for the spirit to move, sometimes, you can kind of begin to grab on to lots of little things and try to make them something that maybe they're not right. Oh, even the Baptist do that, yeah. But in in this conversation, man, like one of my my spiritual uncles, Jimmy clarkton, down in Madisonville, uh. Man, Jimmy told me one day we were praying and and then he said, and you gotta be able to test, test the spirits. Boy, and I was like, test the spirits. What are you talking about? Jimmy, and he, he quoted that line, right? He said, If you have a feeling that you're supposed to do something and you think it's Holy Spirit guiding you that way, talk to that thing about Jesus Christ being the the the Way, the Truth and why Jesus Christ being the Lord? Alright? Agree with it, yeah. And whenever you talk to that feeling, hey, this is Jesus Christ, the Lord leading me this direction. If it's not, it's gotta go, yeah? And it does, right? So it's, it's kind of fun tying all of that into

Speaker 1  53:59
which, which actually takes it all the way back to the reason he's even writing a letter, right? You Yes, you got, yeah, exactly. You guys have everything. You Exactly. And I, I can so resonate with the person that feels like I don't have any influence, I don't have any training, I'm just a bumpkin. I'm just a you fill in the blank with a million different things come on, pride of life. Pride of that's exactly what the it's the pride of life. I have seen people who were uneducated, inarticulate, impact the kingdom in ways that I can't. I've seen I've seen professors do things that I wouldn't I could, like, I can't do that right? And then I've seen God do things with me that I wouldn't even trying to do right, yeah, but the impact is up. It's, it's up to him. It's the whole sowing, the seed. Thing, yeah, yeah. And one of the contrast for me and what I was trying to say, you know, is to go into falbah 15 people, yeah. And he's working just as hard in a group of 15 yeah as he is in a group of 1000 yeah. Oh yeah. And the impact on the kingdom. Who can know it? Yeah, except him I

Speaker 2  55:22
was, I was way struggling whenever the Lord called me away from Sand Springs and and, man, I knew it, and I and I was like, Ah, it's driving me crazy. And I'm driving on the back road. One Saturday morning, Pastor Doug Harris, from down in Deer part gives me a call. He's like, Man, I don't I got a word for you. I'm like, Okay. And he talked about how Philip was basically in the middle of a revival, and God said, I need you to leave the revival. Mm, because this guy in this chariot means as much to me as all of those people do yes, that's such a great story, yeah. And whenever Doug got done with that, I was like, I received that word, alright? And because it, man, it just resonated in my heart. That's what you're talking about. Whether we get to do this in front of 1000s, or 10 or two, one, yeah, exactly, yeah. Doesn't matter, it, it's, it's all bringing him glory, and he'll do all the stuff that he needs to do with it. Well,

Speaker 1  56:24
now, even about our ministry, I've had people say to me, why? Why are y'all still doing the podcast? You only have a couple of followers, you only have this. You only have that. You know, it's you're not viral. There's no There's no monetization, there's no this. And there's times where I've been like, I don't know, come on. I almost shut it down a few years ago. And one of the guys that works at our company, he's a super Kingdom guy, but he's really gifted at building leadership in the business. He's just, he's just gift. His name's Matthias, and I bumped, accidentally got onto I signed up for a webinar. He was doing, like, a coaching thing, you know? He was just giving it away. And, yeah, leadership stuff, I think me and one other guy, the only guys that showed up, right? And he was just like, let's just talk about it. And I was like, Man, I'm fixing to shut the ministry down. I already started the process to tear down the website, yeah? And he's like, why are you doing that? And I was like, man, nobody's following, yeah, you know. And I was like, I and honestly, I was trying to spiritualize. I was like, I just feel like I'm trying to push the square peg in a round hole. And he was like, But didn't the Lord tell you to do it? And I said, Well, I think so, but I guess I'm thinking I might be wrong, right? And he was like, someone asked you, Did the Lord tell you to do it? He said, You need to answer that question. So he thought. And I was like, you know, he I believe he did. Yeah. And he said, Okay. He goes, Imma make some observations, and you do with it what you want. He said, you're trying to do all this stuff, trying to find out what fits right. He goes, figure out what it is God wants you to do one thing. Go, do that, yeah, and focus. And it was like a light bulb went away. And that was when we really started doing the Bible study training, right? And some other things. Fast forward, I still hear that from people from time to time. You know, small potatoes, who are you guys? Blah, blah, blah, right? And I just smile, because I literally can't tell you how many times someone said I saw a podcast, yeah, man, it really helped me. Yeah, or Yeah. I went to one of your trainings. And it's the people of Mexico, people of cobbler. Never seen this before. It reminds me. I'll close with this by Gene wars. An old Navigator, and he said, you've you've not lived until you've exploded the Word of God into the heart of another human being, amen. And one, one, come on and it, come on because, because you, when you realize what's really up, you realize you change their eternal trajectory. Yeah, and blessed is he who is win souls. And, you know? And it's not just one, it's one that is one, that one that does one, that one that has one and and so I like the I like this letter because he's saying you've got everything you need. And I want to tell everybody that's hearing this, you may think you've gotta get all of it right, all the answers figured out. John's telling you, you know the father, yeah, the word is strong in you, and you've overcome the evil one. It march forward. Just march forward. Yeah? Uh, we got 30 seconds. You got anything?

Unknown Speaker  59:22
That's how we should end it. All right, we'll

Speaker 1  59:24
see y'all later. We love you. We appreciate you. Thanks for watching bye, guys, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai