Unknown Speaker  00:48
I mean coming at us

Matthias Miller  01:03
it

Unknown Speaker  01:10
going

Matthias Miller  01:18
morning day here I am on the road services a little bit sketchy I'm probably going to mute and listen in try to keep the in service so

Unknown Speaker  01:39
hello

Unknown Speaker  01:46
can you hear me? Yep. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  01:54
Oh, Robert here

Matthias Miller  02:09
officially we're waiting for Kyle, which was that we're still waiting for Kyle to show up here.

Unknown Speaker  02:22
This this is Kyle. I'm sorry. Sorry about that.

Matthias Miller  02:29
How are you doing this morning?

Unknown Speaker  02:31
Good. How are you?

Matthias Miller  02:33
Doing good

Unknown Speaker  02:37
video linkers it just a calling.

Matthias Miller  02:39
There is a video link. Dwayne and I are here on video. It's there's a link in the in the event really during that way. Where you're welcome to do J and Robert here on on my phone as well.

Unknown Speaker  02:52
Okay, I see it now. Let me let me do that. That'd be better. That's okay.

Matthias Miller  02:56
Yeah, that's not a problem, the senior moment.

Matthias Miller  03:22
All right, here we go. Each Other smiling faces.

Speaker 1  03:27
How are you? Good, sir. How are you? Doing? Good.

Matthias Miller  03:30
You're good. All right. Well. Dave asked me to set up this meeting. And I don't have a lot of context. So I'm really hoping somebody here has got that and get me up to speed and, and yep. Okay.

Speaker 1  03:57
I don't have a lot of context either to be honest with you, but I do know that he was there wanting to see if there, like point of sale system would be able to integrate with our point of sale system. To where didn't know if you guys had like a web hook or an open API that we could connect to.

Matthias Miller  04:24
So this is this is for. In so it's So for folks going through your point of sale to to? Like, walk me through a little bit of the workflow of the

Speaker 1  04:43
Yeah, so I don't know what they have currently. I'm assuming they have, you know, a point of sale system where we're a dealer or salesman can run a contract, you know, and chooses if it's rent down or cash hash. And that and that instance, when they choose write down, what we would, what we would want would be one of two things, I guess the information that we need that you could collect on your end, and then send it to us. Or if there's a link to send out to our system, I think I think the most, the easiest thing for him was what he was wanting, the easiest thing for the dealer would be if they could fill out the system on the point of sale system on their side, and it would automatically fill in on our side, once they submit, like it would be our contracted uploads and signatures and all that stuff.

Matthias Miller  05:43
And so you guys, you guys have a signature platform, I mean, signature on your own. So basically, we just, we would collect the information in our and push it over to your point of sale, you would send out the digital signature link or whatever is required in Create Account. Okay, um, I mean, and you guys, you guys currently have some kind of API for that? I do. Yep. Yep. And we don't know that this is super critical in API's and API. But do you know anything? Just a REST API using using any kind of API documentation that you can email over on that? I could? Yeah. I think I mean, I think without getting down in the weeds, I think the API documentation is probably going to be the fastest way to, to, to, to wrap my head around how things map from our point of sale to your point of sale? And you guys, have you guys offer multiple contract types? If so, what are what are most likely be offered?

Unknown Speaker  06:57
As in terms or

Matthias Miller  06:59
is the contracts identical? Except for terms?

Speaker 1  07:04
For the most part, yes. And then the only thing that would be different would be depending on the sales amount, like how much down and everything like that for the building?

Matthias Miller  07:18
Damage Waiver fee. Is that. Is that on your contracts?

Unknown Speaker  07:26
Yes. Oh, sorry. Did were you talking to me?

Matthias Miller  07:32
Yeah, that was talking. I was talking to you. But let me

Unknown Speaker  07:35
say again, I'm sorry.

Matthias Miller  07:37
The Damage Waiver feed you guys do get seven optional Damage Waiver fee that you include in your contracts?

Unknown Speaker  07:43
Yes, yep.

Matthias Miller  07:48
Any of you guys, are there any other reason I'm just pulling up our rent to own configuration settings here.

Speaker 1  07:59
And I could even like with every contract for 90 days, same as cash type of thing. That's in the wording of the con tract. So there's not like a button I have to press or anything like that. I could even send over like, a copy of a contract to you too, so you could see it.

Matthias Miller  08:21
You guys do? So I'm going into the edges of my knowledge. Did you guys do a CRA

Unknown Speaker  08:29
contracts? Better initial payment? Yes. Depending on state some states don't technically.

Matthias Miller  08:38
Yeah. Okay, so Dwayne, anything else that would be custom on a contract? Or I guess even Jason, Robert, anything else that would be custom on a variable on it, or to contract and random point of sale?

Speaker 2  09:05
Not from a contract standpoint, I am curious on what the workflow is going to be. So customer choose our to on our side, it pushes over the information, what happens from that point? How do we how do we push back with the customer signed? Is there is you know, how do we close up the sale on our side? Etc, etc. I mean, there's a whole bunch of things from that side. So I guess probably API documentation is going to say a little bit on on how that communication process is going to work.

Speaker 1  09:35
Yeah. So again, I'll send over the API documentation, I'll send you over a copy of a contract as well. What what we need at our office, at the least is, you know our contract with sign dated terms and money collected. So, however we get that, if that's through through the point of sale system, and then it emails to us, that's fine, you know that we can we can have it, if it switches into our point of sale system, that's even better. But we're kind of flexible on that side as well.

Speaker 1  10:22
Because we can, we can automate. If it comes over in a PDF, we can automate that into our system, as well.

Matthias Miller  10:27
So there makes sense. And then, and so if we, if we push it into your POS, you guys would have a web hook or something that fires once it's signs, and yes, something on point of execution, okay. And when you, when we send it across into your POS, presumably, we get some kind of system ID from urine that we could use the link back, and RM, you know exactly what that's executed.

Matthias Miller  11:06
Let's go down a little bit of the what would happen, what might happen if we keep it in RPOs? So if we keep it on RPOs, basically, we would, we would get the contract signed, collect the click whatever money is required down and push that information over to you. We said by email or by API,

Unknown Speaker  11:30
that on your side? Yeah, so honestly, I mean, the the least the least, what's the word I'm looking for? What we need the least is at least a PDF of our contract. And as you know, it's signed, it's completed, it has all the information,

Speaker 1  11:55
email to contracts at J mag llc.com. And then that way we can we can look at it and just verify that it's a good contract and all that. That would be that would be you know, what we would want, at least, if it could, if it could somehow flow into our point of sale, we could talk to each other, that would be great as well, but just just a signed pdf of the contract, to where we could, we can always look it over and then make sure it's correct. And all that stuff.

Matthias Miller  12:30
Makes sense? I mean, I don't I don't perceive any specific issue. Why? I mean, I think it's a matter of scope on her end as far as into integration. Clearly. It's probably I mean, it's a clearly it's just a quick thing to tack on an email post those execution of the contract, but they also don't, there's no technical reason why integrating with you guys, it's POS. Yeah. Apart from scope and scope in priority, and resources.

Speaker 1  13:08
And I can get I can get if there's more technical questions, I can have our developer reach out to you too. If that's needed. He he's in Washington, so these three hours behind you and two hours behind me. So it was a little early. If there's any issues like that, we can forward it forward all those questions to him and have him answer.

Matthias Miller  13:41
It hasn't joined the 5am Club yet. Alright, so good. All right. Yeah, if you want to, I think that's, yeah, Dwayne. Any of the rest of you guys on the call have any? Any further questions? One question

Speaker 3  14:02
that I have, is just so it sounds like we kind of have two options here that you guys discussed. One that we haven't, that I haven't heard anything about is, and I don't think it's a good option. But is there? Is there any way let's say that, that from a priority or a resources standpoint, on our side, getting this contract into assist or point of sale? Software, and making all of that work is something that's you know, down the road a little bit, is there any other way to to start doing this from a dealer standpoint is there you know, an unintegrated way per se, where the dealer can you know, do you have some sort of access where a dealer could on a separate system do an RTO contract or is there are there other options there? Speaking foolishly here, is there any other angle we should be? Looking at this, this is my question.

Speaker 1  15:03
Yeah. So I mean, if, if you did want to do it through your system, they wanted to rent down option. Yeah, we could set them up and our point of sale system, where we would create, you know, your company inside of it grid that users and send them there for them to write the contracts that have all the digital signatures, the payment, all that stuff in our system. So yeah, there's, there's several ways we can go about it. I don't think there's, I don't think there's necessarily a wrong way that that way would be harder for your dealers, because they'd have to do double injury, basically. But that's, that's up to you.

Speaker 3  15:43
Sure, and, and I understand that, I think that we would all agree that what we want in the end is, is you know, fully integrated with our, with our system, but I'm just thinking about, you know, starting to use this sooner, rather than later and the resources that we have on our side. So I don't understand, you know, exactly how it would work what you described, but am I right, that it would be something like a similar, you know, just another log into your system, and they would have to like, enter just the building details, the customer information, they'd have to retype all of that in, and then just submit for the RTO contract, and it wouldn't be attached in our system is that I mean, is that close or not?

Unknown Speaker  16:32
That is correct. Yes.

Speaker 3  16:35
Okay. Okay. Good. That's that's, I was just curious about that. That's the only question. I

Matthias Miller  16:43
do have a follow up question along those lines of if we go kind of the middle route of emailing things to you, Kyle. Is there any issue as long as as long as we meet all the concise formatting? legal requirements for contract text? Is there any reason why we couldn't take your contract contract text and put that into our system? For our, our signature? Signature execution? We'd have to do that. Now, if we're emailing those over to you,

Speaker 1  17:15
yeah, what what do you guys use for to gather signature now? Is that like sign now? Or is it a different

Matthias Miller  17:22
function? It's handed Dawkins is what we use, but we, but we generate those PDFs PDF templating that we use to generate.

Unknown Speaker  17:33
Okay, and it's time stamped and everything right. So

Matthias Miller  17:37
sometimes that we're, we're logging. Yeah, I mean, again, it takes care of all of that the IP, you know, IP logging, and all the other stuff, record groups, electronic contract execution.

Speaker 1  17:47
Okay. Yeah, then. Now there's, I don't I don't see an issue with that whatsoever. We work with companies that use other other software's like shed sweet Shut up. And they have their own signature bundle that sent us and everything like that. So like I said, as long as it's a completed contract that has a signature, you know, that's a that's a legal signature, and then the monies collected and everything like that we we can work the details out no issues.

Matthias Miller  18:24
Any other questions? Anybody here?

Matthias Miller  18:40
All right. So Kyle, I'll be looking for you for a copy of the sample contract as well as API and web hooks. Documentation. And sounds like we got three pas, le, kind of have small, medium, large versus small or medium and larger options, and we'll be able to evaluate them in their next step.

Speaker 1  19:08
Oh, that sounds great. If you don't care to get me till this afternoon and get that over to you. I'm on the road right now. But I'll get that to you later this afternoon. If that's okay.

Matthias Miller  19:18
Yep, not a problem. I appreciate you accommodating our schedule school.

Unknown Speaker  19:22
Guys, we appreciate y'all.

Matthias Miller  19:25
Alright, thanks.

Unknown Speaker  19:44
Let's see do I want to sign up to


Transcribed by https://otter.ai