Matthias Miller  00:00
So this is for my own reference. And I'm starting to put some pieces together. I'm coming to realize that there are a series of patterns that are at play. So if we look at the recent, Dr. Hammond, when Dr. Levin interviews or whoever, whatever his name implies, we see that cells are actually pre programmed with a set of tools, but the environment and the goal, actually determine how those things get used and how they develop and this is a fractal pattern of life. This ties into Ricky's question of how do young people know what they're supposed to be doing and how do they know how to become useful? Well, the way that they do that is that they are pre programmed with certain ways of operating and certain ways of functioning. These are called things like motivation. These are things called like, volition and donation. And as a result of that, ideally, when they're placed into a healthy environment, they adapt into that environment and that provides their usefulness, because there's some kind of shared goal or clear goal, and there is some kind of supportive environment around it. There's an interactive and collaborative element. This is also why personality tests for example, are have limited utility because personality tests only describe the machinery but they do not describe the environment. And because they don't describe the environment, they're actually really really poor at predicting what you should actually be doing. And they also don't define the goal. And if you if you could sufficiently define the goal, then you would be able to actually define your role and involvement should look like as you develop towards that goal. This is exactly the thing that's happened with periods of evolution 2.0, which is evolution. 2.0 is the machinery. And now for the first time, he's pointed the machinery to something practical and useful, which is cancer. So how do we solve cancer? That is the problem that we're trying to solve. And understanding this difference between the machinery that drives us in the environment and the goal that we're supposed to set before us is absolutely critical in understanding how to find fulfilment and how to how to be properly developed and how to properly grow. So, for a Kindle, for as long as I can remember, I've been pre programmed to negotiate on individuals that have been pre programmed to look at visionary aspects have been pre programmed to think outside the box or been pre programmed to connect. To connect emotionally have been pre programmed to invent all of these things are things that are pre programmed have been pre programmed to learn. I've been pre programmed to strategize and all of these things, these things so where where exactly did these things go wrong? Well, if you look at a software development environment, the environment was the incorrect environment. And as a result, these just looked far less. You know, far less, they look far inferior to what they actually actually should look like. If you look at my time, and hmm, the environment that I was in with Ron was highly conducive to this and you're welcome to create a solution to problems and as a result, I erased and thrive and within the assistant to the executive director role, there was a period of time in which these were highly welcomed and highly valued. However, that period only lasted for a limited portion of time and the environment shifted and the environment was no longer supportive. Why was and I could no longer my natural machinery was difficulty within

Matthias Miller  04:57
that type of an environment. Once again, return to software development, that's fine. Once again, let's go go into the whole thing of marketing consulting. And freelancing. Well, freelancing was actually freelancing was actually also not the correct supportive environment. Because strategizing and inventing is actually not what you want that type of a context and when it's you, Oh, here's another example. It's only possible to negotiate among multiple parties, and so by very definition, I needed to have multiple parties involved in order to negotiate properly what is the point? The point is that as much as we try to refuse people into simple boxes, so pattern, what personality Colby actually describes is the is actually the machinery that drives intelligent software system that drives but it's the environment and their own sometimes their own volition that determines the goal. And the outcome and how these things actually practically play out.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai