Unknown Speaker  00:19
Hey, Josh, nice, how are you good? How are you doing?

Speaker 1  00:22
I am excellent. Glad we were reconnect here.

Matthias Miller  00:28
Yes, I think Kevin was planning to hop on as well, if it works for him, I

Unknown Speaker  00:35
sent him the invite. Accepted. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  00:38
got it,

Unknown Speaker  00:39
yeah. I was

Speaker 1  00:42
sorry we had to cut it in half, but it's all good. Might

Matthias Miller  00:46
have been for the better anyway,

Unknown Speaker  00:47
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  00:50
so just while we're waiting, you know, we're looking for blue collar CEOs salt of the earth, beyond the startup phase, having an intellectual curiosity about life,

Speaker 1  01:09
switching from chaos to order, something threw them sideways and made them interested in creating emotional intelligence. That's the notes that I have from our last conversation, yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:22
I think a few points of refinement. Number one, I don't think they think of themselves as CEOs. They're just business owners, just knee jerk reaction. Maybe, maybe in the upper end, they start thinking of themselves like that. But I don't know. I'm not convinced. So that's at least a consideration. And also, from Kevin's perspective, there was some stuff that I dropped in the call notes. I don't know if you saw that,

Unknown Speaker  01:53
where

Matthias Miller  02:00
talking about the ideal scenario for Kevin in particular, and I think this can be for myself as well. I think I could jump in the middle of it, but is being smack dab in the middle of the story without the resolution.

Matthias Miller  02:22
With which from a podcast perspective. I mean, it's kind of a pattern interrupt, because everybody does all these overcoming stories, and there's always this shiny outcome on the on the back end, but it really is this question, how do you walk through? Yeah, and I don't know what the questions look like on the on the podcast, but how do you walk through these? And when you don't, you can't see how it's going to turn it out. Turn out. Can you

Unknown Speaker  02:55
give me an example?

Matthias Miller  03:02
Well, so podcast interview guy comes on and yeah, so here's what happened. I hired my nephew as a right hand man, and he and I trusted him, and I gave him part of the business, and three weeks ago, he drained my account. And, you know, maybe these are things you can't talk talk about publicly for legal reasons, but he drained my account, and, like, this is literally what we're walking through right now. Or,

Speaker 1  03:37
yeah, the the I get where you're going with that, and I've tried some variations of that a few times, but it's it's really hard to get people to raise their hand and come on and talk about the shit that they're currently going through. They're currently in some sort of catharsis and being able to tell somebody, I used to be like that, but I'm not anymore. Right? It's not necessarily true, right? That makes sense, much easier to get somebody to come on and do that, and then after you're done recording, that's when it's like, how are you really doing? Yeah, you know. And so if you wanted to tell, like, overcoming adversity stories business, you know, I did 238, episodes of a podcast about that, and it was very effective. And, you know, a lot of those guys still aren't and, but they talk about like, how they came to their own peace and resolution with wherever they're at right now, which is so willing to admit in public, right? Yep. So that's, that's where you that's where you kind of have to, like you're talking about the right over here on your end of the spectrum, and over there on their end, they're perfect and flawless. And so we mean, I made some mistakes, but I figured it out. You know, you give

Matthias Miller  04:59
them. The opportunity to, you give them the opportunity to present that image and that publicly, present that image, and communicate that story, and then give them space to communicate it, to communicate privately. That makes a lot I mean, it makes a

Speaker 1  05:19
lot of sense to me, yeah, you'll have a much better time with that. They'll enjoy it more, and it'll feel good to get it off the chest.

Matthias Miller  05:27
Well, they won't, and they won't be on edge about what they care, and they'll share and all that well. And it's never it is true, though, unless something specifically happens. It's not like you can't go through that and get to a point where, magically, everything is 100 100% perfectly. Okay,

Speaker 1  05:47
let's take your nephew story. You know, I, I entrusted my nephew like, here's how, here's how, a conversation with the business. I gave him some ownership, and I gave him the keys to the castle, and he took off and run with it, and ran my business into the ground. And, you know, I'm recovering from that. Lessons Learned. I'm licking my wounds, and I'm coming back stronger than ever. That's how a podcast would go. And then you and then you hit stop, and then that's when you say, Man, what a tough story. Thanks so much for sharing that. And that's where he's going to say, Yeah, you know, I'm still going through it. It actually kind of sucks still. That's what he's going to start telling you the truth when, when nobody's listening anymore.

Matthias Miller  06:37
Well, it's also like so just, I'm curious what, what has it been like for you trying to install senior leadership into your business so that it can run without you? Yeah? Oh, it's been hell. Like, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  06:51
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  06:54
That's the idea, yep. And so now let's figure out, uh, I've gone, I've gone, uh, both different directions with this. And anytime you need to take a minute take care of your baby, go ahead and do it.

Matthias Miller  07:10
I mean, I think we're good, so thank you.

Speaker 1  07:14
But I've gone both ways with this. But like, do we want to come up with, like, a name or like the the call sign for for this, or do we want to come up with the description of who these people are? We can go either way and get both. But just to give you an idea, I got a guy who is doing a podcast called elite agent investors, it's tips, tactics and tools for the top 1% real estate agents. And I got another guy who has a podcast we're calling the walls of Sparta, real conversations with real men who overcome adversity through leadership, strength and healthy masculinity or something right? And those really define the people that they want to talk to now. They don't find the flaws of those people. They They define what what those people see in themselves as their highest and best characteristics that we want to that's like, that's the beacon that we put out. But we know that people, when we put out that beacon, we know people who identify as that. There's an undercurrent, and it's nowhere near as sexy as that shield that they're putting on for the world, right? And so we're not going to call out that shield. We're just going to glorify it and say, Hey, if you're this kind of guy, come over here. We want to put a spotlight on you. But what's going to happen is you're going to start to see that ugly undercurrent real fast as soon as you start talking to them. So,

Matthias Miller  09:06
so we've been playing around and like the name pub in the pub in the desert,

Unknown Speaker  09:14
pub in the desert, yeah, all right.

Matthias Miller  09:17
And so if there's a way, now, if that's a horrible name. That's not going to work. Holler like we it's not that

Speaker 1  09:25
it won't work. It's just now I have a follow up question, like, what's it about?

Matthias Miller  09:31
Well, I think it's, go ahead. I think the the glorified shield is it's, it's like the salt of the earth business owners sitting down for a beer about what it's like to walk through adversity and come out the other side.

Matthias Miller  09:55
But.

Speaker 1  10:04
And the stories are going to be mostly around, like stuff that's happened in their business.

Matthias Miller  10:11
It's probably the most well it could be that. I don't I think it could

Speaker 1  10:16
be nothing. Will be 100% but that's what you want to focus on.

Matthias Miller  10:22
Well, Kevin and I are coming at this from two very coming to complimentary angles. So

Speaker 1  10:27
all right, because he's a he's a therapist, right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  10:32
and so I but okay, but here's the reality, okay, the pragmatic reality is it doesn't matter. I The issues are human issues, no matter where they manifest in business or marriage or family or health or wherever they show up. And so I think, well, actually, that's not completely true. My statement I was going to make, statement I was going to make, is that, well, if somebody so, if somebody hyper focuses on one to the exclusion of the other, that's and most classically,

Matthias Miller  11:15
sorry, I'm rambling and thinking out loud at the same time.

Speaker 1  11:20
So I like, I like the idea of the desert. That was one of the first things that you said about you, called it desert stories and friends of the desert. I like Friends of the desert, that kind of gets the idea across. But we just want to make sure that nobody mistakes it as a Lifestyle podcast about like, Tucson, Arizona, fair, yeah, I might call it out of the desert stories from The desert. You know, something like that could work.

Speaker 1  12:06
And that's where it's like, you can say that, and then on the on the back end, you say, how, how blue collar businesses overcome adversity, or how, how blue collar business owners overcome adversity and triumph despite, you know, then it's like, you immediately know what this is about, and you know what kind of story it is like. Oh yeah, man, I've been walking through the desert and things are really bad, right? Yeah. That,

Unknown Speaker  12:45
let's say, and then then

Unknown Speaker  12:50
we can clean it up a little bit. I

Unknown Speaker  13:08
How about this?

Speaker 1  13:22
I'm okay, I would say something like out of the desert, or walking through the desert, something like that. We'll come back to it real and raw stories of triumph over impossible odds from blue collar business owners.

Unknown Speaker  13:39
I uh,

Unknown Speaker  13:44
kind of on the right

Matthias Miller  13:45
track, yeah, on the right track.

Speaker 1  14:01
I like, I like real and raw stories of triumph over impossible odds from blue collar business owners, and then you might be able to get away to call it the pub in the desert. I does anybody go to a pub in the US? That's kind of a British term.

Matthias Miller  14:27
That's a fair question. It was a British term.

Unknown Speaker  14:34
You might call it PBR in the desert. I

Unknown Speaker  14:47
blue collar desert wanderer, the blue desert.

Matthias Miller  14:57
I don't know i.

Speaker 1  15:00
But I would go something probably just a little more direct, called, you know, out of the desert, or stories from the desert, or walking through the desert. One of those, I think will be better. It's just it's got to be something to wear like,

Unknown Speaker  15:20
oh yeah, I got one of those. You know,

Matthias Miller  15:25
all right, run some of those. Yeah, again stories,

Speaker 1  15:30
yeah, real and raw stories of triumph over impossible odds, from blue collar business owners or blue collar business owners sharing real and raw stories of triumph over impossible odds. That flows a little

Unknown Speaker  15:43
bit, right?

Matthias Miller  16:00
So there's also, like, Indian then, if you're going into titles, there's things like, Well, you could do something interesting, like dirt and sand, or you could do something about desert storms or or, like you're saying just,

Matthias Miller  16:21
you could Call it the blue collar desert. I don't know. I

Matthias Miller  16:40
uh, friends of the desert is also has intrigued me, but

Unknown Speaker  16:49
friends of the desert,

Matthias Miller  16:57
there's a little bit of the it kind of stands in contrast to the idea of Uber, the initial idea of overcoming, walking through, I mean, friends of the desert, yeah, it's like, what it what everybody wants to know is that they're going to get out of it, what, What some people are willing to accept is that the best place is to become

Unknown Speaker  17:30
friends with it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:34
that's fine. Escaping the desert is also very ah.

Speaker 1  17:44
Uh, it's like escape is like lose, and you're talking to a bunch of Alpha men.

Unknown Speaker  17:50
I don't want to, I don't want to lose. I'm a winner beating the desert,

Unknown Speaker  17:57
mass desert. I'll shoot guns into the desert.

Speaker 2  18:02
Share stories triumph over impossible odds.

Unknown Speaker  18:13
Another idea would be I

Speaker 1  18:23
and how they made peace with their fate. You know, Friends of the desert is like blue collar business owners share real and raw stories of triumph over impossible odds and how they made peace with their fate

Unknown Speaker  18:41
that

Matthias Miller  18:46
that's really compelling. I love that.

Speaker 1  18:51
Let's roll with it. I mean, you can always change this stuff, you know, yeah, the name of the podcast, it's going to be the name of the podcast, but you can always change up how you put the shoes in, but that stood out to

Matthias Miller  19:09
you. I mean, I like that,

Matthias Miller  19:21
all right, and then I wish Kevin had he sent me an email. He had something else come up. So here, let me, let me paste this in Jordan, so don't lose it. Your kids definitely not napping right now. So, so you would, friends of the desert, you would recommend over pub in the desert.

Speaker 1  19:54
Yeah, the pub in the desert, like it doesn't make a lot of sense, I would, I would need a. Lot context,

Speaker 1  20:03
yeah, friends. Like, if you describe what that means afterwards, then I get it like, okay, you know, it's kind of being like friends with the devil, right? It's like, I go there on occasion, I can't avoid it. I know it's better off for me to make friends with it. Yeah, I think it definitely stands out. It's it's unique. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  20:34
is that a term that your audience don't know? I I don't know. I don't know. Like

Speaker 1  20:47
you think about a plumber who runs a $2 million business. You say, hey, I want you to come on my podcast. Podcast, it's called Friends of the desert. What kind of face is he gonna make when you say that?

Matthias Miller  21:02
That's a good question. He's gonna he's probably gonna wrinkle his brow a little bit and be like, wait, what?

Unknown Speaker  21:07
What's that

Matthias Miller  21:09
was that they're almost too some of these guys are almost too practical for that.

Speaker 1  21:16
Well, that's important. I Oh,

Speaker 1  21:25
that's where stories from the desert start to make a little more sense. If you keep sticking term desert, it's like, Okay, have you ever been in like, you know this impossible situation where you just trying to figure out how to survive,

Matthias Miller  21:48
I think so putting putting on the marketing hat of meeting them where they're at versus where we think they should be, I think stories from The desert makes more sense. So dear plumber, I want to have you on my podcast called Stories from the desert, called

Speaker 1  22:08
Stories color. Business owners share stories triumph over impossible odds. How they make peace with their feet? Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  22:32
And that has a very, I think the storytelling component is very both, both sharing and listening has a very compelling. I think it's very compelling

Speaker 1  22:48
and and so what that does is it, it opens us up the the next part of this is we're going to do an intro where we're going to, basically, we're going to base the intro off of what you just said, and then we'll drop your pitch in there, which I don't know your pitch yet, but I need to get that from you. And then we're introduced the guest. We we open up with what we call, which is the same question we ask everybody. And so for you, stories from the desert is going to be we could say, Okay, Bob, welcome to the show. And what does your tell us? Take us to your desert and tell us what happened. Yep, you know, like something like that. Or what does, what did it? What did your desert look like when you were there? Describe your surroundings. In this take us back to those, to that time. Describe what your desert looked like.

Unknown Speaker  23:59
Yeah, figure

Speaker 1  24:00
something out. You know, good, but that's the idea. It's like, you're basically just setting the stage. And then they go straight into talking about whatever their story is. Yep, there's no like, Hey, welcome to the show. Well, thanks great to be here. So tell us what, like, that's no like, you gotta waste the time. Yeah, we'll skip all that just like all right, Bob, welcome to the show. Let's get straight into your desert. How hot is it there?

Unknown Speaker  24:29
You know exactly.

Matthias Miller  24:33
All right, so next up is going to going to be, you said it's going to be certain back and putting together the pitch. Yeah,

Speaker 1  24:45
so what is, what is your offer that you want to make these guys, just in broad terms? Well,

Matthias Miller  24:53
I think, I think here in lies the complexity offer. One is. Probably some kind of, you know, maybe some kind of, it's kind of the internal, external coo idea that we talked about. Perhaps, I think there's two potential paths, one or two potential paths it can take. And maybe we need to narrow this down a bit, but it it can be, I all right. Like you need to walk. You need to work one on one with Kevin. Like there's, there's more to unpack here. Longer term, what would be awesome is to or at whatever point or it could be. Do you want to get on a waiting list? We're putting together a cohort of guys who've been through these types of experiences, and we're just here to share each other's stories and be there for each other as as we walk through the to the walk through the desert. And maybe that actually ends up being the main offer, and building up a building up a wait list until we've got enough people to actually start that kind of a cohort

Speaker 1  26:11
benefit, aside from them being a part of this group, what do they get out of being a part of the group? What's what's in it for them?

Matthias Miller  26:20
But I think the fastest path out of a desert is with other people, and the fastest path out of the desert is being in places where you can actually talk about, talk about your desert experience. So that's, that's the fundamental premise. But apart from that, it depends how we price and structure it. So this is so unFormulated.

Speaker 1  26:53
Well, here's the thing, I You're bringing on these guys telling their story. Before they tell their story, you're going to have an opportunity to drop a big pitch right in front of them, and it's indirect, because you're technically saying it to the audience, but you're really saying and you're going to need to say something that perks their ears up and makes them go. I want to know more about that.

Matthias Miller  27:18
Well. I mean, could it be something as simple as, as helping, what was somebody, somebody chaos to it's like,

Matthias Miller  27:36
like, if you're, if you're, If you're a, you know, blue collar business owner looking to, you know, the challenge with chaos is that chaos can actually be quite exciting and quite medicating, but, but this isn't exactly Right, but if you're looking to to turn your turn chaos into fill in the blanket. I don't know what it is, turn chaos into clarity, both you know, both in your business and in yourself as a leader, we have the you know, fill in the blank or go take this assessment, or whatever the CTA needs to be, is that enough of a hand wavy draft

Unknown Speaker  28:40
chaos can be exciting

Unknown Speaker  28:44
way to run a successful business.

Speaker 1  28:47
If you're looking for stability and growth, these are the you need to you need a, b and c, go to abc.com to get our reset, turning chaos into clarity.

Matthias Miller  29:11
Yeah, or you can even take it one step further, if you would like to break the addiction to chaos.

Unknown Speaker  29:19
Maybe that's I

Speaker 1  29:26
chaos can be exciting, medicating and addicting, but it's no way to run a business, and it's no way to run a life. If you are a successful business owner who's tired of writing, riding the Crazy Train. We we have a five step method to break the addiction to chaos so that you can live a life of clarity, consistency and profitability, both in your business and in your life. Ah.

Unknown Speaker  29:59
Ah, something

Matthias Miller  30:01
pretty close. Yeah.

Speaker 1  30:07
Okay, so, but what's what's happening here, for me is call out, call out the thing that you know they're dealing with, and then show them a reasonable step in your directions, like, you know, you know that ain't gonna work deep down. You know, that's not the right way. That's what has worked, but that's what puts you in the desert, right? So instead, I have an answer for you that's going to get you out of it fast and easy, fast and easy. And I think, well, I mean, I don't know, it doesn't seem like you really have anything yet. So you're going to really have to formulate this. But I think if you can stick with this idea of say something they agree with, take one step in your direction that they won't disagree with, and then show them

Unknown Speaker  31:10
that, and it's fascinating.

Speaker 1  31:15
And if you can do that, we want to. We want to get the clearest, cleanest pitch that's going to make them at the end of the show say, hey, that chaos clarity thing. I think I might need that you want to get them say that to you. The good news is, if you don't get it 100% right, you can just modify it over time 10 people, you get nothing, but we'll tweak it. Yep, I've changed my offer 20 times, yeah, because I have so much feedback, and it's finally, you know, after a while, you start to say stuff that people are like, oh, yeah, something more about that. And it basically like, sex, bacon, you know, like but whatever works, the only thing you need is you need to get them to ask you about what you do. That's all you need. So say whatever you need to say, as long as it's not like get

Unknown Speaker  32:13
them to ask false,

Speaker 1  32:15
right? And and once you get them to ask, now you have the position of authority and you are in control of the conversation.

Unknown Speaker  32:25
Makes sense? Yeah. So

Speaker 1  32:27
I think that if you can, like, let me leave that with you, and if you can, kind of give me some sort of a two sentence, three sentence kind of thing, I'll get you. We're working on getting some training videos and stuff together about this specific thing, and those are recorded. I'll get this to you, and it may help a little bit, right? But, yeah, that's the formula, though. Okay, I'll even here. I'll write that down for you real quick. So say something I

Speaker 2  33:04
fail would create this

Unknown Speaker  33:17
fast

Speaker 1  33:22
so that would be a good formula for your particular pitch. Say something that they're going to agree with, say something that they would agree with, and then give them a solution that's fast and easy

Unknown Speaker  33:34
and specific,

Speaker 1  33:37
like I am going to solve, solve a specific problem. Yeah, very specific chaos to clarity, not specific, but right, getting getting clear on your business so you can increase your profits to x in the next 30 days. That's specific clarity brings profit. Here's how to get 2x profits in the next 30 days. This three steps. Get it

Matthias Miller  34:19
all right, you want to shoot over the shoot over the recording? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  34:25
no problem. I can send that now have somebody say, oh.

Speaker 1  34:45
Yeah, good. So once we happen, we'll have pretty much all we need. We'll we'll build out everything we can on your script and all the front end stuff and everything you seem to get me that pitch. And then we'll be able to finish it out. And we're aiming to have everybody, like, pretty much, set up by Friday. And then we'll go through and do some checks and approvals and stuff and and you'll, you'll have the final say and everything. And then once you feel good about it, we'll go ahead and start inviting people, and you start recording,

Unknown Speaker  35:22
yeah, sounds good.

Matthias Miller  35:24
Yeah, awesome.

Speaker 1  35:26
And one last question, so are you guys doing this together?

Matthias Miller  35:29
We are doing this well, you're

Unknown Speaker  35:31
going to both be on. You're going to alternate.

Matthias Miller  35:34
I'm not sure we need to talk about that.

Speaker 1  35:36
I would alternate. Alternate. I think it's better that way you guys can do more shows easily, and it'll be two totally different perspectives, and you won't be stepping on each other's toes for 10

Unknown Speaker  35:53
minute podcast.

Speaker 1  35:54
Now, there's nothing wrong with you guys, yeah, tag teaming every once in a while, but we can set up a round robin in your calendar to where, you know, one goes here, one goes there.

Unknown Speaker  36:05
Sure I like it makes sense.

Speaker 1  36:09
Good deal. And, and you guys are so different. So it'll be, it'll be really unique to see, you know, see the shows that are created.

Unknown Speaker  36:16
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  36:19
All right, all right. Well, cool. Pass this on to my team and we'll get to work, and should have something for you here shortly. What's baby's name? Malea? Malea, okay, oh, that's a beautiful name. Hi, Malaya,

Unknown Speaker  36:36
not interested.

Speaker 1  36:39
I have a my, I have an aunt named Malia.

Unknown Speaker  36:45
Yeah, cool.

Unknown Speaker  36:49
She's a little bigger.

Unknown Speaker  36:56
Cool. Good to see

Matthias Miller  36:57
you, and we'll talk. Good see you. We'll work on this, yep, and we'll be in touch. Take care. Man, awesome. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai