Unknown Speaker  00:00
Just in broad terms.

Matthias Miller  00:01
Well, I think, I think here in lies the complexity offer one is probably some kind of, you know, maybe some kind of, it's kind of the internal, external co idea that you talked about. Perhaps, I think there's two potential paths, one or two potential paths it can take. And maybe we need to narrow this down a bit, but it it can be all right, like you need to walk, you need to work one on one with Kevin, like there's, there's more to unpack here. Longer term, what would be awesome is to or at whatever point or it could be. Do you want to get on a waiting list? We're putting together a cohort of guys who've been through these types of experiences, and we're just here to share each other's stories and be there for each other as as we walk through the to the walk through the desert. And maybe that actually ends up being the main offer. And building up a building up a wait list until we've got enough people to actually start that kind of a cohort

Speaker 1  01:20
benefit, aside from them being a part of this group, what do they get out of being a part of the group? What's what's in it for them?

Matthias Miller  01:29
But I think the fastest path out of a desert is with other people, and the fastest path out of the desert is being in places where you can actually talk about, talk about your desert experience. So that's, that's the fundamental premise. But apart from that, um, it depends how we price and structure it. So this is so unFormulated.

Speaker 1  02:01
Um, well, here's the thing, like you're bringing on these guys telling their story, before they tell their story, you're going to have an opportunity to drop a big pitch right in front of them, and it's indirect, because you're technically saying it to the audience, but you're really saying and you're going to need to say something that perks their ears up and makes them go. I want to know more about that.

Matthias Miller  02:28
I mean, could it be something as simple as, as helping? What was somebody? Somebody chaos to it's like, I

Matthias Miller  02:45
yeah, like, if you're, if you're, if you're a, you know, blue collar business owner looking to, you know, the challenge with chaos is that chaos can actually be quite exciting and quite medicating, but, but this isn't exactly right, but if you're looking to to turn your turn chaos into fill in the blanket, I Don't know what it is, turn chaos into clarity. Um, uh, both, you know, both in your business and in yourself as a leader, we have the, you know, fill in the blank, or go take this assessment, or whatever the CTA needs to be is that enough of a hand wavy draft

Speaker 1  03:49
chaos can be exciting way to run a Successful business. If you're looking for stability and growth, these are the you need to you need a, b and c, go go to abc.com, to get our three step turning chaos into clarity.

Matthias Miller  04:20
Yeah. Or you can even take it one step further, if you would like to break the addiction to chaos. Maybe that's

Speaker 1  04:34
chaos can be exciting, medicating and addicting, but it's no way to run a business, and it's no way to run a life if you are a successful business owner who's tired of writing, riding the Crazy Train, we we have a five step method to break the addiction to chaos. So that you can live a life of clarity, consistency and profitability, both in your business and in your life.

Matthias Miller  05:09
Something pretty close. Yeah. Okay, so, but

Speaker 1  05:16
what's what's happening here, for me is call out, call out the thing that you know they're dealing with, and then show them a reasonable step in your directions, like you know, you know that ain't gonna work deep down, you know that's not the right way. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai