Unknown Speaker  01:04
How's it going? Hey, pretty good. How are you? Good Yeah, it's doing pretty well

Unknown Speaker  01:27
Mr Chairman,

Unknown Speaker  01:29
well, hello. Hey, good to see you.

Unknown Speaker  01:32
Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  01:38
I had I thought I had pasted in the meeting information and I see that I pasted in other texts that I from another message so yeah.

Speaker 2  01:52
Good Well, I guess y'all will have to train me how to do this but feel free to jump in and we'll see where we can go

Speaker 1  02:04
Yeah, no it's a lot like basically what we were doing with EVs Sure, where we met a lot of times it has to do with with main design project gets going at a time and then other miscellaneous questions that we have, we have a I'm gonna go ahead and we're here I'll send it over we have a wiki page that we notes in and then I just check them off as we go through and I'll usually usually share my screen and we just go through stuff as we as we have questions. So we can go ahead and just kick it off with with talking about a schedule for this we usually we usually have calls Tuesdays in like the one to 230 timeframe and then again on Thursdays from like the three to 430 timeframe and depending on the eastern time, depending on how much we have to do it's sometimes only half an hour sometimes it's an hour sometimes bowl hour and a half Yep. So that's that's what we've been doing with Matthias but we can Yeah, let me say that too to see what works best to try to Yeah, our best usually with my schedule Sure.

Unknown Speaker  03:55
Do you have a preference between morning and afternoon?

Speaker 1  04:00
Not a big preference. We've we've tried to do like client calls in the morning the scanning okay then follow up work in the afternoon like the with these calls, but it doesn't have to be that way. Some clients a lot of clients seem to prefer mornings for calls. Okay. But we we shift these around to if you know if something else comes up so if Yeah, if it's better for you we could we could look at

Unknown Speaker  04:36
let me think and what time do you all do lunch

Speaker 1  04:43
I usually it's noon to one shorter 12 to 1230 Eastern times. Okay.

Speaker 2  04:52
So I would usually do lunch at 1230 to one which is your 132 And then the next two hours I may have, I may or may not have sales calls, if we don't have sales calls scheduled, I don't mind going as early as two for these calls. And and I guess we there are other days of the week, and they've got three other days of the week. So if we would

Unknown Speaker  05:20
do

Speaker 2  05:24
if we would normally do leave one hour for sales calls, that would be the two to three Euro two to three, then we could do these from three to 430. And so we'd still always have at least one our sales call available on these two days. And then at any time if we if we see that this I mean, if we see that the same sales calls aren't aren't scheduled for that day, then I don't mind you. I mean, the day before, you can go ahead and move it up. Move it up an hour if you want to. How would that be for you all?

Unknown Speaker  06:10
I think that would work.

Speaker 1  06:13
Yeah, I the afternoons are usually open. Later Tuesday afternoon after 3pm. Eastern like 3pm. The end of the day. I have a lot of calls. But Sure. We have a lot of flexibility.

Unknown Speaker  06:29
Now you said on Tuesday, you do have calls.

Unknown Speaker  06:33
After 3pm. Eastern Yeah.

Speaker 2  06:35
So that's when we could do a we could do a one hour slot on Tuesday from two to three if you want to.

Unknown Speaker  06:49
Or

Unknown Speaker  06:50
for if you book your calls from your 330.

Unknown Speaker  06:55
No, wait, yeah.

Speaker 2  06:57
No. So if we do two to three, though, well, okay, if we do two to three, then that would take my first sales slot, but it would leave the second sales slot if we keep it down to an hour on Tuesdays. Or if you want to keep a consistent, do, that's another way to do it. If you keep it consistent, just always book it from two to three on both days. And then if you don't have other phone calls, and I don't have a sales call, we can go longer if we want to. Okay. And then if I have a sales call, I'd have to hop off for that. But could circle back around afterwards.

Speaker 3  07:40
sales calls are scheduled for Well, the one in one to two is what's on it tell you that's Central Time.

Unknown Speaker  07:51
No Central

Speaker 2  07:52
Time is one to two and two to three. Unless you've got they're looking at the Bangladesh schedule.

Unknown Speaker  07:59
I'm looking at the one maybe this is maybe that's

Speaker 2  08:03
Oh, that is mountain. That's mountain time. So it's my one two, I have slots are my one o'clock and two o'clock, which is your two? to three. Yeah. Yeah. So. So I kind of wonder about taking that first time slot. How does that sound? And then that has some flexibility of going longer if if there's availability for everyone. Do you like that or?

Speaker 1  08:35
And that's the easy, that's the two to three Eastern time. One, two to three.

Speaker 2  08:40
That's two to three Eastern time. So if I have a sales call, it'll be a hard drop. If I don't have a sales call. I can go along.

Unknown Speaker  08:45
Uh huh. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  08:52
yeah, that's pretty simple. Let's do that. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  08:59
I like that

Unknown Speaker  09:07
okay,

Speaker 1  09:08
I will go ahead and make a note here and

Speaker 1  09:17
Tuesdays and Thursdays from two to three Eastern and

Unknown Speaker  09:28
go ahead and send that

Speaker 1  09:43
I'll set it up for four weeks worth of calls for now. Sure. Okay, cool.

Unknown Speaker  09:58
All right. Um, Next

Speaker 1  10:07
the symbols and just, I have not stuck my head in here since last week being out. First part of this week.

Speaker 2  10:16
Yeah, I'm really needing to pull a bid together for you. Well, that's it's, um, apologies, but

Unknown Speaker  10:26
no, that's, that's fine.

Speaker 1  10:31
I think we just have a couple of questions for you in here. Okay. And then we have, we have some miscellaneous stuff to do, like, continue to pull together the the workflow like constructions, and some miscellaneous stuff. Okay. Some details that we're getting all this down into additional phases, but some information we got back from the client that we need to incorporate in here and stuff. Got it? Sure. Shouldn't be much that affects it.

Speaker 1  11:12
So yeah, do you I mean, from our side, I think we're is ready for you to do your bid whenever you're sure. Hey,

Unknown Speaker  11:19
yeah, that sounds right. That sounds right.

Unknown Speaker  11:23
All right. So just a few questions.

Speaker 2  11:26
One quick question on that one. If what do you think they'll say if I say though, okay, so a, a basic, you know, basic solution is X dollars, let's just say $50,000. But then a mobile app is an additional $30,000. And I'm just making up these numbers. I'm not even sure if that's right, because we're gonna have to do do you think? Do you have a sense whether they're going to say, oh, let's definitely have to have the mobile app for first release?

Speaker 1  12:03
No, I don't think so. Because we were already planning to do this in phases. Okay. And our agreement with Delbert was that we would do basic, basic stuff here for phase one. And there, we can keep building out additional stuff and fancier stuff as we go along. Yep. Yeah. I, yeah, I don't think I don't think it's a deal breaker for phase one. Okay. I think pictures. I think it's bigger picture that it's a deal breaker for at least a couple of the board members.

Speaker 2  12:40
Sure. Sure. Well, I think what we tell them, let's just, I'd like to push I can, I can ballpark it and say we can do that in a later phase. So do you think they'll accept phase one, if we push to just simply say that's a option for a later phase?

Speaker 1  12:57
I think so. Okay. Yeah, and that's what they were looking. I think that maybe was what they were looking forward. You remember Ben, I think maybe they'd said they'd wanted an estimate for sure. For the quote for phase one.

Speaker 1  13:36
And I like I'd be interested to see where things work out with it then. At their board level, because they, it was, it was one member who was really adamant about it. And another one who someone adamant. And then on the other end of the spectrum, Roy Herr was saying he liked how simple it was. He thought it would be good to start out with it being really simple like this. So sure, sure, when it all comes down to them making their final decision. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  14:09
makes sense. We'll see. Yep.

Speaker 1  14:13
Okay, so just make a note here. Basic for phase one.

Speaker 2  14:24
Now with the basic Do you think that would you recommend seeing if we can build in the nice homepage for them or?

Speaker 1  14:47
Don't think we have to. I mean, that would just be the like the the splash page or the landing page that you were talking about? That's right. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  15:00
I mean, because in some ways, if we plan to go to mobile, then that splash page is almost a throwaway thing, then I mean, it makes them fallible. It makes the admins feel good when they log in.

Speaker 1  15:13
What would it look like to to just integrate it with their current website where they have a log of members Log In button on their website, the reader to this? That way when they when they go to login, they can they're not just going to some obscure,

Speaker 2  15:33
right? No, and we can certainly, right, we can certainly do something like that. And where are we going to use username password for logins? Yes, yes. Okay.

Speaker 2  15:52
The Do you just want to pull up a what the login screen looks like for like if you go to Weaver lender something that's a login page. Okay, app hosting zone, your business solutions platform.

Unknown Speaker  16:09
And

Speaker 2  16:13
I mean, we could change this to be the code tractions logo. The it's important what's happening is we're just so close to ready to do a rebrand of our product

Unknown Speaker  16:28
so.

Speaker 2  17:02
I'll think about it I but I'm thinking we'll probably keep it basic. And I know they asked about changing logos and stuff and I'll have to decide what I want to say there. So I mean, somebody I might push off and say well, I think that we're in the I mean, maybe that we're in the middle of a rebrand and but the main goal is that we will I mean the the main but the reality is that we're going to be giving phase two is going to give us a you know, a much nicer interface

Unknown Speaker  17:37
Yeah

Unknown Speaker  17:41
Okay

Unknown Speaker  17:45
sounds good

Speaker 1  17:53
all right, um, this one this was going to be just a printout of the report or the left pane of a report

Speaker 1  18:11
I guess I need to open up the markup for that we were what we were wanting it to be vertical but development resources report just wanted to get your thoughts on Yeah, on whether this would be reasonable to to have vertical or if we should just tell them that it needs to be horizontal.

Speaker 2  18:41
Will will all this information be available? Or is it only certain items?

Speaker 1  18:46
The cover image will be conditionally visible. Okay. It will be

Speaker 1  19:02
so there'll be two different places to print it. Anyone can can print it here from the advanced or no from the report itself? Sure. And then wait a minute, this is a multi page report. So we're not gonna be able to do it via the advanced we could just give a button to do.

Speaker 2  19:31
It let's see and part of what I'm I'm wondering if we should just create a dedicated export for this. I mean, maybe we can

Speaker 2  19:49
do I think you'll be I'm trying to imagine how tight it's going to be. Are you planning to do line wrapping if It's long, I guess.

Unknown Speaker  20:01
Yeah. Sure.

Speaker 2  20:09
Now, I mean status, you could probably narrow down. I mean, but would you be listing the status? I mean, does the export include non approved items?

Speaker 1  20:22
So this one, printing it from the report, which would of course, just include whatever result report generate resource list print out. And again, same here. Okay, would be whatever they whatever filters they set. Sure. Now, this one would not include

Unknown Speaker  20:54
Oh, yeah, it could include the thumbnail. Yeah, so either one of them could include a thumbnail. Sure. can include any of it basically. Yeah. Ah

Speaker 2  21:20
we can certainly do it. I think they're going to be a little surprised how tight it is. It's a, but we could you know, we can fuss with fonts and things like that. It will just take something so, yeah.

Speaker 1  21:36
For the member directory printout, it was the same thing there. And so we ended up with we ended up with two different pronounced one vertical one horizontal. Sure. The vertical one is, is excluding a couple of columns. Sure. Yeah. And then the one for the

Speaker 1  22:01
let's see, this one would be used for like there. Yeah, their notebooks the binders that they give out and whatnot to their orders, I think is this one you had with the bio? And that would be printed horizontal? Sure. So they they came to be okay with with that one is horizontal. So they probably would hear as well if you're, if we say that's what we need to do. Okay, which in a binder like it's not too bad usually to turn it so yeah, right. To me it's worth the trade off. Right and get all the information in there. Yeah. The cover images

Speaker 2  22:48
Yeah, yeah, I mean, I guess on the on the flip side if you're if you're taking a lot of vertical space for cover images anyway, it doesn't hurt to have some columns wrap a bit

Unknown Speaker  23:01
too true. Yeah.

Speaker 2  23:09
And I think I'd be fine with having them you know, fuss with it a bit. I mean, we can work with them then you

Unknown Speaker  23:17
get an idea. They'll

Unknown Speaker  23:21
need some flexibility but

Unknown Speaker  23:25
good

Unknown Speaker  23:40
all right. So we'll plan to do that and

Unknown Speaker  23:52
oh, yeah, that's this this this new here

Unknown Speaker  23:59
so

Unknown Speaker  24:07
Okay.

Speaker 1  24:09
Very good. There was also one section which section wasn't that you were already oh, we're talking about wanting to break down into membership details? Yeah, membership details. Yeah,

Speaker 2  24:27
I don't know how important it is. Nick has already I think create a product change for this. So maybe it doesn't matter. But just in general, if we can get it into I mean, 600 words is ideal. 1000 is probably close to max. I think we're at to 3000 here. So it just, it's it's a lot to code in one job and then it's a lot to test in one job.

Unknown Speaker  24:55
So but,

Speaker 2  24:57
I mean, I don't know how much I care. Next is gonna be the one testing, I coding it. So he could split it apart, I guess if he needs to.

Speaker 1  25:08
Yeah, and it was, it's one of those that it's really hard to know where to break it because this stuff interacts so much, right? And you're looking at it on the PDF, it doesn't look that much different to break it into different sections. But here, it's kind of nice to have it. or continuous. But there is a lot of content, a lot of complexity in this section, so

Unknown Speaker  25:44
okay, but if you're fine with keeping it as is for now, that's

Unknown Speaker  25:46
probably fine for now. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  25:48
we'll do that for now.

Speaker 1  25:51
Okay, very good. And then these we got these using the software workflow sections, basically, bullet points of what we're, how we're anticipating it to work. Does that I know we talked about that or even email conversation about that a while back of, of what that should look like, does that type of this type of thing look good to you?

Speaker 2  26:21
Yeah, and is this is this only for what levels need to understand this?

Speaker 1  26:27
This was, I think you had mentioned like you talked about how they're different. We've got all these different people looking at it, we got the developers, we got the designer, we've got the client and so on. So this would be giving trying to give a summary that everyone can look at and understand

Speaker 2  26:43
right but and for the client, group member of the group facilitators need to know about this or is it only admin reps?

Speaker 1  26:56
This would be mainly just for the admins looking at the proposal and then once you have living spec in their system then it'd be there for reference to we would be I would think that this wouldn't be standard members like we would have we are they would put together their documentation Yeah, yep.

Unknown Speaker  27:16
I think this looks good.

Unknown Speaker  27:20
Okay

Unknown Speaker  27:25
okay, very good all right. So some miscellaneous things here

Speaker 3  27:44
get up

Unknown Speaker  28:19
Okay, so with this job here

Speaker 1  28:35
sorry it's gonna take a minute for me to get my head it's when it's been sitting here for a while.

Speaker 1  28:45
Always sitting billing organization. You know what this one might actually be more of a question from Matthias. It's this is cch.

Unknown Speaker  28:53
Do you want to show me where it was documented or what?

Speaker 1  29:01
So the question had to do with setting and building organization when changing either contact

Speaker 2  29:19
solution provider, so change client code to be records. fields can be default on a change request. Okay, got it.

Speaker 2  30:04
So do you so are we storing on the client code client contact client organization? Billing contact

Unknown Speaker  30:39
Do we go back to the question

Speaker 2  30:50
default based on client contact Okay, yeah I guess

Unknown Speaker  31:18
so I think

Speaker 2  31:22
I'm kind of content to start simple in the making more complex. And

Speaker 2  31:39
so you select the client code, bam, it fills in the contact info person and the billing information. So, but yeah, I think we defaulted when you set the client code, and then if you change the contact will change organization. Organization, if you change the billing contact, we change the billing organization. But that's it. How does that sound to you? So, so maybe in defaulting behavior Okay, there you said default these five fields and then

Speaker 2  32:30
okay, and then I guess if you'd want to have just another default of it, well, basically all the other things I think we want to do is is create another bullet that says default the default the client organization when client contact has changed default billing organization when billing contact has changed

Unknown Speaker  33:00
and you say what was the second new super default

Speaker 2  33:02
thing except for billing? Okay. So changing the organization does not automatically change the billing change the billing does not automatically change the the client the client

Unknown Speaker  33:19
is that fair?

Speaker 3  33:25
I think so, yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  33:33
That makes sense to change them independent because you still want to override billing. Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  33:40
Yep, that sounds good

Speaker 2  33:46
now can you are we wanting to allow you to wow, that's fine. What happens if you change the billing organization the billing contacts not even associated with that organization

Unknown Speaker  34:10
you mean if

Unknown Speaker  34:12
so, so.

Unknown Speaker  34:16
We changed this to something that's not even associated with

Speaker 2  34:19
Yeah, Canyon City mugs or something don't Oh, well. Have you saved already? No. I mean, do you want to save first and then mess around? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  34:28
got it. Got it. Yep.

Speaker 2  34:44
Well, find doesn't right now. We could clear the contact filling contact

Unknown Speaker  34:58
what happens

Unknown Speaker  34:59
to be one have

Speaker 1  35:01
the larger chain or I mean a broader change? affects all incidents?

Unknown Speaker  35:07
Yes. I'm fine with not well, as is the other one that we're talking about? Which I presume those maybe those are working that way already?

Unknown Speaker  35:26
crafters?

Unknown Speaker  35:34
There we go. There we go.

Speaker 2  35:37
It looks like those are happening already. So I think we just say he does his job. He doesn't have to do anything about these these fields at all. Does that sound right? I mean, he does not change. Yeah, I think so He only changed he, he only changes it on the let me just call him in and also tell him explain it to him. Okay. She got a minute, Nick. minute. I'll show you something.

Speaker 2  36:10
Josh, where's the question from Nick. Okay. So on the this client code stuff, when you set the client code, then we default all those other fields. But we don't you don't do any other change behavior changes in this job. So you don't worry about when the billing information has changed. You don't worry about billing organs, or billing contact or main org or main contact. So the only thing you're doing is when the client Does that, does that solve your problem?

Speaker 2  36:51
The contact doesn't. Okay, well. So I think basically, you put behaviors on the on the client code. And that's it. And we're happy. So when you set the client code, you set djenepo at the proposal again, yeah, Tim, and scroll up to the top when we set the client code. So So actually, let's clear those last two bullets. Tim, I don't think we want those here. And so we just default these five fields

Speaker 2  37:26
okay. Okay, then understand yourself and say that the boss has approved Okay. Yep, that sounds good. Yeah. Good. Okay, that's

Unknown Speaker  37:44
cool

Speaker 1  37:51
All right. This one I don't know if this is still relevant anymore or not

Unknown Speaker  38:03
I think we're good to go. Look, I think I sent it to code drafters didn't I just yeah, it's sent to code drafters.

Unknown Speaker  38:13
So it's there's this spec.

Unknown Speaker  38:18
Is that spec sufficient? There? Yes. What you're what you need there.

Unknown Speaker  38:23
It's okay. For what we need. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  38:29
All right. And then think we might have just resolved this one actually.

Speaker 1  38:49
So I'm not sure why the internet is going slow here today. Yeah, I just sent an email. perfect result that one so I think that should that should cover it there. Yeah. That should be all for now. I plan to follow up then on Tuesday.

Speaker 2  39:26
Good. Oh, I can give you an update on the performance thing for invoices. We the short answer is yes. It has to do with restricted data. And there are not easy solutions. Well, there are some easy solutions. This occurs when you have a lookup records where you have 1000s of items in the list and you're restricting the entire record So because because what we're saying is, oh, we're restricting the invoices list which we really don't even need invoices to be tied to a list but they are today. And it's hard, it's a lot of work to change. Because I mean, for contacts you want to have a list because you want to have the list you want to have you know, a drop list on searches and stuff for contacts, but for invoices, we could just have that be a numeric field and and be done with it. The invoice ID but if it but it is currently a lookup record with a list of tied to a list and it is restricted. And so what we're doing is every time you while we're we're very frequently for agents we're needing to we basically go run through all the invoices to figure out which one the agents allowed to see. And that's just low. So I think the easiest way to do this if a client agrees is just saying that well, the very easiest thing is they say Do you remember why? We didn't want agents to see other invoices? Just just so they are not nosy or is there because can they see all be can they see all vehicles or only their own vehicles to remember,

Speaker 1  41:26
I think they can see all vehicles just not edit all vehicles got

Speaker 2  41:31
it. Okay. So, so basically I think what I don't want to say is you can see all invoices, but instead of making sure that the entire invoice is hidden if we just hide the amount of the rows and the amounts on the on the invoice so basically it would look like a blank invoice that you can't edit and then that would probably satisfy their price and makes that you don't know their sub set it out then I think we can deal with a speed problem that way. Does that sound does that sound like an acceptable solution?

Unknown Speaker  42:13
I think so.

Speaker 2  42:16
And I'm not even I'm trying to figure out if if the client even cares because agents are going to be running the invoice report we're going to will still have the invoice report only show items that will subset it to only show the items they should be seeing and so it would actually the only time they're going to ever see these blank invoices if if they would create their own user report or something like that. Look at invoices and at that point they will see some blank invoices make standard reports only show the agents invoices so

Unknown Speaker  42:54
make yeah

Speaker 1  42:59
this would be fully visible anyway you just if they're fine with just completely taking away that restriction. We just make

Speaker 2  43:08
you know what just from a from a management standpoint Uh huh okay, first of all the first thing we know we want to do is change standards are ensure that standard reports only show the

Unknown Speaker  43:28
only show appropriate invoices

Speaker 2  43:42
No, because I'm just thinking about things like if you drill into a contact record, if we let those invoices be fully visible when we could we should subset it out of the we've got that little invoices table there we should subset it out of there as well

Unknown Speaker  44:03
and

Speaker 2  44:16
on come on, yeah, sure. I think we should go ahead and hide. Hide the amounts. I think we could hide the amounts, all right and make the restricted or make invoices largely blank. And then I would say it's

Unknown Speaker  44:53
and I think I would

Unknown Speaker  44:54
hide I would hide status.

Speaker 2  45:00
I guess I just barely care about that one but anyway, not status amounts amount fields

Unknown Speaker  45:10
and memos

Unknown Speaker  45:14
and, and note fields

Unknown Speaker  45:18
and line items.

Speaker 2  45:21
The okay when I said amount, well, you should say all he status all line items, amount fields and memos and then also say make invoices read only to agents have other clients. So that will take care of their performance problems with this this one change will. Okay. So, do you think we need their permission to do this? I just don't think they're gonna even care. I mean, it's really a technical detail

Unknown Speaker  46:02
because

Unknown Speaker  46:03
they really like to know about it.

Unknown Speaker  46:06
Yeah.

Speaker 2  46:07
Okay, so why don't one of you go go ahead and reach out to them to explain what we're going to do? Do you think we can start coding it? Let's see, what is the No, today's Thursday? If you can get approval to me, then I can take it to I mean, if you if we get approval this week, I could get get contractors working on it next week.

Unknown Speaker  46:31
Mm.

Unknown Speaker  46:39
Hmm.

Speaker 1  46:42
Yeah, no, I think that we can, we can send over the summary to Bruce. And then and send him a text just to let them know that we Yeah. We send it over and make ourselves available for a call if he if he has questions. Yeah.

Speaker 1  47:06
And this, would you think it would take care of the whole slowness issue?

Speaker 2  47:12
Well, I don't know. We've had layer upon layer of slowness, things that we fixed. Yeah. So this will take care of slow invoices. Okay. And I mean, it certainly will take care of that.

Unknown Speaker  47:26
Okay. Which will include the

Speaker 2  47:33
preparing deposit some of the slowness, with preparing deposits, it'll include some of the slowness with and the bill creating fees. I think if creating fees, though, I think we've done some speed ups already. But yeah, and invoice reports and stuff will be faster to

Unknown Speaker  47:55
the we

Speaker 2  47:57
I had thought that we could we would just optim on Well, there's several things that I take away, if we don't need, if we don't have a good reason to to have a list. Or basically, we're kind of nervous about large lists, you know, lists with 1000s of items, especially when it when we have them restricted. And now, contacts is a place where I still like using a list Josh wishes we wouldn't, but for now, at least we will. And but and I can't really think of it. I mean, incidents are another example where there's we have a list and there's no reason those are lists. And that's actually why

Unknown Speaker  48:41
for if you

Speaker 2  48:43
have any incident restrictions, it's just super slow. So I'm going to we're going to have to tackle that problem separately. But that's the one that we've been having nzca

Unknown Speaker  48:54
Okay

Speaker 1  48:59
yeah, okay, good. Well, thanks for the update there. Yep. It sounds like a relatively simple

Speaker 2  49:07
Yeah, it does seem relatively semi simple fix so I'm good. Trying to think if there's anything else

Unknown Speaker  49:22
Well,

Speaker 2  49:22
I guess we've got a sales call in 10 minutes. So maybe we should call this good for now. And, and but now that we might also be able to, either on these calls or some other time, just start whittling away at some of the backlog on of client design stuff too. So. Sure. Very good.

Unknown Speaker  49:46
Okay, great. Thank you. Thanks a lot. We'll talk next time.

Unknown Speaker  49:51
Yep, sounds good. Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai