Unknown Speaker  05:38
Hey, hey,

Unknown Speaker  05:40
hey, how's it going? Good. Are you doing quite well?

Speaker 1  05:53
I am looking to signal trying to remember exactly. I remember several discussions, I still recall exactly what we wanted to talk about here. It's like yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:11
So let me pull up my list that we had

Matthias Miller  06:42
all right, analytic reports. I mean, I believe it's already on your list. You just need to let me know what that takes to keep us updated.

Unknown Speaker  06:57
Either. Can you hear me? No, you can't?

Speaker 1  07:15
Can you hear? Can you hear me? Sorry? Yeah, sorry about that. I was on my phone. I killed the Zoom app on accident. My bad.

Matthias Miller  07:22
Okay. Good. So Alex report. Are you gonna be able to get that to me by Wednesday, sometime with instructions on how to update the dashboard reports I can send it out to

Unknown Speaker  07:36
absolutely yeah. For sure. Yep.

Matthias Miller  07:42
They're also saying that they searched for truepoint in search for sheds near me in the area, and it wasn't popping up for them. And because I was feeling ordinary, I went digging around in the Google ads for ads campaign and saw that we're getting absolutely crushed on the branding. Search, which seems weird, but it is what it is. Anyway, I don't know what to tell them.

Speaker 1  08:15
I know exactly what to tell them. Here's me. Recording running. Yep. Okay, so a few things. Number one, we are not buying anywhere near the limit of the traffic. So if they wanted to show up for those things all the time, we wouldn't need to spend a lot more money. Number two, we never at any time talked about anybody wanting that. So like this is a case of Sure. I could do that for them. But nobody ever suggested that before. I am not particularly recommending that because I don't think that those two, I can go back and double check. But like, I'm not sure where the idea came from it. It makes sense that a random somebody who's a business owner would think that those are the best things. But that doesn't mean they are let's look at some data instead. And but like if they wanted that, they should have told me that I'm still answering the same question. Part three is that Google is not linear. Everybody kind of in the back of their mind still thinks like, oh, you bid on a keyword and your ads show up for the keyword. That's not at all true. Google is extremely algorithmic bordering on AI. And they will show your ad to whoever they please and not show it to whoever they please. And so even if spending a million dollars a month, there is actually no way to guarantee that our ad will show up at any given time for any given person. Does that make sense? So it's basically a case of what do they want? Do they want me to just go ahead and do that? Ain't no matter what it costs, are they willing to pay more? And is that actually the priority? Or is there just confusion around priorities here? So it makes sense. Yep. And if I sound ornery, I'm not trying to be wondering about it. I'm just trying to be quick and to the point. There is way more traffic to buy if they want to show up more often for more searches. Yeehaw. Let's do it. It's just going to cost them more.

Speaker 1  10:34
Okay, and then if so, if by any chance, a conversation like this comes up, so hey, we noticed, Jonathan, that you're bidding on some keywords that are costing a lot some keywords that are cheaper, why don't we throw all the money at the cheaper ones? That's a good question. It is not so simple. There's an issue on two levels with trying to dial straight in at 20 to only the best and cheapest keywords. And one is Google itself starts to behave oddly, if you narrow things down too much. I've proven this a number of time times in different accounts. The other is beyond Google and its algorithm there is kind of a network effect is not the right term. But when you bid on related keywords, apparently it has an actual, excuse me, effect on people searching. And when he makes that too narrow, the it's literally a matter of how wide of a net you're casting and when the net gets too narrow, it just kind of stops working, so to speak. So it's not that it's not that I'm not paying attention or don't care or anything like that, the and I do trim off the worst on a regular basis. I'm just real cautious about not trimming the net until it's so small that it stops working. Because I've seen this happen enough times.

Speaker 1  12:05
If they want to be seen more often for some really specific keywords, we we can do that. And we can treat the situation differently. We can actually bid on impression share instead of on clicks or conversions, which is literally telling Google and like branding is the only time I would ever do this is literally telling Google, hey, Google, I don't care how much it cost me per anything. I just want my ad to show up every time that it possibly can. And then and then that would help. It's still it's still it's never going to be 100% of time. But that would help cause their ad to show up more often when they're searching for a brand or something like that. I just questioned whether or not that's the best use of their money when they're not. We're not currently buying even 50% of the traffic that we could the best I can tell.

Unknown Speaker  13:01
Got it? Does that help?

Unknown Speaker  13:04
Yep.

Speaker 1  13:10
All right. And what else is on your list? You sound tired today, by the way.

Matthias Miller  13:17
were distracted, I don't know what I am.

Unknown Speaker  13:24
Okay, and then they want to do SEO.

Speaker 1  13:28
Okay, let's talk about this. So, first of all, I'm kind of the wrong guy for that maybe I don't actually do SEO for anybody. When I started my agency 11 years ago, I actually planned to go into SEO first about some forces, I learned a bunch. And I also learned that it was a massive headache. And I could not for the world come up with a reason for me to be doing SEO instead of Google ads. So how bad do they want it? And what what's the background thinking behind it?

Matthias Miller  14:00
Well, here's my opinion. It's the slow part of the year Indiana, smaller than North Carolina. I think it's a personality type issue as well lower trust issue. If I had to just read between the lines, they're squirrely and frustrated that they're not getting 100 leads a day or I don't know what they're, that's no, I'm just exaggerating and getting snarky, but

Speaker 1  14:20
no, it's fine. I get it. And right. I can't say is Indiana, are they is everybody.

Matthias Miller  14:26
In Indiana, there's like where are we like Why Can't We? What are we? We're silver bullets. Like what give us a silver bullet. Like we got to get these leads coming in? Like, where do we get the six six a day? Oh, let's do SEO. That'll work? Well, really. So maybe I just need to slow it down and be like, Hey, where's this request coming from? What do we need to accomplish? Let's go way back. What is it we're trying to build out? And then let's figure out the best way to get there and figure out what barriers are saying and when. I don't know.

Speaker 1  14:57
Hey, man, I got a site crossed into my mind that I want to see Alex right now in the second.

Speaker 1  15:40
Okay, by the way, and I'm trying to be real careful about this because I am not, I'm not blaming anybody or anything. And I don't want to come across that I'm blaming anybody or anything. It did kind of disrupt the whole, what we were testing trying to do and figure out to have the tracking broken there for a minute, and it is recovering. That's the good news. By the way, I've seen cases where things did not recover after a break like that. So that's actually great news, that it's recovering. But point being that the general frustration over why things are so bad in January, unfortunately looks like to me, you tell me what you think. I just think we had a perfect storm of bad time a year some broken tracking, we were running tests, multiple tests. And clearly Google and Facebook both Hateley in the ANA location much more than the North Carolina location, which I don't understand, by the way, I have no idea of why. Because we're using same ads and keywords, same settings, same whatever same targeting, and it's just for whatever odd reason behaving much worse in the Indiana locations, just like people there don't pay the same or the networks themselves don't behave the same as I don't know, I do not know what it is. But yeah, so like, all of this over the last few weeks is just kind of been low ebb tide, a big rough patch. And I think it's gonna get better from here, if they can just calm down. So

Matthias Miller  17:06
I think we also have the perfect storm of going from a busy season down to starting a new ad campaign in the worst possible season.

Speaker 1  17:14
Yeah, I agree, then they just somehow need to have patience. And I know nobody wants to have it. So we need on the SEO bit. So let, let me keep talking about that for a second. But I want to, I want to know what you're thinking. But let me just frame it up. So SEO, I do know several people who do SEO, and I can bring them into the loop as people that we kind of trust. And I'll explain the kind of part here in a minute. The thing about SEO is literally everyone who is not a total scammer is going to tell you that it's labor intensive, and takes months, lots of months, like a year, pardon me, before they're gonna get to see some results. So and it's not that it never works faster. But seriously, under most conditions, you start an SEO project SEO, by the sheer nature of how it works, is not something that you can turn on and off, you have to you have to hit the accelerator and keep it down for 12 months while it is costing you and it's not doing anything. And in the real world, very few clients except the ones who have a lot of patience and really understand the big picture. Most clients won't go for that they just says won't. There is some low hanging fruit around physical location. So thank goodness, they actually have dealerships with physical locks and an address. And so we might be able to, to rush a little bit of and this is referring to a few key phrases that clearly match the business name and title and description. And you're at the level that I'm talking about right now we're mostly talking about manipulating the Maps listing. So it's like, you know, imagine if you wanted a gas station or a grocery store that's close to you. And it's very straightforward root keyword and so, you know, possibly something like sheds near me shed store, shed company might be able to get a boost on that within maybe three to six months, but anything else is more more descriptive, more long tail. It's just gonna take a while and it's like it's a total waste of money to start into something like this and give up six or eight months later. And it's not cheap because real SEO other than the the maps manipulation that I was describing a minute ago. Real SEO requires a lot have a link building and a lot of Article production, not to mention website optimization, and you need all three, it's really not good enough to do just one. And it's yeah, like somebody has to really get in there and stick with it. Part of the problem with Link building is in a lot of cases, good links require maintenance, right like or even if you buy links, the people that you buy them from are going to want you to keep paying to keep the link there. Otherwise, you're going to lose the link that you paid for when you stop renting it, so to speak. And there's a lot more to it than that. But like this, this is the info that I just said, I have gotten from a very wide variety of people and sources for years. And they're very consistent about this people who are worth their salt at all. And last but not least, when I said people I trust, like, I know a few people who do SEO that I as far as a person, I trust them a lot, I actually trust them better than I trust myself, meaning, my confidence and their ability to really get this done. But there's just never any guarantees, you can do a lot of work and have either either a have Google totally ignore you, or v have them change the algorithm. So you actually finally got some keywords to get on page one, halfway up page one, and then all sudden, Google makes a change. And you drop back down to page two, right? Like there's just it's, it's really pretty wild and pretty. not guaranteed. I do. Sorry, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  21:38
It is a long game entrenchment. Like, but

Speaker 1  21:47
it is. And I like it. And I think it's worth doing as long as they're really committed to the long haul. And as long as they understand that.

Speaker 1  22:04
It's not going to be gee, we're not going to find somebody who's willing to do this for $600 a month it's really worth anything at all, it's probably going to cost them I'd say at least a couple 1000 a month to have somebody who's actually good at this take the time to do what's needed. Did you have someone in mind or a plan? Or are you hoping I can do it? Or what what were you thinking?

Matthias Miller  22:31
I don't have any kind of plan in place. I lay this stuff out to them. And if they want to come back and do this SEO, I think the question back is can we just reallocate this but the ad spin? Like what's the anyway?

Speaker 1  22:51
I agree. It's, it's a little bit. I mean, I'm all I really I'm serious about this. I am really into stability and redundancy for businesses, right? So you're not stuck with a single point of failure. I love it. I would love for them to do SEO. But if they're if they care even a little bit about ROI and we're kind of bootstrapping meaning like trying to grow this business month by month I don't quite understand why we would unless unless it's actually stated consciously not just as a knee jerk reaction but it was somebody who was intentionally planning that yes, we understand that but we want to go ahead and get started on SEO now because we know it takes a long time and it's time to get started. I'm totally for that. If it's just a knee jerk reaction like oh I think SEO is the next bright shiny object then no we really shouldn't and we should put more money into admin instead

Matthias Miller  23:59
give me give me one second all good

Matthias Miller  24:21
much work anyway, I've got goofy stuff. I love my friend mostly but anybody somebody anytime somebody calls me when I'm on another call, it kicks me off my spine find

Matthias Miller  24:37
that you random things like that. Well, that answers the SEO question. The next question is

Unknown Speaker  25:02
Workshop okay

Matthias Miller  25:11
now the client is going to marketing workshop Tuesday Wednesday and they want me to bring an ad campaign can you screenshots out and send to me

Speaker 1  25:30
was that an actual question? I mean, really? So what are they doing? I think your phone is breaking up a little bit so so gaves brother I keep forgetting his name is Mike.

Matthias Miller  25:49
This is somebody else's Indiana guy going up Tuesday and Wednesday, India. Okay. Yep. Anyone? Screenshots of an ad campaign to take along for some ad campaigns.

Speaker 1  26:01
Okay, we can do that. Just sounds like this totally Sounds like trouble in the brewing. Like what kind of workshop is this?

Matthias Miller  26:10
I don't know I just got the email. They just made this guy responsible for running marketing, sales and marketing management in Indiana. And you know, I have not talked through this at all and it sounds to me like he knows nothing about I don't that's not knows about marketing. Yeah. Okay. I've never I've never heard a marketing guy ask for ad campaigns to go to a marketing workshop before.

Speaker 1  26:42
Well, it sounds like somebody at the workshop what kind of workshop this is an upsell. They're gonna give some sort of critique they're gonna poke holes at the existing marketing and then say we can do better hire us the chances that what I just said is not true or is pretty slim

Unknown Speaker  27:03
yeah

Speaker 1  27:09
the fact that he's going when the Indiana district in general is under the impression that this isn't working well is not really a good sign

Unknown Speaker  27:22
at all

Speaker 1  27:25
okay, well not a ton you're I can do about it. When they say an ad campaign like what does he want? Does he want to screenshot of some ads does he want to see stats does he want to see targeting or and I'm not inclined to give away the house because the more data I give away the worse this is gonna go probably. What do you think he actually wants

Matthias Miller  27:50
to call it call the guy after after we're done tonight and ask questions and figure out what he wants.

Speaker 1  27:55
I be good. I'm good too. Yeah, if you can that'd be good.

Unknown Speaker  28:08
There is something really screwball going on?

Unknown Speaker  28:14
With the company are you saying that they're not communicating back to us? Yeah, yeah. What is Gabe think about everything right now.

Matthias Miller  28:29
I have not I have not talked to him about it.

Unknown Speaker  28:33
Okay. Well

Unknown Speaker  28:42
this guy I can tell you this guy wants control. He feels out of control.

Speaker 1  28:49
This guy new marketing manager or meaning the Indiana district business owner.

Matthias Miller  28:58
Owner the guy they put in charge of sales and marketing

Speaker 1  29:09
what does the Indiana district think we are like to them? What do they think we're doing?

Matthias Miller  29:19
I think buying leads probably okay.

Unknown Speaker  29:58
Are they you All who

Matthias Miller  30:06
say the people who are most willing to walk away from a deal with people with the most negotiating power.

Unknown Speaker  30:12
That's true.

Matthias Miller  30:16
And part of me would be really sad. And the other part of me would be really intrigued. It's horrible to say, but I'd be really intrigued if they just pulled the plug.

Unknown Speaker  30:30
And well, why is that?

Matthias Miller  30:33
Well, I would like to see them. Okay, what's worse? I mean, well, no, don't work with somebody else. Figure out what it's what it's like working with with. I don't know, anyway,

Speaker 1  30:51
you can do it on their own. They'd have to go back to their heritage brand, right? Because otherwise everything's passing through the two point system and your sales team and all that.

Matthias Miller  31:00
Well, but then they're gonna have to fix their if if they go back to the heritage brand? Well, yeah, fair, we'll have to exclude them. I don't know.

Speaker 1  31:16
Okay, well, and is your sales team working with them yet? Are they still doing their own thing independently?

Unknown Speaker  31:22
No. So still just in North Carolina?

Speaker 1  31:26
How does the current lead generation form and the auto responder and all that, like they have access to all that I don't understand and thinking from the perspective of how the lead flow works, it comes through our ads or site or funnel our system? And then how does that get passed on to them? Sales Team, then mean, the Indiana people who I think you just said are no sales team.

Matthias Miller  31:59
I mean, it's not directly the sales team, but it gets fed into our custom CRM. And again, they get an email on to get an entry in the custom CRM the same software platform, it's just an independent team.

Speaker 1  32:16
Yeah. That teams getting the benefit of the funnel and the email follow up, though. Right? And is there anything here that I'm not understanding? Or?

Unknown Speaker  32:26
No, they are? Yeah.

Speaker 1  32:28
And, and are they looking at all this as a one piece system? Because what what I'm trying to say, and I'm not playing hardball, it's not the point I'm trying to say is, let's, let's assume that the worst happens. And I think the worst is like they decided to have somebody else run ads. And then we have to say, Well, okay, that's fine. But you got to go back to your other company brand, your other website, you got to do your own funnel and your own ad accounts. And then they need to be removed from the CRM and the whole system, right, like so. In other words, did they see it isn't one, you know, a package deal? Or how are they looking at it? Because I don't want whoever the new marketing manager is to think that he can take some data or some screenshots from us. And this is not the only thing I'm worried about. It's just an easy example. Go to a workshop, get some guru who's almost certainly running the workshop to critique it and say, Okay, I'm going to hire this guru to run my Facebook ads instead. And the rest of it's all gonna say the same. And we need to be able to say back to him, No, you're welcome to give us any data feedback or requests you want, including insights from the guru. But if you're going to take the ad account and give it to the viewer, you don't get any of the rest of this either because it's our whole one piece system. Right? Does that make sense? And I'm not trying to be mean about it. I just hope they understand that they can take bits and pieces and do what they please while still keeping the rest of the system or access to it. Unless you somehow told them that they may in which case okay, fine. I hope you didn't know

Speaker 1  34:15
Do you think they're cognizant of this fact that right that it's not something they can break into little parts and do what they want to?

Matthias Miller  34:27
I don't know. It's not that I don't have really, really anything besides

Matthias Miller  34:41
this. I don't have any reason to have a really bad feeling about what this guy's up to. I just have a really bad feeling about what this guy is up to.

Speaker 1  34:56
That's fine. You don't have to have reasons. All right. Well, let's see what happens if you can just get clear clarity from him on what he wants and you know, I know it can be uncomfortable to have conversations and I'm not trying to put you in a bad spot. But if it is possible to basically say hey, what are we looking at doing here you're going to get feedback from this guy what you're going to do to feedback like I said it's probably worth this kind of talking it straight on you know, put it under the terms of like okay if you're gonna get feedback on our marketing campaign let us know what that feedback is you know I'm saying or something like that I don't like situations where you have to kind of play ball was somebody when everybody on both sides know that this is ridiculous this shouldn't be happening or isn't good and yet nobody's willing to actually say that out loud. Of course I'm guilty of doing that and in all kinds of different ways for different situations. But it's not good I'll think okay, well great. Is that all the top items in your list or some more to go

Matthias Miller  36:09
don't forget the whole thing about screwing this up this is totally my Okay, well let me let me make sure there's something before this

Matthias Miller  36:35
normally I'm quite careful when making these changes recently with this client we've been playing pretty fast and loose with on some of the software side and it's one of the reasons why I'm not a developer because when I actually had to literally be that careful it killed me I think this is just a a we need to do I mean it is a this is my bad it was a really done mistake. I should have checked and triple checked and I think I double check but didn't triple or quadruple check and there was one or 2% of the use cases that failed because of that

Matthias Miller  37:27
so anyway, point taken I don't think we should be very careful going forward is a gentle but firm gentle kind but for me and slap myself the chicken coops play houses

Matthias Miller  38:10
I wonder if we could pass a hidden parameter into those that I don't know though. Maybe it literally is a different Okay, the obnoxious thing on the chicken coops and play houses is that those are going to the parent screen and.

Matthias Miller  38:45
Parent navigation that is the quote that shared across all pages, we literally just create our own static read only screen as a habit.

Speaker 1  39:05
So let me back up on this. And this is all the only reason I'm even talking about this is I'm just trying to optimize this funnel and get cost per lead down and make things actually work. So if you come from an ad, so you're you're looking for chicken coops and you respond to an ad it's about chicken coops. There's nothing wrong with them knowing that the coop is being made by a company that makes sheds. But if you get to the site, you pass through one page, it's about chicken coops and then all of a sudden, everything that follows up from the forum to the emails, everything else is all about shed, it's just going to be very confusing. User experience, right? So, first step in fixing that I thought would be to make a modified copy of the form itself. The type form where The tight forum is basically only talking about whatever they came for chicken coops or play houses. I was initially thinking that that was mostly a matter of removing the all the discussion of other types of sheds, right. So it's just like we're doing get rid of 80% of the other stuff so that it's clearly just talking about chicken coops or play houses separately, and just keep it focused. Later on, we might consider then doing something about the email series as well. But I think I don't know what all you have set up. But I don't think this has to damage or destroyed the interaction between type form and the CRM, active campaign or whatever, because we can just hook it back up and add any additional triggers or automations that are necessary to make everything work correctly. But then, but then hopefully cleans up the user experience quite a bit.

Matthias Miller  40:55
Why wouldn't we just add conditional logic to the type form where if they select chicken coops as an option for you don't want to present them with that option, even at the beginning.

Speaker 1  41:08
user perspective, I think we'd make sense. So they've already responded to chicken coop and the chicken coop paid. So it may as well just automatically flow along all about coops. Sure. And the request to have them choose a chicken coop option first would be like what does it help is to just use the workload down or

Matthias Miller  41:35
means to touch the website, I can just adjust the type form. They say I want to play house with chicken coop and we skip a whole bunch of questions.

Speaker 1  41:46
And I can't think off the top of my head how many questions are in there that are related to the queue? So then that's the flip side first, easy, lowest hanging fruit is to remove all the other discussions. But then second, I don't I'd have to go back and check. But I don't think the current type form has a lot of questions that are taking cues specific and it might be better to add a few

Matthias Miller  42:07
roof style it's nothing is specific roof style saving type top selling sides. All those are probably not necessary. Configuration isn't really needed. So you would look to add more questions in regarding chicken coops.

Matthias Miller  42:27
This is part of me. Here's one of the reasons why I'm being cranky. Well, number one, I'm already cranky with cranky with Indiana that's completely unrelated here. Second of all, chicken coops do not seem like the majority of their business. So we're going to build out a landing page for the minority of their business to help drive conversions on that. Oh, no, it would be easy.

Speaker 1  42:47
Only because you said they said they wanted to push chicken to some play houses right now. And unfortunately, marketing is marketing. And concurrency matters.

Matthias Miller  43:10
Think they asked for something and didn't know what they were asking for.

Speaker 1  43:13
Oh, I agree. And I wasn't like I wasn't totally tickled when the request came in. But it's also not to me, it's not so difficult that we can't live with it or something like I didn't. I didn't see any reason to push back. I didn't see a reason to push back. Why are we spending one minute on this when they could get more leads by spending more on said? You don't say it? But yeah, I don't know. Occasionally I wonder if anybody in this whole equation actually knows what's ball game we're playing? We're in the field. We have a ball. Game is this?

Matthias Miller  43:46
No, I don't think they do. I mean, I don't even know if we're selling tiny home shells or kids.

Unknown Speaker  43:57
We don't where did that one come from?

Matthias Miller  44:02
Well, I mean, I was gonna inform her that she wasn't

Speaker 1  44:08
seriously did that come from them? Or is that you cracking a joke?

Matthias Miller  44:13
No, it's me asking. It's me asking the question. We've got two different buying buying personas and barriers on both sides. But we're not fixing any barriers on either side.

Speaker 1  44:26
Who, who's buying tiny homes because I was under the impression for nearly a year now that we're actually selling sheds and that it was working. I mean,

Matthias Miller  44:37
people who are coming through looking for sheds, who are ads that are that are planning to use it for tiny homes.

Speaker 1  44:46
That's perfectly fine, because there's apparently still on Google looking for sheds so it still works. Yep. Doing the way do we have any tiny home questions in the current type form yet? You know, that's a really easy low hanging fruit solution right there. If you have a second, if you don't mind. So seriously, if there's a big market out there, and I don't, I don't care where they came from, maybe they've been watching TV or reading magazines, and we're talking about tiny homes, something somewhere, somehow gave them the idea that, Oh, hey, I could buy a shed and I could turn it into a tiny home. Great, they got the idea from somewhere. So then they go, Okay, step one, I need to shed, they get online, they search for a shed, they find this seemingly reliable, trust worthy looking shed company, and they contact them about getting a shed it is for a tiny home. But the middle part of the of that process that I just said out loud, which is the only part that affects us is still they were looking for a shed. Now. Once we get a hold of them, we can say, Oh, you're looking for a shed any chance you're one of this interesting group of people is looking for a shed for a tiny home. And when they say wow, yes. How did you know that? We say no problem. You're not, you're not alone. There's a bunch of other people out there. And we have tiny home options just for you. But there's no need to change anything in the middle of the marketing funnel itself. You know what I mean? Yeah. Do you like what I just said? Or does that sound annoying or something? I think it sounds great.

Matthias Miller  46:25
Well, okay, so let's talk about the sales process. Are we willing to do tiny homes, and we're losing, we're losing them for prospects for a variety of reasons. Number one, the only thing we're willing to do behind the walls is insulation, electrical, we're not willing to do plumbing. So that's a barrier number two, rent to own. So these people don't have credit. So rent to own financing is an issue. We can't, we can't finance them.

Speaker 1  46:53
Those are totally solvable. The first, the first one is we find a company who is willing to do plumbing, even if that means post delivery and an entirely different company, or some dude who's looking for a side job and owns a pickup. That's the plumbing part. And then the financing, as there's got to be a company out there somewhere who will do financing. I mean, there's companies right now that are growing rapidly that they, their reason they exist is to give tiny little pathetic ecommerce stores who have no ability to do financing the give them the ability to add a button in their checkout that says get financing through XYZ. Right? Did that make sense? There's got to be a company out there that would handle the financing part of that.

Unknown Speaker  47:55
Okay, and then I accidentally cut off your third one. That was point number three.

Matthias Miller  48:00
We've got sheds. And we've got problems because financing in South Carolina is difficult.

Matthias Miller  48:16
And people are still dropping off and going and buying from a local somebody down the road versus

Speaker 1  48:22
us. Because all because of price or all because of financing or something else.

Unknown Speaker  48:30
We've dominantly price.

Speaker 1  48:32
The top line, top line price, right? Like just the total sticker price.

Matthias Miller  48:37
Yes. It seems like a lot of these buyers are really pretty shopping.

Speaker 1  48:47
I probably would. If I was buying a shed I'd go price shopping.

Matthias Miller  48:55
Okay, we get away from the price shopping game, or is that just rules of the game? So

Speaker 1  49:00
that's a question for somebody. That's a question for somebody who's smarter than me. I don't think there's anything wrong with actually selling a legitimately better shed for a higher price. And I also don't think we will ever persuade the market. It is a commodity market. It's a expensive one, but it is I don't think we'll ever change the market to where people are willing to spend more just because it's better. I think some will and most won't, and I don't think that'll ever change. Yeah, this this sounds like a good question for roundtable.

Matthias Miller  49:38
Well, I mean, part of the recommendations there was also to shift into tiny homes where it's not commoditized yet and it's high growth.

Speaker 1  49:53
I hate this word shift. I don't think that's the real world. It's There's no reason at all not to pursue selling tiny homes. Ever heard the old analogy about like, there's two restaurants side by side and one says cheap food and the other sort of really fancy expensive food. And it turns out that they are actually sharing the same kitchen in the back, literally the same kitchen. But the menu, the price, the way it looks, the amount of effort goes into it is one thing on one side, and a certain kind of person goes there. And it's an entirely different experience and price point on the other side. And so adding tiny homes on I'm all for it. And like I almost don't even know what we're waiting for, in a certain sense. But the idea of trying to remove them from the shed business sounds really bad to me. Why would you and if you're not leaving the shed business, the problem still exists. And either a we need to accept it or be we need to solve it. But starting a whole other niche brand, company, whatever it is not really solve the problem does it unless we're looking at it from the point of view of like, there's three people in this company, they only have 24 hours in a day. And they can only build one thing today, it's either a shed or a tiny home. And so it's more profitable for them to build tiny homes. And so let's drop this whole thing and become a tiny home company. But that sounds crazy to me. There's shed builders, and they're good at it and they have a brand and a reputation and everything else you know.

Matthias Miller  51:39
Okay, next question. Setting all that aside, would it not make sense to start feeding your Facebook and Google Click IDs for anybody who's either had more than a five minute conversation with us? Or send us an email? Or has sent us a text message?

Speaker 1  52:01
Yes, I would love that. I have a feeling you're asking a slightly different question. And I think you're asking

Unknown Speaker  52:11
well, rather what are you wanting

Matthias Miller  52:19
rather than getting caught up in philosophical wranglings over tiny homes or not or like all the things and how much work this is going to be can we just sell the marketing engine the fetus more leads like the ones that we that we like and just the problem solve itself that way?

Speaker 1  52:43
Is think you're asking me to build a look alike audience of buyers? Is that what we're really talking about?

Matthias Miller  52:51
Conversion Tracking beyond just I filled out the form to get a conversation with the sales team.

Speaker 1  53:00
Yeah, yep, I love it. And we totally need that anyway, because I actually meant to bring this up as a separate topic so currently aren't oh, by the way this feeds back into that conversation we had at the beginning when I said there's a reason that I'm not narrowing down on only the cheapest CPL keywords. So we are currently optimizing for lead cost, which is not the same as optimizing for ROI or for buyers and the reason for that is I don't have any buyer or sales data to feed back into the system right now. So I don't I don't feel like it's urgent everything is is fine and has been fine but as you get some bandwidth let's try to solve this

Matthias Miller  53:48
do you want So currently we're getting lead information for only about half the leads iOS tracking or if it's something else I know Hieros claims that like the number one I don't know what percentage of leads are able to attribute but if I only give you if I can only give you half of the leads that actually converted is that still good? Or a third of the leads that actually

Speaker 1  54:16
um, so let me think this through for a second. So all data is worth something incompleteness is totally part of the game it happens Hieros claims to be able to work around this Kairos is very expensive, and I don't know a whole lot of people who are totally happy with it, especially for the price point. I would love to I would love to try that it'd be it'd be fun be a blast. I just don't know if the we need right now. I can upload both the click IDs as conversions, but I can also upload email addresses and phone numbers as customer lists so I can play the game but was waists? Sort of not not? Not entirely? It's two different data points, and you do two different things with them. But both of them help

Unknown Speaker  55:08
you they have to be in your geographic area.

Unknown Speaker  55:12
No, don't think so. Any kind of data

Matthias Miller  55:21
I can give you I can give you all probably shouldn't give you Ohio's email addresses. But boy, that would be fun. But I can give you the past year or twos worth of an account can't give you wholesale customer email addresses, but I can give you retail customer email addresses from the past. However long I refer back, you want to Indiana, North Carolina?

Unknown Speaker  55:51
Yeah, let's do it.

Matthias Miller  55:54
Okay, well, good, better reunite.

Speaker 1  55:59
Sounds good? Yep. Um, yeah, let's do that for sure. So and then eventually, what I need is I need I need click IDs back along with some values. So like, we can say, Oh, look, this click led to a $30,000. Sale. And at the at the far distant end of this, that's the most valuable data that I don't have any insight into at all right now is value reporting itself.

Matthias Miller  56:40
And what did you say about the middle?

Speaker 1  56:42
Oh, and in between the lead and the sale? I'll take any other info in the middle that we can get? At least in the short run?

Matthias Miller  56:52
So do you want me to make up a number really, if we have a conversation there with 100 bucks? And if we close them, it's the pressure to deal?

Speaker 1  56:59
No, no, we should do that, too. That's not what I meant. I meant like I'll take think of it as sales, pipeline milestones. So firstly, become a lead, it is a great idea to assign a value to that, but that's a totally separate conversation, they become a lead, they're worth they are worth a cent right, which market is that? They have an actual inner, you know, communication with sales team, now they're worth a little bit more, we can assign a value. But that's not what I meant. I just that would be like another milestone, it's another data point worth pumping into the system. And then like they got a quote, meaning they got way into the sales conversation. That's another good data point. And then eventually, they buy in money changes hands. And that's the best data point of all, that's the one that I need concrete values on.

Matthias Miller  57:44
So the easy thing would be, I would also be very easy to give you a list of people who were quoted, you know, that were quoted, and I can also give you like ideas and values for people who were quoted. Yeah. Let's do anything conversation.

Speaker 1  58:06
And now, so I can take this data in CSV spreadsheet format, and upload it manually, we can totally start with that. We can also, I'm not sure what Facebook supports, I'll have to check. But for Google, at least we can automate the import. So like, as an example, if you're able to have a process that pumps out a CSV onto a web server, like the nightly update, or whatever, or weekly or whatever we want, then we can have Google just read that list and automatically import the data every day. So we're always getting fresh sales that are freshly data.

Matthias Miller  58:44
Does it have some kind of authentication method that we can use?

Speaker 1  58:48
Yeah, you can you can use a standard HTTP off. Okay.

Matthias Miller  58:55
Oh, I mean, it would be easiest, honestly, would be to have a use basic authentication on a web hook that runs a real time report and pushes out a CSV.

Speaker 1  59:11
Yeah, you do that. There's also speaking of webhooks, there's also a developer's API that allows you to actually push data to Google. I've never worked with that at all. That is a possibility. Okay. All right. Yeah, any of the

Matthias Miller  59:34
manual burrs, for sure. But then, once I code, those are the CSVs. That will be very trivial to give you give you a URL that you can download them using Facebook. Great.

Speaker 1  59:50
Good. That sounds like a plan. Let's work on that. Okay, um, and then, in addition to that, I'm wondering What is the big picture look like for North Carolina? Like, are they trying to grow in the most general sense? Like they like to progress and they want more progress? Are they super happy and want to keep things the way they are? What's the general outlook?

Matthias Miller  1:00:16
I mean, they don't want to, they don't want to outgrow their production.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:22
And how does that make sense? How close are they with that? I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:00:27
15 for they want to turn their, their production over to retail only, and we don't know. We're bringing the physical locations across and trying to get them to help sell these lead cold leads leads as well. But I don't think we're, you know, if these people are on target, they're a third of the way there.

Speaker 1  1:00:54
Okay. I'm sorry, we're how far away there a third. Oh, a third. So they need. So they need three times more of these direct online sales, retail sales before they achieve their current goal. And the actual bottleneck is lead flow or something else?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:23
sales conversions.

Speaker 1  1:01:26
They have enough leaves. They're just not converting enough. Yeah. Okay, let me play devil's advocate or whatever for a second. So let's pretend that at 20, the sales team is not fully optimized. But it's to the point where it's law of diminishing returns, and it's not going to go spectacularly better, anytime soon. Meaning conversion rate or whatever, wouldn't that mean that the actual solution is to buy more leads and run more through the system?

Matthias Miller  1:02:02
Well, and lower costs, I mean, the cost per leads is Well, between what they're paying, paying you and I and me for the sales team. The cost per lead is too high.

Speaker 1  1:02:14
It is don't forget now I can't comment on the sales team. But don't forget that on my end, no matter what we do, we're not charging them more for service. So cost per lead intrinsically comes down with increased lead flow, they have to pay Google more, but they don't have to pay me more. Yeah, does that make sense as a math equation

Matthias Miller  1:02:38
where we need to run those numbers and take a look at those kind of things. We're actually not might not be that far from that. But

Speaker 1  1:02:50
the cost per lead on and I remember telling me like three, almost four weeks ago that CPA was up, and total rate was down all that. And that was before conversion tracking broke. So I seriously think that like, I think January was bad on its own. But nonetheless, this week, meaning in the last half week, actually last three, four or five days, since you identify the tracking problem and fix it, the Google lead cost and the Facebook lead cost came way back down again. So like actual cost per lead generated on the ad network is in moderately good shape. And I think Well, now that things are working, we'll be able to get it better again. Also, as the spring warms up, I think it's going to come down better. Yeah, and so if we can increase that flow in total by spending more on ads, again, on my end, at least the service fee does not go up. So it actually gets spread thinner across all the leads, like my cost per whatever is less than more leads that are involved. So I just kind of think and where I'm going with this. Oh, there's probably several places to go. But at least one is it kind of sounds like we ought to buy more leads. And quite frankly, they need to just spend more on traffic. Here's another thing, Alex said this completely independently from me, he it caught his eye. The cost per lead is less when we buy more like just the algorithms on both Facebook and Google are just doing more for us. And the cost is less when we're simply spending more and we're getting more volume both. So it's like every time we try to constrict a bit in order to fit the budget. And I'm sorry, it's been so rocky up and down and all that but every time we constrict not only are we buying less leads, but the cost per lead goes up. And I think it's just a matter of these networks are they're greedy. I think they're tilted in favor of the big advertisers. And I think it relaxes a bit when we start buying more traffic and then when we dial that down and they just kind of like one way or another the cost per lead does not stay down and rises. Yeah, so I think it's I think it's literally been should allow them to buy per lead, no matter whether you look at it on the big scale or the per lead scale, I think it's beneficial for them to spend more on ads. Yeah. I could do a data analysis to back that up if you want, or I kind of I don't know, and I don't like that, by the way, but we can, if we want to show them something that helps them understand that that was part of the perfect storm in January, by the way as I was trying to say we kind of had runaway lead spend at the end of December, beginning of January. And in addition to all the other problems, I was trying to construct the budget and they clearly had a negative effect on both Facebook and Google when I did that.

Matthias Miller  1:06:06
Well, let me let me Okay, especially put together let me run some new numbers

Matthias Miller  1:06:20
I gotta drive, I gotta call this Indiana guy, and I gotta get back to my family. So

Speaker 1  1:06:24
sounds good. Let's talk later in the week if you want.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:28
Yeah, sounds good. All right.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:31
Yep. Talk to you later.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai