Unknown Speaker  00:31
Hey, Matthias.

Matthias Miller  00:34
Good morning, Marissa.

Unknown Speaker  00:36
How was your weekend?

Matthias Miller  00:37
It was good. It's relaxing. Oh, that's good.

Speaker 1  00:46
It was wonderful. My son turned nine. And we had a family birthday party. So it was not restful, but fun.

Matthias Miller  00:58
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  00:59
morning. Good morning. How's it going? Oh, it was fun.

Speaker 1  01:06
It was so cool. He's He's the oldest of all of his cousins. So it's like he's nine. And then you just have like 12 to 15 other kids that are a little younger than nine. So it's a lot of always fun. Just uncontrolled chaos. Right. A lot of the room to energy. Yeah, a lot of a lot of joy that they they're really, really sweet. I've it's one of the parts of family. I don't know if you guys grew up with siblings or cousins around, but it's one of the things I've really enjoyed moving through this season. It's really fun.

Matthias Miller  01:44
That's awesome.

Unknown Speaker  01:46
Yeah. What is your hat? Same story. This says, yeah, just do it. All right.

Unknown Speaker  01:52
He's my hair today. Bad hair day this morning. For Monday, just do it. I love it. That's awesome.

Speaker 1  02:06
That Wayne on a call see a 260. Area code.

Matthias Miller  02:22
Morning, Michael. Good morning. Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  02:42
All right. Well,

Unknown Speaker  02:46
our last

Unknown Speaker  02:47
small gathering, right? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  02:50
It is really small gathering.

Unknown Speaker  02:53
And then it'll be what nine people in the call. Wow.

Speaker 1  03:02
Yo. oratorian, I started off with some strong volume for the post weekend leads. I think I have over 15. And I think Tory also was floating in right around 1015. Just from the after Saturday rush. So we have a pretty full basket this morning. As far as lead, follow up goes, or I should say, quoting goes because this isn't quite follow up yet. So we will be focusing on that this morning and then heading directly into follow up. I believe I just wanted to get your confirmation on this, Michael. I think I'm at the point now where anybody that was quoted for that 10% off in January. It now has expired. And that was just kind of the way I was going to approach it. Tori. I don't know if you have anybody that's close that we were kind of holding on for but so I have

Unknown Speaker  04:06
Oh, no.

Speaker 2  04:10
He's finishing like all his permitting stuff. And he's trying to get an electrician. So I mentioned on Saturday that he might be getting that on Saturday, but I did follow up with him this morning. And he said that I guess nobody was working over the weekend. So he should be getting that today. But he had like fibers applied Swissquote so just depending on looks like for any electrician that may potentially close and there was another lady she was on like disability so she had to call backyard financing. She don't want to fill out the applicant. And I you know because she has different needs to put in. So she call wasn't able to reach them. Oh, she's so she's hoping to get a call back today or if she doesn't she's gonna call Come back and see if she can do that application over the phone. Right. So she did have the 10.5%. But that's all just those two people.

Speaker 1  05:11
Just some feedback, it's really essentially showed me how to use the backyard financing submission, I have found it very, very easy to go from being on the phone with the client to sending them that resource. Michael just wanted to note that because of how smooth that has gone so far, with clients saying I got the email and filling it out. I mean, the results aren't always positive because of their credit history or debt to income ratio. But the the ease for the sales team to just set them up to apply is phenomenal. I was actually really surprised how simple it was so

Matthias Miller  05:49
good voices,

Speaker 2  05:51
just to give a little feedback on a guy that actually selected an option for financing. It was with reprise like he was shown an option through reprise, but they wanted to use his car as collateral. But he wasn't, he didn't want to go through with it. So that turned him away.

Speaker 1  06:11
The fine. Civic? Well,

Speaker 2  06:14
yeah, prize. They that's how they do it, because it's a secure long. And I guess just in case that disappears. You know, they have something that cartitles so Oh, then he wanted to see some different options, but I don't think he was able to. So I'm wondering, I'm wondering if the option that they're presented just customers all across the board, but I'm not too sure on that.

Speaker 1  06:43
Wow. So interesting.

Speaker 2  06:47
I don't know how many customers will want to use their car title as collateral.

Unknown Speaker  06:52
If that's the case, right.

Speaker 1  07:04
I have not encountered that yet. But that is just something I'm gonna be notating although take the Wiki article about backyard financing, just as like a hey, we've we've learned this through our experience thus far that this is one of the options the client might be presented with.

Unknown Speaker  07:18
Okay, I'll definitely be added to that as well. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  07:23
that's interesting.

Speaker 1  07:30
Oh, Tori, this was something important. We talked about this on Friday, Michael uploaded all of those measurements for the buildings in notion. And they're underneath of where the engineer drawings are. They're awesome. They're always like visual sketches with all the dimensions of the interior. For all those you know, pitch and ridgeline height and spacing on the walls and top plate like everything is very detailed. And they're very nice. They almost are similar in the way they look, the engineer drawings, so I think they'll be great for emailing documents to customers, they can kind of digest all the dimensions, but let me know if you don't spot them that they're on that page where you click on engineer drawings, they were just below that.

Speaker 2  08:22
Okay, thank you for letting me know. Marissa, and Thanks, Michael. This useful information they'll be very helpful.

Speaker 3  08:30
Good. I hope they will bring clarity and

Unknown Speaker  08:37
and less questions for you

Speaker 3  08:49
on those two on those two invoices that you're working on Tori, there if you can, and this week, it would probably make sense for you to keep buying discount this weekend for those people.

Unknown Speaker  09:10
You're kind of cutting in and out Michael. I don't know if it's better there. Yeah.

Speaker 3  09:18
Sorry about that. So on those two invoices, you're working on that have that five and 10.5 attach this kind of attached to it that you are trying to get across the line this week. Due to special situations. I think that there's still need while you you know for this week's to still continue to play those as those people have legit. Point their birth permitting, etc. So curious to see how that goes.

Speaker 2  09:47
Yes, absolutely. I'll definitely keep you updated on that. Be nice to get them across the line. Yes.

Speaker 1  10:08
Just a quick question for clarification, I saw a couple votes come through with chicken coop selected from the inquiry. I just wanted to ask if that was available in the North Carolina sales region, or if that's only available in the Indiana or regions.

Matthias Miller  10:29
We really want Indiana and the tapeworm actually indicates that it's possible that people are still selecting that. Nonetheless, just have to let him know that. Okay, firstly, it's not available in there.

Speaker 1  10:51
Then just a recap from Friday, we talked a little bit Tory, before about vinyl being a need to be sold, that there's some inventory. That is, Michael, I'm probably not doing it justice describing it. But my understanding is we got a lot of it, we need some more of it. And so the jheel that was going to be presented in February was to do with discounting a steel structure, but then also offering a kind of like a more of a back pocket deal. It's not going to go out on the email campaigns, but in talking with people will be offering vinyl, the same cost, as would for February. So if that's a way to sell more vinyl, that will be the goal.

Unknown Speaker  11:41
Okay, that's all in February.

Speaker 1  11:44
Michael, is it just February? Or is that Louise kind of taken out month by month basis on that one with the supply? Surplus?

Speaker 3  11:55
Sure, yeah. So we were before focusing on February for that. And a free upgrade for vinyl, just like Reza was talking about. If we do sell that just be sure to do still select the vinyl upgrade, so the invoice shows properly. And then do a line item discount again, below it to show that that fee has been. Okay. Likely and then just be sure to notate the notes section. You won't need to know did the note section just notate the line item as the February be vital upgrade promotion?

Unknown Speaker  12:36
Okay. Awesome.

Speaker 1  12:40
We also talked about having a somewhat of a back pocket discount for internal use. And, Michael, I believe the way I the way I took this, I thought it was a great conversation was when we're in conversations with a customer and we feel like, you know, maybe it comes down to their monthly RTO payment. And there's just that little bit of wiggle room on price that if we brought it down, it would seal the deal for them. And so I asked Michael, if we could have, you know, a margin to work with and not offer it. Hub, it's not a public offer, it's not an email to offer. It's just that, you know, as you're almost crossing the finish line with a client, you can have that in your back pocket. And Michael, I believe you had shared that 3% would be the maximum for that wiggle room discount. And that we could use it Tory in two ways, either as a, you know, hey, let's get your price down overall by 3%. Or we are running the math and we are strategically applying it to market to the client like hey, let's take you know you get 200 bucks off your windows because it fits within that 3% off range. So if you have a guest, let's say maybe they're picking smaller windows like 24 by 36 but they really wanted a bigger set that were insulated, you could potentially use them discount in a way to upgrade them to the product and as well as you know bringing the price down for them on that product at the same time. So it would really be like a strategy discount that you could use to i i mentioned lofts as one of those scenarios where it's like you can grade it but then kind of pull back a little bit on the cost so that the client is sealing the deal on their building. Like I really wanted that but I just can't get the loft or I just can't get the windows I wanted or just can't get the upgrade on the prehung door I'm gonna move on to another company because their shed overall is cheaper and then I can get those options so this would keep them with us and then give us that power to discount those features that are kind of their deal breakers I guess then those conversations.

Speaker 2  14:53
Okay, that's awesome to know. That's good to have in our back pocket. If need be.

Unknown Speaker  14:57
For sure, Michael, anything I missed on that So

Unknown Speaker  15:01
that was good.

Speaker 3  15:04
The only little side comment on that if we do run, you know, other promotions, obviously, we wouldn't combine those, for instance, February with our promotion on designer metal. And on the vinyl upgrade, obviously, they wouldn't use simultaneously. So the 3% could be used or the vinyl upgrade or

Speaker 1  15:34
that would be at any given time to worry. So if there's ever a promotion that we're running, we would not apply this back pocket discount at the same time that they are taking advantage of one of the public discounts. This is just for that scenario, where, you know, there is no discount available to them, or it doesn't suit their building need what they have, and we can just offer that only as necessary in you know, that sales pitch conversation.

Unknown Speaker  16:00
Okay. Awesome.

Speaker 1  16:09
And then I think, you know, over the year, we'll probably track those Michael on keep a spreadsheet of those because I want to be sensitive to how effective that is. I know that was something Eric had mentioned to us about having that little back pocket deal to pull people over the line while not marketing a product as you know, budget we don't want to market the product as budget. So I'm curious

Speaker 1  16:49
I'm not sure if I know the discount for designer steel, like the number or the percentage for that upgrade for February.

Matthias Miller  16:59
Get that sent out. Here. I'm just gonna

Speaker 1  17:05
have a domain notepad has x x dollars. What are we solving for x?

Matthias Miller  17:14
Go back to algebra. That's right.

Speaker 1  17:27
One more thing, Tori, I added a wiki page for my email template for thank yous that I'm sending out to sales for, you know, hey, thank you for your purchase. We love having customers like you would you give us a Google review. If you have a template too, you could probably just edit the doc and add it. So we have like maybe two different templates to pick from. Okay. Whenever you have time, there's that'd be nice to have it in one spot.

Matthias Miller  17:55
So this

Speaker 1  17:58
two, three and a half and five. Cool. Thank you

Speaker 2  18:09
what's the promotion on a designer metal? Did I miss that park?

Matthias Miller  18:13
It's in discord. Turn it off 10 foot 350 F 1214? Why it's.

Speaker 1  18:29
Great. Anyone else have any other questions or updates for the group? To the year?

Speaker 2  18:54
How will our calls be set up moving forward? It will be kind of be worse. And I'll be sharing our experience. Well, I mean, tomorrow actually, what we'll be sharing our experience. From an online perspective, will they be sharing their experience from the brick and mortar perspective? Just our first call like tomorrow,

Matthias Miller  19:17
well first call tomorrow. One of the things we want to do is some intros and brief getting to know your types of things. They will also be fielding calls that are not are not showing up on the lot as well. So I'm sure there'll be some conversations about how to fuel those leads that handle those leads. And such but but yes, looking to integrate all of those types of questions into these morning calls.

Speaker 1  19:51
Is there a software to play is it tonight Matthias that all that inverts like the lot inventory list and the list You'd assignment thing. How does that settle out?

Matthias Miller  20:02
Yeah, it's going to be either be tonight or early tomorrow morning. We ran into an issue over the weekend updating assist to the latest version. So that's not going to happen until tonight sometime. Okay. So yes. Oh,

Speaker 1  20:22
I definitely like just a little bit of feedback and and Sisk really liked seeing the page, click that the guest left when they submitted their type form that has been so helpful in sending them, you know, very specific building quotes, and they're on the Sullivan, they're on the Orwell, they're on the Princeton and then you know exactly what they're thinking in their head. Like they like that type of building. It's so helpful. And I've noticed that they email back really quickly, at least the customers that I've been like, trying to tailor that dial in that quote a little bit better. They're not sold yet, but they're actually answering as opposed to just blowing it off and not paying attention. So I definitely think that's helping a lot with getting folks on the phone or, you know, getting them active emailing

Matthias Miller  21:08
back. Yes.

Speaker 3  21:21
question that I have. Bead pipeline. So as we continue to grow that pipeline. Last week was a good week for leads, or was lower, but last week was again, really good. You've just identified as well over the weekend is really strong. But the question being with the with the pipeline that we have, and it filling up, do you see a difference there? Into the for clients that as I continue to build, do we have more and more people that it seems like are getting their number that are qualified lead or a lead that is worth spending time working on? Like we're getting close to the threshold of closing? Do we see that number rising as that pipeline builds? Like, oh, two months ago, I might have had threshold I'm working on ones later with so many more in the pipeline going, Oh, I have 15 or 20. Now that I'm working on that or does that look? Question?

Speaker 1  22:59
I'm hesitant to take a stab at that was an anecdotal experience, Michael, I think we probably could see the numbers on it based upon the leads that are in and the ones that are qualified. But it doesn't feel like the ratio has shifted dramatically to me, from the volume of leads that have entered in the percentage of leads that are becoming qualified, the volume has increased, but the ratio seems to remain the same, if that makes sense. So if there's 100 leads that come in, and 20 of those become qualified, that, you know, double that and say 200 Come in and 40 are qualified, that ratio seems to be similar, or the same. Does that answer your question?

Speaker 3  23:49
In one aspect, yes. The other question that's been ringing in my mind, do you have more customers like? Everybody has different customers, different personalities, they all have different timeframes that it takes for them, you know, from Yeah. And to close things. So some may be a day and some might be weeks. And some might be more. But do we see do you see a greater number today that you feel confident or under the threshold of closing this week than you did two months ago? Does that continue to build? Or does it not really change from

Speaker 2  24:41
I wouldn't say that I see a greater number. Because like over time, people have fallen off, you know, people that I've been in communication with like something comes up or they fall off. So I wouldn't say that it's much greater than a few months ago.

Speaker 1  24:57
And I think we're facing the The seasonal component, the season that we're in in the middle of winter, I don't think that the, the, the basket of those that are qualified that are looking to convert, a lot of them are long leads, like they're looking for later in the year, or they're doing their initial research, and they're going to be our customer down the road, their feet, they're dealing with the permitting issues like we've talked about in the past, or HOA issues. So no, it does, I agree with Toria, it doesn't seem like there's all of a sudden a bunch of people lining up. But I don't attribute that to poor lead quality. I think that's just the season we're in in January, February, I think if these folks were on the calls with us in the middle of June, they would be feeling the urgency to bring that building to their property because they need it, I don't think people are great at planning ahead and forecasting what they need in the future. They're just very, like, shoot from the hip kind of approach on a lot of this. So you think that's why it feels a bit slower. We had a short conversation Matthias and I about the difference between a shed customer and a tiny home customer. And I'll just add to this conversation, Michael, that we get a fair split on folks that are heading purely for a shed for purely for a tiny home. And we lose a lot of the tiny home customers in our qualification process. Because, you know, we're not a tiny home manufacturer. They can use them, obviously how they choose to, but that's not our specialty. So I think some of that observation is important, because that is a strong customer base, potentially. We have worked with several folks, I think that have, you know, they've done the cottage route, they've really finished out the building, and they've made it like this tiny home quality. But as far as that broad pipeline of people sending in a type form, I think they're pretty close to maybe 6040 have sheds, and tiny homes, or tiny home light in what they're looking for, which tend to be a much longer lead than a shed, because they're calling and then they're saying, I'm lining of land, I'm lining up XYZ. And so we're pinning them out for later discussions. I hope that helps just with some of the experience in storytelling on some of these calls with folks.

Speaker 2  27:37
Whereas I also think that we lose the tiny home customers, because well, in my experience, a lot of them want to do mentor. And you know, don't want to go the financing route. So

Speaker 1  27:48
100% Yeah, it's like it's assumed that rent to own is available, no matter what you're writing, you're building more. And so Tori and I are somewhat, you know, vetting that and filtering that out early, so that they aren't rejected on the valley side. And that yeah, that puts a big damper pretty quickly. I think overall, I know this is kind of hyperbolic, but the US is in a housing crisis, there is no doubt we are getting leads, people are saying homeless, looking for a house, you know, getting kicked out of my apartment, like the tiny home buyer may not be the buyer that is able to purchase from truepoint, which makes them a not a qualified lead. But they're still looking in that direction. So it's, it's somewhat some of what I'm hearing is that and that goes to what you're saying to worry with the rent to own because folks are looking for at the lowest price possible.

Matthias Miller  28:46
But then to that point that there's within within each of these categories, there's two different types of leads, because there are also people like the investor who wants to buy a dozen of these maybe. Yeah, exactly,

Unknown Speaker  28:57
exactly.

Matthias Miller  29:00
And I think one of the things we've been in conversation with is optimizing our marketing towards, first of all, towards people who are willing to have a conversation with us, as we are able to attribute those conversations back to ads. And that may help to weed out some of these things. But I think understanding these things is it's helpful. I actually have I'm going to drop here I'm very interested in having this scene where this conversation goes.

Speaker 1  29:34
Yeah, for sure. It's almost like half and half right? You have half sheds have tiny homes. And then within those brackets, you have half that are like the high quality investor looking for the premium product, and then half they're looking for the cheapest option on the market. And the same goes in the shed category two. So we're trying to loop the fish that are the high quality investor, you know, might be a longer lead, but it's going to profit us more in the long run. Not necessarily being able to serve the folks that are looking For the cheapest thing available at the time. Yeah, you gotta go. Sorry.

Matthias Miller  30:10
Good, I'm gonna drop all that you guys might have to drop this drop in waiting for to start the next one. I'm not sure, but we'll give this a try.

Speaker 1  30:18
Okay, if not CL Yep. Michael, did you have any other concerns or questions to that? I think I mean, we're open books as far as the feedback of what we're understanding and learning through this process.

Speaker 3  30:35
Sure. So just what's ringing through my mind, one is at home versus sheds, and again, our conversion rates. So if our conversion rates are really good, and one and not good in the other, we have two options. One is shifting our marketing focus toward the one that's successful in campaigns, or that the other and

Matthias Miller  31:04
so you have a clear

Speaker 3  31:13
image at a successful one and feel at the other. And then it's pretty clear all of our efforts are going into one and that are bringing, you know, both together, we're just the 4060 Which one is 60? Sheds?

Speaker 1  31:31
Dead? That's chapter 60. For sure. As far as interest when we get those type forms, Tori, what do you think I'm thinking 60% of the type forms come in, and it's clearly storage related or maybe workshop she shed, it's still storage related. And then 40% seem to be more like cottage, cool house, camping cabin, you know, actual tiny home like kind of pie in the sky ideas of like, what are they doing with this building? If not a shed? We don't think about that ratio

Speaker 2  32:06
for UTS 6040 7030. I think I think 6040 is probably more more of what is looking.

Speaker 3  32:17
Good. I would say this is a good start to the conversation.

Speaker 1  32:22
Yeah. And we can probably look at that more clearly. I'm sure there is a way to look at the Tanith fields from guests in bolt and be able to quickly highlight those that are saying you know, needing housing or either they're pretty vocal about that in their type forms when it's a tiny home scenario. We might be able to quickly get a kind of account or a little bit more some hard numbers on how many are these that's helpful.

Unknown Speaker  32:58
Yeah, we can definitely do that. Yeah, that'd be helpful.

Matthias Miller  33:01
Good. Well

Unknown Speaker  33:04
sure. Absolutely. Yeah, okay.

Unknown Speaker  33:08
So you're wondering is what

Speaker 3  33:09
efforts go in and then the sales that are closing what are the sales closing and also an on carrying our lead flow messaging going out? Cre lead flow? Yeah, we

Speaker 1  33:24
most of the buildings. Maybe we should look at the ones we've sold to Tori I'm looking at my list here and I'm looking at the design the style the size, and I will say there none of them are purely a tiny home. The one that's going to be a tiny home will be the one that that guy Frank Mick ISON purchases the huge building that he put on hold for a few weeks to deal with his insurance claim but so far Michael what I've sold have been you like Designer Series, sheds or storage theory sheds but with kind of a like a workshop. Upgrade and kind of use case they're not just tiny eight by 12 that they're thrown their lawn mower and like these guys have a vision or these ladies have like a vision for their building and how they're using it. But they're not tiny homes.

Unknown Speaker  34:21
I certainly do you think Tori

Speaker 2  34:25
I haven't really sold like a tiny home type because it's to that it's like a man cave. Mm. In one or two people have like the insulation and paneling the others have been garages workshop. So

Speaker 3  34:43
it's just probably clear in that if we are closing, high end sheds unique things like that and Designer Series, you know exteriors, larger ones for unique usages but not specifically can identify with the tiny home issues that come out of it. Usually there's a lot of well, the rent to own doesn't qualify. And then there's red tape for plumbing sewer, there's there's structure, there's, there's so much going on. And if we identify that truly, we struggle a lot to land those specific customers. At the end of the day, we're spending most of our efforts 50% 40% of our efforts for no return. Right. And at that point, it makes a whole lot of sense to maybe articulate a little bit and say, well, let's tailor a message to maybe more emphasized on quality value design or citing exteriors, the and focus on that on a marketing message and also focus.

Speaker 1  35:48
100% agree 100% agree. And Michael, one of the things I mentioned earlier was, you know, appreciating the page that folks are on on the website, when they click the type form, a lot of them are on the build quality page a lot. So we don't know what building they want. But we know that that has caught their attention greatly. I mean, it's a mixed bag, obviously, right? You have some folks that are sending in a quote, because they were directly on one of the the website pages for one of particular designs, but there for at least in the list I have right now there's quite a few that were just on the build quality list, or just looking at that page.

Speaker 3  36:36
Good. Well, I think we learned from it. And let's need some more feedback, maybe maybe articulated a little bit on that. Push that direction once for a week or two. And let's see what kind of results come out of the efforts. Sounds good.

Speaker 2  36:52
All right. Michael, quick question. Quick, quick question. Are you able to see, we're ready Taylor's built in is in line. He's won in a quick update on that and

Unknown Speaker  37:05
the Taylor,

Unknown Speaker  37:06
Randy Taylor.

Unknown Speaker  37:09
Any quick note in that you can check

Unknown Speaker  37:18
you don't have the invoice number in front of you or the student number.

Speaker 2  37:23
Let me see. A connection is terrible right now. Do you mind if I shoot that in an email? Oh, no, I can. My connection is a little down right now.

Speaker 3  37:36
Actually, I see it here. Randy Taylor is on.

Speaker 3  37:52
You see him top of the list on real files. There's the he is right on that threshold. They can see that I can get a more specific one on that.

Unknown Speaker  38:02
Okay. Thank you. Good. He's excited. He said his tree has been removed and he's, he's

Unknown Speaker  38:15
so good. I'll get an update and I'll send it your way.

Speaker 2  38:18
Okay. Thanks, Michael. Have a great day, everyone. All right. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai