Speaker 1  00:09
Okay, so are you listening? Yeah, you are. Okay. So I want to give you some information about the the sanctuary. And what the sanctuary is, is a mastermind for successful entrepreneurs doing seven to eight figures in revenue. And this mastermind has two particular focuses. It has a focus first of all on on Christ, and what does it mean to live out a dynamic, authentic, faith filled, bold relationship with Christ, where we get to operate our businesses from a place of rest, from alignment with our calling and for maximum Kingdom impact in our day to day how can we make prayer, the foundation, the first the first priority and the foundation of our business? And and so that's the first part of it. The second part of it is how do we live with how do we build business with excellence because we are here, the people in this group are here specifically because they are called to create money and to create wealth and they're called to make money and create wealth. And you know, this is a place where we are to be wise as serpents and harmless as doves. So we are not messing around. We're not playing around. We're here to win. We're here to win big, we're going to create an outcome for you. No but but and we're we're here to do it with excellence. And so that's, that is the business side of it now. Then there's the question of what are you going to get out of it? Well, my goal is that between two things, there will be an onboarding call prior to you. Starting it you'll have an intake and an onboarding call. And prior to us starting it, my goal is to get you to your ROI. The first first ROI, where you have completely paid for the program through the first meeting with me and through the first things that we do with our team.

Speaker 1  02:45
And then second of all, our very first meeting, we're going to I want to clarify something about how this is run. There will be some training sessions but my primary goal is to keep training lightweight, and to keep this workshop oriented. And here's why. These are foundational fundamental pieces in business. And if you capture them well and if we orchestrate this well, then what you're going to want to do is go repeat these these workshops in these exercises consistently and I'm here to move these to the top of the list and make sure that they actually happen. My goal in the very first meeting is to lead you through a series of exercises within your business and some basic fundamental perspective shifts that will that will pay for the second return on investment. And here are some of the topics that we're going to cover in that first session. First of all, what we're going to talk about is the a the billionaire. Pass and what I mean by that is we're going to look at the hypergrowth of a consultant to billionaire status and his process and his criteria for doing that. So number one, how to identify hockey stick opportunities. Number two how to create hockey stick opportunities. Number three, spotting untapped opportunity before your very eyes and number four, pruning success killers

Speaker 1  05:09
and these are the fundamental mindset shifts within business that will that will radically change change your life now. In addition, we're also going to touch on the spiritual component. And during this first meeting my goal is to lead you and to connect you deeper into the place of of your calling in business where and you will have a chance to be in a place of quiet and a place of thinking and openness and hearing so that you can directly get his directives and his heart for your business.

Speaker 1  06:03
That will be all within a 45 minute period. And then for each meeting so so then how are the meetings going to be structured? The meetings are going to be structured in a two and a half, maybe three hour let's say it will be a three hour session. We'll have workshops and trainings for an hour and then we'll specifically have hot seats, where we will wait each each person is to come to the meeting prepared with specifically the places that they need help with. And we will distribute all of these things to each of the individuals. We're going to take a minute of silence. A few minutes of silence everybody is going to write down their questions. They're going to write down potential resources and and we'll have a moment of sharing these with each other. And then we will also have for people who have based on whoever is interested in it the most or who needs it the most. I don't have the criteria yet. We will also have hot seats where people will specifically have have the chance to do be in a hot seat, discuss their issue or their problem. And we'll be able to solve to solve for that.

Speaker 1  07:45
Some of the other topics that are all of the topics will be adjusted based on need throughout the year and based on the people who are in the group. So some of the things that will be addressed is KPIs and metrics advance advanced marketing techniques. Sales acceleration, operational efficiency, AI automation and.

Unknown Speaker  08:29
Hiring recruiting


Transcribed by https://otter.ai