Matthias Miller  00:23
Good morning Tori.

Unknown Speaker  00:24
Morning Matthias how's it going? Good.

Matthias Miller  00:30
We're getting a little snow here. Oh

Unknown Speaker  00:36
that's not uncommon for Colorado

Matthias Miller  00:40
we don't get quite as much snow here we get about 13 inches of precipitation a year.

Unknown Speaker  00:44
We're so excited about it

Matthias Miller  00:51
in different to be honest.

Unknown Speaker  00:55
I feel morning, Michael.

Unknown Speaker  01:00
Good morning great morning to North Carolina.

Unknown Speaker  01:10
Good morning where you sir?

Speaker 1  01:12
Hey there. How's everybody? Better? I'm so glad to hear that Tori. It's amazing what a little Rex will do. Isn't it? Nice to meet.

Speaker 2  01:26
I appreciate you are giving me a little time yesterday to get my life together.

Speaker 1  01:31
No better to rest and free group than to wear yourself out. That's what I always say. Absolutely. I had a neighbor. She was when I was growing up. She was in her 80s she's, you know, 20 years later. So she's long past but she had said what, whenever I'm tired or sore, I don't take medicine. I just lay down. And she was me this little lady and she was always like, Yep, I have a headache. Don't take an ibuprofen. I just lay down and that was like her thing. She was always like chest rest if you need rest. Rest. Rest. So I think she had something going for her.

Unknown Speaker  02:14
Oh, yeah, she had it down. She had to cheat.

Speaker 3  02:17
Yep, she knew. Pretty cool. That's awesome good. Alright. Just a little bit about your little win. Your little your big win yesterday morning. What's the two minute version of that little story? Yesterday afternoon? Oh, yeah. So

Speaker 2  02:41
yeah, the leak came in about around noon. And I did the template the sample quote. And the guy was like I love it. Let's just add what'd he say? Let's just add AC and he and then he said can give me a call. So I gave him a quick call. And he was like, let's go ahead and do this. I want to do rent to own and then I told him what the payment will be for 36 months and he said Oh that's easy. He was like he was like 518 There's nothing okay cool. And then we just finalized the process and that was that that was the quickest sell I've ever had

Unknown Speaker  03:19
made amazing

Unknown Speaker  03:22
yeah

Speaker 3  03:23
sounds way too easy. Is there any way that we can see which lead that they are which campaign or or post or ad that brought him in? Is it possible to see that

Unknown Speaker  03:43
no see? I know it's Google

Matthias Miller  03:50
let me see if I can find out specifically which one let's see this one was this Randy or Frank

Unknown Speaker  04:03
this Frank Frank

Matthias Miller  04:08
Frank came in from add a column here session oh

Matthias Miller  04:32
alright, you came in from Google. Let me give me one moment and I will. Okay, now I can do it like this. Yes, values.

Speaker 2  05:06
He was begging to have delivery before the night. I know that was the latest date as projected delivery, he was like, Can you please please, please have a deliverable for the night? I'm not sure why

Speaker 3  05:26
we can attract these customers. Right, begging us to move on. Like, that'd be awesome. Any call on the auto responder? How does that work? If we move this on to a wand status, does that automatically turn the auto responder off? Or? Or is that a manual process?

Matthias Miller  05:55
For right now is still a manual process. But this morning I've been thinking about it it's it's kind of been on the list for a while but thinking through exactly how how to do that. And it's actually one of the things I was looking at doing today is setting up the automation so that the said that the lead has contacted sales gets flagged appropriately and that we have the opportunity status. Well, we have a habit running something like every hour or something like that every couple hours. So that way, that way, you guys don't have to you guys have covered a lot, or juggling a lot already. Now, that takes one thing I forgot to split.

Speaker 2  06:41
Right. I think it also be a good idea to take tourists at Patterson off the auto responder. I don't want her to get irritated that was the lady that she wants to visit the Latin Mocksville and we had like the thing with the bank of for flu, ginger and I because it sounds like she's thinking about coming back around and still purchasing with us. So she said she was so interested I saw that email this morning from

Speaker 1  07:12
so Matthias you're adding a potential automation that if the client is one, it will drop them from auto responder as well as campaigns that would be set up or would excel first.

Matthias Miller  07:24
First of all, your step one is at the point that the opportunities qualified, they would mark them as contacted. Okay. And then second of all, if at the point that you close the deal, then we will update them as being one.

Speaker 1  07:47
And lead has contacted sales is the tag in Active Campaign that exclude someone from the auto responder

Matthias Miller  08:00
from the auto responder, but not the promo.

Unknown Speaker  08:02
Not the problem. Okay, so good. What happens with the promo what happens there?

Matthias Miller  08:10
The promo includes everybody who's not one lost or abandoned.

Speaker 1  08:14
One last event, okay, so they have to then move into that state of being one, two.

Unknown Speaker  08:22
Okay, okay. Is there a special tag? Can you remove them from the promo?

Unknown Speaker  08:27
Yeah, that would be a nice one.

Matthias Miller  08:31
Good. wouldn't take much

Matthias Miller  08:39
I mean, that unless you want to start excluding people who have contacted sales from the promo as well, I know we talked earlier about using this as a tool to kind of get them over the fence, but

Speaker 2  08:51
ya know, certain people like the tourist lady, and then someone that I in like, as a promo representative is like, this is what I can do for you type thing. Right? Yeah. So I don't want them to see the problem. I'll be like, Oh, this is a promo like

Unknown Speaker  09:13
not so special anymore. Exactly. You try to play me What are you doing?

Speaker 3  09:30
That's an interesting thought like this one. You close yesterday, Tory. Close it. And then the next day he gets Oh, 10 and a half percent off. He's probably like, Oh, really? So can we add that to my order?

Speaker 2  09:44
Right, exactly. It looks like email this morning. No. Because that went into effect yesterday. Right. Matthias since he was moved into the one category.

Matthias Miller  09:57
Yeah, I mean, until I had automation Marissa needs to make sure that she updates imports, the Active Campaign contacts. But if I get the automation done, she doesn't have to worry about that. Yeah, he wouldn't be

Speaker 1  10:10
nice. I need to kind of break that down a little more. What does that mean? Is that when Tory has like a new lead, or I have a new lead that we don't want in the promo, we need to then re upload the contact list? Or is that the difference between someone being one and someone not being one?

Matthias Miller  10:30
It's the difference between someone being one versus not one. If they're one, then then the import would take care of that, or you get this

Speaker 1  10:40
just toggle it? Yeah, this way more efficient to just change the setting in the opportunity status for one person. Like, if I'm in contacts yesterday was the one hit wonder I just got paperwork back from a guy that was purchased from 8am in the morning until the end of the day. It it's so weird, it's so weird. I'll send you guys a summary of it. So opportunity status needs to be set to one that can be done manually at the contact level.

Matthias Miller  11:24
Okay, one of the things I'm planning to do. So for all the confusion here on the Active Campaign export, so let me back up. Currently, opportunity status does not show one until you close it out. And I'm planning to make coding changes so that as soon as you have a sales order for an opportunity, it will show it as being one.

Speaker 2  11:52
Okay, instead of having to manually go select one. Is that what you're saying?

Matthias Miller  11:56
Yes. Well, instead of having to close it out and manually select the one correct, you have to do both of those things right now. Okay. Now, in the short term here, let me let me just let me see if I can just do a script. Let me let me do a screen share. And let's see if we can.

Speaker 1  12:13
And when you say close it out, you're referring to closing out the opportunity for the client and in transitioning.

Matthias Miller  12:19
Okay. So way to do this,

Speaker 1  12:28
you know, not to throw a wrench in this plan with eyes, but I have not been closing the two dues for some of those clients, because there's so much ladder follow up once they're sold. I can mark them as one, but I still need reminders on contacting them at certain points along the way. So I don't know if that's yeah.

Matthias Miller  12:47
So here, let me let me just let me let me see. Let me just show you. And this might make sense to you.

Matthias Miller  13:00
To read this might be a little small for you. But let's go find one. That's one. So here's Randy. In this report, here, he's shown as one. Although if you go into the opportunities, Oh, this one actually was closed out. See if it's closed out is closed

Unknown Speaker  13:28
on top as Tom close as well?

Speaker 2  13:44
Speaking of William something happened yesterday. So he said he asked a question he was wanting to pay $3,000 on his RTO after delivery, and he wanted to pay an additional additional 700 a month on top of his $318 a month payment. So I got Liliane on it. And she was telling me like the best thing to relate to the customer. And that was for him to pay 3000 before or upon delivery. So we can do the cost reduction contract, and to put the 700 to the side and then just make one big early payoff. So the customer wasn't really comfortable with that. And he was saying he wanted to cancel. And I was trying to stop it. And I said that Leon would give him a call in the morning just to clarify and make things more clear. And just discuss all the options. And then he was like No, like I want to go ahead and cancel. It kind of sounded like a little bit of an excuse as well, because he mentioned like being transported somewhere in a month. So yeah, that might have to be a cancellation. That building has not been built though. But that didn't make me a little nervous about zero. Dollar down.

Unknown Speaker  15:01
Yeah. Heard of the pros and cons though, right? You're gonna. Yeah, that

Speaker 1  15:08
is true. How many deals because of offering $0? Down? I think occasionally there will be a guest that comes back without having that money down. Yeah. I don't know how frequently you guys see that, or have seen that General

Matthias Miller  15:29
was wondering the same?

Speaker 3  15:31
Yeah. But pattern behind that that something that keeps coming up, like, where's that balance? And continue to get feedback on that. But it seems like we win more customers through that, then we lose. And hopefully that continues. But if that ratio were to change, maybe we take a different viewpoint on it. But yeah, I think we just need to be aware that not everybody, it we will lose some. That's just the way it will be. But that we tend to lose sight of how many we actually want through it then in return. Oh, yeah. I want to sell out and at the end of the day, I think there's still more win than losing.

Unknown Speaker  16:23
Okay. That's a good thing.

Matthias Miller  16:28
Something to consider with that as well is every industry has got different rates for refunds and cancellations. And it depends a lot on how aggressively you sell. And I think I think there's, I think one of the worst things is that you, you post this as a sale, and then it's kind of a gut punch to have to cancel it. I do think, though, that there's, it's, there's an expectation that not 100% of sales will stick. And if 100% of your sales are sticking, then it's possible that you're not actively pursuing people who are on the line enough. And if you know, a third of your sales are sticking well, you're being way over aggressive and creating a whole heap of trouble for yourself. Just understanding that that target isn't isn't 100% It's not a target varies, but it's maybe more like 80 to 90% or 90 90%.

Speaker 2  17:39
Right. Michael in this case, would it be okay to go in and cancel the building? I was waiting to hear back on or I was I was waiting to hear back from the domain and lean on me

Speaker 3  17:54
well if the issue is he wants to pay extra throughout his I understand that's what he's wanting to do. Right?

Unknown Speaker  18:11
Yeah, he's wanted then he ended up seeing

Unknown Speaker  18:14
his monthly payment

Speaker 2  18:16
right but the customer ended up saying no, I just want to cancel it. So he also mentioned something else I can be in transferred in a month and he doesn't want to deal with this issue then so so it sounds like a cancel for sure. That's what I was thinking or a military maybe I wasn't sure what he meant. Okay, interesting.

Speaker 3  18:44
Sounds like the underlying issue is something else and the excuses I'm going to be more sounds like an excuse to get himself out of it. Like scot free you can provide me with what I'm looking for. So therefore I want to cancel but the real issue could be wrong in that but is reading conversation I would wander and the policy that cricket Valley has is just that that you can do extra money up front to deliver your payment it goes directly towards principal throughout the contract, it does not so you would need to just like me and describe that so that that policy by credit value won't change. So I mean, if the customer is adamant that I want to cancel out. Probably when you've tried helping him in solving these issues. sidestepping the real issue is probably the right thing to do now this is you have a different opinion

Matthias Miller  19:49
Yeah, I don't know that. There's I don't know there's a lot of wisdom in trying to step between them and cancellation human cancellation Think if there is anything that could be done, it could be a there's something that kind of came out of our conversation recap yesterday morning, but already gulper has has a basic motif about sales. And he says the point of sales is to get the truth not not to the sale. And Eric said the same thing, it's more important to get to know than it is to get it. But it's just as important to get to know Is it is it Yes. In this case, if there is a way that you can lower his defenses and say, you know, look, I went ahead and I cancelled the building. And I'm looking for, you know, I don't know, I don't know how you want to say this, you can feel it out. But I know this is a bit of a frustrating experience for you. And I'm always looking to do do my my job better? Would you happen to have any feedback for me? And create that opportunity for him to speak into it chinaware his defenses? And see what comes out of that? And he may give you an answer. He may, he might not. You can't really predict what's going to come out of that. But it could be both a useful learning experience. But it may also, like, like Michael said, reveal the underlying reason of his underlying objection. But also take the pressure off

Speaker 3  21:22
a little thought I had on this one was, depending on where he's being moved to, hopefully it's being moved to a different station and not to the jail that if he's just being moved to some of the rotation where we can actually delivered to, you know, maybe the seat could be planted that, you know, perhaps the need may come up at your new location. And if so, you know, we're here to help you or whatever. Even we could delay or redirect the sale to this location, as a last ditch effort, may or may not mean, I'm not sure, but it could be explored in some way. Okay. But we don't know.

Speaker 2  22:15
Okay, perfect. I like what both of you all said. So I'll kind of combine it in the sense and see, see what his responses are. Okay, so jumping back

Unknown Speaker  22:34
between yesterday. I'm sorry, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  22:40
We can just wrap up the previous conversation quick. Here's an opportunity that's quoted choses quoted here on the opportunity, but here in the Active Campaign expert Mercer I changed it into show is one because we have an attached sales order to it. So in the future, once Nicholas gets back in the office in February, I'll have him make a coding change so that if you have an opportunity with a sales order attached to it, that the status will automatically go to one here without needing to close it out. Okay, so that solves the active campaign issue, the CRM is still going to show show the decoded status until we get that change. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  23:26
I'm not entirely to be completely honest, I want to make sure I'm understanding the steps correctly. So when I sell Darryl, the order injects into the builder log, but it doesn't automatically change the status from quoted to one. Correct. Okay, so that's still a manual step by editing the opportunity.

Matthias Miller  23:53
Whenever at whatever point you want to close it out.

Speaker 1  23:57
And then the can you help me understand why the Active Campaign report shows one is that because it's pulling from the builder status, or it's pulling from somewhere else to get that no

Matthias Miller  24:09
information is pulling, it's pulling from the completed, it's pulling from the sales order, sees that there's shows that something has been sold that's been attached to this opportunity ID.

Speaker 1  24:21
Okay. And because the two systems sync on a regular basis, until I would upload this manually, it would be syncing off of the opportunity status, which is still set as quoted,

Matthias Miller  24:34
no. If we do automatic syncing, then it's going to pull this status here, it's going to pull it as one. Okay. If you do it manually, until then we'll need to sync it manually to flag this one. Okay. So the very short answer is that active campaign will start recognizing the sale is one as soon as there's a sales order attached to it, that you've sold And then the CRM will recognize it as one, when you close it out and flag it as one. Okay. And then the next month. Okay,

Speaker 1  25:10
that sounds like a win. Yep. I really appreciate that. Thanks for calling. Neurons in my brain are not clicking at the pace they usually are as

Speaker 1  25:22
Oh, oh, I have an interesting conversation. Michael, I just want to get your take on this, I was thinking about some of Eric's conversation about reverse reverse psychology and whatnot, I got this guy, he's like, pretty close to pulling the trigger on a shed. And then like, like, I'm about to email him the documents to sign and he goes, Oh, hey, by the way, I can get the shed bigger for a little bit less money with Rhino sheds near me. And so I just kind of threw him the bone of, well, if you're looking for top of the line quality, then you're paying for the top of the line price for that. Now just trying to explain him that not compromising on quality, that's better paying a higher price. If you need the convenience, the economy of the shed, you know, speedy delivery, all of that, well, then maybe rhino is a better option. And then he threw back out that Rhino uses smart siding and 50 year flooring. And I was tempted to just send him a picture of something I've seen online from Rhino sheds where they they turn they're studs on their side, and they look to be 24 inches apart, not 16 inches apart, the interiors of the buildings. So the framing is completely different than the way truepoint is framing. But you're in the industry far deeper than I am, what are your thoughts to combat a customer that's like, well, I can get it cheaper right now.

Speaker 3  26:55
I would tell him this, we do have. So it depends what you're looking for. If you're looking for a cheaper building, we also have that I'm going to bring you, you know, a heavier build building. So let's just confirm we're comparing apples to apples on our roof. The spacing on their trusses, typically Ryan will do 24 inch on center trusses. And that greatly reduces your roof strength for snow load, etc. Up there, they won't tell you that, you might want to check with that. Let's make sure because we can also do 24. But I'm quoting you 60. Because they don't really, we don't really recommend that weaker construction, maybe check that. The other thing you might want to check is a lot of companies will quote you the floor joists as two by four instead of two by six is standard. That is something that is oftentimes just not talked about, you won't know it, but your floor will be reduced in strength by about 40%. We don't recommend either come standard six, or 1012 and 14, right check that let's just make sure we're apples to apples because we can also do a cheaper skin down shed but don't recommend it. And then last couple things just confirm that the quote you have is there's there's like it includes the blocks cinder blocks to do setup. And if there's pre delivery and blocks, a lot of times people will charge blocks like the driver will charge you for the blocks that he takes for doing set.

Unknown Speaker  28:43
Yeah, for that. And if he's paying How is he paying for it rent to own or the cash

Speaker 1  28:51
use or rent to own he's going to do a 36 month contract. On his he was real budget conscious on his amount.

Speaker 3  29:00
I was ready to say ask him if he's a cash sale. If he wants to pay with credit card and do that with us without a fee. Most companies will charge a fee. Yeah, if he was really if he was really if he was really willing to wanting to go head to head man I'd love to see a copy of your of your quote and let's see if we can figure it out the difference here and I think we can we can get you into a better shed with no more money. And if he's willing to send that over I'd love to see that and see what we can do for him but you're saying with 10 and a half percent he's still telling us we are more expensive trying to tell us that

Unknown Speaker  29:44
Yeah, yeah, he is. Switch

Speaker 3  29:47
me just looking my quick comparison she to really quickly. I have some research that I did last week. Let's see if they're on there.

Speaker 1  29:57
Okay. Yeah, he was he held this card till the last drop. He kept it close. So we're just waiting to see. I appreciate all that

Speaker 3  30:08
I did not put them on my little search. But that would be probably a first little thing there that I tossed that I'm like, oh, yeah, use them as, because I do know those guys. They're just get build up here in Mount Airy, they get built 45 miles from my shop. And I walk into their buildings. And actually, the guys at Children's sheds used to sell sheds for them, so I know them quite well. And typically, those are some things that they do. Inside, it'd be a good conversation starter, I would probably use that little psychology there in that way to start the conversation off as Oh, sure. They do have they do they, some of their construction is a little bit different. And let's just confirm these couple little points. Make sure we're apples to apples, because ours are just a little bit heavier built. And we could do some more direct comparison pricing if you want. And then we could skin things down going more towards the foundation or whatever if he just really went recently.

Speaker 1  31:17
Okay, sounds great. That's really helpful. Michael, thank you so much.

Speaker 3  31:27
So just a one manager on a big win that we had yesterday was we got a really, really, we got a five star Google review yesterday on one of the lots with a like a written like, nice row of, you know, great feedback. So what happened was, Randall goes out, he delivers his shed. And after he gets done, he drinks his phone out with a bar with a barcode on it, and says, Hey, would you mind leave us a little review. And the customer was, you know, he just got done getting his shed it was delivered. He was just, you know, confirming he was happy. Sure the jerks that has flown scans, that leaves a five star review, and then also leave some really nice comments, and leaves. So I was talking to Randall about this this morning. And I said, Wow, well, we can start doing that more often. Matt is really, really good. So if you want to go to and see that review, I'm trying to encourage him to start replicating that and he is on board. He this particular one was done for a delivery off of the market of a lot. So if you look up Google reviews for Mocksville Google for truepoint Mocksville. You'll see it on there. And so I'm hoping we can start I want to do this for bring this to the attention of Alex as well for Virginia and get participation. We got several different ways we can approach it. The dealer level from the hauler level or from a postcard level so yes, the best but it seems like this works very easy and well.

Speaker 1  33:18
How exciting hat's off to Randall he's such a pro. Getting all that opportunities. I can't imagine like you that so much on your mind. You're moving all this heavy equipment and is building and then like to take the consideration to do all those little details is just awesome. Great team. That's awesome.

Unknown Speaker  33:45
One last one here. Marissa just got your email. Did you just close on this Ben Ciske.

Speaker 1  33:52
Yeah, he was hilarious. He emailed in the morning and he closed by like 6pm Last night. So I didn't upload the documents until this morning to the portal. But she was he was great. He reached out. You think directly from the website. He just grabbed the email@truepoint.com or something. Yeah, we haven't talked on the phone at all. He was purely email client and get what he wants. He's got a cool shed with barn doors on both sides. So you could like pass all the way through it. And he's moving so it's going on his new property was pretty crazy.

Speaker 3  34:31
Wow, this is exciting. So you said the lead came the lead came in when?

Speaker 1  34:36
Yesterday morning. So So similar to Tory scenario with the sale yesterday. It was like a quick interest. Got the emails started chatting with him and just moved, moved along really quickly. was really cool, girl. Yeah, thank you. I was just awesome. He's a cash buyer and the only thing I asked him to like is there a any issues with, you know, sealing the deal today. And he said the only thing was he had a house inspection today on the 11th. And he didn't foresee there being anything. But if there was, he would let me know immediately. To which I told him, we can always postpone the build date for your building. If you need to, you know, line up another home, you're buying and you know, you don't want to have this pressure of where am I going to put this building blah, blah, blah. So he's like, Oh, I didn't think of that. Thank you. So if anything, we may just have to move his date later in the spring. If you know house closures don't come pick.

Speaker 3  35:42
Cool times, Monday, Tuesday has been crazy been wild. So this is the week so we had said something about January being the slow mine. So I'll start eating those words.

Speaker 1  35:56
But you've never had an online team to prove that wrong.

Unknown Speaker  36:04
Have we had for this month so far?

Speaker 1  36:07
For it's a good question. Let me look at my list to my gut. I can only see my half of the sales report. Tori I have. I only have three for January.

Unknown Speaker  36:17
Or January. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  36:19
On my side of the aisle.

Speaker 2  36:20
I always say three but it's two is two now.

Unknown Speaker  36:24
So five altogether. Yeah, that's cool. We got

Speaker 2  36:31
that. Can I go ahead and cancel that Michael? He just responded in. Yeah, he's not going to be moving forward.

Speaker 3  36:39
I don't think there's probably value in getting on that was probably the right thing to do. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  36:46
just wanted to make sure

Speaker 3  36:53
right, well, good stuff. Everybody has a great day. Hey, wishing another one of those. January days today. All right.

Unknown Speaker  37:03
Lucky January day.

Unknown Speaker  37:07
Have a great day, everyone. Take care. Thank you. Bye bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai