Speaker 1  01:02
So, yeah, I've been looking over this email a good bit. And yeah, like I said, just kind of pondering it and whatnot.

Matthias Miller  01:13
And

Speaker 1  01:15
it's something I'd definitely be interested in and helping with in doing. But yeah, there are a couple questions, a couple things that clarification that I would

Matthias Miller  01:27
I would like to.

Speaker 1  01:30
Yeah, just have kind of figured out before we would move forward with it. One of the biggest ones would be, did you have any kind of like particular deadline in mind for it? No, I didn't think so. But I just want to make sure because, yeah, since it would be a lot of figuring it out on my own. And with Yeah, a handful of other stuff that I've got going on as well, like, yeah, just want to make sure that there wouldn't be any kind of a close range deadline anyway, that would be

Matthias Miller  02:06
that will get in the way. No, I mean, just to give you a little bit of a idea what kind of timeframe I'm thinking is, I mean, I'm not pushing this super hard. And if we can, you know, if we could trial, so I expect to be pretty heavily involved in let's say, the first 369 Maybe, that we do. And if that can happen first half of the year. That's about the pace that I'm thinking. I mean, if it happens sooner than that, but really what I'm wanting to do, what it would like to do is get a few of these under our belt before we start actively advertising for it, because it's going to help inform messaging. Right.

Speaker 1  02:58
Yeah. So then, yeah, with this whole documentation thing. I was a little confused on the process as far as like, where all are where it would go as far as like, yeah, where I document it to and stuff like that. I assume that's something that moving forward with this would eventually get shown. But yeah, at some point, moving forward with this, it'd be kind of nice to, to have a little more in depth picture, as it gets figured out of, yeah, where we get documented to, and stuff like that.

Matthias Miller  03:40
So my initial thought on that is that we would actually end up using client proposals for these. Okay. And what that lets us do is, you know, have these I don't know, like, again, this stuff is really vague. But right, it would let us have a shared system, let's say we'd have something that like code house app hosting that zone, where people would be in a shared system, they get limited, they get restricted access to their materials and documentation. And we can build a subscription, a support subscription on the back end of this if we choose. So, so choose to, and because we already have claim proposals, and there's a lot of the tool set of client proposals, ie generating PDFs, syncing it to another system, etc, that I think be That's what I'm thinking. Now. The part that I haven't thought about is, well, are we going to embed screenshots in these? Are we ever going to do video links? Like live video walkthroughs or something similar to that? Yeah, Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  05:02
I mean, I guess it would depend on how

Matthias Miller  05:06
on how

Speaker 1  05:07
in depth we want to get with all of these. And, and whatnot, before we decide if we want to do especially like walkthroughs, and stuff like that.

Matthias Miller  05:21
Yeah. And we don't really know, I think, I think the short answer is we don't really know. We start lightweight, right? I mean, goodness, our system design proposals were probably more terse, even then we develop entire systems on specs that were more terse than even our high level designs. So we can always, we can always expand, but that's where I'm thinking. Gotcha. I don't know, this would be helpful, too. But I think at some point, it might make sense to say, what's the general? I don't know if I have this anywhere? What's the general structure of? You know, I think there's of what that client proposal should look like. Like, is it something like you know, kind of an overview requirements, First, pick, second pick, third pick, and kind of a scoring model or and or pros and cons within each one. Price points, kind of the information, and then whatever information they would need to make their own decision. I think that's yeah. And we could flesh that out more. I don't know exactly what that would. I think there's there should be some kind of template structure. I don't know what it is yet. Something like that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  06:50
Yeah, I think it'd definitely be something that I'd be I'd be interested in helping get rolling and yeah, working alongside with you on it. Yeah, as, as we get it started, yeah, doing a lot of a lot of figuring it out as I go and taking the time to really dig into it and try to figure out what the best process is.

Matthias Miller  07:24
Good. And I'm also very comfortable with I think there's two things we can do to make our lives easier. If we want to, we could paste these. So somebody calls us in only do one a month. And if somebody calls up and we've got one scheduled for February, we say we're booked until March. And just intentionally PACE. PACE that way, or whatever appropriate timeframe it is. Maybe it's three weeks, I don't know. And then the other thing we can do is well could be while we're while this stuff is underway, we would we could schedule like twice a week calls or you know, if there's something like that, like schedule, some kind of cadence, checking cadence, we could pull up and review stuff, it's probably the easiest way for me to for me to make sure that there's that I keep the space open and right. That's available happen. Okay. So really the first question I'm getting this started is you know, Junior wants to do it. Then we've got our first person I had a second person who would have been interested in and he said, Hey, I think QuickBooks is going to do the trick for me so yeah. Next Next thing to really figure out is where can we find a half dozen people to pilot this with right yeah good. Yeah. Sounds good yeah, I don't know that.

Matthias Miller  09:27
Not unless we would just straight up. Start reading some quarter page ads. For this Usually it takes I mean it does take a few months to get the flywheel rolling on these sometimes I'll put some thought into it so that I can come up with lots of good ideas right off the top of your head

Speaker 1  10:27
right off the top of my head yeah like having some kind of ads and getting it out there seemed like a pretty good first step for gathering people but

Matthias Miller  10:41
is there a here's actually a really good this might be an interesting thing if we would take the webinar outline and we would write some kind of free article around that and offer that as a lead magnet as an add on if that would be actually even better this would be like to figure out some time to do this has to be definitely a nights and weekends you know project kicks and giggles project but we could

Matthias Miller  11:55
I also did sign up I signed up for a artificial intelligence sales letter training and the guy says that the copy that the ad copy they've been they've been producing with AI has been outperforming some of their other stuff and is better than 90 to 95% of copywriters. I don't know if he's blowing smoke or not but that would actually be a pretty interesting for better yet. I have the real deal

Matthias Miller  12:45
the other option is a

Matthias Miller  13:04
we also have a professional copywriter that we used for the said said said stuff

Matthias Miller  13:18
I would actually be pretty interested in seeing if we could leverage leverage him for this let me I'm gonna go with a friend of mine tomorrow. And I will pursue some options along those lines. Yeah. And also by way of an update. We are looking to because we're looking so we have a spare laptop for you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai