Matthias Miller  00:30
Sir, sir.

Speaker 1  00:33
Okay. How did sim biz find Aruba? CO?

Matthias Miller  00:36
We have one of those guys one of our clients from our clients, brothers in law's some somebody, we refer to Roberto and it probably the word probably got around.

Speaker 1  00:48
Sure, sure. But first of all i is I'm nervous about taking business away from Ruby COVID. That's a little awkward. But at first, so Ruby goes bidding over $100,000 for the system. And now, presumably, presumably it does require an HD, it requires a whiskey, doesn't it?

Matthias Miller  01:19
I mean, to make it look shiny. I mean, if you want it to be shiny, yes. Yeah.

Speaker 1  01:29
It's fascinating. I, I don't know why. But it really is disorienting for me not to get not to get to see data models and stuff. And, you know, proposal. It's, I mean, it's just, we're data first. And it's something we've inherited from Dan Daniels. But it just makes it really clear what your building blocks are. And ISIS, I think it probably prevents, I mean, prevents a lot of bad surprises along the way.

Matthias Miller  01:59
So anyway, go ahead. There's probably a lot that. Well, yeah, anyway, there's a lot we do that prevents bad surprises. Yeah.

Speaker 1  02:22
If suppose they would have come to us from the beginning, you would have done a high level would you have? Would you have been interested in the project or not? I mean, I'm having what is this thing even? It is okay. I've tried to sign up for one of these growth groups. And Byrd asked the guy to come out to Kansas to bid and he's been too busy to do it. There's a Dale Savage, or something like that, who's gonna He's, he's helping launch it. And the idea is, I mean, it's kind of an alternative to Anabaptist financial, it's an idea of a, what do you call it, you know, a core cadre or whatever, where you have a group of people working, I mean, that, you know, a, you know, you get seven businessmen together, and it's kind of a, and they get together to talk and, and they set goals, and they read books together and that kind of thing. So, but it looks like they're taking this to a whole new level where you're setting goals and putting financial penalties if you don't meet them. That's

Matthias Miller  03:33
hilarious. I would, there's one reason why I'm really interested. Yeah. builds a relationship, a tight knit relationship within the coaching network community. You Yes. And that's like, that's worth you know, I think that's worth bending the rules a little bit about what you would normally do and engage with but. But they've got question threads, they've got

Speaker 1  04:24
things different between the two. They're talking about 50 bucks a month for hosting time and materials for any maintenance work. It's a lot of front end development. If I'd have Jonathan on staff sooner, that would make it somewhat more interesting.

Matthias Miller  05:04
I mean, you're gonna

Speaker 1  05:05
poke your eyes out if you do this level of integration. I think of coding.

Matthias Miller  05:10
I think I think you're right. That unless there's some kind of magic we can do with our little framework thingy that makes it Yeah, but I mean, aren't they looking for pretty shiny here? I'm gonna guess. Yeah okay, so all that

Unknown Speaker  05:47
now if we would want if we would want to go. I mean

Speaker 1  05:57
if we go if they wouldn't want shiny, see, there's just not wanting people. I don't think they're wanting someone to log into the backend system. I mean admins, sure. But they're not wanting the circle groups, we log into a back end system, they want to shinier

Matthias Miller  06:13
than that. That for sure. I don't know.

Speaker 1  06:21
And I suppose that's one question. You know, if he would start with a, I mean, suppose you could start with a with a really simple solution initially. And then as this thing grows, you build out

Matthias Miller  06:37
you you, you

Unknown Speaker  06:41
know, you build your fancier front ends. Okay. Yeah, that's it's worth the conversation. Okay, so that's, that's what it would have happened if they would have come to us from the beginning.

Matthias Miller  06:59
Now, just what do you do

Speaker 1  07:06
with I mean, I just might, my, my heart just dropped when I saw the word Rubisco in there. It's like, oh, I mean, it's one thing to work with them and not give them business. It's another thing to

Matthias Miller  07:18
bid on their projects. How's that? Another thing to bid on their projects?

Speaker 1  07:25
It is now I'm trying to figure out if that's actually fear or not,

Matthias Miller  07:29
I mean. Well, the other option that you can ask is, is it fair to Simba is fair not to

Speaker 1  07:49
Yeah, that's fair to the now okay, here's maybe part of what we would need to do though, is I wonder if we should just be fairly transparent with symbols about the whole thing. Say you know, we're partners with Rubisco we really we appreciate like them we think we're good at what we do you know, we were we do even more of the kind of the business systems but we can also do the I mean, we can also do front end and we can do we can provide front end and do a good job with it so

Matthias Miller  08:43
the up like some of this stuff, gross remember details, development resource details, we wouldn't have to have that big glitzy reaction items. Notice like these are just a series of reports right?

Speaker 1  09:05
I mean, it'd be interesting to think through with quit with a with like a cockpit or something actually be all they would need a fancy cockpit so but the other the other reality is they're going to spend $10,000 to design with us system I mean

Matthias Miller  09:27
Yeah. And, okay we're gonna get into data restriction issues with this. Well, it's gonna be confusing. What do you mean by that? Oh, like you have a growth ring that restricting stuff, vigorous ring, etc, or some reason you mean where? And complexity through record restrictions? I think,

Speaker 1  10:14
ah, yeah, it's a fair question. Although if there is anything like that will do a better job than Rubicon will the? Maybe partly just starting to hear out. How did the process go through bucho? I mean, just maybe saying, you know, we know Rebekah Owens curious how the process went working with them? What do you have specific questions here?

Matthias Miller  10:57
And letting them

Speaker 1  10:59
kind of lead it? What is the conversation between us? I mean, supposing their their interest in pursuing it further with us? What is the conversation? With root? I mean, do I reach out to someone? We could cross that bridge? When we get closer? I guess? I almost feel like I it would be appropriate to reach out to someone at rubato. And

Matthias Miller  11:43
kind of think the higher up you go, yes, the better the conversations gonna go. And the more that I can communicate that back to their team? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  11:54
And I think it helps that this was unsolicited. It was one of our existing clients that that referred them to us. So I wonder if I just start having a conversation that just go from there. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:11
I think I think the core value prop is that is that if we can, you know, if if it doesn't have to be glitzy and shiny, it just needs to be functional? You can we can probably outperform, you know, that it's a little different, lower upfront cost, higher level of support. And ongoing maintenance. pricing structure is a little bit different. And, but, you know, there's the upsides and the downsides, like this is going to be they're going to have maintenance costs on the other one. Yeah. We're just telling them about. Exactly. Well, yeah, and exactly. That that's absolutely. Go ahead. Feels really good to be in that position. Exactly.

Speaker 1  13:00
And that we do we do fixed price prices on our proposals. So Okay. Would you? Which if they would come to you, do you think you would do a high level design at this point? Or if you have this? And do you feel comfortable simply taking the wireframes and go? I mean, they've they've purchased the wireframes? I guess they paid for them already?

Matthias Miller  13:26
Kind of the same as if somebody would take her high level designing ticket to go.

Unknown Speaker  13:30
I mean, we've always said they people are welcome to do that.

Matthias Miller  13:34
I mean, assuming there's nothing in their agreement, I don't but I don't know that there's right here. I think they communicate something very similar to us. Right.

Speaker 1  13:41
Okay. Would you do high level to me as a fruit with the first step? Yeah. High level design? Or do you feel like you almost have a high level design here with the with this and you deep dive into the, into the?

Matthias Miller  13:55
Oh, I have not watched the 15 minute video. So I don't know how thorough that is? Sure. So kind of think we want to start with the high level design. And even from a high level design, we can get it get a rough ballpark. Yeah, that's fair. Yep. And I don't know that it's necessarily that much. I mean, there's a bunch of restructuring and things that we say this is a cover data model, for example.

Unknown Speaker  14:16
Exactly. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:19
Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  14:22
Okay. That's super helpful. That's all I need for now.

Matthias Miller  14:26
I got a few questions for you as well. Yep. Ben is open to pursuing, you know, joining for the accounting stuff. And learning that if we want to do that, sure. And he's actually open Austin was not comfortable doing the living spec for assist. Okay. Literary is way, way down on his list, and I don't know, I think he's better and he does better with very clearly defined tasks, right. Ben generally seems more open to jumping into somebody's playing things with caveats. Yep. And so he's open to exploring that, should I put that on the table for Mark and Dwayne to say, Hey, if you guys want to explore, assist documentation, and Dwayne has capacity, we might have capacity on our end to move some of that forward. Sure. That's reasonable.

Speaker 1  15:19
That's reasonable. I think it's great. The What else was I gonna say? Oh, just talk to Joshua. But he's going to ask you to write a paragraph or whatever setting you want to provide for what your progress was on in the last sprint. And I can tell you my progress was really bad. So anyway.

Matthias Miller  15:46
Yeah. Was there any anything? Oh, that's something else. I don't know, when I don't know that it has to happen now. But at some point, yeah, it'd be nice to know, when you let me just share this quick.

Matthias Miller  16:11
They would like to get some kind of a, we will see my spreadsheet.

Unknown Speaker  16:16
I'm seeing that email

Matthias Miller  16:18
or that? Yep. Some kind of target. I mean, this is all these are all done. Sure, sure. But target for when development will be completed on.

Speaker 1  16:34
Okay, the multiple companies is the big one. Income Statement, income statement by classes maybe done? Well, what we need to find out what that is. So, so you and I and Joel just need to be talking this stuff through and I don't know how we want to do it with weekly sessions or what but

Matthias Miller  16:56
yeah. I mean, even just getting a first pass on this. And when we think this is going to be done, when's when do we expect FTI to be done?

Unknown Speaker  17:07
I know, I know nothing about FTI.

Matthias Miller  17:12
I mean, probably isn't going to be able to get that done in a month, right? I don't think so. So we would have to so we're gonna put this down here. And I don't know if that puts that out to July. Or if we, if we could still, that's probably the safest option. Oh, is being obnoxious. Okay. And then these probably could be deployed depreciation schedules. I missed this one for sure. Is it going to be before then this is actually uncertain. Oh, this is? Goofy, no, what it's trying to do.

Speaker 1  18:07
And when they're talking about starting and rollout accounting, are they talking about equivalent to QuickBooks? Are they talking about any level of integration?

Matthias Miller  18:15
QuickBooks? Okay, sure. Sure. Like, literally, I think it literally is as good as the accounting catalogs. Let's get started, get started rolling for either Indiana or

Speaker 1  18:25
Ohio? Sure. One comment, Josh said, I said I'm uncomfortable having them run accounting out of development is just too dangerous. So we're going to need to wait six weeks for the next cutover just so we can start switching to staging. Either that or I need to either that or I need to pause teleco craft is not to decode and encode any accounting features for six weeks. That's painful. Yeah, that is painful.

Matthias Miller  18:50
So we can't we don't want to switch to staging this cut Josh's things in stage.

Speaker 1  18:55
I mean, Josh pulled a feature out of staging that he would need to have there.

Matthias Miller  18:59
I don't know what it is. So Well, I mean, to know that

Speaker 1  19:08
there'll be other possibility, I don't know how you I don't know what that process that looks sounds kind of scary is gonna say. Another possibility would be if it's not worth it, though, I was gonna say we could spin up an empty system for them to use.

Matthias Miller  19:21
So,

Speaker 1  19:23
and then we figure out how to migrate the data later. That's a mass I don't think we want that I think we just postpone. So in long term, we think that, I mean, I wonder if this means accounting needs to come. Josh really wants to go back to do updates for them. But I can't so either we, the accounting sprint is finished and now we relax and everything's okay. Or we end up saying accounting needs to be developed in the US just so that we can stay on top of things better. So it's kind of a big question. I mean, I'd feel safer having an accounting developed in the US said no offense, but I just would.

Matthias Miller  20:04
So well, Dwayne saying was, that's why we're doing this to find problems. You know, just run it in development and go find what breaks, but

Speaker 1  20:14
well, um, that's, I mean, maybe it's fine to do it for six weeks, I guess. I guess what we need to say is? Well, I don't think it's that terrible. And we could do that for the first six weeks and just say, hey, look, we don't normally do this. So we'll let you hear. Your mileage may vary. Yes. Okay. Yep. That's not a bad option for the first six weeks.

Matthias Miller  20:44
Good. Good, good. Good. Good. Okay, I'm also random. Okay, so let me go, because I'm sure you get more than more than what you need. But Ben is interested in helping with the software research. Yes. And I'm actually at first I was going to wait to run ads, but actually wonder if it wouldn't make sense to start running some ads. Sure. And seeing if we can generate leads, yeah, why not?

Speaker 1  21:16
Why not? If you want to try the busy Beaver, you could get in with a quarter page ad there. And if she got an ad to them by Friday, and it'll be going out end of January.

Matthias Miller  21:28
Interesting. But I do would you do three months there and three months in busy beaver.

Speaker 1  21:33
Okay, first of all, they are busy. Beavers is only every other month. Okay, it's a little bit cheaper. Add price, I think then, then PCB II, it's about the same distribution, but probably less businesses, I'm gonna guess. And I say a little cheaper. I mean, their full page ads are like 1100 instead of 1800. So it is cheaper. I don't know what the quarter pages are. But all that does and their their price for their they have a 15% off if you pay by, you might have to, I think the deadline was last Friday, but you might have could probably get to convince them to take it for you anyway, if you get too. If you do, too. If you pay for too, then it's 15% off. So it's not a huge deal either. Either way, but that's a that's a pretty cheap. That's a pretty cheap place to go for some discounts.

Matthias Miller  22:32
So anyway, it'd be interesting. By the way, have you considered switching your email address for busy beaver ads so that you can split test?

Speaker 1  22:43
Um, how many stuff maybe we don't get stuff in by by email, do we? Oh, you're saying if? Well, I don't think we get that many requests by? Oh, well, first of all, by first of all, if it's an our request for an article, we know which article it is. And so there's that. And otherwise, I think we just need to ask them. Where did you hear about us?

Unknown Speaker  23:09
Okay, good. Awesome.

Speaker 1  23:12
Okay, one minute. Okay. I'll ask him one question for you for a selfish question. Doing an AF talk. I'm curious. How do you how do you shut off your mind from business and give your family the energy they need in the evenings? Is that easy for you? Or hard for you?

Matthias Miller  23:30
I don't do I do it? Well, there have been various things that have worked differently in the past. I mean, I think commute really helps. Yeah, sure. And if for some some time I had a workout an afternoon, like late evening workout. Yep. Leaving my switching, switching to a wife's phone. Yeah, sure. And leaving my laptop at the office more frequently. Yep. Yep. Those Those, those are probably the biggest things. I know that. This is probably going beyond what you want to cover in an AF talk. But sure, one of my friends isn't strong advocate for centering prayer, which is basically silent. Like, not what people normally would call. It's not. It's not what most people would call it meditation at what most people would call a prayer, but it's kind of I understand Yeah, yeah. And that's, that's huge.

Unknown Speaker  24:35
For sure. I don't, yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:38
I don't use it, but I think it'd be very effective.

Speaker 1  24:41
Sure. And I think it's two things well, okay. And let me just spell out a few things in case anything resonates with you. It is both it's both making emotional energy but also having a physical energy actually. So it's it's managing your margin because I don't know I and I struggle with this myself. But if you're if your family only if you're too tired, I can be physically present. I can play a game with the kids, but it's just not the same. Oh, yeah. So, so I, yeah,

Matthias Miller  25:16
no, normally no meetings before seven or 730 in the morning? Sure. Yeah. Don't do stuff that stresses you out. That's a really good point.

Unknown Speaker  25:27
Good. Yeah, for sure. Get therapy if you need it.

Matthias Miller  25:33
Get for not joking.

Speaker 1  25:37
I'm serious. So I have to figure out how to say that in a meeting, but yes, our own emotional well being will determine how it affects everything else. But family more than any other place. Other revelation. I mean, this is just so basic, but it just kind of it was pretty clear to me too. The other really significant thing is that there is a literal shift that has to happen, because work, our work is largely project oriented. And we have things that need to get done. And family is, is there are sometimes projects, but it is primarily relationship oriented. So this is not about getting things done. So it's not even reading, if even if you read a story or play a game, and you're just trying to get it done. We've missed it. This is about being in relationship. And

Matthias Miller  26:32
yeah. Here's the other interesting thing that I find myself doing often when I'm driving home. This is partially just personality, but that's when I call dad or mom or Julia or you know, less. You used to be Linda. Yeah. And I think to that, intentionally engaging in an activity that's unrelated checking in with somebody else. Yeah, it's not business related also helps kick in some of that. Sure. Yeah, I'm pretty sure Shane's I'm pretty sure Shane is going to like my talks. I don't know if everyone else will. But here we go. You asked me to so Oh, here's the other thing. Yeah. Having a having a hard deadline. Like, yes. Apart from extenuating circumstances, I will be home with my family by x. Yep. And it has to be an emergency for me not to do that. Yep. And it forces your brain to wrap things up.

Speaker 1  27:31
Right, right. Yeah. I, I need us to stick to it even more, but I I've set an alarm on my phone at 525. That goes off that says family time. So

Matthias Miller  27:46
I had the added benefit of a wife who grew up with a dad who worked a nine to five job his lack of boundaries rural business. So

Speaker 1  27:56
yes, I totally understand. That's fantastic. Oh, very good. Well, some more some time. But

Matthias Miller  28:06
anyway, this is this is a newsletter topic. Sure, sure. Yeah. I'm sorry. One last question. We talked about doing another doing case studies. And I have two case studies left within my agreement with Asher. Are there ones that we should do? Or should I just say, hey, Asher, we actually want to go this direction. Let me know what this changes to this other agreement? Sure. And virgin thoughts?

Speaker 1  28:35
No, not offhand. I mean, Triple D just referred someone to us. Have we done them already or not?

Matthias Miller  28:43
I don't know if they did. They might it would have to be anonymous. Sure. I mean, sure.

Unknown Speaker  28:52
And I mean, do you think we will end with would consider being non anonymous, anonymous?

Matthias Miller  29:01
I don't know. You should be making the request. Should I?

Speaker 1  29:06
You were i here? I don't know. That matters too much. I probably do it by phone, too. Hey. So and I don't know if we, I guess you could do it anonymously. If you just say, you know, if we don't I mean, first question is, would you would you be open to us doing a case study, we'd let you review it to make sure that you're comfortable with it. Secondly, would you if we do it, would you prefer to be anonymous or your or actually, you know, have your name. Have your name attached to it? Yeah. I mean, that's an exciting one. Because it was just a great project.

Matthias Miller  29:49
But alright, I'll see you I can go one or one. Tomorrow in there. Okay, yeah. Good. Thanks. Yep. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai