Speaker 1  00:05
Okay, so I want to walk you through this keyword research for Gabe, so that you know what's going on here. But basically, we've got data sources subscription of contact information based on search intent. In other words, we get name, address, email phone for people who've been searching for keywords. And Gabe is wanting to do keyword research to find leads for the pole barn side of their business. So if you log in to capital audience, here it is in your last pass to the capital audience targeting and you go into audiences, you will

Speaker 1  00:45
I created this two point pole barn research. So if you hit the edit button on the right here, and it's pretty slow. So I'm gonna go actually just go ahead and put this over in here to get that specific audience. So just keep this one blank for research, and then there's one little trick that you need to do. So you go over to targeting. Actually, I guess we could do that. Probably bookmark the targeting page. Good idea. Yeah. And so late one keyword was, okay, well, first of all, before we get started, you have to hit F 12. Where there's like this view more tools, developer tools or tools, developer tools. And then and then in here, you want to take this code here, copy it, paste it over into here, and hit enter. And so then you'll search for metal. And if you don't paste in that code, you'll only see the top five. But here, if you do that, then you can print it out and do the first one and then if you want to do some wood then you can do that the crank to print save as a PDF, you want to remove the bottom last page again, if it's extra you can and then email that over to him. Here's an example. definition of done you know, here's horse barn and he was looking for building so here's more buildings I prefer doing doing it on a blank audience because that way there have been some situations where it seemed like that what's in the audience effects was filtered down so I do have a preference for that just for the research side. Now if you do need to set up a new audience

Unknown Speaker  03:04
and the reason for setting up a new audience is you might have

Speaker 1  03:12
different keywords that are different types of products or buying percentage or something like that. And so you would do audience

Speaker 1  03:27
so true polling slash pole barn slash subcategory is something that you want so then let's say that she wants barns and then he would do I don't know if he wants ag buildings or agricultural buildings broken out be sure to source to custom targeting. Why is that? Oh that's why it wasn't working. I was blinking out and then you just hit Create

Speaker 1  04:20
and then from there, you can add the targeting and then once once you've got the targeting set up if you just send me the URL, what I need here is this. What I specifically need is this number here, but if you send me the link that I can set up the automatic imports into assist, where those reports to go out to give them so you can take a look at it this morning. And then we can I can answer any questions.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai