Speaker 1  00:08
Alright, so I'm going to walk you through the process here what is required to do the research first of all I am going to rename this one

Speaker 1  00:38
just to clarify that it's this is a broad targeting so I would recommend I'll go ahead and set this up now is just to keep a blank audience here so with new audience this is in case you need to set one up we'll do a little Barnes blank for research do the sources is custom targeting we'll create it

Unknown Speaker  01:23
that's weird let's see to create it

Unknown Speaker  01:31
like for targeting for research custom targeting

Unknown Speaker  01:44
creating guidance for burns just call it research custom targeting stoking something with

Unknown Speaker  02:08
try to start when you do this that's frustrating scene

Speaker 1  03:01
some something Uh huh. I have no idea what changed but it worked. Okay, so we're gonna go into targeting and and so the way this works is sorry, Here's the overview. There's some settings here which basically the name is the only thing you care about whether it's enabled or not and then you can search for something that he wanted was metal now here's a little trick

Speaker 1  03:42
what's crazy right now okay, so little trick to get the four.

Unknown Speaker  04:39
See one way around

Speaker 1  04:51
with a default over fluid, it's not specified, or visible. We

Speaker 1  05:09
could actually see about it's not actually no that wasn't what we wanted to do we wanted to see figure out how to turn the sky

Speaker 1  05:44
wow this

Unknown Speaker  06:08
this is

Unknown Speaker  06:43
we could actually do this

Speaker 1  06:53
there we go, that's what we want. Okay, so let me refresh the page. Okay, so here's what you're gonna want to do. When you first open up the page, you're gonna want to hit F 12. You're gonna want to paste this code in. I'm going to put it over here in the in the wiki

Speaker 1  07:19
and then you're going to do something like say he wanted to look up metal. And once you paste in the code, and you hit enter, you can close it down and then you can do a print. And you can just print this list of whatever it is that he's wanting to, or just save it as a PDF, whatever he's wanting to if you want to take the last page if you can. And then just do that for all of the keywords that he was researched and send them off to Gabe. I realize it was


Transcribed by https://otter.ai