Unknown Speaker  00:43
Good morning team.

Unknown Speaker  00:44
Hey everybody.

Matthias Miller  00:46
Marissa Good morning Tori

Unknown Speaker  00:49
how's it going? Yeah, I had Oh started this morning. Yeah, just gonna say started feel like winter.

Unknown Speaker  01:01
snow flurries on the ground over here

Speaker 1  01:06
my kids are like, it's snowed Can we go play in the snow? And I'm like there's like no snow accepted driveway like it hasn't stuck to the grass yet, but they're like so so excited about playing in the snow. It takes away my old grumpiness. So hating. Me, man I have I have a quick question about text messages. So when when we send a text message, does the conversation import overnight? Or in some type of cycle into assist? Or should I be like kind of copying and pasting the conversation and putting it in the notes?

Matthias Miller  02:00
We are not currently importing anything into assist from text messaging.

Speaker 1  02:04
Okay. And that's watching a couple to see if something would like drop in. And I was like, oh, I should probably add that manually.

Speaker 2  02:13
Like how do you add that many leads Marisa that. That opted in for text messaging?

Speaker 1  02:17
Yeah, I have a lot that came through that have the selection. However, I am trying to figure out how to craft a like brief entry text. So that I'm not putting a ton of energy into like, this massive quote through texting when they're not going to respond. So I'm trying to get like that first question in there, like, Would you like a 72 inch door 36 inch door like something that's like not quite in the questionnaire to kind of prompt a text back and then deliver the quote with the size and that door in it. So how's that worked for you? Tory? What do you usually lead with when you start that text message?

Speaker 2  03:03
So the first few I've sent out I included like the quote and everything the sample quote, but be the best method. So I'm trying to figure it out myself, maybe like a question. Or maybe leading them to the email with a sample quote.

Speaker 1  03:20
Oh, interesting. Like, this? Isn't your email kind of thing? Yeah, that's a good idea. Do you send the lead or the quote as a picture or as just like a copy and paste of the text in when you're using the text message system?

Speaker 2  03:38
It's like a screenshot pretty much the same method. Okay, email.

Unknown Speaker  03:41
Yeah. Okay. Gotcha.

Speaker 2  03:46
Um, I haven't gotten a response on that. So. Okay. I'm gonna try something different. I'll keep you in a loop on what works for me. Yeah, let

Speaker 1  03:56
me know if anybody bites and you start the conversation. I know. I had an evening conversation with someone that went really well. It was very long. And I think let me go back and actually pull it up and see what my key thing any takeaways from this conversation nothing earth shattering except that it was in the evening. So it was kind of posed a time when maybe someone would want to be talking on the phone rather just like sitting on their couch and texting. It's around 6:30pm Eastern time. And I did lead with a question of entrances. I said, Hey, just finalizing your quote. What kind of entrances are you looking for double door versus garage door was the question and then that got the responses coming back, which was good. That's all I have though, as far as you know, like a good long successful tech same thread with a customer. Gotcha. Nice. Yeah, that's interesting.

Speaker 2  05:06
Did that result in a phone call? Or was it all through text message?

Speaker 1  05:10
It was all through text message they actually have yet to pick up. Well, I should take that back. He picked up the phone initially in the evening and said, Hey, can you text me instead? And then like, hung up kind of abruptly? So I did hear His voice, but we haven't had like a conversation. So just anecdotal. Something interesting. Using the texting system.

Unknown Speaker  05:38
Cool, you're gonna keep experimenting with it?

Speaker 1  05:41
Yeah, definitely. I really liked the pre. What do they call them the messages you can save? In Text Message Center, you can craft like a canned message. Oh, really? I don't even know. Yeah, if you, when you're in the fields, enter the text. There's like a plus sign. And it'll let you expand it and then add, almost like your own, like subject line to remember the content. But I thought maybe if we, if we get good at getting people to ping us back, we can have some of those canned messages we know that work really quickly, like, garage door versus double door or just like the little things that provoke a response from somebody? For sure,

Unknown Speaker  06:29
okay.

Matthias Miller  06:33
In Eric's phone conversations, Didn't he have an earlier conversation about that was along the lines of price versus aesthetics?

Matthias Miller  06:46
Price? Maybe not?

Speaker 1  06:49
I don't recall. It's not like a question that has kept coming up here in December. Yes.

Speaker 3  07:00
So for my memory. It seems like I do remember that as being one of the things that are the core things that he used to be asking, you know, what's more important to, as, you know, the priceless or aesthetic and helping him direct? Or qualify the terminal? Can a customer he's dealing with. Now, at what point what point should there be asked? You know, I guess I'm not quite sure that maybe needs to be tested there. But it seems like having a feel for that helps us understand quickly if this guy's after value, or if he's like, he's just going to beat at the price for him. And maybe would help us develop a quote, like, Oh, do we go to a foundation series? Or do we quote him a Designer Series maybe for something different.

Speaker 1  08:05
I started sending quotes yesterday, after you guys were chatting and then again, this morning, showcasing the same size, in Designer metal and in wood. Because it's such a three. I think it's around you know, there's $1,000 building, that's metal, it's more like a $5,000 building when it's wood. So just to show, same size, same utility, different product feature a lot of the questionnaires come back with designer metal is the selection. It's a very beautiful option. So I wanted to make sure people see the high scale, low scale kind of structural thing. See if that promotes any conversations as well.

Unknown Speaker  08:52
One thing I have noticed with nurseries.

Unknown Speaker  08:58
Okay, go ahead. Oh,

Speaker 2  09:00
okay. One thing I've noticed that that is that some people think the metal is cheaper. I don't think they're thinking like woodgrain siding. They're not thinking design or metal. They're just maybe they didn't like, do a lot of research on the website. So I think it would be good to showcase like the price difference. It's

Speaker 1  09:19
Yeah, and like I've been attaching one of the static images of one of the designer metal buildings and one of the wood green side buildings just you know, something is a attachment to go visually with that. Because I totally agree with you Tori. I think folks are not quite understanding of the quality of that printing and get into conversation with us about it.

Speaker 3  09:42
That's a really good good observation there. What we found is trying to differentiate us from when in the in the shed industry when people talk about metal is directly that's been referred to as cheap labor, your framing may be four foot and center framing, and just a thin metal with a cheap nor to paint system on the outside, screwed on, you know, horizontally, and they look horrible, the structure is horrible and are viewed as cheap, oh, it's a cheap option. And that term has sort of made its reputation or mark in the shed industry a little bit. So what we just covered it trying to stay away when we talk about designer metal, maybe trying to steer away from the term. Metal is seemingly one of the terms we try to sort of avoid initially, it is a you can't altogether avoid it. But if you just use that term, people typically go online, they'll do a search and just compare it with Oh, metal sheds. And it's makes a bad comparison. So getting them to understand that piece of it is is key, I think it's from the profile of wood. It has a better paint system on it, feed in shock resistant, it looks like wood. And the framing is like the ultimate and it has solid sheeting behind it. All the things come to standard with this where people won't talk about in, you know, the typical metal shed. So understanding that I think it's great when you do. Well, backing up before we go on, it seems like it's a lot easier to get that across when you have somebody literally looking at the shed walking inside because they see all of that. So helping them understand that in the process of explaining that carefully seems to be seems to be probably pretty valuable now. When we make price comparisons, I think we can maybe help them understand some of the value points there when we do some multiple quotes, like you were talking about and also quoting them a wood one to where the ballpark all of a sudden makes a lot of sense. As far as price point goes, and quoting them that foundation series for the people that we think are looking for if we if the answer like or question aesthetic versus price point, quoting them that foundation series, the entry level evens versus the you know the story series to get started with and get them like, Ah, man, these guys are in the ballpark where I'm thinking that and then in an upsell from there seems like maybe we could catch the people attention but has like to have feedback on that. Has there been any people yesterday that you were able to quote like try that out on quoting our foundation series, like, you know, the entry level one would want and see what responses are from that

Speaker 1  13:30
will definitely attempt more of that today. I know for myself, Michael, I was definitely contrasting the exteriors more than the framing construction versus fino standard versus foundation. I was looking more at designer metal versus LP siding or vinyl as the contrasting price point. So I could try that a bit more today and see if foundation is better received. Is that personally I mean, just in selling quality buildings, is there a certain size structure that you would not recommend a foundation series framing be used? And if it's 24 inches on center, is there a certain length of building just for the transportation of the unit or anything we should be proactive and being cautious on

Speaker 3  14:24
there's a little strategy to that. If you'll notice an assist, there should not be availability to order a foundation series larger than 12 to 24. And that's just due to you know, having less structural strength and limiting it to that point so that we don't have any issues with that with that particular aspect of it.

Unknown Speaker  14:48
Okay, that's good. Customers,

Speaker 3  14:51
you know, overall satisfaction and durability for the you know, something won't have issues with we don't want to put A product out there that's compromised, and is not going to be, you know, holding up for the long haul. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  15:10
Okay good question my on the on the survey we're calling it would drain metal siding. And notice on the permit guard website, we're calling it steel. And there's different ways that we could phrase this to get away from the type form calling this site of big metal, like, Should we call it? Premium permit guard citing? Or permit guard steel siding with premium steel siding? Is there another terminology that we should use in the type form that if we were to leave?

Speaker 3  15:48
That's a really good idea. We could test that out once? Why don't we use I like the term. And I like to hear feedback on this. This is just from the hip, just some great ideas. Why don't we use something down the lines of maintenance free Wood Green siding or something? I like the idea of marrying together. Wood Green look and maintenance free. Typically you say Wood Green? And then there's maintenance just automatic because it's wood. But we don't have that. And then it would be like What's this stuff? Man? This is nice way? How can we make it make it free? Maybe a good idea. Maybe it's going down a wrong pathway where maybe mislead people in some way? What's your thoughts on that? Matthias?

Matthias Miller  16:38
I don't think it's misleading. It's selling the selling the sizzle, not the steak. I mean, it's it's the benefit of it. mechanics of how we go about the matter to be honest.

Speaker 3  16:53
And it is it it's like that's one of the big pros in this. You get the wood look, no maintenance, and maybe harping on that and trying that for a week or two and seeing what if there's a different response to that maybe maybe a perception of the customer understanding a better measure, we have found from again, comparing us to metal sheds has been not good. Yeah.

Speaker 2  17:22
only concern is if they are wanting wood, and the word metal isn't in there and it says wood grain. And they're thinking it's wood, but it's not great. That would be my only concern with that. But if we have the word premium, I think the word premium says top of the line so they shouldn't know. You know that one's more expensive. I agree with trying to get away from the word metal as well. So that's a tricky one.

Speaker 1  18:01
But do you what is the metal? Is it aluminum? Is it steel? What is it made out of?

Unknown Speaker  18:08
It is steel.

Unknown Speaker  18:09
Let's use the word we

Speaker 3  18:10
think is a better term because steel

Speaker 1  18:14
deal elicits that. It's a strong metal material. And so if you have low maintenance that's a good selling point. You know, premium steel, that's a good selling point. I would I agree with Torian. If you eliminate any type of catch word around metallic material, they may be completely confused when they're in the process of ordering. I think steel would be a strong word to incorporate

Unknown Speaker  18:55
finding it is crazy you had

Matthias Miller  19:01
so I'm just going to propose an aviation maintenance free premium steel to go ahead.

Speaker 3  19:07
No, I think that's great. I think let's try that I'm game for that I really liked the idea. We rolling that maintenance free piece of it and then we change it to the steel see how people receive that better I think when we represent it to let's just be sure to maybe take just a an extra moment make sure the customer understands what he's getting that he's getting the profile of wood, the look of wood and maintenance free all rolled together. So think about that customer what you get out of this is no maintenance going forward. So no more staining or painting no more anything those costs go away. And also now you can have the maintenance free without having that Jinxy typical in the past metal look that has been associated with typical sheds. So Also making sure they understand that you have an end completely wood wrapped interior so everything is completely step inside or shed everything is completely wrapped in wood and it's ready to finish out etc that's not been typical to the industry with this metal stuff or whatever. So what is your observation I think you're spot on I think we'd be great to sneak a couple of tweaks and let's try that

Matthias Miller  20:41
see

Matthias Miller  20:55
okay, so one other follow up question to that this is going back to yesterday. Mike was Chris is somebody who put together those floor plan thumbnails or is there a better person to reach out to for that

Unknown Speaker  21:09
I'm sorry, I broke up a little bit. Can you repeat that last one?

Matthias Miller  21:13
Yeah, as far as the floorplan changes we talked about yesterday is just as somebody who could put together those thumbnails for us or is there somebody from a warehouse or somewhere who should be you're seeing Krista Cox yeah Crystal Palace

Unknown Speaker  21:32
Oh I'm sure she could

Matthias Miller  21:36
I ever saw chases down I don't know that I've seen you better pull those out from the images

Speaker 3  21:46
No, I think I think she would be a great person for it. You want to just send it to her asking her what to do and copy me in and then she's typically has capabilities of fairly quick turnaround

Unknown Speaker  22:17
good

Matthias Miller  22:26
Okay, what else?

Unknown Speaker  22:29
Any other questions

Unknown Speaker  22:35
I think I'm good on that

Speaker 1  22:36
in we noticed one thing while we're talking about pictures and metal for that matter, if you look at the color options on the website, there is no section that indicates the colors of the metal I think Tori and I have been taking like a picture of the printed material that was delivered to us to share with guests so maybe that placement of that on the website under those color selections would also be beneficial for folks it's something I think would be help for

Matthias Miller  23:30
the metal siding color we got metal roof pillars.

Speaker 1  23:37
Yeah just roofs or their shingles or their stained siding, siding and vinyl. If you use like the Westbury or the Glenview that are metal and you drill into those it'll show the color of those buildings but it won't show alternative colors. So that might be a benefit to the digital team is selling color choices

Matthias Miller  24:18
Mike who would have those who would have put together the brochures that they printed brochures that got

Speaker 3  24:31
your thing saying the like the coupon brochures the paper printed ones who put those together? Yeah. Those were the came from inside so those would have been through chyme, AIX backed Alan Miller would have access to those Hey it's Mark Troyer, Mark Trier could direct to the right access point for those

Unknown Speaker  25:12
awesome

Unknown Speaker  25:29
Michael, can I blast in here a little bit?

Matthias Miller  25:34
Sure. Hey,

Speaker 4  25:37
we have had quite a bit of people asking for pictures of our options. So if somebody asked for a workbench so what does a workbench look like? Or what do three two or shells look like? So couldn't we have something in place where they can click into your options? And all we'd have pictures of all our options Shingle Roof metal roof doors, like would that be beneficial to a customer

Unknown Speaker  26:15
Alright, so you got comments on that one

Matthias Miller  26:19
checking out the website now we can optional shed features with Windows Server two doors were options and then all the tier four way and all the additional options are got structural electrical exterior and interior upgrades but we don't have any pictures of any of those so

Speaker 4  26:40
yeah, the only probably we have would be doors and windows and yeah basically the doors and windows is the only thing we have yeah

Matthias Miller  26:50
yeah I would think so. I mean, I know somewhere we got pictures of like getting the poly ramp and other stuff like that but having that I'll be on that same page but we'd be helpful

Matthias Miller  27:15
like is that something else something that Alan bills to chase down to find his pictures for those? I think it would be

Speaker 3  27:22
if you would ask him for pictures and if he has those he could provide those if he doesn't he could reach out to I'm happy to have one of my agents take pictures of anything he would need and get those to him that he had that he doesn't have in file and it make that happen.

Matthias Miller  27:48
So some specifics would be all your ham magnetic doorstop. The workbench shelves loft pegboard baseboards heater air conditioner.

Speaker 3  28:08
It seems like it seems like just going down that list and list and making sure anything that's applicable. It seems like a picture's worth 1000 words. If I was buying something remotely, I would be pretty excited to be able to click onto something and see a visual of what it looks like I think Yeah.

Matthias Miller  28:27
What about some of the products interior wall sexual barrier locks guard some of the electrical stuff

Speaker 1  28:42
that textured radiant barrier we get asked by some folks like what is that a lot, so maybe seeing that exposed in the interior of a building. And there are some lovely pictures of the interior walls on the cottage style under the photo suite that we have access to that people also like just to see the finished look. And there's also a very nice picture in there of the breaker box that's been installed in a interior like with the paneling and everything is just cased very nicely that I've shared with quite a few people that are looking for tiny homes type of purchases. I think those are all really helpful pictures. Yeah.

Speaker 1  29:35
Is it potential Matthias that each of these additional options on that page would be a link to something further down the you know, the website tree? Is that something that you know I can help with? We have a lot of really nice descriptions in notions on each of these features. And I'm wondering if you need like copy plus a photograph If for each, and then the web element of that can be accomplished.

Matthias Miller  30:07
We don't currently have coffee with our options. Yeah.

Speaker 1  30:14
I guess I was thinking of leaning into what's already been published out in the dealer manual and notion it's, it's pretty detailed for each of these

Unknown Speaker  30:23
as far as what they're made of, and sizes and things like that.

Matthias Miller  30:37
argued with my question is simply, at what point do we put the law of diminishing returns? And exactly how far do we take this? There's arguments to be made in both directions. One, one, giving people sufficient information. And the other is giving people so much information that they spend all of the time researching and nothing, no time doing, I don't know that it's even a valid argument whatsoever.

Matthias Miller  31:09
Maybe it's just because I'm looking at it. And I'm like, that looks like a lot of work, to build out pages and copy for all of the different options that we possibly don't have. Maybe

Speaker 1  31:29
it sounds like all of these are interior elements, if we were to categorize them. And we have a really beautiful web page for the build quality, that is a picture of the building on from an exterior perspective, where you're seeing like that cross cut of the building, unfinished, though, on the inside. And I think pictures that folks are looking for are the finished elements. So I wonder if there is a benefit to making one page that has finished elements as kind of the hero in that page? Whether it's making I could take a stab at writing something like that. But that seems to be the theme. Way, based on what I'm hearing you say as well. It's like it's the inside stuff that folks can't quite they want to see it.

Unknown Speaker  32:21
Yes, basically.

Speaker 3  32:24
Yeah. What would be the what would be the the most efficient way to go at this? I mean, I don't understand for sure exactly how much effort and time goes into putting something in place like that, based on what we have, we know, there right now from your, you know, time consumption, etc. But if I were to have one of my agents just go through my list, and just haven't go out pop actual pictures with his iPhone, and then them to you is that something like, you could take and just drop in there, like not spending a ton of time? Or is there a lot more involved that we would need to do?

Matthias Miller  33:16
Well, it depends which way we go if we dropped them into the optional set features. Sir, that's not a lot of time. If you're talking, let's reorganize the menu and highlight the set features in the top menu, then we need to figure out where to put the resources, what to do with the options of resources menus. And and if you filled out individual pages or have potentially a lot of putting the copy in with each particular option, that's another round of word and so yeah,

Speaker 3  33:59
I'm gonna say that building this thing out is sort of, you're saying I want to lean on your observation and suggestion or proposal. What's your proposal, knowing what we know that we do?

Matthias Miller  34:22
I mean, my proposal is going to be to go lean. And, and let's take step one, to where we want to go. Let's put additional pictures of the additional options on the optional shed features. If somebody hasn't proposal Mersive human proposal how to restructure and to be clear, this has to be done on the ads landing page, but if you have a disposal on how to restructure the menu then had a highlight these I'm open to that and I think even with that I think phase one reading these these pictures makes sense if we want to go deeper than that I think we should also take into consideration what are people which pages are people actively looking at and looking for and let's find ways to highlight that as well let's be what they're looking for what I'm really scared about is we could get we could spend weeks or months revamping the website and I really want to avoid going down that

Speaker 3  35:54
that I agree I think we need to be careful that we focus on things that are actually going to bring benefit to help us close sales and let's not lose that pathway in whatever we do. Sure. So I'm going to propose we follow your direction and then with that, I think that's pretty next steps I mean, I would think probably Alan has pictures a bunch of pictures on file that he could pull and send you for water whatever he's not able to send I can have fresh ones taken reaching out to me I could take have pictures taken whatever else you need you think we need is beneficial to put on there. And I could do that fairly quickly

Matthias Miller  37:01
Well, let me let me shoot over this first list I'll copy you in and we'll see if we can find to be in touch with you and at least get that rolling

Matthias Miller  37:17
good Tory from your perspective what have people what kinds of pictures are things that people have been asking you to see more

Speaker 2  37:30
people have asked to see lofts a workbench pretty much what we discussed last Workbench shelving those three things

Unknown Speaker  37:44
I would say those are the most prominent

Speaker 2  37:50
it may be good to show the flooring like the difference between plywood and fifth year floor. So they can just have a visual of that outside of us explaining it to them the difference would it be too much to put features at the very top next to sheds where they can just click features and then has the page with all the features.

Matthias Miller  38:15
So if we do that, what do we do with the options menu and the resources menu it feels like options is

Matthias Miller  38:31
your I guess here's an option let me let me see Michael I know you can't see my screen and I'm going to share my screen so that we can I'll try to talk through clearly enough but we could we would change this to be

Matthias Miller  38:57
this is not going to stick but if we change the if we change the options to be features and

Unknown Speaker  39:08
I don't have that options pack on my end

Matthias Miller  39:12
you need to be on this here's the here's the public public website and this is the one that we're driving traffic to we've got two versions of a website okay. So we can make optimizations for marketing without and make changes to the public website without needing to consider campaign optimization issues. If we were to do let's let's do this slightly differently

Matthias Miller  39:53
so imagine that this is in a slightly different order but This would be

Matthias Miller  40:08
so we would have a longer time instead of sheds building quality options and resources we would have had ordered here

Matthias Miller  40:27
something like this. And under resources, we have something like articles or what previously had been under

Speaker 1  40:42
bias word is features take you to from this menu that would

Matthias Miller  40:45
take you to

Speaker 1  40:50
optional show features. I think the two pages that we want for an online guest to see is this page, and we want them to see the shed color features. So if there's a way in this process, there is probably less of a desire for them to be clicking through articles as there is this page because it's their tool for making a selection. What when they can't walk on a lot to make that selection. So if we can make Shen's build quality, color options, and then additional features, that's kind of the hammering points of what you need to configure an order when they're on the phone. So they could easily click through. Those will give them some direction

Unknown Speaker  41:44
that he

Speaker 1  41:50
he could call it design, you know, that's kind of what they're doing is they're designing it. And then they have their features they can add into it.

Unknown Speaker  42:10
If there's a drop down or feature, so say color.

Matthias Miller  42:17
Do you want to? I mean, that's not that's that's actually pretty close to what we have. Under options we have epic. I mean, we could we could simplify the Options menu. So you'd have sheds Ehlers features than you want siting, and design or metal.

Matthias Miller  42:41
Or is that under Resources,

Speaker 1  42:42
I haven't had to go to this way, I haven't had to ask anybody to go to those pages, I've had to ask them to go look at the colors. And I've had to ask them to go look at the additional options haven't had to drill into a specific product page, like the designer metal and the siding. So if there's the potential to keep those pathways down in the footer, for those that need to research the materials more intensively. And then in the main menu, keep the more like action, like I need someone to look at the color they're picking. And it's right there in the main menu compared to in the footer. And same for the options, they can look at it from the main menu

Matthias Miller  43:39
Well, if we could it's it's too many, there's too many options. So we have to we kill the visit link and let people do that. I mean, we could this is a little generic. I'm not completely sure if I'm a fan but we could do

Speaker 1  44:07
does that particular drop down more have to be on the main menu can it be well I see those same options below under the navigation in the footer cannot be simply removed and those are this is where you would access those additional pages. And then you can just have four only because it's it's repeating a couple of them like contact is above and.

Speaker 1  44:58
So like when you expand more at least Is three of those elements are already up there get a custom quote that buttons right beside it the contact the phone numbers are above in the banner and then colors are now repeated and features are now repeated because they're in the other they're just Rican relocated I guess

Matthias Miller  45:21
yeah you're gonna add articles to this list maybe

Speaker 1  45:35
I don't think articles are necessarily not in the main menu

Matthias Miller  45:40
is there a an alternate term for both quality like

Unknown Speaker  45:48
like a one word term

Matthias Miller  45:53
structure or

Unknown Speaker  45:59
she's sure action

Unknown Speaker  46:15
formation layout

Unknown Speaker  46:22
oh that's good one

Unknown Speaker  46:27
framing just throw stuff out there

Unknown Speaker  46:30
yeah

Speaker 1  46:41
can you use the word construction is that too simple? So it's a shared constructions color features and that would have probably the wrong word

Matthias Miller  47:12
nobody likes quality good work this yep Yes, all right. So if we have to see these changes and we have to prioritize simplified menu, we have to prioritize pictures of the floorplan and rewording of the designer metal show, which of these do you think has the greatest impact on? Do you anticipate having the greatest impact on sales experience?

Speaker 1  48:36
I personally I think if I was guiding someone, pictures are valuable, but they can be emailed. The wording is potentially one of the leading contributors here. However, we are trying to sell people on the up side of metal as well as other products. I almost think that if they are on this page, and they're driven here from the ad, that this is the primary objective is getting them as much information as possible before they hit Get free quote. So they're educated on what are they asking for her neck free quote. So I will be in favor of simplifying this. In addition, if they're on the phone with Tori and I were pointing them here, we can just walk through the series of four steps, size of shed quality of products, color option of your choice, and then additional features in the interior so they can kind of follow along with you while you're in the dealer portal, making those choices as they go. I think that could be very beneficial and alleviate some of the headaches.

Matthias Miller  49:45
Yeah. So you would actually put simply menu first. Second, third point.

Speaker 1  49:54
Yeah. So metal language second, and then it's Some photos, I mean, personally, I think we have access to photos in that library that you sent over, but adding them into the website would be helpful, but I would rank it third at this point because we can still email those to them.

Matthias Miller  50:15
While I'm most concerned about adding those photos to the bottom of the page, it's highly unlikely to have substantial impact on almost anything. Sir. At least having

Speaker 1  50:30
access to those photos for questions for guests that do have that question, or they're a serious buyer, and they're adding a workbench and they want to see the workbench, do you think that's important?

Matthias Miller  50:40
Yeah. I'm sorry, would you prioritize them the same way we prioritize them differently?

Speaker 2  50:46
Um, I think I prioritize the same. And the fact that they can follow along as well, that's how I can do it. I think those are the most important things. So I agree.

Matthias Miller  51:01
Okay, Michael, I'm gonna send you a picture to propose website just so that you can see and I should actually let me go ahead and also do a now versus

Matthias Miller  51:19
now versus what we're proposing so you can see that as well.

Matthias Miller  51:28
Good

Speaker 1  51:31
luck with iOS you never know what direction these hurdles will take you and having to work on the fly all the time. Oh, my goodness. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  51:44
We appreciate that.

Matthias Miller  51:47
Sure. All right. Good. Well, we're done anything else?

Unknown Speaker  51:56
today? Good Friday, everyone. Yes.

Speaker 3  52:02
No, I think that's great. Appreciate that. Perfect. One last quick one. Matthias Can you also copy Wayne and ellsen handle on that? screenshot?

Matthias Miller  52:16
Well, good I guess. Thanks, everybody.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai