Unknown Speaker  02:41
there. Hey, Barbara.

Speaker 1  02:45
I didn't see the Zoom link, so I didn't look closely at that.

Matthias Miller  02:49
Oh, good. Okay, just FYI, I've got my sister Mary listening in on the call as well. So great. Yeah, so I've wanted to connect for a long time. But I didn't really have any reason to which I don't know that I need to have a reason. But then yesterday on the call is you were talking, you know, I had this thought that, but let me back up a little bit. I don't know how much you know, of, of, well, I've talked a little bit about what we do. One of the most ironic things that we do is we build software for the Amish. And, you know, I've often told people I live a life of contradictions. So

Speaker 1  03:42
certainly true. I mean, that's like, the only thing I can think of is like I was hired by Allied Van Lines years ago to be a spokesperson for a program they had called Smooth new move. And I said, you expect when you say that was a straight face, that's like an oxymoron. I don't care if you're moving across the street or around the world, there is no such thing as a smooth move. No software, Amish I think comes in.

Matthias Miller  04:14
That's awesome. So there's, there's a, so one of my clients. One of our clients is an Amish shed manufacturer up towards Salsbury, North Carolina. And this guy is a dreamer and an innovator if I've ever seen one. Like literally, he invented a he and his team. I don't know how they did this. There's three things that they did number one, they have a way to put the roof on without any nail holes, which is the number one cause for leaks. Number Number two, they have their own custom flooring system that you can literally wipe oil off the flooring system and keeps it Lean, so stain free floors. And number three, they have a custom metal roll forming business where they produce metal siding that looks like wood. So you have these elegant buildings, you know, would you have to repaint, you have to do all this stuff or you get metal and it just looks kind of trashy, cheap, expensive, and they combine the two. And so this guy is a dreamer. And I'm working with them, we fix their marketing problem, we think we're working to fix their sales problem. So they went from being a wholesaler, with not a lot of control over their business, and they're wanting to become their own retailer. So they regain control of their business. And so I've mentioned different things in the past, I'm like, Look, all your people have storage problems, like you should go sell a subscription service to these people. And, you know, if you have a clutter problem, you have a recurring clutter problem, you're gonna have it now you're gonna have it in six months, you're gonna have it in 12 months, at least, it's not gonna go away, probably. And so why not sell this as a service? And, or why not sell some kind of, you know, down sell where, you know, we've had a number of people who are like, $3,000, for a shed, like, do you have anything under two? And like, well, not, not if you don't want it to fall over when you lean against it. So this is I want to frame this appropriately to say that this is a fairly blue sky conversation with low levels of commitment. But I do think he's, I mean, he's this guy who loves to think about these things. And if there's anybody who would be open to saying, we have all well, okay, so let me add one more step in, sir, buying all these leads, and not nearly all of the leads convert into shed sales. All right. It's a very small segment. So you know, how can we be more resourceful with these leads? Well, after they're on our list for 30 days, or they, you know, or they've been on a list for two weeks, and there's no sign of life, in contact to a sales team? Could we offer them a webinar, for example? Exactly. And say, Hey, would

Speaker 1  07:28
you guys problem? Yeah, there's a whole there's a whole bunch of things. I mean, there's this seat, one of the things that you haven't mentioned that what I mentioned to you that I had spent a lot of effort trying to get, I got junk as a client. Yeah. And what I tried to do was get to add an inventory system to it.

Matthias Miller  07:53
Interesting, so explain a little bit how that would work.

Speaker 1  07:56
Second, I just lost you for some reason or other what happened? Oh, there it is. So my experience is that through the years, I've had people that had clutter, or they were moving or whatever it is, and they put it in storage, they have no idea what's there. Yep. Or if you have a company or a home, where they, they need to keep it either for legal reasons, or sentimental reasons or whatever. But they need to be able to access it. So like if something really happened. And so years ago, I partnered with a company called Monticello that created software called the paper tiger software. And it was miraculous. I mean, it was like when I saw that software, I just said this software has the potential to change businesses offices around the world for ever. And we I mean, it was just the concept was simply that you turned a file cabinet into a warehouse. And the file folders were containers in the warehouse, and you simply put a number on the folder, and then you went to the software and you indexed it with all the keywords and then when you wanted something you typed in the keyword and it says it's in file 37 I had a client that had 35,000 files, and we could find anything in five seconds. It was unbelievable. So unfortunately, we came out with that just as software was going away, and people were doing software online. Yep. company just couldn't make the change. And we ended up I spent 12 years of my life and ended up getting no money and was called disloyal and all kinds of other horrible things. It was just a horrible experience. While I had that I went to I got joked and I said when you lease out this space, you should lease an inventory system to go with it, which would mean that people would know what was in there. And then when they wanted it, so you'd number the boxes or figure out a way to do it. And then somebody could have we have an app on the phone, you could literally pick up your app and say, I'm looking for XYZ, and it would say, it's box number 17 in the storage system, you know, in the storage system. And I still think it had, you know, I think it had potential, and I think it still does have potential in in that and there are as people are trying to downsize, there are things that they really do want to keep, but they're important. And they're things that they would like to be able to access. And they're not of equal value. You know, like some of the stuff is, like, I have so many clients who are accountants or financial services, where they have boxes and boxes and boxes of records that are in the attic, and the garage, and whatever. And their wife says when you get this junk out of my house, and they don't know what to do with it and whatever else. So that's one kind. And then there's people where somebody in the family dies, and they leave furniture, and they don't have a need for the furniture now, but they have a child who might want an apartment when they get out of college. So they need to, they just need to keep it long enough until that child gets out of college and has an apartment and see where they use it at you know examples like that? Well, the problem is they forget they have it. I've always used to Hempfield principle, if you don't know you have to you can't find me this have no value. And that's exactly what happens. They forget they have it, or they can't find it. And so if you took those storage units and you inventory them, then literally you would have usable functional space. I mean, you could literally send your husband or your wife to the storage unit and say I want the box of China that I want to use for Christmas.

Matthias Miller  11:58
Yep. That's interesting.

Matthias Miller  12:10
I mean, there's so many ways you could go with this as well. You could have a keyword.

Speaker 1  12:15
I just want to plant a seed. I've no idea. If you ever work with a client that wants a spokesperson, there is nothing I love doing more than being a spokesperson. So and I've done it before.

Matthias Miller  12:28
Yes, I can tell. Barbara is irrelevant here.

Speaker 1  12:33
That's right. That's exactly right. I can do this still as, as the, as I say, on the farm until the cows come home. I mean, when I was wired to do.

Matthias Miller  12:46
And there were not enough places in Nebraska for that, to tell you that. Um, I mean, imagine if you had each shed got printed with a QR code that was personalized with that buildings. You know, each building actually gets assigned what we call a stin, which is a structure identification number, something like that. So imagine if you had a QR code that was unique to the building, you could scan it, it would say, hey, you know, would you like to install the app if you haven't, or, or opens up the app and like, boom, right there, you can punch in what you need. Now the really fascinating thing, again, you know, there's the ethics question all this but if we have this information, to know what people are storing in their shed if we anonymize it, but use it for marketing purposes. Wow, that's golden.

Unknown Speaker  13:36
Yes, indeed.

Matthias Miller  13:45
So okay, so let's say hypothetically, Okay, So option one to sell these people is an app with a subscription inventory system. How many of these people but most people, I'm gonna guess that 5% of the people actually have the willpower interest, willpower ability even to go put everything into boxes and catalogue it, is that right? Um,

Speaker 1  14:26
maybe, although a lot of times, if it like we found so we teach, we have this the our most popular services called Total office transformation. And basically what we do it's for, for mostly solopreneurs or small companies that have piles of paper. And we teach them to inventory in them in what we call finding system so we don't use a filing system. We use a finding system, and it's it's just a series of file folders with numbers on them and we teach them how to do that. And some people are so relieved because they don't want to throw away anything. But they're also sick of the clutter. And so they really are. And it's, it's also a, an easy two person job, okay? One person opens up the box of files and the other person types it in. So you could literally have a service of very low, you know, people that you're paying 10 bucks an hour to, where they could type in so that the homeowner, whoever owns it would be where the stuff is. And then they would tell the person at the keyboard what the stuff was. So I'm doing this right now with a client whose 92 year old woman whose mother was told if she didn't get rid of the paper in her in the facility where she is they're going to charge her more money. And she won't, doesn't want to throw it away. So they're trying to figure out what to do. So I don't know if this is going to work. So the sun is going there for Thanksgiving. So he's going to set up the he's going to organize the files in this new miracle filing system. It'll just be files with numbers one through 100. And then he'll get everything organized. So he knows where everything is, we use the Have you ever heard an app called workflowy?

Matthias Miller  16:21
No, it's just It's

Speaker 1  16:23
the simple it's just a bowl. It's a It's make lists not war. It's just a bullet and the bullet is a list. So it's, and we've done it in Excel, we've done it in one No, we've done it in Evernote, we've done it in whoever but it's just a platform, we use workflow because it's very easy, and it's on the phone. So he will have that. So then when he goes back, he can call his mom and his mom can tell him what piece of paper she has. He can tell her what to do with it and say mom put it in file number 13. That means she's taking care of her paper. They're having a positive interaction. And he is the son knows what's happening to the paper. So when she dies, he can find what he needs. It's a golden, golden opportunity. So I think the same principle would operate could operate here.

Matthias Miller  17:21
So okay, so level one, by the way, do you do you currently run a team for total office transformation that are that goes and does it or

Speaker 1  17:30
another whole sad says, okay, production theory, I have people that do it. Okay. So I there's a company that I created called productive environment Institute. Yeah, I created it, I got into very bad emotional state, and wasn't able to run it anymore. And one of the people I trained Andrew Anderson was there. And I said to her, what kind of company do you want to have? And she said, I want to manage a virtual international company. So I said, How about mine? So bottom line, I basically gave the company to her. But I still support it. I still, we just came back from retreat, and I was the major P and I have access to all those people. And so not all of them is not that many, and they're not going to work for $10. I mean, they're their organizers. They're getting total office transformation they sell for like $4,000. Yep. Because it's a miracle. I mean, we used to call it the eight hour miracle. I go into an office for eight hours, and it'd be so funny. We'd be like, getting to like our six and they say, Wow, this is a myth. No matter what you do. But I quit calling it that. Because when you would try to sell it, I'd put the price and they take the price and divided by eight and say, Oh, it's too expensive. I can't afford it. So we had

Matthias Miller  18:59
That's hilarious. Yes.

Speaker 1  19:03
Option two, you mentioned the down sell. So if somebody contacted you, it means they have clutter. So we could offer, there could be webinars that they can go to on how to deal with clutter, which might end up being an upsell, because they may find Oh, some of this stuff I really need to keep but I only need one chance I don't need to or I don't know or I can inventory it if I put it in a shed or something like that. And then we could the consultants that we train and we all work virtually that's the cool thing. I mean, when COVID came, we help people organize offices, and we didn't have to go in their office. We did we've been doing it virtually for years. Yeah. So then we could pay a percentage for those leads. I mean, if some of those if, if PE I got those leads, then anything that we got out of it, we would pay a percentage to them for the leads, but potentially might end up being an upsell. I mean, it was like, we'd be great partners. I mean, because we're, we're doing the same I tried to. We tried to sell SL Tei, the founder of pendoflex, this whole system, and we said, if you would, you would buy this concept. And we said to your pendoflex, was selling commodities, it's like everything you're selling is made in China. And half of the things they hired me one time, they wanted me to come and go to, to Ireland to do this thing on developing products. And I said, you don't want me to come because I said, 80% of the come on the products that you buy, I go into offices, and I throw in the trash. Because they don't fall clutter problems, they create clutter. And so then that made them more intrigued, they said, Well, you actually know more about our clients than we do. And I said, Yeah, that's probably true.

Unknown Speaker  20:55
And so

Speaker 1  20:57
we really do want you to come and so I didn't really particularly want to go, but I put my price at $10,000 a day plus business travel, which is 20 years ago, and that was like, I mean, who's gonna pay. And they paid me $10,000 a day for three days. And it was the most exciting time because they had somebody from finance somebody from an executive, somebody from manufacturing somebody from product development. And we were in this room with this German team coming up with creating products that we could sell. I mean, it was absolutely awesome. But anyway, I've tried to get them to come to buy this, buy this and call it the pendoflex filing system. And I said, if you would do that, you would change the business world for ever. And they put a VP on it, and we worked on it for a quarter, but they just couldn't get it. They couldn't get out of the commodity mindset. They couldn't, couldn't get out of that. And now they have I mean, I don't know the company's selling some crazy thing

Matthias Miller  21:59
right now. But yeah. Interesting. Okay, so this triggers the next question. Have you ever personally bought a storage shed? I have not. Okay. And how well do you think so? So you think there's an overlap? I mean, you say, you know, these people better than than pendoflex? Does? Well, that's interesting. Do you know these better these people better than we do? Well,

Speaker 1  22:49
I probably know him as well as you do. I don't know if I know him better than you do. But I would suspect because the people who buy them are people who have clutter. And that's what I've been dealing with for 44 years.

Matthias Miller  22:59
Exactly. So I'm not sure how to crack this one open. But okay, well. You know, one of the things that I've been wrestling with a bit is what really, really, really differentiates us from everybody else. Because there are some things like these products. They are a small differentiator, sizeable but small, but still at the end of the day small.

Matthias Miller  23:52
We can have a very productive, let's say two hour conversation around nothing, but how how would you market sheds as the antidote to clutter? And the second and third and fourth level constant consequence, both good and bad, of dealing with it or not dealing with it? And we would have some riveting marketing material that would come out of that. I can practically guarantee you Does that sound about right?

Speaker 1  24:24
Yeah, I think so. And I mentioned to you that I had this dream about these bullets about these billboards. Yeah, yep. And I all Purple's, my favorite colors I always do. And I had visited these current desist, big purple bulletin board. And in big white letters, it just said, clutter hurts.com. And my original idea was that I wanted to tie into a website where it said if you're an organization, click here. If you're or an individual click here. And then I would go to the kinds of companies and resources and whatever that would help solve the clutter problem in those areas. So with companies, it would be shredding companies and scanning companies and all that. And then with individuals that would be scanning, with Goodwill Industries and places like that, where you can donate and all that. And then those people would pay for the right to be on that thing, because I just think, if somebody had clutter, and it was bothering them, and they went by, and they saw a big billboard that said, clutter hurts. I think they can remember that. It's one of the things that's always killed me about billboards is I look at billboards, and I think I don't even know what this billboard is for. And when I look at a billboard with one of these, I don't know, $40,000 watches, I think, does anybody really look at the billboard and then go buy and 40 just don't watch?

Matthias Miller  26:06
And do the people who buy $40,000 watches? didn't buy them because of a billboard? Like, really? Agency was trying to use up their ad budget or something.

Speaker 1  26:17
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. But I just thought, I mean, with this company, just think of what a cool thing we can do with that we could we could have billboards that said, clutter hertz.com. And then that would take them to the whatever resources they were going to offer. And they could build a name on that. I mean, they I mean, in a way, it's, it's kind of an oxymoron, right? Because they're selling I think it would be it would be a differentiator because they're selling something to store clutter. But yet they're advertising people ways that they can solve the clutter problem. And then I think we can also look at the thing about how can these sheds because they're attractive? It seems like there are other ways that they could be used, I mean, because there are especially because, again, post COVID There are so many people who are realizing that like in Porgy and Bess, I got plenty of nothing and nothing's flooding for me, you know, it's like I'm sick of all this stop. And so they're, they're downsizing or or retirees or people who want to travel and not maintain a 4000 square foot house or whatever else. This could be I mean, you really could wrap up a real differentiator and really build a fabulous fun brand. I mean, turn some you know, put some lightheartedness into it and semi it's all about emotion. I mean, clutter is all about emotion. And I think I think you could do some really cool things

Matthias Miller  28:25
alright, so my mind is jumping to

Matthias Miller  28:33
tactics, execution. First of all, one thing we need to figure out is how do we protect Barbara's forget how many 40 odd years of clutter knowledge and how do we leverage that if we can to get you your 10k a month donation or whatever it is. And beyond which is a separate Congress. I mean, which, you know, that's that's a conversation to be had but second

Matthias Miller  29:24
do you have any intellectual property? Okay, so if you were to sell to to pee pee p i, is that the right? Yeah. P E. I, if you're if we're so leads the P E. I do they have? So they have the core system? I mean, is it kind of like the do it yourself? Done with you done for you model where you have like the

Speaker 1  29:46
Yep, it's like I can buy the online program, which they do it themselves but we have two calls a month where they can jump on and ask questions. And then we have We do it for you or with you, it's always with you, we never do it without the client being there because they have to make the decisions. And then based on the number of days, that they do it, and it can be virtual, or it can be in person, we have people who want it in person. So those are the options that we that we offer.

Matthias Miller  30:25
So we're also playing around, I mean, we've been doing, we're doing a pilot test. Let me back up, this is a very fun part of this project. We, we were able to so because this is a wholesale business, it's not really ethical to take customer lists and remarket to them because they're not technically our customers or the clients customers. But you can feed them to marketing agency and say, Go do analysis on these and go develop a customer model and go find a look alike list of all people who match this, this model. Okay. And so we do have, we do have a marketing model that targets that encapsulates this, this demographic, and we've been running an experiment direct mail campaign, around selling sheds to these people. Now, it remains to be seen how effective that's going to be that's rolling out, it's hitting the mail very directly here. Along with that. Okay, so if we use a list like that, and whether it was through? Well, again, taking a step back from the tactical piece, the thing about something like clutter hurts.com Is that you just broaden the scope of people who may be seriously interested about that problem. versus just the solution of buying a shed. And if you nail this correctly, then maybe there's a way through, you know, PII partnerships or something like that, where we can liquidate a substantial portion of the ad spend and or marketing expense with, with downsells while generating leads for people who might be wanting to buy shots.

Speaker 1  32:46
That's right. Yeah, I think that that's, I mean, I think there I think there are some ways you know, I'm a big believer in together a better I mean, I think there's just, that's what we ought to be doing is figuring out ways to to support each other and I think there's I think there's some ways to do that, but I have no idea what billboard costs are I haven't done any research on that whatsoever. I have absolutely no idea and I'm assuming you could do a pilot for a while and pick an area and do a pilot and see how well it does or you know, some things like that I'm just not sure

Matthias Miller  33:28
let's see. Yeah, I mean, they can range from seven to 15 a month in rural areas all the way up to 14 grand and more I mean, much less expensive. Again, this is diving way deep in the tactics I don't know that that's the appropriate conversation at this point. But but a really inexpensive test is we're building an email list and just testing a webinar with email list and seeing whether they convert and what that looks like.

Matthias Miller  34:05
Fascinating let me jump over to this spokesperson thing for a bit as well.

Matthias Miller  34:20
What does what's the what's the ideal?

Matthias Miller  34:33
Don't even know quite what my question is. Okay, there's, here's what it is. There's a recipe or a formula, if you do A, B, C, and D as preparation and you do d f g as follow up, and in the middle. You bring in Barbara with her With her spokesperson skills, and and you are the final flavor to this, this whole thing? This is a broader question apart from this specific conversation, this specific instance, but what is the what is the ABCD? That the places where you've been a spokesperson? What are the things that make it work? Is it somebody getting you on getting the stage ready for you getting the people gathered?

Speaker 1  35:29
To be honest, I haven't done I don't have enough experience to be able to say that. I really don't. I don't know the answer to that. I've done it a few times, but not enough to have any and, and I also didn't have access to the, you know, I was just paid to do the job. But I wasn't involved in the quantifying the success of it or anything. So I honestly do not know that.

Unknown Speaker  35:52
Makes sense. Okay. Makes sense.

Speaker 1  35:58
I think my my skill set is the ability if the vendor tells me what the message is they want delivered, and it's something I have a passion about that I can conjure up some passion, then I connect, I have a good ability to connect, you know, with people in a fairly short period of time. So I think that's the question is whether there's a message that this company wants to descend that I would guess one of the things I've talked about knowing your customer, the majority of them, I'm sure, I would guess are probably over 40.

Matthias Miller  36:44
Yeah. Yeah. Now you got me curious. Let me see if I can.

Unknown Speaker  36:50
Yeah, any demographics, I'd be interested in it, because that

Unknown Speaker  36:52
would be the model look at the model. Here it is. Pull it up, and I can show it to you. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  37:23
Also be interested to know how this, how this relates to what you would have seen in your business? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  37:29
Interesting. Okay, I'm sorry, is this the right, this is not the right. No, hang on? I think there's a more in depth one, let me see.

Speaker 1  37:48
And would be really, because that would also that would help me if I knew more about who your customers are. That would also help me figure out how to maximize that opportunity. You know, based on right.

Matthias Miller  38:07
Okay, so disproportionately high number of people have two adults in the household. Sense. Number of children. This does not seem not wait. So this number of children does not seem to be that relevant.

Speaker 1  38:37
You know, what's interesting about that? I bet you a lot of those that may be empty nesters where they have the stuff leftover from the children who are no longer there. I run into that all the time. My kids are in college, and they've left all their stuff behind. And you know, they didn't know what to do. I don't know. But that that's, that may be one of the reasons that that doesn't, that doesn't impact the number of children doesn't affect it, but it affects how much stuff they have. Right?

Matthias Miller  39:14
Makes sense? Income. Now this was this was targeted towards we this is we believe the retailer, or the retailer was intentionally targeting lower income demographics. But definitely, if you take a look, there's there's above average, 30 to 40k. But then there's also big peaks from 40 to say, 100k. And I don't know whether people above six figures just don't buy or don't need it. Well, their use case changes probably. Maybe more likely to be well, there's a lot of reasons that we can surmise at least If you want to pool house, you might just build a pool house instead of buying a shed, as a pool house. It's gonna ask you Is that is that? Is that an option? For example? Yeah. As pool houses? Yes.

Speaker 1  40:17
And because they're attractive, that seems like a huge plus. It's expensive. It's cheaper than building a pool house, I

Matthias Miller  40:24
would guess. Yeah. Yeah, buildings range from the absolute cheapest building is about four grand. And they do build whole buildings, which goes way beyond the scope. But, you know, it goes all the way up to I don't know, for sure the upper end for 20 to 30k. largest buildings. home value, typically 50k 250k home value. Predominantly, you know, above average high school education, head of household. This one is interesting. 44 to 64 is kind of that peak number with some children,

Unknown Speaker  41:07
and just what I would have expected.

Matthias Miller  41:10
Married by Yep. Yep. Yeah, that's disproportionately low single.

Speaker 1  41:16
Yeah. And length of residence higher than 15 plus years. That's certainly predictable. That's the number one of the issues. That is a huge issue for retirement homes and all that. The number one thing that stops people from moving into those is they don't know what to do with their stuff. I was hired one time, there was a beautiful retirement home, real high end brand, a quarter page ad in the New York Times when I came out with my book taming the paper, Tiger. And they offered that that Barbara Hemphill author of taming the paper tiger was going to do a seminar on downsizing. And they paid me like $10,000 to come and do this event for potential residents or for the children of potential residents, on how to help them get rid of their stuff. Because that, I mean, it's a huge, huge factor. One time one one of my books came out, I was over at a bookstore in Durham I camera with the name of it is, and there were six women sitting on the front row. They were all either divorced or widowed, living in houses bigger than 4000 square feet by themselves. But they were staying there because they didn't know what to do with their stuff. And none of their kids wanted it. That is a huge problem in our culture. It is at that I'm speaking to Hayes Barton Baptist church next week. And that's that's the topic that I'm addressing. It's a huge problem in our culture.

Speaker 2  43:05
Wow. So then your answer to them? Would they buy the answer that

Matthias Miller  43:19
basically you can, you don't know what to do with your stuff. Find a small house, catalog and inventory your stuff and put it in a storage, you know, storage building, and keep it there out of sight out of mind. And but you can find stuff if you want. That's the basic idea.

Speaker 1  43:38
And when you die, you don't leave people with a mess. Because one of the things I talk about all the time is what happens and my brother's a living example of it. My father was a farmer and farmers keep everything I mean, you know, because you never know you're poor. You had 13 cents a day I was born. And when he died, my brother wanted to clean up the mess. And he said every time I would go to clean up a pile, he said I felt guilty because dad wouldn't have done this. So one of the things that happens is you're grieving for the loss of someone you love dearly. And you feel like you're being disrespectful. It's like oh my gosh, this is I mean, as if the grief weren't enough, then you have to have now you have to deal with all their stuff as well. I mean, it's the most wonderful gift you can give your children to not leave them with a pile of crack.

Matthias Miller  44:28
Yeah. I mean, there's these really weird right angle partnerships, like who would think that a sorry, retirement home would be a partnership would be a potential partner for a shed company or who would think that an estate lawyer would be a potential partner for a shed company would be well they would,

Speaker 1  45:00
but it was absolute. That's exactly what I had in mind with the idea of clutter hurts. It was like, in fact, I was talking to Kevin White, who's the publisher, you know, that I'm working with right now. And I was telling him that I didn't he said, Okay, you said, Well, how long would it take you to come up with that case? If we did put a website that said, controverse.com? How long would it take you to come up with all the different resources that that you could use? I'll probably a couple hours, you know, and then then I was like, Okay, well, we can go to these different places and and market it to them and say, you know, would you be willing to pay X number of dollars to be on this and for a period of time. And I mean, that was where I was going with that. I just love the idea. I think I just think clutter in our country is, is at a point. It's never been, it's always been a problem. But it is a bigger problem now than it has ever been because of so many things all coming together, you're coming with children and grandchildren not wanting what their parents have, you're coming with downsizing, you're coming with companies downsizing, and wanting to immediately get rid of all the stuff that they've stored. I mean, there's just a whole bunch of factors all coming together. And people not being happy realizing that all this stuff is not causing, it's causing them grief, and they want to get over it, but they don't know what to do. And I just think there's I don't know, 30 years ago, I had this thing up there that that when I started this company, nobody I when I started organizing industry simply didn't exist. It was unheard of. And when I went to the Small Business Administration is that I'm going to start a business organizing classes and coverage, they laughed me out of the rooms, and I was crazy. Nobody's going to do that. Well, it's a multi billion dollar industry right now. And I don't think we've begun to scratch the surface. We haven't solved the problem at all. I mean, most of the most organizing consultants do not solve the problem. They put a bandaid on it, but they don't solve it. And we haven't even touched the corporate problem with clutter which is huge.

Matthias Miller  47:18
So Barbara, what what would you need? You have this vision in your head for what all this stuff could become. And again, we've like, barely scratched the surface of the surface. What do you actually need to go make? But first of all, let's start with this. Do you want to make clutter hurts happen?

Speaker 1  47:38
Oh, gosh, I would love to. I would love to

Unknown Speaker  47:43
what do you need to make it happen?

Speaker 1  47:50
I need I need people that know how to execute. I never I'm not I'm a dreamer. But I don't know. I don't have good follow through skills. I don't have any technical skills I and I'm a I'm a brainstorm. I do better like what you and I are doing together. Like when we're talking this way. I can come up with ideas right and last when I'm sitting in my office trying to come up with that I'm just like, I have no energy. I have no energy to do it. But when I'm in the room of somebody else's Yes, let's do this. So what do I need? I need a team I need Yeah, I just I need people who get who are interested in in the idea and get it and can help me find the right skill and you help me find the lists the right skilled people to pull it together. That's I mean, there's no question it's doable. I mean, I've lived it for four decades. I used to have a vision of it said the building I had up on my bulletin board 40 years ago billion dollar industry because that's the way I saw it. And then at one point, I got so tired and depressed. I suicidal I just ripped it up and threw it away and said I guess I because I could never I could never come up with the resources to pull it together. And plus, I live with someone who's not a dreamer. So it's like it's just I love him dearly, but he's just not a dreamer. And so it's been hard

Matthias Miller  49:31
do you need funding to make it happen?

Speaker 1  49:32
Oh yeah, I live hand to mouth I literally I haven't made money in I just I buy credit cards and learn how to do a little bit more and manage to but I live hand I'm in charge of a business I live hand to mouth and always have

Matthias Miller  49:51
okay so here's why In one of the many, many, many, many I don't know that I've shared this with the, with the group that I enrolled in roundtable, Perry Marshalls round table for 2023.

Speaker 1  50:15
Oh Kyler Kyler is trying to get me to sign up and I'm just I'm told him I'd given decision the Monday after Thanksgiving. And I, I am very inclined to do it. I really am very inclined to do it, especially after, after the deliverance that I had from Stephanie. I mean, that deliverance experience with Stephanie was I mean, it, it answered problems that I have dealt with my entire life. I mean, suddenly, when I saw that picture of me in my mother's womb in Jesus lab separated, it's like, so this is why I have wanted to die for all of my life. I mean, it was like, I mean, I was, it's just mind boggling. And I think everything's changed. So as a result of that, because I feel like that was the block that was preventing me from doing the things that needed to be done. So I'm very serious. The only thing that I'm hesitant about is Melbourne Pillay. Have you been experienced? Have you been exposed to him?

Matthias Miller  51:27
I was in his get activated live. I did a whiteboard session with him. It's been five to seven years, probably five years ago now. Okay. And it but I haven't I've not. And I strongly considered his certification program when he was starting that up, but wasn't quite the right time. And or people close to me weren't super supportive of it. I so I've been he

Speaker 1  51:52
didn't follow through with that. But what he's now oh my gosh, what's happening him now is just unbelievable. He's been made and Ambassador, the London House of Lords as getting him a citizenship in England. I think I shared it with Stephanie. Maybe she shared it with you. I mean, it's just, and then he texted yesterday, he had an opportunity to speak to some very high up people in in Vienna, and he was on a boat, and it was it was foggy. And he said, But God's got to the fog, I have 23 minutes to catch the train to get there. And, and he said he sent out this thing that he was doing a some kind of a mastermind thing about overcoming spiritual stuff. I mean, it's like, it's I mean, he, he believes that entrepreneurs were meant to be billionaires. He said, I think entrepreneurs were created. And when I did my whiteboard session, he said, I believe that you were created to use entrepreneurship to create millionaires and billionaires. And so he's got that program, and that program is $6,000 for for three months, or six months, I can't remember and 20,000 for the year or something like that. So it's like, okay, I mean, I could I have enough cash to do one? I'd have to borrow money to do the second one. And I can't decide between two because I think, and part of me wants to do both. Because I think that the Perry Marshall side is the business side. It's like, what do I need to do from a business standpoint? But the Melvin P lay side is what do I need to do on the spiritual side, because if I don't get the fear of spiritual sub, right, then I'm not gonna do the other. I'm thinking, Okay, this would be a huge investment. But if I invested in both of those things, and now that I've had the deliverance that I'm past, several people in my memos for head and head office have said, you know, that I had the potential to do things that would generate millions of dollars. And it's like, for the first time in my life, I can actually believe that that might be true. I knew before that it was potentially there. But I didn't think I could do it. I've never thought I could do it. I have spent 1000s, hundreds of $1,000 Trying to find other people to do it other people to take my vision. And all they did was took my money and didn't give me what I needed. And I was left farther in doubt. I mean, one time I paid about $85,000 to be president of the company for a year and I said, I will do whatever you tell me to do. I did whatever he did, at the end of the year, he had his $85,000 and I was $150,000 in debt. And so that's the kind of experience I've had an over and over because I always said I wasn't capable of doing it. But now as a result of deliverance, I feel differently. So I don't know.

Matthias Miller  54:44
So one of the reasons I asked that question is because I think one of the biggest aha was for me, I mean, there's so much stuff I've had to sort through. Even now it's I'm doing doing you know, when it first started this latest thing engagement, I thought I was charging a lot of money. And then I'm realizing that I'm doing a whole lot for not as much money as I could be charging for it. But one of the big lessons for me, and this has been the power of leverage. And one of the reasons why you need to sort through on your end, where do you want to go with clutter hurts? You know, from a sake of from the standpoint of, well, I kind of have the same similar problem, because I'm kind of in this weird place where people ask me kind of what my vision is, and I have various ideas, but they all formulate around other people's visions, and some of that may be unhealthy. And some of it may just be kind of personality. And I find myself in this place where I'm working to build other people's visions and then working to negotiate agreements to protect upside as I help them build it out. But one of the biggest hurdles in that is that leverage is one of the, you know, keeping your eye open for leverage. One of the concerns I have, let's say, let's say we did a webinar, one of the concerns I have is if we do a webinar with PII, and you're not directly affiliated with them, how's How's Barbara gonna get her check?

Speaker 1  56:33
Well, I guess the question would be, I don't know why we need to do with PII. Why, why can't we just I build Barbara Hemphill as a brand? Yeah. So why don't we not put PII at this point? So just it's Barbara Hemphill who? Who may clutter. You know, in my if you Google clutters postpone decisions, that's my claim to fame. Yep. And so, PII doesn't have to be involved at all.

Matthias Miller  57:06
Yeah, I'm good. And then on the back end, if we did a webinar on the back end, you would sell phone calls to storage sheds, or we would come up with

Unknown Speaker  57:16
a here, hang on, I think I need to take this give me one sec. Take your time.

Matthias Miller  58:16
But there's other things that could be done, I get a drop off, we're gonna call it the top of the hour. And I know you needed to wrap up at the top of the hour as well. Glad to hear that. I'm going to be headed out of the office for about a week or so. I'm not completely sure what next steps should be. Why don't we

Speaker 1  58:36
think about it and see, I mean, it's I'm not going anywhere. So yeah.

Matthias Miller  58:40
Nor am I. Yeah, well, I think I think this is a very timely conversation. And I'm very interested in continuing the conversation. So let's do that. And circle back when some

Speaker 1  58:53
back. You've joined round table for sure. No, yeah.

Matthias Miller  58:58
I've signed on roundtable. Yep. So there's a long

Speaker 1  59:01
table. Right. So if I sign on, I'm not. There's two. I don't know, which I don't know.

Matthias Miller  59:06
Yeah, I don't know which one you'd be in. And I don't know which ones you know, they filled up. I don't know

Speaker 1  59:19
how that works either. So. All right. Well, thanks for the opportunity to talk about it. I hope you know, we can just plant some seeds. We can talk about it and let me know what else I might be able to do to facilitate it.

Matthias Miller  59:32
So. Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  59:34
Happy Thanksgiving. Okay. Yes, I'd like to thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai