Matthias Miller  03:15
Well, anything before we jump in

Speaker 1  03:24
just that drew is not going to be on at any hour. I don't know that Dwayne is either I didn't send you out to him but expect

Unknown Speaker  03:41
all right, no, nothing

Matthias Miller  03:51
sounds good

Matthias Miller  03:56
alright, so yes, just jumping in unless you get something else.

Speaker 1  04:03
No, no. Okay.

Matthias Miller  04:09
The payment types Yes, it has been completed and that is live

Speaker 1  04:19
I thought that had been I think I don't have a lot but I think two is probably where we've spent most of our time and inclination on financial.

Matthias Miller  04:30
So currently that's recognized

Unknown Speaker  04:37
Well, no, no, go ahead. I'm curious what your say you were ready to say I think currently that is recognized.

Matthias Miller  04:48
That was recognizing the write off on the write off date.

Speaker 1  04:54
Now, here's the conundrum that I'm trying to sow The expenses Okay, ideally they'd be seen but I'm most concerned with the Commission's because the Commission's are showing as a revenue. So I think the ideal would be having them show up at the time of invoicing. So you invoice for an RTO shed or a finance sale. By $1,000, in the balance shows up as a building sale, but then the 500 for the RTO commission should also show up at the same time, the problem is we don't know. Okay, on RTO current with only one RTO provider, we could have Josh to more automation on that invoice he already has, if it's an RTO vendor that does automatically switches from Bill to name at the time. I think we could do that. And that might be a wise thing to do not sure. But on financing with landmark we don't know until we get the money whether based on that customer's credit score, whether there's going to be a premium or not. And we don't know how to calculate that. I mean, we could dig it out maybe but I don't think it's so in that sense basically what I'm saying is if we try to record it at the invoice date, we'll be entering this and typically be entering this information at least an RTO

Unknown Speaker  06:35
up to a month after the invoice date then we'd be pushing that and action back at date on that income statement and the other the other side is we could just

Speaker 1  06:53
ordered whenever the right off happens and that that might just be that might be the right thing to do for right now and all of time but at least to start out so

Speaker 1  07:11
that way fences and charges would happen at the same time. Are you tracking with

Matthias Miller  07:26
Yeah, I mean, what happens when I mean Aren't you gonna want to close what happens if you get out January 1 And you have to wait until your RTO stuff comes in before you can close or what happens if you close before you get it all in?

Speaker 1  07:50
Well, that's why I'm thinking just go with the write off date is probably probably the right thing to do

Speaker 1  08:03
I think that's the right soak so currently as it says any write off whether positive or negative, any write off whether it's a premium or it's an expense that goes to some defined expense account happens the day that when Dwayne's office at write off

Matthias Miller  08:28
unless they specifically back to this

Speaker 1  08:33
Well, I think that you know, suaeda handle that now the other thing we discussed is like I mentioned on the financing sites, it's where it is, but but we don't it's there's it's so nuanced as to when we get a premium and when we don't that it's just we've been trying to figure it out. So we don't necessarily create an invoice for that. So it never that is never an AR It's just like oh, here's money that showed up. This is on a cell array good. And on the RTO premiums currently in Atlanta tracking that in a separate system outside of the city so they know what are also servicing the RTO contracts. So there are for Cricut valet so they they're tracking what those premiums should be now. We could RTO premiums we could several things. One is, like I mentioned we could say if it's an RTO vendor, we could have Josh build automation into that invoice that basically says well I'm an RTO invoice so I am going to get another five and for the premium But that in AR. I don't really like that just because I think it's seems like a lot of like, more complexity than it would help find it all of that. And then the other thing is, we could just say, well, in track elsewhere, we're just going to trust that system. And when the money shows up, then get that check for a month worth of premiums, break it down over this, wire that payment to all of the invoices that have already been closed out, and we just not sure, then it looks like an overpayment, we just select the correct write off and move on that way it ends up in the correct revenue account, and it is tied to the individual sales order. Alright. And I think that last, I think starting out, that's what we should do. Now. I'm curious if you have any thoughts on where we are not AR It's not the only people that really know about it are doing it and tracking it on their side, knowing what premiums need to paid. Get it we just apply it to the correct invoice is supplied as a write off, and?

Matthias Miller  11:43
Yeah, well, I mean, given the nature if you want a purely pragmatic answer, given the nature of the business relationship with them. I think it makes sense just to leave that in their in their court, for the time being, knowing that that's all managed correctly there.

Matthias Miller  12:22
I mean, for cash flow, I mean, if you're from a managerial standpoint, well, from an accuracy standpoint, yes, at some point, it might be nice to have that nailed down so that you know that that's a those are receivables. But in terms of from a management standpoint, it seems like that impact is going to be insignificant enough not to not to have a major impact on cash flow projections or balance sheet statements. And even if so, I think there's a few if you had to outline it, to put all my jumbled thoughts in order. As is today, for a process is we trust them anyway. And they're going to pay us. And as long as it's good enough to have those show up at the point of payment in the short term. That's the simplest example. Then it's a question beyond that point, which is more important. Is it more important to have? Well? Is it more important to have accountability to make sure that things don't fall through the cracks? And things actually get done right? Or is it more important to have these numbers in the books, if it's more important to have accountability? Well, you could just have somebody else doing also a pretty manual process, to say, make sure that have some kind of way to flag ones where there is no premium and we know that either we signed off on it or where we got the premium. If it's more important to if we're if we care less about accountability than we do having these numbers, show them when they need to on the balance sheet. Then we then we have to start getting into the process of can we replicate their process for determining who when and how that gets paid? And yeah, handled that appropriately.

Speaker 1  14:50
But it's the ladder that I'm that I would be most concerned about. For the reason that I would like to I think we might at some point is just to have accurate reporting because very insignificant but our AR technically would not buy under what we just proposed now what I'm thinking that we know that gets messy I was thinking that we could actually generate if we did development to reflect that on the invoice we could turn around and

Unknown Speaker  15:31
use that invoice go to cricket Valley like turn around to work that could actually be helpful for

Speaker 1  15:42
Grantland to invoice rent to own company. But then you have things that then you would have an invoice that has what the customer saw with an additional line item seeing RTO premium to whatever additional that would be and then it would get messy because you wouldn't really want a customer seeing

Speaker 1  16:13
it for now. Yeah. I think what we have currently is is I'd say let's stay the course Okay, one thing that that would be helpful I just like to look at this and then maybe file it for or squirreled away for future if we want to go back and look at this so that we know how it's being done is in see if we could take a look at several invoices and Mark sales to you have a way to route where we had a landmark sale were they short paid because they keeping back their fee we had a landmark sale where they paid the exact amount and also landmark where they paid a premium that we were using the right else correctly can we see are the right off transactions showing on your diagnostics your transaction diagnostics report

Matthias Miller  17:16
we could see this this should be but let me just run we just reporting the final sales order d payment

Speaker 1  17:32
right but only for ABC is the only

Matthias Miller  17:39
okay so let's start with landmark fee so let's do so the invoice date and Sid Okay. So most recent one would be n 2310438 And

Matthias Miller  18:07
this one has 14 144 66 landmark fee let me find its sales order ID order transactions

Matthias Miller  18:31
actually know how to find this some other way

Matthias Miller  18:45
nothing transaction cutting type will be still sales order right off

Matthias Miller  19:10
alright so your is what's the best way to we just print off all that great. This is

Matthias Miller  20:23
Okay so there's a landmark fees example

Unknown Speaker  20:31
and diagnostics report is showing the or the write off on a different date and

Matthias Miller  20:42
and this particular example it's still the same date as the sales order date but it would still

Unknown Speaker  21:01
one okay we we there's no need to look at one

Matthias Miller  21:22
there's no need to

Speaker 1  21:26
owe the debt let's take a look at several several situations I said let's look at a landmark where they paid the exact amount where they kept no fee and paid no premium but there's no sense in doing that because there would have been no write off on that.

Matthias Miller  21:42
Sure. Okay, so then let's do a landmark premium the latest one I don't know is it

Speaker 1  21:53
if you found one good if not I thought it might be easier to come at it from the chart of accounts or the general ledger side like we could look at which on the income statement for affordable look at our to

Matthias Miller  22:13
do have one here.

Unknown Speaker  23:05
Yeah this is perfect that

Speaker 1  23:13
yeah, of course I guess of course the sales are paid and the write off date would typically be the same but this would be an example where

Unknown Speaker  23:23
though the revenue in October and financing expense in November but I still think that that it's the right way to handle it

Matthias Miller  23:45
we've got a similar thing in the premium that's coming your way see here soon.

Speaker 1  24:47
You've never Why watch your eyes. Have you ever watched a ventriloquist or been entertained by ever

Matthias Miller  25:00
Never in person. I've watched a few few videos along the way. Watch

Speaker 1  25:04
Ryan Ryan and friends the Mennonite ventriloquist from Lancaster Pennsylvania

Matthias Miller  25:10
yeah I have a tiny time for two we're a little bits and pieces here and there okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:17
he was at our banquet Friday night so we had one before that or what I liked about him was it was more

Speaker 1  25:32
family friendly and I mean he had like he had a spiritual theme throughout I mean it was still how many but it wasn't the other guy you were not holding your breath well maybe a little bit just like is he going to go you know weren't sure you're going to have to color jokes? This guy was a Ryan was yeah, he was real good

Matthias Miller  26:07
doesn't he normally date Were you one of the folks he calls up front or did he do that?

Speaker 1  26:17
Yeah, he did. I had an easy part I was I just had to help get one of his mascots in a box so

Unknown Speaker  26:24
okay

Speaker 1  26:32
then yeah, afterwards, Jeffrey his little buddy threatened me that he knows where I live and he's going to come and get me add emphasis he he turned out as yours but yeah that's great. He had three of the guys up last for the thing and so had a very high pitched voice that sounded like a girl and the other one at a D bass voice and then last one like a cat

Speaker 1  27:17
Okay, so I'm okay this is perfect. Yeah, this this example is perfect. So

Unknown Speaker  27:29
answering premium

Speaker 1  27:36
so on 919 We already knew what the premium was that 3685 was shown long before it was in well history and then well, I think given everything we have going on right now I think this is what bothers me right now and my might be long term because

Speaker 1  28:08
for invoicing we always say when did the sale occur well yeah, this is good I mean unless you have something else to add I would say this is real good. This is a squirrel away and we'll or we might fall it's twofold one it documents what we're doing now and go back to this if we want to need to try and

Speaker 1  28:50
I say unless you have anything to add let's move on to the next parts of the agenda

Matthias Miller  28:57
Nope, I don't think it's good

Speaker 1  29:04
be three you've seen before don't know where that is going but we can just cover that Wednesday when Drew's here

Speaker 1  29:19
or I don't know have you seen this I think for something new

Unknown Speaker  29:26
Yes, it is.

Matthias Miller  29:34
Okay, so I can go through

Unknown Speaker  29:35
this there might be other things as well but you can obviously you have to add the company name the accounting company name.

Speaker 1  29:46
You have to add if you select payment method of check, okay, I think this was from Drew if you select payment method of banks and you have to obviously need a mailing address if you select ACH then you need those for order to actually do the I'm just wondering why this is on your list? And or should it? Should this be something on Josh's list? As it is?

Matthias Miller  30:12
I would think it would make sense to push it over to Josh.

Speaker 1  30:18
Okay, he's doing a bunch of work right now on the synchronization, which between vendors and so what are on Josh's list? And then five, we looked at six, seven. So I really have got that that's all I had, unless you have something you want it to?

Matthias Miller  30:39
No, I don't have well, yeah, the only the only thing that I have is I've been working on a report that shows a variety of discrepancies that keep records from getting pushed into accounting for accounting impact. And looking for any to simplify the report a little bit and speed it up perhaps a little bit. But I would like to get that over to you guys. So that far enough along that you guys can start taking a look at it, there were some issues I was running into, but basically steal some vendor invoices, that got tied out to a parent account, and other miscellaneous, this and that types of issues that are keeping things from from moving across correctly. So if I can get that report set up and drew we can start chasing those down and find out fixing some of the the root issues so I don't think it's there's nothing nothing to do yet. But that's one of the things we haven't been talking about that's on my priority list.

Speaker 1  32:03
Good. Well, then if there's nothing else then we will plan to regroup. Get did we I know Drew was working with order to set up a time Wednesday because there were some good afternoon and

Matthias Miller  32:25
I know she was back and forth. Not seeing the Yes Here it is. 1045. Eastern to 12. Eastern on Wednesday

Speaker 1  32:40
that what we have 1040 Oh yeah, I think I do remember another

Unknown Speaker  32:57
good, well, then we will plan to talk then.

Matthias Miller  33:01
Okay, sounds good. Yeah, thanks. Thank you. You're welcome.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai