Unknown Speaker  00:33
Hey Matthias how's it going Oh

Unknown Speaker  00:50
all right welding shop are we talking about

Speaker 1  01:01
Hey Hey how's it going pad you yeah pretty good

Matthias Miller  01:49
awesome Josh suggest joining us tonight

Unknown Speaker  01:54
okay you want me to share my screen?

Unknown Speaker  01:56
Yeah go ahead okay

Unknown Speaker  02:11
okay

Matthias Miller  02:18
there we go Hey Josh Hey folks. Oh hey

Speaker 2  02:28
ping Ellis I can I can send him more insulting messages we should probably start without him though. Yeah, keep rolling

Matthias Miller  02:48
all right reconciliation by statement we have an emergency fix done which means that this I think becomes I forget where we said it was but as soon as possible but whenever we get to it

Speaker 3  03:08
okay so do I want to move the I guess we're basically prioritizing by due dates now. I want to move that down a bit so that my that Yeah, I think

Matthias Miller  03:23
I think that's right, I should probably do we should probably confirm with them that that's how it is but I think I think for all practical purposes, given the scope of doing it right, we should get the balance sheet and income statement cleaned up first. Okay.

Matthias Miller  03:57
juillet did on this one.

Speaker 1  04:01
Nothing so far, but I'm hoping to to be able to dig in substantially after Tuesday after cut.

Matthias Miller  04:18
So do we think that's going to be coded? Do we have a projected delivery date for that? So

Unknown Speaker  04:27
what does it need to be? From yourself?

Matthias Miller  04:33
I'm out of the office starting next Tuesday. I mean, next Tuesday is my last day in the office. Friday is my last day in the office.

Unknown Speaker  04:43
So oh until the end of the year. Yeah. And test antastic. So throughout the last two weeks, okay. That's a

Matthias Miller  05:00
Hang on. No, no, no. I'm lying. I'm not starting next Wednesday. Mark is out through next Friday. I mean, Mark is in through next Friday. He's out the very last week. Okay,

Speaker 2  05:09
okay. Okay. Yeah, that's right. They usually are. I think the basically across our companies, they're closed last week of the year. Yeah.

Speaker 1  05:19
Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. But you are out Matthias from awake in a couple of days.

Unknown Speaker  05:31
Yeah. Gotcha.

Unknown Speaker  05:35
Okay, um

Speaker 1  05:51
think we can try to have that for you. Bye. Bye the start of next week. If that. Is that work?

Matthias Miller  06:00
Yeah, I think it's fine. I don't know that. It's a terrible. I mean, I think Drew's gonna be probably working through. I don't know for sure what his schedule is like. I don't I don't personally have a problem. If it goes beyond that. I just won't be around to coordinate anything. Yeah. So

Matthias Miller  06:24
you can see me for level one shows repeating lines is waiting on John Allen, which I think we could use going to have it done. Pretty soon. I think we can put that out for end of I think that could probably actually be in end of this week. Okay. He's gonna have it been Wednesday, unless we're, I don't know what it should be.

Speaker 1  06:54
Now, okay, the repeating lines, are you sort of bundling in the Cell Border drawing and whatever algorithmic thing it is? To get results, actually repeating lines?

Matthias Miller  07:09
Yeah, I shouldn't be sitting here. Gentleman thinks he'll be done around middle of this week with whatever things you need. So whatever time you need after that, plus after the balance, see?

Speaker 1  07:23
Okay, stuff. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  07:37
Count names wrapping in PDF.

Matthias Miller  07:42
Let's see same as level one, she was repeating lines, basically, or that one can be Friday. Okay, if CCI can't get to it, to be able to get to Thursday? Sure.

Speaker 1  07:57
And do we? Do we want to go with that step down approach that you had trialed Matthias or with something else? No,

Matthias Miller  08:08
Janelle is going to add support for the borders. we're assigning custom border styles and reports font format.

Speaker 1  08:21
Okay, but that doesn't really address account names. Wrapping doesn't,

Matthias Miller  08:29
then we'll just resize columns, I think. Okay, and just let it scale. I mean

Speaker 3  08:48
is the cash flow statement still on Friday? We'll do on Friday.

Speaker 1  08:54
That's after the other two, correct.

Matthias Miller  09:00
That doesn't need to be done until January sometime. I forget where they had put it. With the reconciliation statement. I think they actually we can clarify that with them. But okay. Might be after I'm not sure. But that way doesn't really matter that much.

Speaker 3  09:17
Okay. And then the voided transactions included in search amounts still doesn't really have a full date. That's the bottom of the heap here. Yes. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  09:35
Okay, does that basically look right

Unknown Speaker  09:43
here okay. So we'll focus on balance sheets for next week and then try to go This last touches on the income statement as soon as we have support for it. Cool. Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  10:07
Sounds good.

Speaker 1  10:08
Is there a benefit in my staying on? Or so? Okay. Thanks, Joe. Have a terrific afternoon.

Matthias Miller  10:18
Extra, all right. All right, Josh, one thing we have for you is the deposit attachments.

Speaker 2  10:33
Yes, I basically I think I'm gonna have nothing but apologies for the next week or two, I will say the the per company

Unknown Speaker  10:43
vendors has turned into a tar pit. I don't know if how much they've been talking with you about it. But

Speaker 2  10:55
what, it's everything, it's kind of that but then there is a need to clean up their vendors if they're actually gonna start paying out of there. So I'm doing a whole bunch of work to let them edit vendors via the Libre Office thing with collision checking and stuff. So which is turning into a whole? I mean, it's a very big project. So if I mean, if you tell me this is critical, I will do it. What I would suggest that you do for now is to use a desktop archive. And I have function, I have code that because every other level, we started doing it that way, and then it got too much. And so we migrated. So I've got code to migrate stuff. So my suggestion would be use that Doc archive, and just leave it until we start feeling pain from there's like there's there's nothing inherently wrong. It's just like when they attach 1000s or 10s of 1000s of files, that it starts uploading backups and stuff, and then we just push to s3. So I'm totally fine with you doing that. I mean, if that sounds good to you. That's what I suggest.

Matthias Miller  12:00
Okay. So this needs to audit this needs to come back. Or something needs to come back in my court to add an attachment support for the short term.

Unknown Speaker  12:19
Okay. When do you need to have that done by?

Matthias Miller  12:27
I mean, let's work. Let's get it done by Friday. So

Unknown Speaker  12:33
how is your stuff feeling with us?

Matthias Miller  12:35
Um, overall, pretty well, besides the fact they feel like I've gotten zero progress in the last week or two. And I'm not completely sure why probably mostly because I've been doing support, relatively relaxed, I don't think there's much that I've got absolute gun to the head on. Except, well, except, and then I started. So I refactored a bunch of the accounting impact stuff, so that we all use the same repeating list format, so that we can have accounting impact, validation checks.

Speaker 2  13:10
Got it, like changing the way I do stuff, or change the way you stuff or both or

Matthias Miller  13:14
your stuff. I had already created all these macros and stuff. So I changed your stuff to use my Excel macros. And then I changed my stuff to push my stuff from our 20s into catalog macros. So that me, I can write a report that then shows everything that is going sideways everywhere in the system, which is atrociously slow, but it's going to serve as a whole host of problems Andrew needs to chase in the next few weeks and find out whether he cares about them or not.

Speaker 2  13:48
I think yep, that's good. So good. Well, I feel super, super super hammered with this stuff, but that it will battle how much we talked about this. So what this is doing is letting so they already have a Raspberry Pi there, they already use it for various things. So it's letting the SKU sheet talk to that and talk to invest via that. So the part the next thing I want to the next significant feature already that have not yet done is basically give them a menu where they can say run this report, and it runs the report into Excel format and then opens in a new sheet there. So I think that will revolutionize what they do. If they can just start asking for things. Just get it right. Right now. Yeah, they can get it on paper. But it's not like having an Excel where you just go put all this stuff is it's kind of a big deal. I think we could actually start having them run imports directly out of the thing if we'd want to any anyway, so we could we can talk more what it looks like but

Matthias Miller  14:56
surprisingly and just modify the menu to add to support for it. Building Records

Speaker 2  15:05
If you have you been there, they are scary good at using that phone menu. Like they, they had this desk phone sitting there and they punch the hole, but the handset Off they go punch, punch, punch, punch, punch, punch, punch, punch, punch, punch, hang up. And like, you know, 10 seconds later there comes a report that are really good at it.

Matthias Miller  15:21
It's hilarious.

Speaker 2  15:24
So, anyway, yeah, I will, what I would say is let me know if there's anything that is barn burning, I will turn out to be the showstopper holding stuff up for the next couple of weeks. But otherwise, I'm gonna go into a hole as much as I can try to come out with the brotha stuff when we're done. Do

Matthias Miller  15:40
you have a proposal for how to deal with the printing confirmed yard tallies that you coded?

Speaker 2  15:53
single message is missing. Let me see. You said not getting sent for confirmed as because they are not editable? Can you allow this an email? Or

Matthias Miller  16:10
can I bump this over shape? I'm going over to Ellison having fixed ad limited Edit Mode editing for the for that? They can

Speaker 2  16:26
I mean, typically, that's what I would isn't the right thing to do. If the alternative would be to create a new send email record and rework the whole thing. This seems like a little bit late to be changing the design and stuff. But I mean, we can't if we need to. I, where does this go? This is tricky. I mean, I don't mind doing it. I don't really feel like I own the design on it.

Matthias Miller  16:50
Well, I'm up to my eyeballs in technical debt on this already. And I'm not going to work on it more this. Has it got

Speaker 2  16:58
me to work on it with us. I mean, yeah, I guess what I'm saying is, what if you would send him an email and say if he doesn't like it, he should talk to me. thought he could pull me in if he needs it. Okay. I think the limited editing mode is a reasonable solution. But, but if he doesn't like it, I'm happy. I'm happy to dialogue but I think you're right. I would rather have you working on zfp than that Italia right now. So this is entirely self interest or lacking in self interested.

Matthias Miller  17:41
Good. I think that covers it then anything else? After here?

Unknown Speaker  17:46
Awesome. Thanks. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai