Matthias Miller  00:18
I guess one of the questions, I guess what there's there can be easily be a lot of pressure to figure out. What does this look like? How do we? How do we formulate this thing? And I guess it's huge just to recognize that the pressure is off on that. Like, I don't have to figure that out. Like, that's just not something that I have to figure out. Or there's no pressure in figuring that out. One of the things also clear is that with this whole thing, that I don't have to have a full picture of everything in the process, all I need to know is that I am on the right path. And I need to take the next steps. I think that's one of the huge things with that. It's because of these people and their giftings that I have been trained not to take next steps. Because they don't see the finish puts you into places because the plan doesn't exist yet. So you have to step into the place, and you have to start it in order to create the platform that the finishers can do. And I think one of the things that is interesting about some of these things, is that there's an element of being giftings is not just about tension, it's also about sequencing. And I think that's a huge thing that Andy got wrong is that if you're not careful

Matthias Miller  05:00
You will have people who will put tension between them each other so strongly that they'll fall out and never go anywhere.

Matthias Miller  05:20
But if you have sequencing, then you have the opportunity to actually have the opportunity to actually have somebody who initiate and somebody to finish

Speaker 1  07:04
Part of the issue with finding your field of favor is not just finding. It's finding where in the sequence do you belong and if you don't understand In the sequence you belong, you will always be frustrated and you will always fail. There Are people who are supposed to be at the beginning, there are people who are supposed to be in the middle and there are people who are supposed to be at the end. And if you don't get that, and you understand that you will always be frustrated.

Unknown Speaker  07:33
You will always Always, always be frustrated.

Unknown Speaker  07:47
And you will always fail.

Speaker 1  07:58
It allows you to be free from, from judgment. And it allows you to step into, into love. And as you step into love, you'll start giving yourself grace, for being yourself. And along with that, as you give yourself grace for being yourself, you start giving yourself permission to be around other people who need you. And as you give yourself permission to be around them, and they'll be non them. And as you start to lean on them for the pieces that you don't naturally do, that's when you start experiencing momentum. And that's when you start experiencing success. Part of the issue is that people have never been in an environment where they have had had others who have their back, who will set the vision or carry the vision or finish the vision. They've never been in that type of a role and they were they've never allowed it, where they've been buried under so many layers of what's been going on to truly understand what's their place. So they end up with this again, it's orphan mentality. They they end up with this mentality of I need to do it all myself.

Unknown Speaker  09:17
It is devastating. It is


Transcribed by https://otter.ai