Unknown Speaker  00:05
Hi, there.

Matthias Miller  00:07
Hello. I'm gonna be on the road, and I know what sounds like you're on the road to what you're up to, if you wanted to chat or not.

Speaker 1  00:15
Yeah, sure, yes, I am on the road, headed home from another yard tree job.

Matthias Miller  00:22
All right, nice.

Matthias Miller  00:29
So here's where I'm at. My October roundtable assignment was de risk, which I think is still 100% true, and I am very comfortable, or pretty comfortable, with allowing margin for, for, sorry, I'm getting a ton of really distracting background noise

Speaker 1  01:12
on my end. Let me just mute and I'll listen to me. I'll be on mute.

Matthias Miller  01:17
Okay, yeah, that's better yes, on your end. So I am interested in, well, I'm needing to shoot fish in a barrel, and the fastest way to do that. So trying to fill in with context, Perry talked about the impact of 9010 which means that the people who do have money have more of it, and the people who don't have less, which is another nail In the caution is the dealer side.

Matthias Miller  02:01
And so with that, there's also been this growing awakening in the last well, I don't know, I guess there's that. And so the his encouragement, Audra and I talked at kind of our quarterly planning, like, here's where we're at. The fundamental thing at this point is that consulting really is where it's at for me, in the moment, in the short term, and that's what I need to have to pay the bills. And so I don't know how to balance well, and I've got a handful of deadlines looming, including tax deadlines, needing to sell some VIP days and some different things like that. I drafted an offer for VIP days that I'm planning to put out to my Warden network, and planning to come up with a list of about 200 people I can mail and and what, and so I guess all that to say is I need a

Matthias Miller  03:24
it. I really, really need to focus on this VIP day stuff and use it to get cash in the bank. And I am, I think I would be okay with coming up with a way to well, already have transcriptions of all conversations, and probably writing a way to combine them all into a single document would be doable. And running AI off of that, having them grouped by contact name or something, or at least contact ID, where you can look up the contact name. But I don't know, I am very uncertain about we're actually maybe pretty certain about not spending too much time in the next two weeks trying to move the needle forward on that. And I view shed Titans as it stands now as a longer term play, and I know that probably leaves you in the lurch, but if there's,

Matthias Miller  04:58
I don't know i. Um, but if that's, I guess that's where that's at on my end, and if I can land, I mean, even just landing a couple of these a month will really ease the burden. But landing, landing four or five, I can, I could replace my revenue with substantially fewer hours, and then it's buying time for what's the long term play. And I'm still very interested in open to shit titans in all that it entails. And I'm also open to you working with Audra on it, assuming that she's got capacity, and I think she should. And maybe the risk of talking myself back into something I'm trying to talk myself back out of, maybe the AI thing is the thing that allows myself to completely extract myself and just go make money on it. Work with Audra, and Audra will help you out, and it can just grow. But also taking the same advice over to you, dealers are not where the real money is in the industry, and I also don't want you killing yourself and and running your fingers thin on trying to make money off what I believe to be the bottom end of the market. So there's my rant. What are your thoughts? Or rant and update or I don't know what

Speaker 1  06:43
sounds often, so the consulting you're doing that's like, back to software. That's the short version of that.

Matthias Miller  06:50
It's, it's a, it's a, pay me $4,500 and it finds you nine grand in the first well, it's a, we're gonna start at eight o'clock, and I'm not gonna run and I'll run your card at 11 o'clock only if I've recovered nine grand. And so it's business consulting. Results Based Business Consulting

Speaker 1  07:15
that's super cool, by the way, but like for what kind of businesses, in other words,

Matthias Miller  07:19
blue collar types of businesses, and I would be open to doing it for shed shed businesses. But at this point, fastest path seems to me to there's enough similarity and across enough industries, and it seems to me like it's worth I

Matthias Miller  07:48
Yeah, it's worth just working my warm network.

Speaker 1  07:56
I agree. Hold on. You should cut off. Yeah, I totally agree, yes. And I think you should do that a couple quick thoughts. And I hear you real, real good about trying to get rid of risk distractions and all the other as well. Regarding the idea of the I'm not sure what you're calling it, but the script going through the contacts and the contact history, if you put your 8020 hat on, or even your extreme 99 one hat on, what would it hurt to completely ignore analysis? Now, now, now I am talking about just the contact and GHL that we cold messaged out of the blue over the last few months. I think how we got into this conversation is I suggested something like, why don't we go back around and basically say, Hey, can you use more leads? Because we've got a really good lead system, dear. And so like, why not? Why not save everybody the work, the headache, the time, the hassle? Oh, I'm sure that by doing this, we're lacking perfection, but speed over perfection might be the key. Why not just give the short text message to every one of them saying pretty much what I just said you want leads, yes or no, we got a really good system, and just see what happens. Like, without spending any time with you, building a script or auditor, doing analysis or whatever, not really like we're gonna burn any bridges, right? Because you didn't really get any takers on anything yet.

Matthias Miller  09:39
No. I mean, it's kind of obnoxious for there are some folks that it's kind of obnoxious to send it back out to.

Speaker 1  09:48
We, if there's a few you don't want to touch, we could tag them like, you know, don't mess with these guys because they were looking promising, or because they're as mad as a hornet or whatever, and we'll just not do them. I.

Matthias Miller  10:02
Yeah, or if there's a way to, I wonder if there's a way to narrow the scope and look through certain opportunity stages. I don't know it, just maybe I'm overthinking it. I feel like we're playing with fire a little bit because, because some of them have specifically said, I'm not the person to talk to. You need to go talk to corporate or somebody else over there. Well, it seems very disingenuous just to go blast like, what kind of marketing company do you want to hire who doesn't tag based on where they're at that

Speaker 1  10:33
and my little in my little left brain world, that is nothing more than a very slight variation of exactly what I just said. First, we'll just go tag people that we don't want to bug.

Matthias Miller  10:46
Okay. Well, I mean, if you work with Audrey, just scroll through conversations. And I'm going to guess and, or, you know, opportunities. Or maybe it's 15 minutes of me going over opportunities with her and saying, Okay, let's not message that person, that person, that person, that person, and that person. And then please read through messages, and it's going to be several 100 messages threads, and tag anybody that where they redirected us elsewhere, or something along those lines. I mean, what if I

Speaker 1  11:20
like I like that? What if we save you even more time by first let's have Audra do it on her own. And if there's some where she really can't decide, she can tag them with like Matthias. Review these, and that will greatly reduce the amount that you need to even put your eyeballs on.

Matthias Miller  11:39
That's fair.

Speaker 1  11:42
I'm thinking like, she can, I, you know, it's probably an hour or two where the work for her, but then it should cut your workload down to almost nothing, and you can look at some really specific ones without because I'm gonna guess, then the back of your mind, you're probably thinking, you don't want to look at 600 conversation, but not just because of the time, but because of the you know, it's going to be a mental distraction to behold and observe all that talk and so like so let's skip all the talk and kind of protect you from the talk. That sounds good. I like, do you like any of that or

Matthias Miller  12:28
demand it? Sorry, what?

Speaker 1  12:32
I couldn't hear you for about 20 seconds there. Okay, I

Matthias Miller  12:36
think the only other question is, then, what's the proper cadence to make sure that I have enough information about the project, but not so much if I want to get my hands dirty. And also, for example, in two weeks, I have a webinar in Perry with Perry, and I'm planning to have a little micro book published by then, which is on paper on audra's place and and make sure that we appropriately fixed priorities. Officer probably knows what questions to ask or how to explore that, but that is something that needs to be

Speaker 1  13:14
that flow needs to be established somehow. Okay, so is the wind. Okay? I'm sorry I'm outside. We're having 35 hours here. So at a previous conversation, we talked about Audra acting as an appointment setter, kind of the stick, and talking at first maybe they're really interested, basically the qualification routine, and if they like, are saying they want leads, and they don't sound like a barrel of trouble, she can set an appointment with you. Now. That might be a lot of friction, by the way, but it almost sounds like friction before you is what we want right now. So let's just we get that far. I think the chances of you waking up one morning with 30 calls on your schedule is zero

Matthias Miller  14:02
manage that. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  14:05
so I would

Matthias Miller  14:10
my point is that, I suppose, just sorry. I mean straight up interrupting you and cut. The point is, I think we need to block out an hour call sometime where she you and I get on a call and we do an official handoff call, and probably I broached the subject to her too, what, what kind of protocol and boundaries need to be in place for her working with you on The Shed Titans project, in terms of her priorities, updating me, whatever like, all that stuff, plus plus a more official handoff call so that she gets everything that she needs to be successful.

Speaker 1  14:48
Okay, and sounds good to me. When do you want to actually let her decide to do that? Right?

Matthias Miller  14:55
I think that's right. I think that's right. I.

Speaker 1  15:00
Okay, and just a little bit when I'm off the phone with you, I'll tag her on a very tiny version of this and explain that. So

Matthias Miller  15:07
I meant to tell you, Shanti does not do well tagging her. And so if you could send her an email, her or me an email, with just this, it would be far better.

Speaker 1  15:25
Sounds good to me. And then I mean, we can easily put two limits on it. One is, like Audra, do not spend more than two or three hours on this per week, or, like, literally, whatever you want. And also, if X, Y or Z occurs even inside those two hours, and that's from a size, and that's priority over this, right?

Matthias Miller  15:51
I think that's fair.

Unknown Speaker  15:53
Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:55
exactly.

Speaker 1  16:01
All right, hmm. It sounds good to me. I see you hilarious.

Matthias Miller  16:11
I think this is once again, she and I had a great conversation. It's hard to believe that it was only in beginning of October or November that I really said finally conceded, and said, Fine, like, do my email however you want it. It's worked shockingly well, because I just have this habitual. I mean, I think it's just habitual, probably, but saying of having my fingers and everything and coming up with, I don't know my way to do it, and it's a matter of Breaking the Habit. So I appreciate,

Speaker 1  16:44
Oh, I hear you real good, because I'm pretty much the exact same way

Matthias Miller  16:52
good. So if, yeah, I'm comfortable, I'm comfortable with that. And if you want to, if you want to send an email, so you can see and I can talk on our morning call some time about how to structure and prioritize. What he said, I don't know how to get her up to speed. Yeah,

Speaker 1  17:10
yes, they will, yeah, let's, let's just do that. And you know, there is no hard obligation here. If you change your mind in a day or a week, or got a positive or what, that's fine. That's not awesome, but it's fine.

Matthias Miller  17:24
Well, the other thing I would like to consider, and I don't know what the appropriate blend is, is I, I am in a position right now where I would like to move, just because of cash position, I would really like to move discovery engagement back into just separate consulting work, not shed things proper. And if, if revenue share needs to be adjusted, we can take a look at that. But if, I mean, but I don't know how to, I don't know how to measure and gage all this stuff. Like it's, yeah, anyway,

Speaker 1  18:12
yeah, that's fine. Seriously, that's fine. Like, just when, when, when you get that far, when it crosses your mind, let's deal with it. Then, yeah. And, you know, I'm perfect. I do not quite recall exactly how we got the current arrangement. I do remember that there was a brief moment of time where you said, oh, all these guys are actually wanting lead gen. And it sounded kind of like, I don't remember most of the details, but it sounded like that was not what you expected. And you were thinking you would sell a whole lot more the other and then the whole reason we wound up with the current arrangement is I wanted you to feel you could sell leads in without reservation, because you were going to make and like, if that somehow just all fell apart, we can go back to just paying me for only the the, you know, cases where I'm setting up Facebook ads or whatever, that's fine either way, whatever needs to

Matthias Miller  19:06
happen. And again, I'm negotiating against myself. But if we were to do that, I feel like I still have a lot of overhead in the process. And if, if Audra is actively, if I'm involved in even some level of oversold and if she's involved in a point setting like and I don't know what an appropriate split is, I think, I think even bumping it up to 40% is a part of the reason we drop it down to 30% was we were looking at, well, it's were looking at, well, let's, let's sell all this other is there all this other stuff we can sell that? Yeah, even, even bumping up support at a minimum, bumping up to 40% is fair. I don't know how I feel about 50% and I don't know I should feel about 3% but I think at a minimum, we should do 40% i.

Unknown Speaker  20:00
Okay, all right,

Matthias Miller  20:02
unless you have something else you you think is, and I feel like I am torn between two camps, because I want you to do well, and it's also a new venture, and it's a long game, and there's potential upside, and I'm putting time and money and effort into it as well, and I don't, I just I don't know. So there you go.

Speaker 1  20:23
That's fine. Well, so nothing is guaranteed at this point. Everything is a big test, at least, that's the way I look at it. And all I'm really trying to do is to get enough things in place in the short run that I can survive long enough to play the long game. Long long game, may or may not be with you or with whatever I have. Only God knows. But yeah, if it is possible, just to clarify that a little bit, I would love to work with you in the long run. So don't get me wrong on that, yeah, but you know, it's a little hard to even make smart decisions about the long run on the short run. So bumpy right now? One bumpy ride. Yep. So all right. Well, sounds good. Let's take another couple steps forward here, and we can keep reevaluating.

Matthias Miller  21:15
Another thing to throw out there. I have for years, been trying to find a way to marry my expertise with hard working people who want to get stuff done and and I had a nephew who walked off with the business really did not push it as hard as he should have. I had other types of engagements that I tried to have work came up in our call this this morning with Audra that perhaps this is actually a model that I should pursue more aggressively and more proactively, because I have a bajillion ideas on how to make money and and I just suck at executing them, Like the conversation with Jeremy Martin, we talked about, Do I go through a shed company? Logically, financially, the answer should be yes, but I'm also not. Am I good at hiring? No. Am I good at managing? No. Do I want to work 12 hour days? No. Do I want to be do I want to run a shed lot like a sales deal, a car dealership? No. And so there's all these no's, but it would be the perfect for the right kind of person. It would be perfect to say, look, I will give you the know how you pay me my fee, or I have a it's a sufficiently narrow margin of what I'm doing in business and that it actually works. My point being that similarly, obviously, we're not looking to force something to happen that doesn't want to happen, and who knows how this will all pan out, but I do think ultimately, I guess all I'm trying to say is, if this thing works out with you in some way, I am also looking to prove the model of this type of me being involved in business, and you're the person who, I mean, we've had lots of bumps along the way, but I would say that you've made it further down that path than anyone I worked with Previously. Yay.

Unknown Speaker  23:16
I'm a winner. I'm so happy.

Matthias Miller  23:21
Yep. So

Speaker 1  23:30
super here's a here's a random one. And if there's anything you wish I was doing or tackling or taking care of or hurrying up about that, I'm not feel free to say something, because it may be that it just gave my attention that it was important to you or something, all right,

Matthias Miller  23:44
yeah, that's that's fine this point, it is. But we'll be in touch with you about the things from my end, that are on your plate are, are Randy's lead gen, Jason's lead gen, I mean, and, and appointment setting, probably starting next week from for a few evenings a week from Micah,

Speaker 1  24:11
oh, we're still gonna do that. Okay, great, yes, I'm up for that. And and

Matthias Miller  24:17
again, I'm not sure what the economics are on that. It's I was planning on 30% I think that's the goal, but we might need to, I don't know. I'd be more comfortable starting at that and seeing what it's like on both ends and or seeing if we can quickly. You know, I don't know what like. I don't know we're in the data gathering stage,

Unknown Speaker  24:35
so, Yep,

Matthias Miller  24:38
yeah, and I thought I had. Yeah. Unrelated note, how is the lawn care thing coming along for landscaping and

Speaker 1  24:57
yeah, so the. Very erratic, and enough to squeeze a little money out of but not enough to like say, well, wow, this is great. Never mind marketing. So I am greatly bothered by the fact so I'm loving the fact that we're making some traction, money coming in the door, some good things have happened, but I have not yet. This is a sick joke from the universe on. The guy figure out how to get customers, and I can't figure out how to get customers. Really good things, including some excellent jobs, but, like, it's all non repeatable, so I'll give you a few random examples. I talked to some guys who do marketing for similar companies, and they're like, no problem, Facebook ads and yard signs, and you know in your soul, well, I went ahead and took some of the first money we ever got. Got 30 yard signs printed, and haven't had a single call. I think I got some website visits from it, but not a single call. Text for form fill. We started a so I've actually got one company with two brands. One is the yard care. The other is welding, assisting gate work, which is actually better paying than what my boys would rather do anyway. And so we barely started an organic Facebook page for that. And out of the blue, we had only had like one logo and one post that hardly said anything. And somebody went searching on Facebook. Like, instead of searching on Google, they went and searched on Facebook for, I don't know what gate installer near me, or something or other. They found us, they contacted us, they bought like, it was awesome, but chances of that specifically are zero, and it hasn't repeated itself yet. So it's not like that's a recipe for success or something. You know what? I mean? Yeah. So that's kind of how the story goes right now. What did the random stuff? Are

Matthias Miller  27:09
there welders and other welders in the area?

Speaker 1  27:13
Yeah, I'm sure there's, there's plenty of them that you search on Google.

Matthias Miller  27:21
Can you hear me? Yep, I can hear you. Can you hear me?

Unknown Speaker  27:26
Yes, I can again. Now it's got that every once in a

Matthias Miller  27:28
while, yeah, I go into the mountain. So it might be so I don't know

Speaker 1  27:31
if I said yes, yeah, if you search on Google, yes, there are others in the area.

Speaker 1  27:42
Do? Try again, testing one. Yeah, now, now, about now, yeah, I can hear you. I can hear you. Yes, I can All

Matthias Miller  27:52
right, so I mean, like to me the welding thing, and I don't know why, I don't really have a specific reasons for it, but the welding thing is really interesting because that's the kind of thing

Speaker 1  28:05
I lost. Yep, I lost you again. Okay, I'm sorry. I was down to one bar signal, and now I got free try again.

Matthias Miller  28:12
All right, the welding thing, I don't have an explanation why, but the welding thing between the two seems really interesting, mostly because it is more of a thrill, a skilled trade than landscaping, but maybe, but I don't you know, but I don't know what it would take to like, what does it? What does it? How do you is there any like, Okay, let me just as an example. What if you would take the picture, pictures of the project that you did, and just put, put like three different listings on Facebook, marketplace for data

Unknown Speaker  28:57
or

Matthias Miller  28:59
and are there any other welding, like fabric use pictures you can do that you can put on Facebook marketplace and other projects that you'd be interested in taking on and post them there. And same is, I also think, potentially, exactly right. Eventually there's all of the local like chamber BNI, and I don't know how so 90s, but anyway, I don't know if there's any anything in those she has.

Speaker 1  29:35
I got last I got lost on the last one you were saying, look like

Matthias Miller  29:41
the 90s. Very. 90s, but I do wonder if shaber and BNI would be like every community has some weird super connector or pocket that everybody goes through to find out who to work, who to hire. So. You, and I don't know who it is in your area, but I wonder if there's some core network that would help you. I know that's not really maybe, maybe there's somebody close to you, or close to the business or something that for whom it could be

Speaker 1  30:22
a thing, that's an interesting idea. Yeah, so funny. I almost last time that I wonder if your cell, freer, marketplace, accelerator stuff would work for this kind of business. I think I started to type it and I canceled it because it occurred to me I was gonna have to pay Facebook for the posting, which is probably not that bad, but,

Matthias Miller  30:51
you know? I mean, if you do it on your personal page, and even if you set up a, I mean, this is what everybody else does. Is Jonathan welder or the whatever it is. But if you do it under your personal page, and again, like it says, You don't need nearly this much traction. But I'll put in lawn care if you would, if you could come up with with 10 different services and and have 10 different listings. I mean, it's all about, I mean, you have the whole process how to do it, I don't know. Like, it's, it's, it's worth it. If you got sweat to put in, you're not, you don't have to spend the time to do

Speaker 1  31:38
it. Okay, I'm gonna try. And actually, I don't know what I was thinking, that cost five bucks and 10 bucks not any worse than paying for ads anyway, so as well.

Matthias Miller  31:49
No, it's not. And on those the most counterintuitive thing, but what I've heard from Micah is that with marketplace posts, if you're going to put money behind it, you run it hard for a week, or, you know, a few days to a week, and I don't know exactly what it is, and then you turn it off, and then you do it again in a week or two, and then turn it off. So it's not how you normally run ads, but from my understanding, that's that's one of the best ways to put paid money behind

Speaker 1  32:18
listing. I'm curious. I hope we get to learn more from him as we go on. My guess is that that is some sort of frequency control, like if you have a good ad, but you can't just furnish them all the time.

Matthias Miller  32:34
Yeah, probably wouldn't be surprised.

Speaker 1  32:40
Okay. Well, yeah, I was about to set up an ad account for these two businesses anyway, and see if I can get any resources done or something. So we'll see. So there's

Matthias Miller  32:49
also a guy, and I don't know if you can get him to talk to you. He's an amn now, but Anthony Hill Hilton, okay, who's the planet Perry guy, and he is your polar opposite. He's he himself has confessed that he's so extroverted that it helps, that it hurts. And so maybe there's not really anything to be learned, but I'm sure if you could tolerate having your ears talked off, if you get a, get them on the phone, and B, you can, you can turn on a recording and tolerate having your ears talked off, or however long it's going to take. He would. There's a wealth of information you could get. I know they've been doing print newsletters. I know you're probably not at the point of doing that. I do know. I'm pretty sure he had some trouble finding a good Google guy, and I think they're doing Google, I'm not sure about Facebook. You probably look up his name in the forum and look up his company and check out his Facebook ads library to see if they're running anything on Facebook. And he's been at it for years. So there's that too. Generally, lawn care, lawn care, lawn care.

Unknown Speaker  34:13
Okay, got it.

Matthias Miller  34:22
The other non conventional Avenue is, is there any type of farmers co op in your area, or ranchers Association, or anything along those lines, where you can have flyers, business cards? So do you have? How many friends do you have in your area where you can pay them five bucks a month to put a metal I mean, you may not even have to pay. Can you just do me a favor, don't drive stupid. And can you put this sticker on your car and it looks like you have a fleet of cars and and anytime he goes. Having at Walmart. People were like, Oh, there's another one of those such and such vehicles.

Speaker 1  35:06
That's hilarious. I cannot think how to pull that off right now, but I love the idea.

Matthias Miller  35:14
No either. But I mean, like, anyway, there's, there's so many of these things that I just want to try. But anyway,

Unknown Speaker  35:24
I love this. Okay, you didn't happen to record any,

Matthias Miller  35:28
yeah, it's recorded.

Unknown Speaker  35:35
No big rush, but if you can, it's been great.

Matthias Miller  35:37
Yeah, happy to

Unknown Speaker  35:40
All right, okay, well, good, sounds good and sounds like a plan.

Matthias Miller  35:45
All right, well, all right, sounds good. We'll be in touch. Yep, thanks a lot. Good night, good day. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai