Unknown Speaker  00:25
Good morning. Good morning, everybody. Good morning. Hey Marissa. Hey good morning Mike. Good morning. Morning Mike.

Speaker 1  00:45
Good morning sun is shining brightly in North Carolina clear as to beautiful morning of about three that

Unknown Speaker  00:59
is awesome.

Unknown Speaker  01:02
That is so nice. It's rainy here cold and rainy grateful that I don't have to be out any very grateful

Speaker 2  01:16
it's about sunny and 52 degrees here. Thankfully it's very pretty. It's live about four house away from our high school. And it's a Polling Center. So there are so many folks just like coming out of the woodwork from their neighborhood walk in the sidewalks and going out to vote this morning is kind of I don't know, I feel very Americana looking outside and seeing people walk in, you know, getting their little sticker and voting. Very small town kind of feel.

Matthias Miller  01:48
Bad it's kind of the wrong time of year to send your kid your kids up front with the hot chocolate or something.

Speaker 2  01:54
Yeah. I know they would. They're begging you for a lemonade stand. Almost let them do it this summer. But the littlest ones only five. And I'm like, do you think you'd maybe next summer.

Matthias Miller  02:11
So we let our kids do it. And so our son made lemonade, our daughter made like use pipe cleaner and beads to make little bracelets. And she's very both endearing and you know, fairly assertive salesperson. So she pretty much blew her brother out of the water. The profit margins of that are really good. And when you can weasel your way into people's hearts and have them pay you $5 for that. That's, that's amazing. It's a win for a five year old. So

Speaker 2  02:51
I have a funny story to add to that. Since we're talking about little salespeople. We grow a garden every year. And my kids love pulling the carrots because it's like a treasure hunt. You know, they're all of a sudden they come out of the ground. It's like a magic. And they pulled all the carrots this past season. And my firt my son's first thought was he was like, let's sell these. And so he he literally like I don't know, he like talked his sister into it. She found this cute little white Easter basket and they literally walked the neighborhood and he had a script of He's nervous. You know, the adults come to the door. It's like what do you say? This little script? He was like, Hi, I'm selling carrots there for for $1 or 25 cents apiece. And I was like, I love it. How have you thought that was a deal?

Speaker 2  03:49
Like 10 bucks. It was It was adorable. So there you go. Good sales stories all around from our little ones we should take inspiration from them.

Matthias Miller  04:03
Take inspiration from for sheds for

Speaker 2  04:10
for sheds. I'm Michael speaking of I wanted to let you know that that custom shed so I had a customer that wanted to lean to style shed and I talked about it with Michael yesterday. He he was very happy with the price. And made sure to add you know the upcharge for the custom build. He had a question about if there could be an image created of the building like a mock up in our system. And not that I'm aware of in the dealer portal but I don't know if you have any tools available for customizing builds. I think he wanted to ensure that the placement of the doors were on the right walls before he was is confirming everything but it seems like this one's headed towards a closure pretty quickly here.

Speaker 1  05:08
Okay, let me let me do a little, we do have a different, we won't be able to do it within assist. Yeah, this does not allow for a single slope roof. However I do have a different

Unknown Speaker  05:24
model or

Speaker 1  05:25
generating sis yes system that we use for more of the customized things that I think would probably work as for the larger stuff and it's more customizable. I think I can do a small single slope in it. Let me try. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  05:42
If not, let me know. And I'll get Photoshop or something go

Speaker 1  05:48
the doors, as you showed it in there. Those are actually in the correct spots what he wants, right?

Speaker 2  05:57
Yes, I believe they are. I think the sketches that he sent us were very detailed. For your placement, I think he just wanted to affirm that his sketches in our drafting match, so that he doesn't have any concerns about us misinterpreting his drone.

Speaker 1  06:19
Yeah, I think it looks pretty straightforward. The one that has like an aerial view, looking down from the top is his drawing. Is that correct? Or both?

Unknown Speaker  06:31
Both of those are his drawings.

Speaker 1  06:33
Okay. Yeah, those look, I mean, I understand that pretty to me. So you did a great job. But let me see if I can do an additional little mock up to show from a different perspective.

Speaker 2  06:45
Okay, I think is his goal. And if you only are able to draft One type is to see the rise between the seven foot height up to the 14 foot height on the the gable end, I think that's his goal is to see what would that look like? Okay, cool. Cool. Thank you so much, Michael. I really appreciate that notes. He can always some of your time to use that different tool.

Unknown Speaker  07:11
No problem.

Speaker 2  07:16
Tori, how are you doing? How are the How are the calls yesterday? And you've had a lot of good leads lately. That's been exciting.

Speaker 3  07:23
Yes. So the call started off with a lot of voicemails, but people did reach back out as the day progressed. And I think that even like what the follow ups with quotes, mentioning the 10% off, people were like, Okay, well, let me go back and, you know, really take a closer look at things because I feel like people, they get the quote, and then like they continue with life, they might just kind of forget about it, you know, so I think the 10% off was like, Okay, let me really like circle back around. And, you know, I'm gonna give you tomorrow or within the next two days. So I think that was good. And I have a question from Michael. So the pictures that I sent over of it was Steven site. Did that look level enough? Or could you tell from the pictures, because he was thinking about having a site check done? But I know he's like, pretty, he's in the early stages, like kind of just pricing things out. So would it be worth it to do a site check? Really early in the process?

Speaker 1  08:31
Okay, trying to recall, I had a lot of things on my desk yesterday, you're talking about that, that had the picture of the yellow car? Yeah. Well, looking at the pictures, it looks well within range of what for the size of the building, for us being able to do up to 30 inches off level it look well within the realm of what we could do. And would not be an issue I would not be concerned to just close this deal on that one. Now, if he wants us to come out. Sure, we can come out and make him comfortable by doing a site check and everything but everything looks well within from what I could tell in the pictures.

Speaker 3  09:18
Okay, good to know, capability. Thank you. And after we have the call with Leanne, that will be helpful on the financing aspect because I do have two or three people that are interested in financing and just want to know all the options before they decide what to go with. So that will be good to have that conversation and just get a clearer understanding of the process. And you know, the questions me and Marissa had as far as credit checks and all of that. So that will give more clarity.

Speaker 2  09:53
And Michael for background on that Lindsey. Lindsey is going to coordinate a meeting when Leanne is Back in the office and has the time or Torian. I did join and really do some question asking, because our clients are asking, you know, do I get a credit check if I apply once versus twice versus choose multiple plans in green sky? Do I need to put a payment down now or later. And our goal is to just gather all of those answers from Leanne. Bring them back to this team, and then determine which of those hold true for everyone as an online versus in person sales process. And then which things would we need to modify and make online procedures for such as, you know, percentage of how much we're taking up front? Once someone gets funded, just some of those little nuances so that Korean I can very, very bullet point, explain to a client when you apply, this is exactly how the process will flow for you. We're just slightly unsteady in that area right now to have that confidence in walking someone through that without maybe giving them bad information, like, especially on the credit check side, we know who's the credit, but we weren't sure if it's every single land that they apply for. Or if it's after they accept just some of those nuances. We want to make sure to refine and if you have any of the info, we'll gladly take it down as well.

Speaker 1  11:27
Yeah, well, sure. Absolutely. I could probably hopefully answer at least some of them. Awesome. So green sky is a hard check on there. If you do run the credit, it is a hard check for green sky.

Speaker 2  11:43
Is it is it a hard check if they run the application or acceptance?

Speaker 1  11:52
It is if you run the application with green sky, it is a hard check. Okay, with backyard financing, direct to consumer. It is not it is a soft check, the initial isn't a soft check, then it gives you the options to choose from, if you select an option after the initial request, then it becomes a hard check. So you can do a soft check and see make sure Oh, this is a plan that would fit perfect, I want to do this and then you hit select a plan, then it's a hard check. So the initial is is always a soft check we are setting up as a merchant for have been doing that for the last two weeks still not set up completely. That will be the same way those rates will become more competitive as a merchant and will also be soft check just like that. So I think that's going to be our best option. Yeah, with the most competitive rates, and it is a soft check as initial once they are given the options they can select which one they want to move forward with, then it becomes a heart check. Okay, so that's the difference between backyard and green sky green sky, if you are above, we have discovered about seven. If you're above, above 750 credit score and you apply at green sky, you pretty much will get approved. And that's pretty much the benchmark that we've discovered with green sky. Okay, remember, it is a heart check. If you run it, you are giving heart checked. If you'll probably

Unknown Speaker  13:30
go ahead I'm sorry, Michael,

Speaker 1  13:32
if it's below that you will probably get denied and probably not worth running with green sky just maybe something you can throw out there or it's a little bit you know, funny sometimes to be discussing your credit score with the customer. So you know, feeling your way through that and letting the customer you know release the their information to their desire level on that some people are like, you know, man, I think I have a good credit score and I want to talk about it and others you know, maybe not so much so it just depends but that's sort of some of the facts.

Speaker 2  14:06
It seems like in the green sky application you can apply for multiple plans so you can select different types of payments. Do you know Michael if when you do so, if you select multiple plans for the client to contrast if it pulls the credit check one time and then gives them the options for those plans or is it pulling their credit each time a plan is being presented? That was one that was relevant I think for Tory's client especially because they were looking at contrasting two different plans through green sky

Speaker 1  14:46
that I don't know I know it does pull it as a hard check. But does it pull it once or twice I can find that out for you and I can miss it made me a nose twice. Guy Okay, thank you. Now, one thing too, that we could talk about that's different between greens guy right now in direct to consumer financing is if somebody does direct to consumer financing, and then you know, the sale will be just like a cash sale because we don't get funded, he then funds us. And then it's just our, our policies just like we normally would do for a cash sale, which we're going to be doing that guarantee guaranty thing is common. So literally, it can be zero down. If you do direct consumer financing, they get finance and pay us a check on delivery on on green sky, or once per set up as a merchant account with bank and financing. We get funded directly. And so that's how the funding is going to flow with that.

Speaker 2  16:08
Okay, so to make sure I understand this, we are a merchant with green skies. So all of the approved applications that are accepted that funding flows directly to vinyl structures for payment, for whatever amount they approved on their loan, is that right? It is yes. Okay, that's nice, then there's no handling of funds in between the client and the business, when we are approved as a merchant with backyard financing that will then transition to operationally move the same way for the funding would come direct to vinyl structures.

Speaker 1  16:42
As soon as we're set up as a merchant, correct, yeah. Okay. Awesome.

Speaker 2  16:46
That really helps. I think the notes I've taken just now I see Tory nodding to Yes, yes. But yeah, those are very helpful clarifications, I think that I know, I needed to be able to promote financing with more confidence with customers. So really appreciate that.

Speaker 3  17:02
Thank you. Would it be worth I know that Lindsay mentioned new options come in the 15? Do you think it'll be worth waiting a week just to see what those options are? before presenting it to the customer? Or before you know, selecting that option? As far as financing with the customer?

Speaker 1  17:25
You're saying the new the new options that's coming to 15 is for accurate is she saying those are coming due to the fact of it being the setup as a merchant from backyard?

Speaker 3  17:37
Well, she she mentioned new financing options, I don't know if it was with a different company. Or just better options within what we already have. Maybe

Speaker 1  17:47
we're doing what we're doing. With with backyard as a merchant, that's what's coming. And we've been we've applied about two weeks ago, and it takes a couple of weeks for it to get set up. Because there's about 50 banks involved in that. Okay, so every time you do select that, after we're set up is going to check in five or 10 minutes with 50 banks and come back with multiple offers from all those banks. But I don't think we should start off for a week or customers for that option, because we are not guarantee it will be here to the 15th we hope it will, but we are we are at the mercy of all these banks giving us all their approvals, final approvals and getting his final set up. Okay, it could be sooner, or it could be later, I think we should move on with the options that we have as soon as it becomes available. And then we circle back and re approach these people that have not bought, you know, even more aggressive options.

Unknown Speaker  18:52
Okay, makes sense. Thank you.

Speaker 1  18:56
Now, the zero down, I think we have a pretty compelling message there on our do. And on cash sales pretty compelling. And it could be the same way to zero down can apply to direct to consumer financing backyard as well, because they're gonna get funded directly. And it's just going to flow through like a cash deal.

Unknown Speaker  19:16
Okay. That's great. That's great.

Matthias Miller  19:21
Mike, there was a question that came up yesterday, when somebody gets personal financing, and they don't need the building for a number of months. Is there a at what point at what point do you start getting uncomfortable about scheduling a building out? You know, three months, six months, nine months? Yeah,

Speaker 1  19:42
I think you're saying oh, they get direct to consumer financing from backyard, they collect the money and they say oh, don't deliver three months and then they're probably going to spend it on something else. And then when we get out there, they won't have any money. Is that what you're saying?

Matthias Miller  19:56
Yeah, something Yep, that situation or or we close the deal. Maybe they even pay us. I guess if they pay us it's not that big of a deal we can refund them. And I guess stickiness to the sale past a certain timeframe. But the former is the primary concern. Yes. Or primary question.

Speaker 1  20:16
I don't think I would stress too much about that. If it becomes a real big issue, I think we we make changes. But the worst thing that can happen at scenarios, we get out there, and he doesn't pay us and we just don't drop it, we come back and we sit in a lot and resell it. That's the worst case scenario. But I think it's the same, the same level of risk that we're doing, like for immediate deliveries were in 30 days, there's there is a chance that that'll happen as well. But I think it's worth the risk was plus discover we've not had much issues on zero down thus far, which is a similar situation. And we're willing to take that risk. Let's, let's let's move let's close them.

Speaker 2  21:06
And when we are doing cash sales, I have a gentleman his name's Aaron. He's interested in the Princeton model, and he wants to buy in cash on handing over that cash on delivery day, he had some questions about, you know, is it collected? Does it have to be a cheque? Can I do it securely, like with a debit card? It's funny how people think that it's like more secure to transfer money digitally, instead of paper money. And like, I don't understand that. But okay. So I wanted to make sure I know, like when Randall and whomever the team is that's arriving and actually taking those funds, what should the customer expect. So they're prepared with, you know, a large, pretty large sum from their bank today.

Speaker 1  21:52
So, right now, we're set up to take credit cards, I know that's a large student, sometimes it can be pretty large, some but sure, if they, they would probably need to notify the bank, if it's a large sum, then give them approval on it, like the day before, to make sure that it doesn't, you know, cause some alarms to go off or whatever, but that we do accept right now. We should maybe, maybe explore some additional options, maybe for making digital and taking money digitally. One thing that we have liked about credit cards, even though there's a fee is we have instant approval, or declined. And so there's no delays so that we collect money, and we leave in two days later discover that, you know, it didn't clear whatever. So that's the upside to a credit card, instant approval or declined, declined, you'd have another card or something went wrong or and then we can assure when we leave that we have the funds.

Speaker 2  22:59
Does the credit card merchant fees charged to vinyl structures? Or is it charged to the guest at checkout?

Speaker 1  23:07
Charge the vinyl. clear win for the customer at this point. Yeah. Let it companies, companies that do like have credit card fees. So if you if you run your credit card, you may have a 3% extra fee that's tacked on pretty common among said companies at this point. We're not doing it. So pretty clear when?

Speaker 3  23:39
Okay, sounds good. Thank you just wanting a little feedback from you guys on this on what you think. So there's a guy that I quoted yesterday, what do you want, it was really basic eight by 12, shed, one prehung, door, five, eight plywood floors, you don't want to upgrade. And then I also applied to 10% off, which took like $400 off in the final practice like $3,965. And he emails saying he's been pricing base. He's been pricing, other shifts, including installation flooring and foundations. And he said if there was a way to not save $100 off of this, we will be comfortable with proceeding with truepoint and I feel like there's nothing I could really do on my end. As far as like taking money off. I applied the discount took off $400 So in this case, just making sure it's okay to say hey, like there's nothing we could really do as far as pricing to go about it that way or if there's something we can actually do to help them out.

Matthias Miller  24:46
You could you could check with him what his monthly budget is. If he wants to take $700 Off he could put $700 on RTO or personal financing You know, yeah, the rest of you guys might have ideas on how to how to get it down even lower, but it sounds

Unknown Speaker  25:09
like really basic

Speaker 1  25:14
things get distracted for about one minute there. I didn't catch that all that but keep going. Just before we hang up, I'd like to speak into that green sky thing then was got an answer from Leanna. And then

Unknown Speaker  25:33
did you want me to explain? Explain further?

Speaker 1  25:36
Oh, I just missed that for the last the last minute. Okay, as long as you got it, as long as you got answers, we're good.

Unknown Speaker  25:42
Okay, I'll check out their RTO RTO method.

Matthias Miller  25:46
You can even ask, and I don't know if he's open to talking about this. But even even asking him what his you know, if he has a monthly budget, he'd be open to putting towards that. And even if it is, you know, financing $700? Is it gonna be that much? And the value that it gives them be interesting. It's interesting to see what comes of it.

Unknown Speaker  26:06
Okay, thank you. I'll try that.

Matthias Miller  26:18
So, Mike, update on green sky,

Speaker 1  26:21
green sky. They get in touch with Leanne and ask her the question, green sky. If they choose multiple options are on green sky that they want to try to get approval on? Do they get credit check twice, or just once? And the answer was, we don't know. Never been asked that question before, but she said green sky has a little chat on it. Where any of you should be able to just do a little chat on the green sky chat line. And and they should be able to reply with answers on that. Okay, sounds good.

Speaker 2  26:59
I believe we knocked out most of the questions I had for green sky. Tori, do you have any other outstanding ones? Because if so, we might be able to clear the NS availability up because Michael was able to provide us the answers you and I were wondering you have any other one? Oh, he

Speaker 3  27:16
he covered everything. The way to go, Michael. Well, you're right. Thanks, Michael.

Speaker 2  27:24
Thank you. Yeah. Oh, pauriol message Lindsey, then to not have to book anything in okay. Take to defer that. Yeah, thank you so much feel much more prepared for some of these financing questions.

Speaker 2  27:46
Matthias one quick technical note, I believe that Tori and I are getting pinged by Trello, on inquiries that are coming in for assist and Trello. So we're getting two notifications for the same person. And I don't know if that's intended or not, but I think we don't necessarily utilize them. If they can be shut off. That's fine. I have used the Trello access just to kind of cross reference. A couple of names has been helpful, but probably not every person.

Unknown Speaker  28:21
Yeah, I agree.

Speaker 2  28:26
And I also noticed, I think there were changes in assist, or the better in as far as the the workflow of the two dues and the opportunities, they just seem to be connecting very well, when clicking on the guests name and taking you to the opportunities page. So it's different than when it first launched, and it's definitely very nice. So thank you for making any of those just smoother workflow processes. Like you're welcome. Cool.

Matthias Miller  28:58
Cool. Good, awesome. Sounds like that's a wrap.

Speaker 3  29:07
Thanks. Thank you. Have a great day, everybody. Hey. Yep. Great Day. Bye Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai