Matthias Miller  01:00
Good morning Good morning how's it going? Good how are you doing

Unknown Speaker  01:08
good blessed to see another day

Matthias Miller  01:13
very true water I'm not sure where everybody else is this morning checking out emails looks like you're leaving email back here soon now see I they're seeing good morning

Unknown Speaker  02:54
good morning I wish leads were you referring to

Unknown Speaker  03:03
Matthias

Matthias Miller  03:05
in discord Nelson and Kyle replied back to was that to the email that you point backwards

Matthias Miller  03:51
apologies about the duplicate emails by the way I'm working on getting that result a little overzealous about letting you guys know

Unknown Speaker  04:08
okay

Matthias Miller  04:22
you seen this story?

Speaker 1  04:23
I see the one from Nelson. I'm trying to find the email from Kyle

Matthias Miller  04:34
it was see what would be the

Matthias Miller  04:46
it was over 25th Quick question about your new shed. Kyle was the subject.

Speaker 1  04:51
Okay, I just searched that I see it. No. Okay. I called him yesterday and left a voicemail he didn't answer okay, I called Nelson as well and let them eat, we'll send him an email and leave a voicemail I caught them on the 24th and 25th.

Matthias Miller  05:38
So is this I mean, this set looks like another issue of somebody being at work or being unavailable during the day. Right?

Speaker 1  05:47
Yeah, I've come across that quite a bit. I actually call someone yesterday, and they were like, it'd be best for me to talk after three. So I tried to wait to call a lot of people after that time. And a few people answered, excuse me. So I'm wondering if that will be better to have those later conversations.

Matthias Miller  06:10
Yeah. Seems like either either lunchtime. Or, like 12 to one

Unknown Speaker  06:24
or the middle, we should try that. See what kind of results we get with the

Speaker 2  06:37
I tried something different. I don't know if this is beneficial or not. But I tried for a customer that. Especially for so not a stereotype. But most of the male names on the list have been very short conversations. And a lot of the ladies I've talked to, you have had very long conversations. So for most of the men that I was not getting a hold of maybe just considering they were working or busy. In the voicemail, I would leave them a range or a possible range. Like, hey, you're looking at a garage is 14 by 32. And you want a garage door on it. This is the possible range we're talking about. But I'd like to speak with you to finalize the details. And just gave them like a ballpark range. And I did get two of those guys to call back. So I think some of it was taking away the mystery. What and they were like, oh, I want to talk to her now. Because that's what I was hoping for was just a price. Yep. Yeah. So that works for me, maybe a year away, depending on the inquiry to put something out there.

Speaker 1  07:51
That's good. Have you tried that an email as well, or just,

Speaker 2  07:55
I just did it in a phone call just kind of was almost like short, on a call, like, hey, yeah, give me a buzz that's interesting to you, you know, just just tried to be kind of punchy about it. I would like in an email, but I also don't like putting this comes from my financial planning background. I don't like putting numbers in writing I can't stick on. Because I don't like putting that documentation out there. So if I get an A phone call, I'm more comfortable with that than just like them coming back and being like, you told me this was the price. Prove it? Well, you know, the rain. But that might just be me being a little.

Matthias Miller  08:43
Boy, I mean, the way to protect that is having a generous enough range. You know, when you say something costs five to 10,000, you know, you hear me when you say you hear 10k. And when they hear it, they hear 5k. But it's still within that, you know, still within that range. So, so it does become a bit dicey. But if it's actually effective, then making sure that the ceiling and range is high enough to accommodate for that. And just kind of keeping your eye on how often are people coming back to me and saying, oh, but you said it was going to be under 7500 Even with that, I think if you if you most times that's because they changed something about what they were asking for. Or there was information that they hadn't disclosed to you and yeah, that's right. But but we didn't realize that you needed to put you know, two motorcycles in there so that one

Speaker 2  09:40
yeah, and I think what I did in that language was they said the base price of your building without any bells and whistles and sometimes even without door like if you if we sold you a box this would be you know, like that's a pretty easy number to grab just based on their dimensions. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  10:00
I love that I love that without a door

Speaker 2  10:05
without a door like just selling you a box. I like it. Because really the doors actually are a significant variable when it comes to the cost of the product. So sometimes I think just someone getting an idea. And this poor guy on the phone, he wanted a 14 by 32. And he wanted to store one lawnmower in it. And he sounded very young on the phone. And I was like step this off in your yard, like do you know how big that is? Nicely. And we ended up literally going down to like an eight by 12. So lost. I don't know, I need lots of space on your lawnmower is like six feet by four feet. News is great.

Matthias Miller  10:58
Well, the good news is it's a that's a call recording that we've captured,

Speaker 2  11:01
we can go back, let me get to see what Stephen was thinking on the 24th at 1214, if you want to laugh Wow, that was funny. But it was good opportunity. That was another thing it taught me to actually ask someone, what are you going to use this for? Because I kind of just went into the dealer portal and with that a, you know, building quote for him, but it was like, what are you really doing with this? Poor guy.

Speaker 1  11:49
This we are discussing a dealer portal, I had a thought this morning. So I love how the configurator allows us to provide a visual to the customer. But I was wondering if there was any potential for growth as far as looking like the buildings on the website, just from like a customer standpoint, point, a visual perspective of it. Like okay, this is what my shot will really look like, versus just like, you know, the diagram that we have. So I thought maybe like that could potentially help with finalizing sales. Like they're looking at this building that looks exactly like they're building this kind of look. And you know, they get a little excited about it, maybe because I bet it was beautiful, and it would be unbiased. Really beautiful. So it was just a thought that crossed my mind. I was just wondering,

Matthias Miller  12:33
there's been so there have been conversations or there are quite a few shipbuilders who actually do 3d 3d renderings, their sheds, including little ones that you can spin around and look at it from every angle and and that we have not pursued that at this point. It would be doable, but just because of limited resources will not limited resources, resources ultimately, at some point become limited and just not been high enough priority. But if we can, if we can prove, I mean, here's what we're looking, here's what we're looking to do in this process, we're looking to find out I don't know that we've ever had this level of intentionality with our dealers on why isn't sales working as well as it should? And if we can prove that a 3d Configurator closes sales, you know, increases or close rate by 50%. Then we can make a compelling case that needs to jump to the top of the list. And if we do that it's it's going to pay for itself. It's a little premature to to be able to say that, but it is definitely something to keep in mind. Yeah. Oh, go ahead.

Speaker 2  13:57
No, I was gonna say I agree that more visual aid is important for these online conversations. And I am noticing I've sent a couple. There was a link Matthias you provided of photographs of buildings, interiors, exteriors, it's like a whole library. Do you have that as well? Tori? I don't. Okay, you need that?

Unknown Speaker  14:21
You Yeah, that?

Speaker 2  14:23
I can't say that they are exactly the same building, you know, created in the configurator. But it gives a perfect like real life image. I've started sending them as conversations are progressing or if a customer is trying to make a decision between like the insulated windows versus the smaller tempered glass window just so they can see it as best they can.

Unknown Speaker  14:51
Yes, that would be so helpful. Yes, it's similar

Speaker 2  14:53
to what's on the website. It's probably actually some of the images utilized on the website. Different buildings I just found it really helpful. A lady asked me the other day what the radiant barrier looked like. And so it was really good to show her a picture of it. And so she understood like, it looks like a spaceship. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  15:15
I definitely need that.

Speaker 2  15:17
I mean, it hasn't closed a deal for me yet. As you know, we're still really hunting down those pipeline deals, but I'm hoping that it sticks in people's minds, bro.

Speaker 1  15:26
Yeah, I think that will be good to have a more realistic view of you know, certain items. That's good.

Matthias Miller  15:35
If you were looking at those pictures during training, would you want to do that about midweek? Once you kind of have an idea of the buildings and the products? And

Speaker 2  15:44
yeah, I think after whenever, whatever the day for the dealer portal training is I would do it either that day or the following day, because it gives you such a visual element of what you're putting together. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:01
Now one thing that we could do.

Matthias Miller  16:08
thinking, thinking thinking, what the best ways to do this, I mean, even if we added a wiki page, we could we could create a wiki page that has all of the different models and quick links to relevant photos that you could, if you know that somebody's I don't even I haven't even paid attention to how these are organized. And maybe they're already organized by

Speaker 2  16:30
groups, you can see they're kind of similar within a photo shoot with the way they flow. Another thing that has helped me that we might want to create Tori would be I have sent folks a screenshot of the door options. They can see them that really helped with

Unknown Speaker  16:56
Yeah,

Speaker 2  16:57
the grabbing it, but like showing the page on the website with the features. Okay,

Matthias Miller  17:06
surely we've got some kind of marketing collateral for that I would like. And if not, I would think we should create something.

Speaker 2  17:14
Yeah, and there, it's funny, because they're like, depending on the exterior wrap depends on the type of doors available for that building. So we show them all in the website, which is good. So I was screenshotting it and then drawing on the screenshot, like not this one, not this one,

Unknown Speaker  17:32
choose these. And that seemed to help a couple folks that were like, they wanted to know what their options were for divorce.

Unknown Speaker  17:42
Maybe that will help.

Matthias Miller  17:48
Let's keep let's keep testing that. That I want to make making a note here to consider for the future.

Speaker 2  18:13
I think texting to when we get to that place, and we can send people photos of this thing library, I think they'll be very apt at that. It'll just be like right in front of their face, like on their go to live talk to have even struggle accessing their email. And I think that's just their generation. So whether they're using their phone more than they're using their computer, and their comfort level seems to be more in their what's in their hands.

Matthias Miller  18:47
There's only one there's only one generation alive today who actually knows how to use email. You're either too young or too old to know, how

Speaker 1  18:59
can I yeah, I agree. Marissa, a few people that I spoke to, they were like, Oh, you sent the quote. Like, even though I told them I was sending it within 15 minutes, and I called them the next day. They were like, Oh, you sent it. Okay, give me a chance to review it. And, you know, I think email is one of those things where either people are like on it, you're looking at it constantly or they they just kind of ignore it, you know,

Unknown Speaker  19:21
I agree.

Matthias Miller  19:24
So wonder what it actually takes did any of you have a chance to take a look at what it takes to get texting going?

Speaker 1  19:30
So I looked up, I came across a few different companies. But as far as like the laws, it just said that when you send a text message and must include the sender identity, and opt out instructions, and texts can only be sent between 8am and 9pm. So you have to just give them the opportunity to say they don't want to receive messages and then you know text within a certain timeframe. That's what I found on it. I can dig in more Today to see if there's anything else and then I saw simple texting was pretty popular and I wrote down the different prices like you can pay for certain certain amount of text messages like 500 which is 29 A month 1000 which is 49 A month 2079 It kind of just goes up then I came across zip whip

Unknown Speaker  20:24
I don't look into the prices yet on that but that's what I found I can definitely dig in more though

Matthias Miller  20:36
it'd be used around people

Unknown Speaker  20:38
to your mouth I can't hear anything working on your phone oh sorry

Matthias Miller  20:57
so would we then have a separate phone number for just for texting

Unknown Speaker  21:05
Yeah one of those a way to tie your

Matthias Miller  21:07
move your we'd have to migrate through your skytop for this process Skype tells that is the provider that they're using right now searching

Unknown Speaker  21:45
alright guys my computer I was wondering if active host does I believe they do Facebook Messenger they have an integration with that which might be a usable tool for you Tory with the Facebook group

Matthias Miller  22:10
like that let's see Active Campaign

Matthias Miller  22:18
how do we integrate with Facebook

Speaker 3  22:27
they don't integrate I don't think they integrate with texting

Matthias Miller  22:33
so yeah ActiveCampaign does have SMS marketing

Matthias Miller  22:37
oh I have to do

Speaker 1  22:45
okay good. I was just gonna ask if it has to be like one mass text or can it be parsed

Matthias Miller  22:51
great question

Matthias Miller  22:58
because if we could if we could use that I mean that has popped out customer messaging let's go to

Matthias Miller  23:18
contacts let's go find let's see here we go account the phone contact notes send an email

Matthias Miller  24:18
I'm not seeing a way to do it

Matthias Miller  24:25
okay, well let me

Matthias Miller  24:36
we take a look and yeah okay. If we can just use if we just use sky tail and find out exactly what the what more specific Repeat what? Maybe the answer actually would be reaching out to Sky tail and asking them when to drop this and asking them what it takes to get authorization for business texting because I would think they would be the ultimate decision maker because they're the they're the separate current SIP provider. Okay. I know things like things like Twilio actually let you services like Twilio actually let you unsubscribe at any given point we could also set up how would we do this if we need a good way for sending Twilio message messages we could also just set up call forwarding on on the text message number that would forward it over to you that's a little weird though because it's a different phone number anyway schedule is a good avenue to pursue just find out what it takes to get with that that would be the least least amount of technical work if we can just get approval from from them.

Unknown Speaker  26:30
processes like I tell managers are the three CX platform

Matthias Miller  26:44
sky tail is the telephone provider that three CX that we're using with three CX three CX is like the phone's software system that plugs into

Speaker 1  27:03
okay. Is that something you would like for me to find out today?

Matthias Miller  27:08
Yeah, if you have you got availability to pursue? That'd be great. Okay. Cool, cool.

Matthias Miller  27:25
Tori, are you Are you good with the email notifications as they are? If we ditch SMS? Yeah. And use as

Speaker 1  27:34
it comes to my phone, just like Marissa was saying, it comes to your phone, just like a text notification, right?

Matthias Miller  27:39
Cool. And the multiple should stop for future ones. I get that result. And let me know if there's anything to be any changes useful there. Anything else you guys need for today?

Unknown Speaker  28:02
Think I'm good.

Speaker 3  28:05
I have one quick comment about Docusign. The Docusign. I went out signed up on my own did like Marisa truepoint.com. And I was called by Docusign. And they gave me like a referral code for a business account to lower the cost of purchasing that. And I thought Wait, I don't remember, a business account was already set up. Or if that has to happen eventually. If it does have to happen eventually I want to make sure I get this code to the right person for purchasing. So I'm not sure

Matthias Miller  28:44
Well, first of all, you should have an account under under our business account. The referral code is written annual plan. And if Dwayne wouldn't be going to Italy for his anniversary, we would be rolling out electronic contracts. So DocuSign is goodness. Exactly. So all that to say we're only going to be on a month or two of subscription on DocuSign if that. So the coupon the discount code doesn't work. But I'm also would be interested in knowing. Let's see. Trying to find here where I've got this sub account set up and see if I got you get you set up.

Unknown Speaker  29:38
Yes. All right. All right account.

Matthias Miller  29:41
Oh gosh. Says it's pending right now. I'm going to resend the invitation. Only find

Matthias Miller  30:00
The same code I sent you in the 14th. Okay. And then let me know if you see that in your email and then sign up using that. If there's some kind of conflict with duplicate accounts you might have to can't contact support. Close out your

Unknown Speaker  30:17
existing one and reapply. No problem. Good. Yep. Just came over.

Unknown Speaker  30:28
It's doing gonna be out for a while.

Matthias Miller  30:31
He'll be out for a week, I believe.

Unknown Speaker  30:34
Okay, starting with the sign on.

Matthias Miller  30:39
Yeah. Friday through. Mary might know actually just message this morning. We're leaving on Friday.

Speaker 1  30:52
I won't bother him Friday until next Friday.

Unknown Speaker  30:56
Yeah. Okay

Speaker 1  31:06
well, custom clothes always have to go through Michael. Will they ever be? Okay.

Matthias Miller  31:13
Now there's too much. Yeah. Is it taking a long time to get those turnarounds?

Speaker 1  31:21
Um, I know he's really busy. So it might take just a day, but it's not bad. I was just wondering if I know he's super busy if there was like if we could take a little bit off of them and just make it a quicker process but no worries. Right.

Matthias Miller  31:51
Well there's like going to drop off for another call here. Marissa, do you have a contract you want to send out today where you're just wanting to be prepared.

Speaker 3  32:13
I have a gal that I'm recalling this morning and I think she'll be purchasing with her like a little office building for herself and she wants to do RTO so I wanted to be able to send that to her digitally. It is asking me for a secret access code. To finish the account creation it says you'll receive this in a separate communication. Enter the code to validate to you. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. I'm in

Unknown Speaker  32:50
for everybody. Have a good day.

Matthias Miller  32:53
All right. You as well. Okay. Bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai