Matthias Miller  00:26
interesting work a game to holiday Mark, are you one? Yes, I am. All right. Good. Yep, I can hear you.

Matthias Miller  01:04
Okay All righty. Well, Nick is having conflict he's going to be listening in today gave your suggestion about manual processes. Sounds good and the credits and debit stuff sounds good. I sent out an email to earlier sorry, I sent an email regarding a proposal on that to you guys and I'm gonna read you guys up take a look at it or was it morning stuff I can discuss, but I reckon walking through as it is, having something on paper might be helpful as well. The so where so as far as entering sending the email should be coming over now. As far as making sure that things come out of the right accounts. There are a few ways that you a few ways that we could we could do this one is and Kristin I don't know you can weigh in with how TVMs does this. One is saying that for a specific payee, we expect these accounts to be credited and debited and simply show a warning when it's outside of those expected accounts. So normally when we pay this vendor we expect it to be you know paid out of this asset account and this expense expense account etc. And or we could say that any transaction that is debited or credited from you know any debits or credits to the Payroll Expense should be countered should have a opposite transaction for fill in the blank the FGI Well, this is getting a little into the weeds but you know, either the accounts payable or the FGI production labor asset account etc

Matthias Miller  04:11
So, Kristin, I think you're probably the one best able to speak into what you want to see from a bookkeeping standpoint of how this gets implemented.

Speaker 1  04:22
Sure. So okay, let's start with an expensive voice. Usually on an expense invoice, I have a drop down and I can pick what I want to pay it out of petty cash, checking credit card accounts, you know, whatever we've set up as a GL account that is that type of asset I can choose. So then the invoice the vendor invoice already knows what I want to happen when it's paid for And then each line item gets its own GL account. Right? Wait, that's how we've already, we've already talked that that's going to be how the process works. But then, to the extent of do I want it to debit or credit that GL account? Is the scary part, I guess if we can set some rules that say, Oh, if she's creating a purchase order for a vendor, it's always going to debit, whatever asset she picked, checking for decrease. Which is actually credit. It's always going to credit the asset that she picked, and then I imagine then it would, it's gonna depend if it's an expense Geo, or if it's a live liability, could it be a liability? Geo? I guess if it's like a depreciation item? I guess what I'm saying is, if we walk through enough examples, I think we can set up rules as to what should happen, depending on where we start. Did I start with a purchase order or a sales order?

Speaker 1  06:31
Yeah, it's gonna be a really long set of rules. I think. Is it based on the GL classification? Or other rules based on the GL classifications? asset? Versus liability? If those two are working together, we need to this asset versus equity if those two are working together, we need to that? Or is it based on each individual GL account? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  07:11
I think in a standard case, well

Matthias Miller  07:22
when you write your when you get an invoice, and before you pay, you would read it, would you credit the

Matthias Miller  07:45
would you? Would you credit the accounts payable, liability and debit the production labor overhead asset

Unknown Speaker  08:08
and invoice for

Matthias Miller  08:10
payroll, you get some not for payroll, say for an overhead some overhead related expense.

Unknown Speaker  08:17
You said overhead I'm sorry? Utilities telephone bill comes in possibly. And then there's also the tricky business of inventory raw materials.

Speaker 1  08:46
So there's multiple states, PIO, for a vendor invoice could be in for raw materials where you know, we've placed the order and it's nothing happens and then we make our down payment, then what happens and then okay, now some of the raw materials start to come in. I can receive some of them and move part of that into our fraud materials asset and move some of the dollars from that invoice out of pre payments or do I need to that's how it works in AVMS or do I need to receive the whole invoice at once and that that's going to automatically move that money from pre payments into

Unknown Speaker  09:39
raw materials but it went from checking to pre payments and then from pre payments to

Speaker 1  09:51
raw materials. So it's not always going to be just one thing that happens per invoice, right? It depends on misstated invoices.

Speaker 1  10:10
So even if we did start out with, okay, I found someone who knows what credit and debit needs to happen with every single situation. If they were to put the credit and debit in initially for that vendor invoice, then that's going to change down the road when we start receiving materials.

Matthias Miller  10:29
Well, in inventory I see is something special. I mean, nowhere else do we have.

Matthias Miller  10:44
See, we don't I mean, isn't it?

Speaker 1  10:48
Well, what about labor? Because we're going to kind of treat labor, how we're treating raw materials, and that it starts as a payroll liability. And then when it's paid, it bounces up to the balance sheet as a labor asset. Maybe it's not exactly the same, but it's just a not one fell swoop kind of transaction.

Matthias Miller  11:25
Okay, so when you run payroll, when you when you calculate payroll, that's at the point that we know what our payroll liability is. And so you're gonna you're going to be doing that on a on a weekly basis.

Unknown Speaker  11:43
I think it's probably weekly right now, by weekly. I don't know if that's what the intent is.

Matthias Miller  11:52
Are you intending to accumulate payroll liability between actual payments?

Speaker 1  11:59
Well, generally, we put payroll together maybe on a Tuesday, and the checks get cut, not immediately. That day or the next day? So there is a small window between we owe it and we've paid it

Matthias Miller  12:17
Sure. At the moment, so the moment that you entered as a liability, it hits the finished goods inventory, right.

Speaker 1  13:01
I guess is that how we had it set? As soon as we entered or since we pay it, it hits a if we enter it, and we hit the liability and the asset, and then we pay it and we hit the live ability, again, an additional asset checking? Yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 2  13:39
Maybe backing up too far here. It seems like I guess I made a big mistake. We back whenever we had that initial conversation, where we talked about doing accounting and assists. For some reason I thought that we had talked about double entry and I had very, very foolishly not thought deep enough that the question is this accounting system set up to do double entry? That would mean it seems like that's all that means is going to do all the things like EBMs. And I don't know economy, or I know how accounting works, but I don't actually do the day to day. No data entry. But it kind of seems like we will need to create like events. Maybe there's about 20 things that we do in economy. One is we enter inventory Another is we pay inventory and other is we run payroll another is we pay payroll and other is we collect money, I don't know. And then create a set of rules for each of those. That's not very helpful.

Matthias Miller  15:20
Yeah, I mean, effectively, the support that we have is pretty generic. I mean, we have the concept of, so we haven't tied inventory management, inventory management into here. So that's, that's probably the, that's the big gap. We do have bills, which effectively handle this multi step process in some form or fashion, but it's probably not automated enough. But basically, you would enter a bill for each person being paid with that debit and in credit for the production labor in the payroll liability, and then you would, then we have a way to create a linked transaction to pay the bill, which is what ties it out to a checking asset account and creates the the corresponding entry for the checking, checking asset account.

Speaker 2  16:31
I guess the good thing about about all of this is, is accounting has very, very, very, very rigid rules. And it's not like I mean, it's not I don't think there's gonna be any question, Should we be crediting assets or debiting assets or crediting

Unknown Speaker  16:52
equity or not crediting equities? If we were to create these rules I think somebody could look at him and in really, really quickly tell us Oh, problem there. You can't credit assets and, you know, debit equity.

Matthias Miller  17:36
So the way I understood it, the question, the original problem we're trying to solve is that we're gonna have a bookkeeper with lots of transactions going through, and they're going to need to remember which things come from where and when, and how I read that that was the concern.

Speaker 1  17:58
Yeah, that they're going to need to insert on every transaction, what should be a credit? What should be a debit and to what accounts? Better? Sorry? No,

Speaker 2  18:17
no, I was gonna say, this daunting set of rules that were like, Ooh, man, that's pretty big. Either way, we're going to need to create that set of rules. But the thought of once the rules are created, that a team of people, every single transaction is supposed to find the correct rule and follow it without exception at very, very high volumes of transactions. is I guess why people buy software systems

Speaker 2  19:05
it seems like there's about three options. One is, is we determined that we have enough staff in people to train and coach the staff that we could have a very large set of rules and follow them meticulously on every single transaction to is we would create those rules but then try to build functionality to do what accounting systems generally do or three years. I guess relook at integrating with some. Off the shelf programmer for is Don't know what poor is? These these these rules that we're talking about. I mean, how from as far as creating those set of rules, I don't think that would be. Really, I mean, I think it would be probably a chunk easier than what we've just gone through with finished goods. Which it could be a pretty good chunk easier and still be extensive. But

Unknown Speaker  20:58
from a programming standpoint, Mathias, what do you see? Even if we had those rules?

Unknown Speaker  21:07
Is that three month work? Is it a month of work? Is it a year?

Matthias Miller  21:29
Rules is, to me a very raw nebulous term and I don't like Okay, so if we keep it very simple, we have a process we have a process for some of this can just be defined in some sense by process, not by not by rules, if you have a way to most bills will come out of

Matthias Miller  22:09
a live but let's say that, let's say that a, okay, you can make this really, really simple. And you might not like this, but you can make it really simple. And you could say that accounts payable. And I know this is how it's supposed to be used. But Accounts Payable basically means anything that's payable, including payroll. And then when you say say I want to create a new bill, you, you ask for the contact and the amount of the bill. And it assumes that that and it automatically adds the credit to the accounts payable with a blank debit line for you to fill in the expense category. And so even though there's no rule, it's really simple where you should be putting these things in.

Matthias Miller  23:13
And then it would be a matter of looking at

Matthias Miller  23:21
you can run reports on and I don't know maybe I'm thinking about this way, way, way, way too simplistically. But looking for debits that are tied to to ask debits on assets that are tied to credits, on expenses, or just straight up look for credits to well, it's some of the pairing that you expect which types of which, sorry, as I'm talking this through, I'm kind of getting where you're coming from.

Speaker 2  24:27
If we had gobs of capacity, and plenty of people that understand accounting well and even more people for data entry auditing and all that. I mean, at that point, we could say well, let's just do every single transaction manually and

Unknown Speaker  25:02
start automating them one by one. I'm just not sure that we capacity to do that now, if it was a Christian, you know, the the amount of transactions that are going through roll for me, what we're talking about here is probably probably at least five times. Sure. And

Matthias Miller  25:47
so what's the what does that come come out to as a number?

Speaker 1  25:55
Three per day? What? What? What?

Matthias Miller  26:01
Well, is it

Speaker 2  26:03
a bit more simple? I'm taking this a little bit simpler, which is, is EBMs full automation? Is is one person full time able to do it?

Speaker 1  26:22
One and a half. Make the time and I would happen

Speaker 2  26:28
if what where do you believe it would be if you would do every transaction manually, the credit and the debit, and then you know, checking the work and finding the mistakes.

Speaker 1  26:46
And be more than double that last part is the scary part for me, because there are things that I still miss in EBMs. Even though no one is needing to know all of the accounting principles at hand to enter the there are still things that I find to go, No, this wasn't supposed to go here. I can't imagine if it was, you know, I'm just talking the wrong GL account or, you know, generally just that the wrong GL account. I mean, if we just do times five, that's one and a half people's times five plus me probably working 80 hours of work.

Matthias Miller  27:42
So how much of this is automatic blanket imports? And how much of this is so within EBMs now due to debits and credits get automatically assigned based on vendor?

Speaker 1  27:55
Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I know I just on whether it's the invoice, a sales invoice, or of expense and invoice, I just enter what GL I want the line items to go to, and it does what it needs to do in the background. Dave actually asked me to bring some examples. And I was covered in calls today. And I had about 30 minutes and I was like, I can do that. And I just stared blankly because I don't know where the automation is. It's nowhere that I can locate to say, Oh, here's a breakdown of what happens it just is like the guy in Oz behind the big curtain.

Matthias Miller  28:38
So then, so then when you get when you get an invoice, you've got somebody who's entering the invoice into the system and then are you are you the one going through the invoice and categorizing those and assigning those

Unknown Speaker  28:52
know that and yeah

Matthias Miller  29:03
let me check something here. So is the primary concern

Matthias Miller  30:35
Alright, so bill comes in you enter all the line items and you tie it out to whatever expense account it needs to be tied out to right

Matthias Miller  30:50
you guys get a bill and you put in the vendor Yep. And you put in entries for each of the line items

Unknown Speaker  31:00
Sure yeah asset account I want to pay it out

Matthias Miller  31:15
so this makes you actually understand my chart of accounts we have

Matthias Miller  31:39
Okay, so current process for creating a bill is date, due date, payee amount Accounts Payable account your continue creates the bill it automatically balances the transaction I don't know why it picks this one doesn't make sense to me. But this is where you would start

Matthias Miller  32:20
you would you would start breaking it down into

Matthias Miller  32:28
into detail

Unknown Speaker  32:39
are you screen sharing?

Matthias Miller  32:40
I am screen sharing. So then

Speaker 2  32:44
oh, because yeah, good. Sorry.

Matthias Miller  32:48
We're showing Kristen here. So then this is how you enter anything. Yeah. Yeah, recorder and so these would translate into these would translate to line items. You would save it and then let's see we got any bills in the in the system. And then and then at whatever point that it's paid, you would record you would record a payment, it would ask for the payment amount where it gets paid from the accounts payable account. And I'm not sure if that Accounts Payable account gets defaulted or not. I could check into that should get defaulted to the same Accounts Payable account you hit continue and it creates a payment transaction that you can then immediately save and those transactions get linked together

Speaker 1  33:56
so it is telling you initially what it thinks should be the debit and what should be the credit.

Matthias Miller  34:03
Yes. Okay. If it's helpful we can add some visual

Matthias Miller  34:24
indicators here.

Speaker 1  34:27
So you tell it the amount you told the vendor, the date, you go next, and then it tells you okay, here's your debit and credit.

Unknown Speaker  34:39
And you can break that out. Okay, and you have it set to it's any vendor invoice. We're just talking expense invoices right now, right? Any expense should automatically come in crediting that GL Account crediting and then debiting Oh, that's payable.

Matthias Miller  35:35
It would be debiting the payables No wait,

Unknown Speaker  35:42
yeah, you're showing the credit for the payables

Matthias Miller  35:48
Yes, yeah. Right You're right

Unknown Speaker  36:02
as a liability so we're increasing the liability and then we're debiting also increasing the expenses and then when we go on pay it we just flipped a liability and decrease our asset which is whatever account we used to pay cash checking

Speaker 1  36:45
and these are just for expensive Is there any other well material but I think you said we're not really going there yet. Correct. What other expenses could act differently? Are there

Matthias Miller  37:04
any well I mean, if you have something on auto pay you might not enter a bill for it you might just enter the transaction for directly

Matthias Miller  37:18
well, although even Yeah, right

Speaker 1  37:32
that makes sense. I'm trying to think if there's something that acts differently as an expense that's evading you but I don't think there is because an expense is an expense it should be the same debit and credit

Speaker 1  37:56
so it's not that they're going to have to remember what ones are credit enrollments or debit the system seems to already pre populate what it thinks should happen

Matthias Miller  38:04
correct. And I think we could make this slightly better or slightly easier for them if we would not I don't understand why this is getting populated I think that one should just remain blank because

Unknown Speaker  38:19
oh forces selection

Matthias Miller  38:22
forces selection.

Unknown Speaker  39:22
Okay, I sent a screenshot to mark so they can at least see what we're looking at. What else we may be entering What about labor

Matthias Miller  39:54
so labor With labor not okay, first of all, you have the payroll module, at some point we're talking about

Matthias Miller  40:16
at some point we should be talking about integration with the payroll module. In the short term, we're saying we're not going to automatically create transactions based on results in the payroll module, but we could but in that case, you would simply when you create your bill, you would simply go through for each employee select the employee name and the payroll amount and instead of choosing an expense GL, you would choose your FDI production labor and your FGI production overhead split.

Speaker 1  41:04
And do what do we want these all to go into this accrued Accounts Payable account? Is that

Matthias Miller  41:16
versus when

Speaker 1  41:18
I'm not sure, I'm just asking you a very general question. Payroll payable or

Matthias Miller  41:29
we presume if you've got any kind of approval process then presumably you're going to want that now if there is no approval process well, I don't know. I think probably although

Matthias Miller  41:54
technically, you might not have to

Speaker 1  41:58
or what if we're buying something that we haven't gotten in yet, but we technically want that to go to some kind of pre payments I guess that'll be

Matthias Miller  42:10
we need to talk through how I mean because we already have all of those things getting tracked through vendor invoices and assist right now or is there another process for tracking this those are all vendor invoices think I think the good news with vendor invoices is that a lot of that a lot of the stuff with vendor invoices can be let's just do this and and then you guys use inventory adjustments to indicate what's been received.

Speaker 1  43:02
No, I like what you have there ordered received, I can receive and save and it'll break out what already received and leave a Pio with what's still remaining. So it'll split the if I say I ordered 100 of something at $6 Each and I receive 10 It'll break that $60.10 items off that invoice off that purchase order and create the invoice and then it'll leave me a purchase order that I'm still missing 90 items at $6 each.

Matthias Miller  43:36
Right so when you when you see so how do you want the purchase orders hitting? Presumably we went wait we do have that is there other transactions nevermind. Okay, so I mean that Okay, so the short answer is with vendor invoices, we can automate all of this we think through a little bit of the process. I mean presumably when you have a purchase order, then you're you're putting money down towards something that you expect to receive and then when you do receive it, then you may need to adjust you know what you thought you were going to have to pay are going to receive and what you actually did receive so this would go into a Is it like a pre payments account but it would go into

Unknown Speaker  44:39
yes

Matthias Miller  44:46
and does that does that give could do you guys pay at the point of creating the purchase order

Speaker 1  44:55
three vendors some of them want you to pay like when they ship it that ship save some money to pay when you receive it some way to pay when you put the PIO and when you submit the PIO.

Matthias Miller  45:08
You need it to hit the books before you make it make the first payment or receive it, whichever comes first.

Speaker 1  45:17
Do I need one to hit the box? The total? Oh yeah. I'm not totally sure. I imagined that would go to Accounts Payable until I paid and it turned into a prepayment think

Unknown Speaker  45:43
Okay

Matthias Miller  45:50
sure. So you would have it would go from accounts payable. So when you create the PIO it immediately hits his accounts payable, then when you get the invoice that it goes into pre payments. And then when you receive the material, it goes from pre payments to finished goods, it will into raw materials or whatever, it wherever it needs to go. And we then reconcile. But and then if do they then issue a credit for if if there's if you didn't receive

Speaker 1  46:43
once I know what they're actually shipping. I'll update my invoice to show the correct unless it is different all right. But take this all with a heavy dose of I'm also not an accountant. I'm just telling you what I see happening in EBMs. Yes, where are your business comes in in this whole scenario.

Matthias Miller  47:18
Yep. Okay, so here's the short answer. I think. I think we have 90% of what we need for your expenses. Not not counting POS. Maybe more I don't know, maybe not? Do you think so

Unknown Speaker  47:50
I want to say yes.

Matthias Miller  48:06
Now the piece that we don't have is the automatic transactions to get that we get tied out with vendor with POS and vendor invoices. Which however

Matthias Miller  48:41
whether we went with DBMS, whether we did or we went with assist accounting.

Matthias Miller  48:51
As it stands now, if inventory management isn't one system, and accounting isn't a separate system, you either have to come up with automated transactions to push back and forth. And you know, to push these back and forth and we'd have to manually enter them. So I don't think there's

Speaker 2  49:14
it is actually not a fair comparison, we're comparing apples to oranges, when we're saying EBMs is this because EBMs is only one system

Speaker 1  49:29
I mean, it's talking about the expense part of it is is fair as long as really eating out materials. Raw materials. Yeah. You're right.

Matthias Miller  49:47
So then, so we do need to spend raw materials. We do need to design out raw material handling. I don't think it's anywhere close to as bad as what we just came through. but those are also very famous last words. So the thing I tell people repeatedly, is I just got an email, somebody sent me a referral for somebody who's working on a software project. And they said, the project isn't going fast enough, we're gonna hire another developer make it go faster. Well, here's the problem with software projects. If you're waiting to solve these issues, until you've got developers working on it, you're going to about five or 10x cost that you know the cost of actually solving these problems. So the good news is that every painstaking hour that we spend here saves us I say easily 1010 hours, probably even more than that, on the on the backside of it. So there's the there's the good news. Okay, that's the silver lining.

Matthias Miller  51:04
The other piece that remains is what about was also sales order automation. Which I mean, the nice thing about that is, that's actually pretty straightforward. I mean, we can have a stripe, I don't know exactly how you guys want to do it, but a stripe AR account, and then just sort of stripe, some kind of stripe acid account. And then just take settlements, just create transactions for the settlements into checking. And maybe some of that could eventually be automated as well. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  51:46
I don't know what other types of income activity needs to be recorded.

Speaker 1  52:02
And we'll have those broken up based on what type of income they are. With one Stripe account. That's okay. Right below to say, Okay, well, this invoice is wholesale. So that needs to go to the wholesale sales account, and this invoice was retail that needs to go to the retail sales count and whatnot.

Matthias Miller  52:21
Yeah, we'll have to figure that Yes.

Speaker 3  52:28
So Messiah is listening in. And it sounds to me like in order to automate within, let's say, assist accounting, we would need to get this is a question would we need to tie in? Like upfront may before we, I mean, as a step to automate with both the sales platform that Josh currently has built in assist, and also the accounts payable there verification system that we're using on receiving raw materials? Alright, I know that's a loaded question or broad question. The How familiar are you with both of those systems? To what level? We're using them at this point?

Matthias Miller  53:25
Sales Orders I'm extremely familiar with and good news is, most things are simple. I mean, you know, sale happens on on delivery. I mean, some of this actually gets tied out to the building. Some of this could actually be integrated with the building record automation. Because we both we can look

Unknown Speaker  53:55
at Go ahead,

Matthias Miller  53:57
because we could, we can set rules that, you know, what are the down payments if the down payments prior to delivery? I don't know like from the billing record, we could look at in silver and look at payments that have been applied to the sales order and manually enable handling any adjustments to the income accounts. And so I think sales order is from a programming standpoint could be solved automatically, just from that standpoint.

Speaker 3  54:36
Then what about the, like, the accounts payable? That the part that we're using now to basically verify that yes, we've received this product and yes, the invoice matches with purchase order we've created for it. Then, I mean, at this point where just handing it off to Whitney then to our bookkeeper to then pay that invoice based off the information rather than, like we had been open, rather than sending her a stack of invoices we're sending her. Or here's what we wanted to have paid today, here's all the information it's if you haven't dug into that a lot. It is what it is, or I mean, that's completely fine. But it sounds to me like to automate, you would need to tie in with that portion as well.

Matthias Miller  55:48
Yes. And I'm not deeply familiar with it. I don't think it's terribly complex. But I really haven't had reason to stick my nose over into that part of the system. much at all.

Speaker 3  56:00
Make sense? But, but in order to automate, we have to tie that together. Basically, like explain on sales order side or the revenue, the income side, right?

Matthias Miller  56:19
Yes, and I don't know how to use data, there's also good

Speaker 3  56:24
because on on receiving material that leads there's also activity history and a series of events.

Unknown Speaker  56:35
What we have on building records on a per building, we have that on a lot of items purchased and received. Well,

Speaker 3  57:00
keep going. I didn't mean to try and hijack this discussion at all. I was just up until now, I had been thinking that initially accounting and sales order processing, the accounts payable process would need to run as disconnected systems. But it seems to me like to automate. You need to tie those together.

Speaker 1  57:33
Yeah, I guess I was. So that is the intent to tie these together. One we're ready to run. For now, that'll be done.

Matthias Miller  57:47
Well, I was told that it was an optional, that that tie in was optional. Okay, not mandatory for January 1. Gotcha. But not mandatory. Now. We can revisit that.

Speaker 1  58:01
So the All In One Hood under one hood isn't quite on the initial onset of the project, that'll be later

Matthias Miller  58:16
marketing day was it? Was it also your understanding?

Speaker 2  58:21
I had to take a an emergency call for about three minutes. So I got the last part of it. We're talking about tying something together and not tying it together. What exactly are we tying or not tying?

Matthias Miller  58:40
Tying Okay, so sales orders can be automatically tied into the accounting system using the building record reconciliation that we already have. And we can use that to tie out wholesale buildings and create all the rules that we need to make sure that these get tied out appropriately to the appropriate income income accounts. No problem. What we're talking about is vendor is P 's purchase orders and vendor invoices tying in automatically into the accounting system. My thought had been that the minimum requirements for January 1 is basically the equivalent of what do we need to do to get to that there are no integration requirements, or automation requirements. He says we've discussed for January 1, and that January 1, we could manually enter vendor invoices. Meaning that we could manually enter vendor vendor invoices and purchase orders. But that we would like to have some of those things automated by January 1 If possible now, and that's what I was checking to see if that's that aligned with what you owe.

Speaker 2  59:54
And so what I think I think a compliment Trouble is what were is it like account payable module and financials? Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:14
Yes, it is.

Speaker 2  1:00:17
I don't know much about the the the accounts payable module. So I mean, it's not it's not integrated now obviously. But I don't know.

Speaker 3  1:00:28
But I, I think that most of the a lot of the automation rather than all of the manual data entry, a lot of the only, the best way to get a lot of this automation in place is to integrate the accounts payable system with the accounting system. out the gate because we're the accounts payable system tracks, it already has a, a form of purchase orders matching those up with vendor invoices, confirming that we receive product, it has

Unknown Speaker  1:01:19
all of those steps already in that process and being used. So it seems to me like if we we're trying to choose between leave the short term leave the two disconnected and do a lot of manual entry on the accounting system or do we tie the two together? So that much more of those processes are automated?

Speaker 2  1:02:02
My question on tie the two together is is how automated would it be? Like if it can be fully automated? I think it'd be fabulous if it would be somewhat automated. Well, okay, would that mean that when something inventory gets received at a shop, would automation then mean that we would be automatically debiting assets and crediting liabilities and then when we actually go to pay it we would automatically be be

Unknown Speaker  1:02:53
whatever crediting liabilities in no debiting liabilities and crediting assets like that. I guess I'm not quite sure what what does automation look like? or tying them together rather?

Matthias Miller  1:03:22
Can we is this getting too deep in the weeds to talk through what actually should happen to the financials with purchase orders, invoices in receipt?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:34
Probably.

Matthias Miller  1:03:38
So, when you first enter a purchase order what happens

Speaker 2  1:03:52
nothing happens to the financial we just have a purchase order and we need to be able to have a list of them. We need to be able to put in a an estimated an ETA and well actually, mark you can talk into that a lot better than I can what does happen now with purchase orders in accounts payable

Speaker 3  1:04:20
anything so we're talking about IMS within assists, right? Yes. So the purchase order okay. The steps our vendor sees that he needs more. Or sorry, the shop sees that they're they've reached the reorder level on black paint from Sherwin Williams so they scan their card, their Kanban cart goes to assist. Assist recognizes our great to purchase order Ben said to Sherwin Williams Sherwin Williams looks at email clicks the link responds to it and with an ETA and then that sends in an order confirmation to job and it gets fun on delivery part. I'm using an easy example obviously. So typically the next day Sherwin shows up with the paint the shop receives the pain pills or order confirmation on the file marks their box that says I've received product as ordered in good exactly as ordered since to assist us this says oh, you've received product ID creates a SKU lot in inventory adds it to inventory and comes off of their delivery port. And then these details I don't know in depth but it's it then on the accounts payable side it Mabel and Burkholder is office now has this this item noticed that this purchase order has been received and she also gets the invoice from Sherwin Williams and then matches the two out and if the amount, the invoice matches the purchase order or is relatively close then she marks that invoice as what the status is but basically we've learned that we've received product and the price on the invoice matches the purchase order and it then gets that report gets sent to district manager once a week and he looks through those says a double check and says in March what he wants to pay and which of the invoices that he wants to pay then that's all updated in assist and then Whitney comes in to assist and looks at this list of invoices that are only the list of invoices that have been

Unknown Speaker  1:07:23
approved for her to pay and easy invoice and that's pretty much it right now it doesn't affect or hit the accounting software until

Speaker 3  1:07:51
we're using QuickBooks and Whitney or QuickBooks don't know anything about it until he goes to pay the invoice but what I'm thinking oh, I think is all of these steps that are already happening like purchase order created. Product received invoice received, I think a lot of those steps simply need to be integrated into the accounting system in order to I think doing that would would greatly automate process versus what we had been talking about earlier about doing all of that manually.

Matthias Miller  1:08:53
So really purchase it becomes

Speaker 2  1:08:55
a I was gonna say the point that that financials get involved here could be one of two things. One is when the product arrives into inventory or two, when we pay for the product in the event that we put ever the two comes first. We pay for it but even if

Matthias Miller  1:09:17
you pay for it first you'll still have a vendor invoice Right? Or no?

Speaker 2  1:09:27
Yes, yeah, we would. But it would be at that point it would be it would still be an asset. But instead of being the raw materials, it would be a prepayment right

Matthias Miller  1:09:52
so any payment before delivery goes to repayment delivery adjusts raw materials payment after delivery gets moved into

Speaker 2  1:10:26
well if it if it gets delivered first and then we're putting it into assets and creating a liability like it becomes a we debit pre payments and we credit accounts payable and liabilities and then when we pay it we credit no we debit no we credit decking which will be acid and we debit accounts payable right

Matthias Miller  1:11:19
the only three counts are

Speaker 2  1:11:24
good well things like this are our way I think it would be really really really really really helpful to automate this there's just a little bit of complexity because it's not like it's always one way we don't always receive product first and then pay it

Matthias Miller  1:11:52
the model that I proposed would actually work really well here and just applying it to the vendor invoice instead of playing it to the building record

Matthias Miller  1:12:11
assuming vendor assuming that vendor invoices do they always get paid out of the same account does that vary?

Speaker 2  1:12:25
I mean technically they could be paid out of of checking or they could be paid out of petty cash or they could be paid out of credit card

Unknown Speaker  1:12:34
okay

Speaker 2  1:12:39
or yes they could be paid as a line of credit though we rarely do that.

Matthias Miller  1:12:44
Could they be paid in or are they there's sometimes paid with multiple payments right yeah, you can be a wire yes yeah the checking account let's still have a checking account yeah

Speaker 1  1:13:03
there's one that's what made me think of it sometimes we have to do like

Matthias Miller  1:13:20
yeah okay all right well

Matthias Miller  1:13:57
vendor invoice currently doesn't have any we have payment type

Matthias Miller  1:14:10
we don't we're not actually tracking payment amounts. So the vendor invoice would have to start tracking we'd have to Well, I don't know that we'd have to start tracking on the payment we could track No.

Matthias Miller  1:14:58
If we did the same type of reconciliation for process then you could reassign Oh, I don't know okay well there's two ways you could do this one if you would track specific payments or you would track three payments as Bill you know similarly to what we do bills you track I mean it's it's probably more for Christians benefit but but if basically for pre payments you would you would create a

Matthias Miller  1:15:40
create prepayment records accounting accounting transactions and then have a

Matthias Miller  1:16:20
I don't know I kind of go both ways on this

Matthias Miller  1:16:38
the greatest amount of flexibility would be to do something like we're doing the billing record and that would just the the one challenge with that is that if you have payments coming out of multiple accounts, or different vendors getting paid

Matthias Miller  1:17:03
we'd have to think through how to handle varying asset accounts

Matthias Miller  1:17:18
the other way to think of this is this is actually closer right? The only parts of this that are automatic

Matthias Miller  1:17:43
when you finalize an invoice it would

Matthias Miller  1:17:56
then create let me see if I can break this. Sorry, I annoy my wife sometimes with my start thoughts, my mouth stops and my brain keeps going. So apologies. That's fine. On a vendor invoice, you can create any number of transactions or pre payments. Now, technical details we need to figure out how to identify those transactions mean there'll be tagged to the vendor invoice we need to identify them and street payments but

Matthias Miller  1:18:43
and then you also need to have I think what could work really well is to have a process by which you say this has been confirmed. And at the moment that it's confirmed. You freeze the vendor invoice or whatever we do now and you increase the inventory adjustment and you create a bill less that that adjusts the prepayments adjust the AR sorry adjust AP and includes all of the breakdowns based on each of the line items in the in the vendor invoice and then the process for paying a bill is the same as the process. The process for paying a vendor invoice is the same as paying any other bill so

Speaker 3  1:19:53
But wouldn't you right now the moment that product is received that that we sent our confirmation to assist it adds it into inventory Wouldn't that also be an automated event where it would it would immediately increase your assets inventory and maybe that's what you were saying I'm just going to use the example of $100 of paint so we say we receive the $100 worth of paint and it increases our immediately increases immediately and automatically increases our inventory by $100. And at the same time because we haven't paid it yet it increases accounts payable by $100 for that invoice or wouldn't wouldn't when that step happened prior to like in a typical scenario is place a purchase order received the product placed the purchase order two days later received the product and six days later you pay the invoice if we

Speaker 3  1:21:22
would those be automated? Would that be an automated step as well? Or could it or should it I guess where it increases the inventory automatically when product is received

Matthias Miller  1:21:40
yes it should be a miss it but then after you receive it you may say no no I didn't actually receive 20 gallons of paint they receive 15 Is that right how often do you

Speaker 3  1:21:59
do no no it's it's it's seldom that that happens because they have on their confirmations they have if something's not right, they didn't receive everything they were supposed to then mark that mark a different box and it goes to the what Josh calls is just the execute and somebody needs to go in and make a manual adjustment okay man good

Matthias Miller  1:22:27
so I think when when inventory is received we would we would zero out No Yeah, we would we would zero out any previous pre payments, create adjustments for the inventory and put the balance towards towards AP and then the final step would be when it's approved

Matthias Miller  1:23:04
then we might still have a process for paying approved then

Matthias Miller  1:23:18
it's not a payment process for approved vendors sorry, we would still have it the process for

Matthias Miller  1:23:39
think we would simply tweak the process then for marking a vendor invoices paid that would create a guess it really depends to you on you, Kristen. Would you want when it is when it's approved for payment would you want it to automatically create a bill that goes in with the rest of the bills as something to be paid? linked back to the vendor invoice

Speaker 1  1:24:04
Yeah. Right now with EBMs once an invoice, vendor invoice or expensive invoices processed, it automatically pops up in the vendor payments tab and I can go into and just see all vendor payments that are unpaid right now. And bonus points I can also check a little box that says also show purchase orders and it will show me all the purchase orders I have opened that still could possibly need a payment. Got it.

Speaker 2  1:24:42
When you when you when you refer to a bill Mathias. What is that is that's not the actual invoice coming from the vendor.

Matthias Miller  1:24:52
No, a bill is an entry in the accounting system. It's basically an accounting transaction. That's a special kind of accounting transaction that is a is a debit of of expense, credit of Accounts Payable that says that basically any kind of transaction that goes into accounts payable should probably be a bill because it lets us then it then links the actual payment transaction back to the original expense transaction. And that's all that I mean.

Speaker 2  1:25:32
So in said in another way, we're creating a fake game place inside our accounting system to then match up with the actual one that Apple fasteners sins that kind of sorta, right.

Matthias Miller  1:25:54
Yeah, kinda sort of, it's not actually the same level of detail because an invoice it's sort of more like a accounting entry, but yeah. I understand. So I'm gonna say because Because of this, there are very distinct steps in the process. Number one, so delivery is received, and payment is approved. Those are the two key critical moments in a vendor invoices lifetime, we need to be able to enter pre payments, before inventory is received. And then when inventory is received, we create that transaction that ties us out to accounts payable. And

Matthias Miller  1:26:46
actually, how is that going to work though?

Matthias Miller  1:26:53
Because really, when inventory is received, that's when it should be flagged as accounts payable, it's just that you don't want to pay the bill until you get approval for it. Right.

Speaker 1  1:27:07
Right. Yeah, I can receive items and then they just that turns it from a purchase order into an invoice and what shows up in the vendor payments tab.

Matthias Miller  1:27:20
But in this case, okay. When you receive inventory, it's going to show up on the balance sheet as accounts payable. But we don't actually want to process the bill until the district manager signs off on it.

Speaker 3  1:27:40
Correct but it? I think it should be Accounts Payable even. The only thing missing is, is the data entry, the person the bookkeeper hasn't verified that amount against what was on the purchase order. And the district manager hasn't signed off on it. I mean, it could be one or both of those steps are still missing. The only thing that could be the only Robins he would be of vendor invoices is the amount is too high or too low, which would then be flagged at either one or one of those processes.

Speaker 1  1:28:29
I would assume that no one would send me notification that we've received inventory if the district manager hadn't already signed off on it though, right? Wouldn't that I wouldn't be operating under the assumption that anything coming in that says this is received that someone of the I don't know. company level appropriate company level would have said yeah, this is actually correct.

Speaker 2  1:29:03
I don't know if Mark is still on here or not. But it's actually not like that's two separate processes receiving it is one process. And then there is a report that goes out that somebody at each district looks over and says okay, let's pay this and this and this and this. But let's not pay this one yet. Oh, yeah, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:33
That I understand.

Matthias Miller  1:29:37
And is that process applied just to vendor invoices, or is that process applied to say any bills over X amount or

Speaker 3  1:29:48
anything like that, I'm gonna have to drop here. It's, it's applied currently. Well, so North Carolina hasn't gone live with yet they're close, please but the It currently it's being applied for affordable Lauren company and she had time for anything other than we're not doing credit card payments yet or Jake's written out

Unknown Speaker  1:30:14
at top and handed to me bribe or whatever. But those two which I'm going to explore maybe 15% of, of the invoices that are being paid. But yeah, it's being used for things like phone bills, utilities by appreciation, not just raw materials.

Speaker 2  1:30:53
Sure. What is the difference between a vendor invoice and a bill? Like I thought they were the same thing? Is the vendor invoice if we're paying raw materials and a bill and everything else?

Speaker 1  1:31:15
And even your most vendor invoice is anything including materials including phone bill, including anything really any accounts payable?

Speaker 2  1:31:32
So Matthias, your question earlier, I don't quite understand. Do we use this debate? Anything or just Mandarin voices?

Matthias Miller  1:31:44
I had missed the fact that it's pretty it's used for everything. What do i Hey, there it was Mark. I'm so Heartland voices,

Speaker 1  1:31:59
they don't approve the you don't need a district manager to approve what was received, but they just gave us and they're just checking off what bills they want to be paid this week. Or what? What bills they approved to be paid this week? Not necessarily. Wait, you can't turn that into an invoice. You can't turn that purchase order into an invoice. Yeah, because they didn't approve of the amount of buckets of paint we ordered or whatnot, right. So

Speaker 2  1:32:37
the main thing that I haven't, go ahead, go ahead. Amazing I haven't heard about much here is that just takes a cue, like, all of a sudden, we realized that we thought we had received 29 buckets of paint. But we just got done counting and we only got 27 and then I'm understanding somebody runs comes in and fixes something. Is that going to then update the financials and like we're gonna see a little a little change, you know, credits and debits happening here and there because somebody did it just fix it? Or is that something that's oftentimes going to fall through the cracks? Or how does that work? In a perfect world?

Unknown Speaker  1:33:28
That's a good question.

Speaker 2  1:33:32
The perfect world appeal and what we receive is always the same as what we get build. But I think we need a way to handle discrepancies between those three because

Speaker 1  1:33:44
Sure. So the BMS if I said, Oh, I received 200 boxes of these copper screws today. And then Jesse called and said, Hey, actually, we only received 190, I would be able to unprocessed that invoice, which would do the opposite debits and credits it had initially done and then I'd be able to edit so that bounces back to zero. And then I'd edit down to received 190. Of course, you probably asked Are they shipping as 10 more or not? In which case I would switch my ordered to 190 if they weren't actually shipping as 10 more and I would adjust my total price at the bottom of the invoice then I would reprocess it which would then bounce the new numbers out into the system. I'll be debit credit or inventory dollars.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:40
Yeah. Which, how would we? I guess I'm not sure on how your invoices close or

Speaker 1  1:34:56
when when Do the debits and credits happen with an assistant voice? And can we get them to unhappen?

Matthias Miller  1:35:17
Yeah, I think we could

Matthias Miller  1:35:27
think we could we could automatically do that when inventories received that you make adjustments. Reply basically what you're suggesting. The one question I would have as well with this is what happens when the invoice amount is too high or too low? Do you do the same thing you go back in and? And you say, no, these the paint was? Or whatever it was was three hours ago, you know, $3 a gallon, it shouldn't be $3.05 or $4? Or it should be 10. It should be seven or whatever the made up numbers are? Yeah, heavy. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:36:09
Yeah, that just happened with glue. We thought the vendor amount is going to be 875. And it was 775. So the PIO came in and they said, Hey, we received this but red flag. But it's not actually what we thought was going to cost. So we had to go update the item first. Because that's how everything is linked through the items with the BMS and then refresh the purchase order to reflect that, and then receive it. But same thing, had already received it out of had to unprocessed, go update the item, update the sales order, purchase order, and then process it again to switch it back to an outstanding invoice or unpaid invoice depending on if we hopefully we didn't pay it or any because then I'd have to do some kind of there'd be some kind of refund her or something.

Matthias Miller  1:37:15
Well, I would like to propose I mean, I think I think we're making progress on this. It feels a little bit like there's still some running around going on. But I think I think I think you need to get some details from Josh as far as how these things are currently working assessed. And from there, we can make some more intelligent decisions about how how this stuff actually needs to be tied up. Gives you a question about bills versus vendor invoices, I didn't realize that vendor invoices are used to set ways they are pretty much for everything. So in that case, a bill really isn't that meaningful, we'll probably end up replicating some of the automation that we have for bills on vendor invoices instead. Or we'll Well, I'm not sure yet. We're gonna have to have some some discussion on how we want to approach this handle it certainly getting clear on the requirements, I'm not sure about the exact road to get there

Unknown Speaker  1:38:24
looking at a big picture, it sounds like that it sounds like it's doable. I mean, I mean, it sounds like we're not pivoting and running after EBMs quickly here instead or

Speaker 2  1:38:44
I think the past few Christian both have a much better feel for what happened today than I do.

Speaker 1  1:38:53
Yeah. I think so. I mean, no, not in your head, but I see where he was clicking and what was changing and what the options are. So it's not quite as scary as I was actually thinking of going for Halloween as a manual double entry accounting

Unknown Speaker  1:39:23
that cost you

Unknown Speaker  1:39:25
I don't know, but gives me nightmares.

Matthias Miller  1:39:29
Well, if there's blood, I'm sure it's from paper cuts. That's fine. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna see if I can get some focused on that to wrap my head around more of this stuff. I think that's gonna be the most productive path forward at this point gave I would I would concur. I think this is well within the doable spectrum. And certainly, certainly not I'm not looking at this and saying, Oh hey, we could there's no way we can pull this off and it would be half as expensive to go switch to EBMs. We're nowhere in that in that arena

Speaker 2  1:40:21
so at this point, we regroup Monday and if you need something between our manual reach out

Matthias Miller  1:40:28
that is correct. Good

Matthias Miller  1:40:37
good. Good. Awesome. Appreciate it. Thanks, guys.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:42
You


Transcribed by https://otter.ai