Unknown Speaker  00:00
Good morning

Unknown Speaker  00:07
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:11
Hey, good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:17
Morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:18
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:22
How are you doing this morning?

Unknown Speaker  00:25
I'm doing okay you. Huh?

Speaker 1  00:29
I had a little good morning or something? Yeah. Hey, Ronaldo. Good morning. Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:41
How's life in Brazil?

Speaker 1  00:44
Doing well without a voice? I've been under the weather since Friday night in lost all my Brazilian redneck voice

Speaker 2  00:53
sound almost like I did on Sunday. So probably the same thing.

Speaker 1  01:00
Well, the there'll be soon I've been, I've been taking some medication. So it's good. I'm excited for all the meals this morning Marisa you rock in order to hear more stuff about it. It's awesome.

Speaker 3  01:15
An exciting theme. I took a call from the Sandman on Saturdays. And believe it or not, I was actually working on renovating our kitchen and I saw him call and I was like, Oh, I did. He's gonna close it. And share it off the bed. So

Unknown Speaker  01:30
that was pretty cool. It's awesome.

Speaker 2  01:37
Wow, you're saying he called in the morning and literally closed that day?

Unknown Speaker  01:43
Yeah, so we had

Speaker 3  01:43
been discussing throughout the week, the size he wanted and the color and I think his father was maybe helping him with some of the purchase, financing it potentially getting back to me and we talked on Friday. But he just had this one issue. I guess he was like wanting to ask his dad about so when he called Saturday, I figured he probably had his answer. And then it would either be a closed Deal or No Deal and

Unknown Speaker  02:15
oh, good luck

Speaker 2  02:16
there. That was a that was a really good when we guess usually there's a takeaway out of every sale, and the one I took out of that was instilling trust in Him. Because it's not normal that people will do, you know, $2,000 down in an RTO. So somehow instilling trust was a great signal in that one strong signal.

Speaker 3  02:41
Yes, I agree. And I even mentioned to him, I mentioned in the email, he had such a bad experience previously, just kind of really took time to walk him through the process post sales and talking with our logistics team and how they'll call him work with the weather and you know, if he's getting a driver in North Carolina, you don't might be Randall might be Keshawn and just letting them know like what quality people they are and how they'll make sure that everything goes smoothly for him. So it really is my video that we know what we're doing. And have a plan so certainly help.

Unknown Speaker  03:18
That's quite amazing.

Speaker 2  03:20
I think I've heard a couple more things coming in. Kelvin and Marcus, you on the call.

Speaker 4  03:28
Kelvins here. I'm actually in the lot out here helping a customer so I'll be listening in. may not be able to talk much.

Speaker 2  03:38
Sure. Okay. Good. And let's see Marcus. You're on the call

Speaker 2  03:49
like we're probably still missing Marcus. I think that's the only one we're missing. Like, you've probably seen in the little email going out Matthias has caught sounds like some bug. I don't know this is the same one that Ronaldo caught in Brazil or not, but he's probably not going to be able to be in the corner, unfortunately this morning. So instead, he's going to see if he can come in late with what's going on they're trying to

Unknown Speaker  04:18
recuperate with So

Speaker 3  04:24
can I ask a really quick question to the team. Oh, okay. I received about 28 leads over the weekend. I believe I had clocked out on Friday and then when I checked late on Sunday night, I thought all these leads, it appeared like I had not clocked out so I wanted to get some feedback team. Do you need leads and if so I will start and even disbursement of those. Does that seem like a mistake?

Speaker 5  04:58
Yes, it is where So I had about so you already know, so feel free to shoot some over to me. I'm not sure what everyone else has but had about five sitting there.

Speaker 3  05:11
Okay, ginger, do you have any or I want to make sure to try to disperse as evenly as I can.

Speaker 6  05:18
Mine did that over the weekend. I think I got about six or seven. So it it does whatever you need help with. I guess it's fine with me.

Speaker 3  05:27
Sure. All right. Well, it sounds like I had too many. So all we'll divide it by the five of us that taking into consideration that you guys found that you already have between five and seven routes in their basket. Okay. Thanks, Michael. Sorry to start with

Speaker 2  05:46
good, no, anytime. And I did notice that the leads last week were like exceptional. And the weekend was really strong. So excited to see that. And hopefully it's an image of what of what's coming, the interest levels coming as we get edge up closer to the tax season. So lots of lots of good bait to put out there and lots of good fish to be fishing with this week. So excited. It was strong.

Unknown Speaker  06:21
Okay, Marcus, have you been able to join? Don't think, Ronaldo, can you should send him a quick little X? See if he's gonna be able to be on the call this morning?

Speaker 1  06:36
Sure, let me do it. And I'd say online and gearing up.

Speaker 2  06:42
Okay. And while we do that, why don't we? Why don't we just dive in and get started. About seven minutes in here, and we can just circle around on I know, on the first little point that we've got down for winds of the weekend. Obviously a big one was lyricists. That was a big, a great big one. Anyway, the elves have a win that they had over the weekend, Friday or Saturday that would be worth talking about.

Speaker 2  07:21
And if not, it sounds like we had a great one. With Morris's and probably more common today. Let's move on to the shared dimensions terminology thing. So a little change coming to the terminology of the shared dimension page or link there that we brought on to Resource Center notion. So if you'll see down there in the shed dimensions, we had some feedback that it may be just a little bit confusing there some of the terminology down there. This terminology was brought on prior to the Groupon configuration when Groupon was born, the pricing style we called margin pricing was brought on where you can select your size, select your styles, like the exterior, so like, basically select what you want. And just build your own shed in the way and style you want. So, previously to that the terminology was a little bit different. And was similar to what you see as in the shed dimensions down there mentioned like as the cottage of India Deluxe, the painted smart barn, etcetera, etcetera. And the crossover is a little confusing for somebody that was not involved in those previous terminology. So I've worked with Alan and he is in the process, but in check this morning through change it or not, but he's in the process, if they're not changed already, to change that over to terminology that reflects or mimics what we are actually showing like an assist. So it will be something more aligned. So any questions in that at all in the show dimension. So if you click on the Share dimensions page, and then you're looking for specifically, the different models, they will be more aligned with what you're seeing as you build shed. So any questions on that on that change comment?

Unknown Speaker  09:31
Does that all make sense?

Speaker 3  09:40
I'm trying to make sure I understand that where the changes are out there on those sheds and membership. documents that were uploaded to notion is that right? That is correct. Okay, and they're going to correspond in language back to the Configurator the D portal

Speaker 2  10:02
it will. So when you click on the Share dimensions, you have the drop downs of the different models there that is where the terminology is going to change so instead of calling it a painted Deluxe that will no longer be called painted Deluxe. It will be called something more like a these shared smart side shed tall wall with overhangs something more similar like that, if that makes any sense. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  10:40
Yeah, no thank you for sending something inadvertently.

Speaker 3  10:53
Has anyone used those downloads yet? I had one opportunity to but I wasn't sure. Oh, yeah, I did. Nice.

Speaker 6  11:03
I had to. I was glad that it was right there easy to get to.

Unknown Speaker  11:13
Good. Any other questions on that?

Unknown Speaker  11:20
Oh, go ahead, Marissa.

Speaker 6  11:22
No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's okay. I heard the little driveway deeper. And I was trying to figure out who it was. And it's just actually Randall bring in a lot building stuff.

Speaker 5  11:32
Okay. Michael, I noticed that they all say vinyl on building series. Does that actually apply to all the sidings the dimensions?

Unknown Speaker  11:47
You're saying? So

Unknown Speaker  11:54
I'm sorry, I'm trying to make sure I understand.

Speaker 5  11:56
Okay. I was just saying, on the pictures. When you go into the engineer drawings, that section, it looks like it says vinyl, there's just one category. They all say vinyl, instead of like the different siding. So I was wondering if vinyl if those dimensions apply to all the sidings? Does that make sense what I'm saying

Speaker 2  12:21
so in the in the drop down where it then has all the different models? That's where it's stating that?

Speaker 5  12:29
Well, it has it looks like it just has like eight whites and why 12 wide, and then a taller walls? Well, 14 wide and a taller walls. But it's all under vinyl. So I was a little confused on that part.

Speaker 2  12:45
You just sent me a snapshot of that. Yeah. understand exactly what we're talking about. If there's something we need to update, absolutely, I can easily do that. Just want to make sure I understand that before we

Unknown Speaker  12:55
take it okay, I'll send a screenshot

Speaker 2  13:03
and that is in the shed dementia is not in the engineer drawings. Right.

Speaker 5  13:08
So okay, maybe I'm missing that. The Shed dimension section. Well, let me go. Because it is under engineered drawings. So I'm going to the wrong section. If you select

Speaker 2  13:25
this particular discussion that surrounds only the shed dimensions, which would be different than the engineer drawing, okay.

Speaker 4  13:38
Hey, Michael Gaynor up just a second. Sure. I need to jump off here and make a phone call real quick to a customer. I'll

Unknown Speaker  13:46
be right back. Sure, no problem. All right. Thanks.

Unknown Speaker  13:51
Okay, I see it here. Michael. Sorry about that.

Speaker 2  13:56
Yeah, so the shed dimensions are only you know, the measurements for the sheds, they're not the engineer drawings that are stamped and sealed, just showing you all the different specific length heights. Okay, so that's what we were talking about is down in the shed dimensions the drop down below that once you once you select that, where it calls out all the different models that are gonna make the changes to

Unknown Speaker  14:19
Okay, got it? Got it.

Speaker 6  14:23
Are we going to teach Henry that too? When I send out that I call Henry said did you saw the deluxe or unlike did not know what you're talking about.

Speaker 2  14:37
As part of that thing, I guess, it's hard to teach an old dog new tricks. So that was back in, you know, the ingrained thing and used to sell shirts under the old terminology and he's got both in his head.

Speaker 6  14:54
I know when he when he starts talking to me like that. It's 10 Or I really don't know what you're talking about. I felt a 10 by exceed smart siding what? It's like, Oh, okay. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  15:08
Funny. All right.

Speaker 2  15:11
So there's no other questions on that. We'll keep moving. So there was has been a couple questions already. Maybe that's where we're good there. Just wanted to make sure there's no additional questions we should cover for the weekend writers that are that came up anything specifically that that you should discuss or questions

Speaker 3  15:39
I think this might be worth noting, I know Michael, you and I had a conversation late on Friday about the discount for vinyl, and I wanted to share it just to make sure it was universal for everyone, we had a great opportunity to potentially change a client's wooden shed to a vinyl structure. And for this month, of course, we're offering that upgrade free of charge because of the material surplus. However, one thing I did not take into account was the roofline of how if it was a barn roofline, it would require overhangs on a biannual building. So that cost and didn't really make sense for the customer to switch. But just wanted to make, you know, the rest of the team aware, we were taking the price of the wooden building, and then, you know, just changing it and creating a discount if it was upgraded to vinyl, but all the other parameters that have to match. And so the building, Michael helped me kind of walk through that door options are different on vinyl versus wood, we wouldn't changing those prices. So it's just an added details and conversation. If you're kind of pitching the vinyl. Just be cautious on what other maybe additions are required on a vinyl building. And just so they're aware of those. Right.

Speaker 2  17:07
Yeah, real good point. Marissa, that is something that is potentially right, well, it is relevant. And if it is a shared just like Marissa said, it's easy to swap it out the only other change that you would cease, you will be changing the doors to fiberglass, which are a little bit more expensive. So that would be the only little more additional cost you would see the vinyl cladding on the exterior will not be that would be a free of charge. Whatever the vinyl upgrade is, that's what the customer would be getting as a free promotional this month. Like Marissa said, vinyl barns the barn style. Vinyl does require to have overhangs. So just an FYI there, those two things, the fiberglass door upgrade will have to happen and the ring option if it's a modern style

Speaker 2  18:07
any other questions or comments on that? If not, let's move on. So, really good. I would say another win this morning is my little review this morning of year to date sales, two point sales. All combined for 2023. So far, we've had a strong start to the year. So January was was substantially stronger than normal, I would say in the past. So really excited there. And we obviously the goals are much lower for January and February than they are in May, April, May and June just because typically is really slow. So despite all of that has been calculated based on history, but so stronger than what history told us where it should usually only sort of be so really excited about that and wanted to, you know, share the moment with the theme. And and it's I think it's just a strong, a strong message that we have the right people on board we have good from support from you and you're doing working hard and doing a great job. So appreciate that, that wanted to share the moment and then also take just take a moment and maybe gain some feedback from you as team members that have been working with customers on your perspective of some of maybe an attribute from each of you, that has attributed to the great sales you know, in January. So what would be a or one thing that has helped you make as possible or has been The greatest help for hitting these greater numbers in January from your perspective. So yeah, I'd love to hear from each of you just and a perspective, maybe helped us understand what we did right?

Speaker 2  20:23
I would say any buddy Feel free, and it doesn't matter what order of, you know, going first or whatever. But as you are inspired, I'd love to hear.

Speaker 7  20:34
Good morning, everybody. I've been listening. I don't know why I'm abundant in this meeting started. But in regard to your question, like, I know, one thing that really helped us here in South Boston was this. And people were distracted by after the first of the year for some reason. There's another you know, good thing, the discount did really helps out in January.

Unknown Speaker  21:06
Okay, feedback.

Speaker 6  21:10
I can agree with that the 10% or the 10.5. That was a big, that was a big hit here, because the other guy across the street is offering that too. So they felt like they could get a really good deal for the quality they were getting from us. You know, things are and right now I'm dealing with a lot of people that have different types of projects. So it's been interesting trying for the communication, it takes a lot of communication with them to make sure that you know, they understand that we can get everything in order. And that takes time before they can just close. So I've got a lot of irons in the fire at the moment.

Unknown Speaker  21:59
Myself awesome.

Speaker 2  22:09
Seems like if we can learn from stay like keep a pulse on as we go through the year of what we're doing right, what we're doing wrong, we can stay ahead of this curve seems like we're we have a really good advantage at this point, if we're ahead of the curve. And if we can keep keep a pulse of what's working, and then keep pushing in the right direction, we can sort of stay ahead of that curve instead of doing the right thing to think ahead of the curve versus waiting until

Unknown Speaker  22:48
we get well, I guess, backing up,

Unknown Speaker  22:51
we don't want to rest on our laurels. Just because we're ahead of the curve.

Unknown Speaker  22:59
Any more feedback.

Speaker 3  23:03
I would say the speed in which a customer can receive a building was a good, good health to have the buildings that I sold, we had one for Darryl Richardson and then when for sure I'm working and there will actually did not have a discount applied to this building because he wasn't aware of it. And he was more so looking for something right away because he wanted it to crack into a big project as soon as the good weather hit. And he needed storage space to like basically empty out the house that he was renovating. So he was really impressed that we could get it to him. I don't know whom he had spoken with outside of us. But that was an issue like he said I need it this month, or by the end of this month. And likewise for Shreya she does have the 10% discount applied to her sale but she was also interested in getting it before spring so that she can be ready for spring. So I think that's also a testament as well like just the operational side of having fast turnaround times for the buildings that are so

Speaker 2  24:10
good feedback, I would say most companies their thrust for quick deliveries surrounds of law, which is pretty common. And with the the two bills have been pretty tight on on timeframes as well, too, I think we did maybe have just a little of an edge on that. So good feedback. What else

Speaker 5  24:41
I was also going to say that the discount was really helpful. I had a guy that had just closed on his home so he wanted to save a little money and that was that was important to him. And then I had another guy that was remodeling and the discount was important to him as well. And also one of the customers being able to walk on a lot I feel like that really instilled a level of trust to make him want to go ahead and move forward, he saw the great quality that we offer. And that helped as well. So it's nice being able to, you know, send customers to the lot in, you know, now that is more collaborative. I know that will happen a lot more so.

Speaker 2  25:21
Good. Good feedback. Agree. So having these locations spread out in more of a collaborative approach? I think this could this could increase that opportunity. And to the point of speed being of essence as well. You know, awful lot. capabilities, sales, you know, now, for all Virginia, more capabilities of having actual really quick deliveries.

Unknown Speaker  25:56
I think that's that's big too. So.

Unknown Speaker  26:00
Good feedback. Kelvin. Are you

Unknown Speaker  26:05
back are still still with customer?

Unknown Speaker  26:09
No, I'm back. Yeah, I've been listening.

Unknown Speaker  26:14
Any feedback for us?

Speaker 4  26:17
Yeah, pretty much the same thing. Yeah. I think for January the discount that was huge. And that's what really generated sales here.

Unknown Speaker  26:30
All right, well, good.

Speaker 2  26:34
appreciate all the feedback is very helpful. So that pretty much concludes what I had for this morning. And I think you were on Calvin and Marcus, I think you may have been on as well, just confirming, did you get the message of Marisa talking about the leads? She's going to be distributing some additional leads this morning from the weekend. Were you on when she was talking about that?

Speaker 4  27:03
I just heard bits and pieces of that I was a little distracted going in and out of the office here.

Speaker 2  27:10
Briefly, can you just take one more minute and circle back on that one, just to make sure that it's clear?

Speaker 3  27:16
Yes, I had almost 30 leads that I walked into this morning. So I'm going to be sending at least a handful of those, everybody so that they're more evenly distributed. I know Victoria and ginger. Both said they had between five and seven already. So I won't overwhelm anyone. But I'll just want to make sure that they were kind of more fairly distributed. So if you're looking at your leads, you may just want to refresh your screens. email alert for the lead won't send you that already came in. So you'll have to look purely at the opportunities list. And when it's fresh in that list for you.

Speaker 2  28:01
So Kelvin and Marcos. How many leads are you showing this morning? That you had gotten over the weekend? Was it like in the five to seven range as well?

Speaker 7  28:14
I personally have not received any this morning yet. Except once. It was a straight lead that came in on my email by the name of Carla. And I think it was a Facebook lead. But other than that I have not received anything on the CRM. Okay.

Speaker 2  28:30
So over the weekend, Saturday after Saturday, late Saturday afternoon, you didn't receive any

Speaker 7  28:40
last week. The last lead i i received on Saturday was at 7pm. And I actually yeah, all those that was the one for Karla all the others I took care of before I left Saturday, so everything was covered.

Speaker 2  28:59
So coming in while I was that Marissa, you said the ones that will be coming in those will be dropping straight into the CRM from you. Yeah, that's my understanding

Speaker 3  29:07
of how it works. If you go there now Kelvin there should be five to six new leads in the news are Michael Carlos. David lessons. I don't know if you have access to look at them just to make sure they came over Are we all okay, are we all using the same CRM for all Assist is the new thing new Trello and there were other things that we all converted over not?

Unknown Speaker  29:42
They are so everybody is on the rim at this point.

Speaker 3  29:46
Okay, gotcha. Thank you for confirming those came through Calvin. Marcus. I believe I have not yet assigned any to but I am working on that right now.

Unknown Speaker  29:59
That's Aren't you need? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  30:04
You should see those show up in your CRM,

Unknown Speaker  30:07
too. Well, okay,

Speaker 2  30:10
good. Yeah. Well, I was saying earlier last week was an exceptional week for leads really, really strong throughout the week, and especially towards the weekend. It was just really, really strong. So excited to see the uptick there. And hopefully, it continues and is a symbol of what's coming for the rush season this spring so good. Any other last questions or comments before we adjourn?

Speaker 2  30:44
Appreciate the call. Hope everyone has a great week. And if you need us, give us a shout.

Unknown Speaker  30:49
Thanks, Michael. Have a great Monday, everyone.

Unknown Speaker  30:53
Thank you guys.

Unknown Speaker  30:54
Have a good day. Bye Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai