Speaker 1  00:59
Okay, good afternoon. How are you? Good. I'm gonna put my blue blockers because I spend a lot of time on the screen so I was like, how come he doesn't let me speak and but I guess the machine had to tell me got it got it first before I should know what the Zoom I do but I guess I'm a little bit of rubble you know, it's like not a date my way interested. So So you look like, you look like one of my favorite comedian Jerry Seinfeld is like interviewing payment payment processing expert in cars.

Matthias Miller  01:41
That's awesome. Yeah, it was between I took most of the day off today and was in between stops and was okay, we just

Speaker 1  01:51
look to, to actually make a dance into your day off to talk business. I appreciate.

Unknown Speaker  01:58
Really glad to do it.

Speaker 1  02:00
I mean, I won't take too much of your time, or as much time as you want to get me out was talking to Kevin not to prepare this carpet because we have a Monday call where we we shoot ideas with most of the time has nothing to do with business as more with personal growth. And and when he say that, I said, Oh, by the way, Kevin, I'm talking to matches this afternoon. I said great. He said, I don't feel shy to share certain things. Or maybe I save you time because already told already told him all my ugly story and happy ending. Yes, that is true. Well, it's also it's a one way it's good. So it's already gave me time. But no, I cannot toot my own horn. But sometimes it's better when it's somebody else who does it for you. So yeah, the you know, the the thing is that when you're not been working hard, it's like since January, I started payment processing in January 4 2007. And 16 years ago, and I come from a five star hospitality background. So you see two opposite word. And just because I've always been an entrepreneur was representing chains of hotels, luxury one, mainly, and one that bought over by a real estate investment trust, and it was 2007. And it was the beginning of the financial crisis. They want to do things they could not so they, they they sold all the author's and we were like, oh shit with missing clients. And at that time, somebody said, why don't you come into doing payment processing? And I say, Look, I'm a classy guy. I do fine. And I like it's like, what you're telling me is that I'm wearing stylish thrown by Jennifer Aniston for my wife. And suddenly, you say, well, she dumped you. But don't worry. My sister in law will have a wooden leg, a glass eye and bold. She's a loving person. So why don't you come? And I say, I don't think so. I'm the I'm not that desperate. And the person say, Yeah, but you know, there is so much money to be made. It's sort of a bunch of crook in that business. And so I finally end up falling in love with the wooden leg woman and the glass. And, and I realized it's a vanilla business commoditize business and so the only way I could stand apart, I tried to be bright and then I say don't need to be bright. You need to be just straight and simple. And so realize most people don't want to be educated because their passion is not critical processing their business and and other people don't want to educate them so they can keep them ignorant and screwed. And so, so So I said, You know what I have to, I have to come and, and just, you know, stand apart because the rates are the rate. So we can always share the points here and there. But the interchange that Visa and MasterCard give is the same, the only difference is that I don't have the same overhead as a chase, JP Morgan Chase, but I have the same rate to start with. And, and, and so, so let me be, and I realize most of our clients, most of our clients come from Chase Wells Fargo Elavon, which is what I called the category of clients where the provider are too big to care. And because I have one I'd like recently a guy I met through a Dan Kennedy event was marketing event. And because I'm always been interested by marketing, so 2008, I met and then he's doing a marketing, SEO or kind of marketing just for lawyers. And he was with Chase era, it's all good. It's all good. It's all good. Until he won all the ugly, I had to take care of his father. And he didn't was there for two months, I don't know, they sent him a letter, he didn't send the financial entire, they start to ask for reserve and this and that. And he was paste. And I said, Well, nobody thought about calling you they send an email. And that's it. So that's why I called the category to be to care. And then, and then I have the other category, which is too easy to see it coming, which is the stripe and PayPal of this word is like at the beginning, you doing let's say most of the time, you do let you do like between 102 100,000 a year. So why bother with a conventional merchant account? It's a pain. I mean, you gotta get the check. And it gives. So I go online, I just tried, I have the illusion of a great rate, because it's a fixed rate. Everybody has the illusion that when you have one rate, here's the great rate. And then no reporting, because they don't do reporting. So you have no clue which is you, you you transactional profile you you card mix, like do you have more reward cards, you have more corporate, because depending on the type of card you use, where the pricing model can change now, I had three points something plus 25 cents, and that. And in the end, we know that actually it's not three point, but it's 3.54 4.5. The effective merchant does contract with many things if you divide the sales by the fees. So all these people is really the two type of clients really, most of the time we deal with and I told them, you know, at the beginning, understand, go with tribe cards, some cards, Shopify is great. But then as you grow, it's almost like, you know, like the, what I call the golden N curve. It's at the beginning. It's great one stop shop. It's easy. No problem. I don't have to worry. And then it's like, well, I'd like to have I know we don't do that. I know you you are gross, but you have no choice. You got to stay in that little box. Just just a squeeze. And so I have client like this, like a guy from Utah. It was two weeks ago. I talked to him a year ago. It's fine. It's almost, you know, like, you're on the lake Euro. Let's say would you like to get on my boat? No, no, it's okay. I'm on the yacht. And then six yards, six months later, they're like, can I get on your boat? And so it's like a jet guys guys like that with Shopify as it should be done with stripe and this and that. And I say, look, it's important to have a shopping cart, but try to have an agnostic shopping cart, whether it's me or somebody else. So then you can grow you can scale. And so we we I, you know, I told Kevin, people who don't know me sing, maybe I'm a kind of, where's that goofy pony candidate character? Because I always say, You know what, what really gives me a kick the most really the most is like, I have no cape of no mask. But if I can be a superhero for business owners, because I'm a business owner myself, so I know what it is. You know, I'm not like, wow, you know what? I'm the director of business development. And if I can take the place of the Vice President, I get to have a bonus or bigger boat. No, it's my company. I deal with banker that I had to educate because 99.9% of our clients are supposedly risk client. Why? Because it's future delivery like travel or client not present like business online. So we don't do too much we have couple of brick and mortars because we have no choice people referred, we're not gonna turn them down. So, but mostly it's online. And the biggest challenge that I see our clients have is pay the rates, but the rate, most of the time is the tip of the iceberg. Most of the time is that nobody understand what we do, how we do it, how we grab the clients. So then we have to have, how do I call that, you know, like, like, not long ago had problem with internet at home at problem we enter the home. And so we make a technician come and he said, well, the pest technician what he did, there was a squirrel who eat the little thing. And so it just took too, and it just made the note instead of replacing, well, sometimes payment processing is that where you know, I have this system, or have this and how you can interface Yeah, we'll do it. And then so they patch it. So it's like one interface with another. And if you look from the outside is look like oh man, they're really created a kind of a pain of disconnect situation like you see is too complicated, I cannot change. I have to stay with them. I don't like it, I have to stay. So I always tell people the day you want to leave me is to reason and you get bowled over by somebody want to stick with the time with their system or be added some something wrong. So you gotta tell me if it's a, let's try to convince a new owner. If it's B, let me learn from my mistake. But I have to stay in the in the 16 years

Speaker 1  11:46
that we're there, we have approximately between 0.5 to a little less than 1% attrition rate. And in our industry, most of the annual attrition rate is like sorry, 35% not because it's not like the mafia. You know, once you get in you cannot get out. No, it's not that is that you which we take care of our clients, the people I have selected to work with me whether they own my team, or their partner like the bankers because you need them to underwrite a car. I have two seats. I want them. Don't tell me seeing that the audience because it aggravates me like oh, it's a risk merchant, Oh, looky loo. And second, you get to be obsessed. You get to be obsessed by customer satisfaction. I have some people waving at me, I have my red and min priest is like either I didn't even ask to do that. We had like a toll free regular thing, but it's no work on Sundays. And it didn't tell me it kind of transferred to his cell phone. So Kevin told me that once he called him weekend, he's like, What were you doing? Chris is like, Man, I hate when people follow the voicemail on a Sunday. Yeah, but you get the rest. Yeah, you know, I know. Sometimes it's urgent. So I can go in the dashboard and see what's going on. So it's like, okay, so I guess I don't work on Sunday. And I never get to work on Saturday, except a really, really pizza. But he pushed it to the CIO. So that's why we have like the high tech meeting, the high touch, you know, it's really like my, my five star hospitality background, I guess has been transparent, kind of a DNA contaminating everybody in the team. Like, we gotta be five star, even if it's a transactional, ugly, dirty business. And we've got people, this is what visa is gonna make, this is what we're gonna make. So you're not pissed at us knowing that 80% Or two visa, so don't be PSRS. And this is what you make, because we don't make much but it's a volume driven. It's not an all you can eat buffet, like, screw you for a year, and then I gotta starve. No, it's like a Mediterranean diet. We competitive because we want to keep the client for long. So if the rate is fair, if the treatment is respectful, if the the technology called support makes sense, because it's like, we understand what, what people say, Why should I go somewhere else? I mean, it's better than talking to a chatbot at stripe who, who says, How do you quote my answer? Well, I don't know. You have an answer the question. So So when when, when Kevin told me, Well, you know, match has worked with a lot of businesses, you know, that encounter this challenges? And I say, Well, I mean, I don't want to, I don't want to brag, but I mean, we don't have the budget for advertising or chase. So we rely a lot on referrals. And also we don't need to have 1.5 million plan to pay for all the salaries. It's so. So the thing is that I say, You know what? Everybody tells me each time they talk to me even when I go to presentation, they say, How can we be so fired up about such a boring business? And I, and I said, Well, you got it. But you're missing a point, the business is totally boring. But what gets me really fired up is that I can save the day for an entrepreneur, entrepreneur, or the one who's gonna save the nation. I'm a business entrepreneur, I'm not the one who's gonna have to better says in case on top and refer clients, but what I can do is that make sure that they keep, first they can access the money, which is important and be they can keep most of the money, and they can do in a way was almost limitless or totally seamless where they don't have to bother, you know, it's okay. It's like, the client comes in and goes on my website, click, click that collect the money. I don't have to pay 50%. It's his whole back. And then I have to wait three weeks, and then I don't know what it goes, where's the fun? So I say no, we people work so hard to make it up in the days they have a successful marketing campaign. That's not the day you want to say, Well, too bad. I'm keeping him on. So, so so that's why Kevin said you got to talk to matches that actually, is he said, I gotta do a post. And he said, I can tell that it's a time ticking bomb to work with, with, uh, with with stripe, and I say, You know what? You're right. But if you put it like this, you may have the legal team of stripe calling you. Because it could be considered as realistic slendering. So so so he said, Okay, so let me phrase it another way. I promise I won't I say, Well, I wish you could say that. So then I said, Well, I didn't say Kevin said it. So not my lawyers getting cold. But then I'd say Kevin, your friend, I cannot let you do that. I mean, you do that? Because you say every kid the best kept secret was no longer too much of a secret. But I mean, you great people get to know. So I gotta put so I say, Well, don't put them ticking bomb, even if it's true. So I said, Okay, let me put it like this. So when you put the thing in, say, well, man has reached out to me, I gotta talk to him. And I say, Well, I mean, if you think that I can help matches and is at once. And also, the See, I know that people don't do it for the just for the money. But we I always tell Kevin, that also, we have an incentive program, like we understand that people are going to refer people because they're all proud ambassador and some of the people do. I'm an integrator for business. If I refer you, I'd like to have a piece of it. So I say I'm open to all kinds of scenario. You know, Kevin, is like, I'm very open, very transparent. So. So that's why you say, well, he I know, I know, you can do integration. I know you're competitive in rates. And I told the matches, just as maybe has to hit from you. He has questions. So because I've been blabbing nonstop, and you've been kind enough to listen to me to my contagious enthusiasm. I got to shut up and let you speak. If you have question. I should have done that first. And I'm sorry.

Matthias Miller  18:36
So good. Understand. I do have I do have a hard stop at the top of the hour here. I think my you know, all that Kevin prepped me for all that all, if that makes sense. Dangerous strike makes sense. One of my Facebook friends had about 100 grand of funds locked up in stripe. And fortunately, because he had enough friends in the space, he was able to get it unlocked. So I'm very familiar with that. I think I think the business owner and I share similar concerns about about stripe, business owner probably more my client probably more from the fees standpoint, I think the biggest person to convince in this case is really the technical lead who's responsible for integration, I think having some information about how I mean maybe maybe this is completely contingent upon, you know, who ends up being the best best provider for, you know, for my clients, etc. But having having information on what API integration would look like. Working with with you. I think that's probably one of the biggest questions that I've got.

Speaker 1  19:49
A typical question, can I can send you information about that we we will see. You don't have to take notes but we we will use one of the strongest gateway in the industry is going to certify an AMI, which would become like tier one partner with them. And they're the one was really, in terms of API are the one who were the best when it comes to make sure that the merchant account and the system of the merchant speak the same language in a seamless way. Because I've seen all kinds of situation. And so far, there was never one because you know, everybody has a specific system, are these our three infusion syrup with? No, I work with a WooCommerce. So I work with diesel, we have our own homemade, whatever. And each time, it's like, I'm not, I'm the one who may coordinate the top of the tech conversation, but the team will talk with the other tech people. And each time is like, yeah, okay, no problem. This, you know, it's not like, here is my wrong peg, and you have to fit it into my triangle, you know, well, too bad. just force yourself, you know, it's never like this, you know, so, so definitively, I can send you info about that. But I can tell you, the best thing is, sometimes, you know, like, I have a friend who does a breathing, and he says, I can talk to you an hour about breathing, or we can do some exercise. So you know, what's busy? And I think that with any string attached, at some point, if a client of yours want to say, well, we don't promise we go with you, but we have the challenge with thinking about changing. And this is this is it, what would you do? And we say, well, this is what we do, then it can also give them ID because I can give you all the kinds of scenarios in the API library, and you can watch, and they can be reassured. But the only way you know, it's like, you can have a nice website, and screw people. Or you can have a nice website and not screw people. Or you can have no website and not screw people. What's important is like, people look for legitimacy. So it's normal that they want to see your IP library, but most important that, can you do it. So in the first step, if you want, we can send you information. And second step, if you have a candidate with no strings attached, no commitment, just like to see, how are we going to do it? I mean, I had a fractional CFO from Pennsylvania, we'll call this refer by somebody else, who had a client who were a brick and mortar chief minister in ready reading, and Chico, Northern California. And she said that I'm not sure we're going to do but I'm going to be the one writing the process and show me and then it was like, oh, okay, no problem. So now I know how you do. So let's go so so I'm totally comfortable by first step, showing you this is how we do and second if you want to have what we call a test drive, or I mean, you're gonna test drive with the library but after it's like no problem. And I understand that the tech guy always like a the sales people tell you like all kinds of promise Evers easier, they'll be great. Everything's gonna work. And we all but yes, it's true. That is not like 100% right away, click, but it's never like, oh, man, it's a nightmare. And most all the time I see that it's like, one or two conversation and boom, so So really, I'm not worried. I wouldn't be worried if I started 16 weeks ago, but I'm not worried about the I'm not worried about the tech conversation. But I understand the tech worries, because they always confronted that situation until the mirrors. Yep.

Matthias Miller  23:44
And then I think the the second big piece that'd be looking at here is, you know, we're we're running the client is running up to a million in one location. Running three locations, a million in one, one location. And most of these are separate accounts, I think three quarter million in the second one and closer a quarter to half and a third location. So I'm going to ballpark guess that they're running about 2 million a year, which comes out to about 60 grand and Stripe fees. And I think one of the questions that we want to look at is, you know, if we're gonna save, you know, if we're only saving five grand in in credit card fees, well, there's got to be a compelling reason to make the switch. But you know, the conversation looks different if we start taking a look at saving 10 to 15 grand a year, and just having some kind of, you know, for me to go back to the client, I really am going to need some kind of I don't know that any definitive numbers, but just to kind of ballpark like what can what can we expect to see

Speaker 1  24:50
no problem understand, and are the secrets actually to fall at the beginning because how do they call that the The stripe has no no report some time, it's not even worse for us to do a account assessment, you know, like in typical, so because we they may, they may charge that, but you don't know what the fall. So at the beginning, because it's online, we certainly is not difficult to beat them and I'll see what's the saving hours. But after that, even if it's like five or 10, then later on, it's much more because once you know what kind of cards you use, you can adapt the pricing model, you can even go to depending on what type of billing it is, if it's the subscription model, if they're like repeat clients, you can introduce a recurring recurring factor, which decreased the interchange fee for the same card because the card has already been flagged. So as we go, we're not just like set it and forget it. As I said once, at the beginning, you may have like, a more conservative saving, but through the through the time, because it's not that we are like a nonprofit corporation, it's just that we know that there is a lot to be shaved on the visa with the touching of fee, because it's already small. So that's why I can find ways. And so people are always surprised. They said, normally you start with a rate and at the end, you pay more while we versus the country because now we know best. I have a team of monitors. So after the first quarter is like, Oh, we see that you cards are like this, like this. So we should fit here, we should this and so suddenly, the five or 10 become 15 or 20. You know, so it's like a two fold sometime at the beginning. You may have like, okay, it's interesting, not as much as I would suck, but then it could be way more. One last question before you go, this client of 2 million what kind of what what industry they are in.

Matthias Miller  26:50
They, they sell storage sheds, so they're collecting credit card payments on collecting down payment, typically, a few grand total average ticket price is about 7500. Some of those are rent to own with a third party processor, some of them are pay in cash. And so they might be running transactions anywhere from you know, on the down payment, it might be, I guess it might be as low as 502 grand. And on the upper end, it might be all the way up to 24 grand 3035 grand at the very upper limit.

Speaker 1  27:23
And so people declined go on the website, set their profile, put the credit card on and it's like they get billed.

Matthias Miller  27:31
It's all it's all over the phone currently over the phone. Okay.

Speaker 1  27:36
So so that when people call a toll free number they give the card and they enter it in the virtual terminal.

Matthias Miller  27:43
Some some is some is some is over the phone. Some is in person as well. They have some physical locations.

Speaker 1  27:50
So they're the machine to the terminal POS location.

Matthias Miller  27:54
Yeah, and I don't know exactly what number what percentage of that would be card president. I don't know if it's just making up numbers. I don't know if it's maybe half

Speaker 1  28:06
half of the nation and half of the people online on the phone.

Matthias Miller  28:13
Yeah, just making up guesses. I don't even know for sure. That's, that's a wild guess.

Speaker 1  28:18
Okay. No, no, but storage sets. Okay. And right now there was stripe? Oh, yeah. Okay. And how long have they been in business?

Matthias Miller  28:30
20 to 30 years, something like that.

Unknown Speaker  28:33
And the How long have they been with stripe?

Unknown Speaker  28:39
one two or three? I don't remember.

Speaker 1  28:41
Wow. So before they didn't knew they used to take cash on me before

Matthias Miller  28:48
they would have had some other credit card processor. We just switched to stripe for ease of integration

Speaker 1  28:54
for it. Yeah. It makes sense. And do they have a specific shopping cart? They use a specific system. Custom. Okay. Okay, good. Well,

Matthias Miller  29:05
we we use Python on the back end.

Speaker 1  29:08
Okay. So, let me let me let me let me run with that. Because always have to test also the the way we work is that we don't have you say that we don't mark up as a as a as a as a T one partner with our bags we always discuss okay, this is what you're going to charge the client and this is what we're gonna share. So what you get is what you would get with without us but because we hear you get that but I mean is no markup. So when I when I go back when I say let me go back is because I have an idea and I talked to my bank as I said, this is what you shared. Are you comfortable with it because you get it too. And but we got to be competitive. And as we share we got to because I want to make sure he knows like when you go to a A wedding reception hall you can negotiate, you know, say I want $150 The plane. So now I want $100. Okay, instead of give you prosciutto give me a random ham, you know, so so that's why I want to make sure that you know, like, now we get to copy the bread but we got a we got to do the approval not like I give you that but I take you this and find a blog and you know so so that's why but definitely I don't know work on so storage set to medium Okay, ritual does that. Okay, good. I'll get I will send you the already the info and then I don't know, I gonna do that or would you prefer me to send you the the tech info and then an idea of the the array the saving? What would you like are together?

Matthias Miller  30:52
It doesn't matter in which order you send them it might be simpler to send it all together so that I can.

Speaker 1  30:57
Okay, yeah. So you can bring it to the client. Okay. So no problem. So give me give me 24 hours, you know, so just because I don't know, the golfer already went to golf, the bank has went to go up. So I don't think that that time of the afternoon. But let me add for that. Definitely. You will have that before midweek. So I appreciate you. I appreciate your time, especially that it's your day off today. So and if there is any question, you have my cell phone at the back in the email, you have my email. In the meantime, the ball is in my court. And so normally I may not be I may or may not be the superstar of the Kansas chip but normally when the ball I tried to run and not drop it, you know? So

Unknown Speaker  31:49
understand. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  31:52
What should you know? It's not because your friends that you shouldn't be aware of at the Superbowl? Yeah, after all, I've been living here 33 years, you know, more American than French the French mentality when each time I talk to them, I guess it's because I'm in business. I take it as a compliment. Thank you much as did you have any other question before we? We we put aways for today. That's it. Well, thank you. Thank you very much again. Let me do my own work and I will be emailing you soon. Thank you again. Talk to you soon. Bye.

Unknown Speaker  32:31
Thanks. Bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai