Matthias Miller  00:01
So I'm absolutely fascinated by this idea of going to developer and saying, Look, you don't think that you know anything about management or business or how these things work, but you actually do. And I'm going to take you through a series of courses. There's going to be a foundational course. There's going to be a change management course there's all these things around directivity leading people, all those things and I'm going to translate these things into systems language that you already understand.

Matthias Miller  00:49
And as a result, you're going to you know, so here's the hook in the door for mobility for software engineers

Matthias Miller  01:06
and helping them get a promotion

Matthias Miller  01:18
that's interesting, because that introduces scalability. And the real hook is I am an I am a I am a software engineer. And I understand how systems work. And you can understand how systems work. Now, here's the problem that I don't know how to answer, which is if I explained to them how these things work, will they be able to apply that to their work? Because then there's a different problem. But I when I told them how systems work, then they do it from a very logical left brain perspective, and they'll take a right brain approach to it. Does that matter? That's even an issue. So why don't we take a left brain approach to then implement the restaurant approach? And then by the way, here's the next level. Now you're trying to take a left brain approach with your people. And so let's then get to the deeper issue of emotional intelligence. That's where he started talking about whole brain leadership. What happens if you do it on the other side? Well, there's a bajillion other people talking to two other business owners but there's no real close this level of affinity and depth of insight that we have here to these guys.

Matthias Miller  02:53
And isn't it interesting that except for Jay, but Mike and the softer guys are all attracted to me because they really liked how I think and talk.

Matthias Miller  03:11
And as these engineers who think I'm a really interesting person, like that's fascinating so then there's promote ability, the right maybe, then then then what's the what's the process? It's like, okay, here's the promoted early spark scorecard. And then by the way, like, what you need to do is you need to go get a time study. And in this time study, it's a $37 offer and a $7 offer includes a free five minute or 30 minute or five minute video where I give you some pointers on your results. And and then, what comes after that well, then the question is, how are you going to implement it? Well, you have this there's this tool. And there's this course that will help you implement it. And so there's all this training and knowledge that's built up inside the course. And then what comes next? Well, what comes next is this.

Matthias Miller  04:42
Is courses in my LMS. And we have transcripts and we can rerecord any three minute version just by rerunning the transcript.

Matthias Miller  05:00
So this whole thing comes together very organically and very piecemeal.

Matthias Miller  05:16
Then they work their way through the course and they've got a

Matthias Miller  05:30
then what's the next step? Well, because of the core sense the question of personalized coaching like let's roll this out in your department, or your know how, let me let me let's do a one hour workshop. And I'm going to give everybody this way of thinking and suddenly their life as you're gonna come on. And they have all these hours. We'll get him on the same page, and then we'll provide for some mentorship and support. And then there's the organization wide, where there's an executive advisory role. And then oh, by the way once you fix that, there's this other problem, which is how do you deal with emotional intelligence because you actually have to run over with people and by that time, we've got such a deep relationship. We've built this whole thing on left brain thinking that you know, that there's, you know, there you go. So I think the question is, do we don't have any proof that was Jay's idea? Any proof from from any developer that they would say yes to that?

Matthias Miller  07:19
Okay, so that's your approach now. What's the other approach? The other approach is you go to business and you say, look, here's your unfair advantage. People will tell you, people will tell you how to implement these systems and most of that people end up doing is just straight up. Copy and paste in these systems and other like, there's a copy pasted over here. This should work. All of those things. Well, here's the thing that nobody tells you. Nobody tells you that has these things don't work. Because your situation is different. And somebody somewhere just stumbled upon something and they figured out how to package it and how to sell it. And and then they try to get you get your foot in the door with that and it's like, no, that's not gonna work. So you can't fix it because you don't understand how to think about it. And so what you need to be doing is you need to be the person who is the one who knows how to think like this, because these systems and you stop trying to copy everybody else because everybody else's situation is different. And when you master the skill set, then you become the machine building machines. You're not a slave to some of these fancy checklists that nobody's you know, in the United States as developers, because you actually understand how this stuff works. You might not know the technical details, but you have an idea how this stuff works.

Matthias Miller  09:43
And then the pitch goes something like this. Most systems training sucks. And here's why. Because it's all about trying to copy and paste some other system from some other person. And that doesn't work.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai