Matthias Miller  00:10
Hello Hello how are you I'm doing sorry all things considered

Speaker 1  00:24
yeah sorry again to hear about your sister I saw your post about her this morning

Unknown Speaker  00:33
yeah

Unknown Speaker  00:38
are you able to hear me sufficiently well

Matthias Miller  00:42
it's really quiet but I think it might be

Unknown Speaker  00:46
quiet really I don't know what I don't know what that would be

Matthias Miller  00:49
here let me let me join with my let me dial in I think

Unknown Speaker  00:57
that's good Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  04:12
Hey hey hey not connect to audio

Unknown Speaker  04:24
Can you hear me now?

Matthias Miller  04:26
No I can.

Unknown Speaker  04:27
Oh, oh yeah, your audio is way better very much better. Cool All right. Let's dive in or

Matthias Miller  04:39
yeah I'm gonna need a few minutes to get find a place to get some Wi Fi but we can dive in until then.

Speaker 1  04:46
Okay, so and I'm actually still working through our shared Google document questions so you answered the main one which is that we really are going to shut everything off hard tonight and just as they A final double check, at some point along the way. game or two point has been warned that when we do that, like nobody's gonna turn him back on and have it be a very well, I mean, it's possible, but in my experience, it's very unlikely. And they know that

Matthias Miller  05:19
they have a nine page document that if they read they understand the pros and cons. I love that it's at some point. I'm just like, I'm done trying to advise them.

Speaker 1  05:32
Yes, sir. No, I got it. And I'm not pressuring you at all. I just wanted to make sure to cover the bases or whatever the right way, say that.

Matthias Miller  05:40
They might have forgotten, but they were informed.

Speaker 1  05:43
Their bases were very covered. Okay, awesome. So then the last thing that I really want, that has anything to do with them, and I'm not saying we have to get them on this call, but so I'm, yeah, I'm looking for clients. I'm working with some business coaches trying to get the ball rolling on a few things. And of course, everyone was like, where's your case studies, post your case studies on Facebook, whatever, which I have minimal confidence in that. But nonetheless, I would like to get some numbers from two point particularly on the revenue or increase in revenue that we generated for them during the entire time we were helping them. And, you know, I think we've talked before there's there's two or three levels of that there's the ones where we're absolutely dead, certain it was us because we have the GCL ID or Facebook, click ID. However, we didn't have that at the beginning. So then there's the broader picture. And then possibly even like, if there's a way to measure, I don't know what it would be but total uplift. So the difference in revenue during the time we worked with them versus the year before or anything like that. Yep. And so that that's probably the main Yeah, main thing, I'm after here this morning.

Matthias Miller  07:14
So I don't think by the way, I had a, this was kind of funny. We had her, you know, wrap up call this morning, and gave sent these questions. What did we do, right? What did we do wrong? What was confusing and what was missing? And Gabe got on the call and gave he hopped around, and he's like, Oh, we were trying to shoot for the moon and whatever. And he's like, Well, who else has something? And I was like, Well, I have like, a dozen things. And I rattled them all off. And like, you know, going through through them all, like a whole, you know, bullet it is probably it was more than a dozen. But, you know, I had probably a whole Google doc page full of, you know, answers and got to the end. And he's like, Well, that pretty much covers it. Yes, the Indiana owner Calvin, he's like, can you think of anything? And Calvin's? Like, I can't really think of anything else else besides didn't cover. Oh, my bag.

Unknown Speaker  08:19
I feel free. All right.

Matthias Miller  08:23
I mean, I feel like with the numbers, that we don't necessarily have to have to nail that down. Should I be getting that firm? I think the biggest question is probably permission from the client. Well say, here's what I collected. We know that we know, we know. And here's what we collected as far as names dispatching that. But would you be willing to provide us with an overall uplift in revenue of what of what we did

Speaker 1  09:16
your your audio unfortunately, sort of breaking up right as you got into the good stuff. So I think you're saying we need to ask for permission. And so this is stuff that I don't have access to at all. I mean, I have a few numbers and Google ads, but they're totally incomplete. Are you able? Are you able to get the numbers and then we can just ask for permission or whatever or do you have to ask them to get you the numbers.

Matthias Miller  09:43
I can get all the numbers except for the search for the upper left, okay.

Unknown Speaker  09:58
Okay,

Matthias Miller  10:00
So let me check something and let me see how much time I've got because I need to.

Speaker 1  10:05
We do not we do not have to collect it here on the call and I don't need to keep you tied up but just wanted to hit the nail on the head here for what I was looking for.

Matthias Miller  10:16
Maybe have just five minutes to log in and see what I could find. That's not quite enough I think we should get

Matthias Miller  10:38
let me see if

Matthias Miller  10:48
would you be willing to email Audra with your availability for tomorrow? And see if we can put together a 30 minute block. 30 minute block tip?

Speaker 1  11:00
Yes. Is she gonna answer today? Or will she answer in the morning?

Matthias Miller  11:06
Probably.

Speaker 1  11:11
No, but No, it'll work. I got a call it what have I got going on here? Yeah, it'll all be afternoon, but I'm emailing her right now. GRI sorry, Brock. Hi, Andre. Andre, it's

Unknown Speaker  11:51
like it too?

Speaker 1  12:19
Right. Got it, I'm done with that. Okay.

Matthias Miller  12:31
Well, I've got

Speaker 1  12:35
and the point is we'll pull numbers in, right? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  12:40
Okay, some of the numbers are going to be super easy, but then I don't.

Speaker 1  12:44
And they're not as far as you know, they're not gonna lock you out, like after midnight tonight or anything like that?

Matthias Miller  12:50
No, it's part of their No, they're not there. It's part of their back end system. Right. Okay.

Matthias Miller  13:09
Well, do you want to talk about that's all you have? Oh, one more thought on wrap up. This is one thing that one of the things that came out of our call this morning, it would have been helpful for them is above the line below the line of how things function above the line being what is the customer experience? How did he find out about it? What is the customer journey? And then it below the line? Which is what are all the technology pieces that are playing? And how do they interact? That gives the customer this experience?

Unknown Speaker  13:42
Interesting. Yep.

Matthias Miller  13:44
And if we want to go to the work of putting that together for them, that could be yet another feedback then.

Speaker 1  13:53
I like it in theory, I am so overloaded with tasks and trying to build everything from funnels, social media campaigns right now that I'm almost allergic to adding any other things to my list that don't immediately pay. Yep. I agree. It sounds great. If somebody can find the time for it, don't think that somebody's gonna be me in the next week or so.

Matthias Miller  14:19
Alright, so then do you want okay, so I am trying to find where I'm going to, you know, still working on replacing by chunk of revenue. Have some manufacturing companies but pipeline leaning towards the DevOps space, probably isn't exactly the fastest. Well, I don't know. Maybe it's not the fastest. It's a little crazy to be inventing a slightly varying offer on the fly like this, but anyway, What do you want to talk about? By the way, Gates's only complaint? Was that was how you price your services.

Speaker 1  15:15
Okay. And of course his sticker price is vastly different from both normal and and I don't even notice sticker prices. Right. So what else did he say about it? Like since since you touched on the topic, flush out some details for me. What did he say? It's like, unbearable way too high.

Matthias Miller  15:36
Yeah, it was it was basically he was like industry standard seems to be about around 20% of ad spend. And by the time we had everything said and done, we gave you generous abortion. I took a generous portion on top, I think we're probably close to 200% of ad spend. Management. 200 100%. Like one for one.

Speaker 1  16:01
I wonder one? Yeah. Yeah. And yes, that's outrageous for the industry, which is part of why we talked about pricing and trying to move your profit share over to some other label title or category. You just even even if it's just because because you and I see that. See, that's the thing. So Gabe is that's exactly what I suggested before games, these sticker, the line item, whatever we want to call it, and thinks, wow, they're really overcharging for media buying. But it wasn't really all about the media buying it was getting used some profit that helped cover I mean, profit for sure. Net profit, but also helped cover a million loose ends that you were doing playing, you know, manager and ops guy for all these little other things going on. Right? At least that's how I see it. Maybe you look at it differently, but that's how it came across to me.

Matthias Miller  16:54
Yeah. And there were like, I listed at one of the mistakes he made with me where

Unknown Speaker  17:01
audio broke up again. One of the mistakes was

Matthias Miller  17:07
wearing about seven hats.

Speaker 1  17:09
You wearing seven hats. I agree. I am not getting compensated for them under seven different hat categories.

Matthias Miller  17:17
Correct and not getting compensated under seven categories. Yep. Yep.

Speaker 1  17:24
And I'm just very I'm really curious how bad of a taste did that and I mean, specifically that how bad of a taste did that leave in your mouth for the whole experience? Like you just hate it and don't ever want to do it again? Or not a big deal. Just make sure we build for it correctly. Nice time are

Matthias Miller  17:40
the seven hats. Well, mentally, it was exhausting. And I started, I was burning out. Yeah, I figured. Yeah. So I mean, if I have a project manager to help me out, if I can be, but I can't play much more than strategist, cmo style role. Like actually doing tech implementation, like just jumping back from that back and forth from that was I don't know. It's just this feels like it's too much.

Speaker 1  18:17
Yeah. I would agree. I mean, I kind of experience it's a little bit weird, but I experienced this too. Like, when I'm doing tech stuff. If it's just tech stuff, it's fine. But when I switch to strategy or consulting, all of a sudden, I'm annoyed by the same tech work that I wouldn't care about if all I was doing was playing technician.

Matthias Miller  18:39
Yep. Yep. Yeah. And then explaining all this stuff to these guys this morning. I was like, I love this. Like they had this they claim they found a whole bucket full of leads that didn't make it to a salesperson. I was like, Well, that sounds fun marketing campaign. I have no idea what happened. I don't know.

Speaker 1  19:07
They're not going to tell you Okay, all right. Seems virtually impossible unless something just went really wrong with like the automation or something.

Matthias Miller  19:18
Well, I mean, it would have been in the back end CRM system or something. I don't know. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  19:34
All right. Well, I'm sorry, I'm taking a note give me one split second.

Speaker 1  19:54
Okay, so um, and then one last time and I'm not gonna keep bugging me about this. But what are your thoughts on trying to find another shared cloud? I actually before you answer that question, let me tell you a short story. So um, so my cash flow I, I am not trying to be dramatic, but if something doesn't change, I'm actually gonna go bankrupt before the end of September. Now I have a moderate amount of confidence that something will change. It's just getting from here to there. That's the difficult part. So in the meantime, I've put out some offers I've taken I've been talking to some leads and prospects. I've taken on a couple small jobs. And like, I'm totally chagrined, that I'm doing this to myself again, because already, the couple jobs that I've taken on are annoying me like it's busy work. I've been through this 100 times in the feast and famine cycle. I've got people who basically want me to work magic and beat some other ad manager, like performance wise. And I just hate this stuff I don't want to live life doing. It's like I have to be a magician or else right. And approvable that and Google ads in my world really doesn't work that way. They work, you turn them on, you get traffic, you do your research, you do copy, you do keywords, and you turn off what doesn't work. And like beyond that, I don't know maybe that guy exists out there somewhere, but I haven't found him yet. And it's certainly not me. So it does give me a little bit. I think, you know, I hate sales. I think you know, I'm an introvert, I'm actually very comfortable talking to you, but like this is as good as it gets everybody else in the world I'm much less comfortable talking to. And so it's kind of like, I cannot picture myself alone, going to the Shedd Expo and trying to meet people or calling random Amish people asking if they know somebody who owns a shed business. I'm not saying that I won't do it if that's what it takes to feed my family. But like the whole idea, this gives me a massive headache even imagining it. So with all that as the background, are you interested in trying to find another said company with me? Or is it just like enough is enough for now? Oh, and I didn't tell you all that to make you feel sorry for me your change your opinion, is literally telling you where I'm at.

Matthias Miller  22:28
Understand? Well, I think when you put me as a salesperson the problem that I'm facing is I'm I am. I don't mind talking to people, but probably. I am not highly exciting and highly excitable. Bottom line. I don't feel like I feel like if we're talking moderate salesperson, like do I not doing my due? Am I okay, giving a few making a few cold calls and seeing where things develop? I'd be open to that. Especially if it's like a dream 10 kind of a thing where, where we can find 10 different people that you know, we think we'd have a really good shot at landing. Or even if it's like, Let's go let me go pitch audits, to 20 different companies and see how many of them we can like how many audits we can do that when you

Speaker 1  23:41
say audits, are you talking about like what you described a year ago where you can like walk into a business and do a

Matthias Miller  23:48
analysis? I mean, I just mean you're straight up Google Ad Account.

Speaker 1  23:52
Just just okay. All right. Yep. That's fine. I'm good with either version of that.

Matthias Miller  24:00
But I think the question that I would have is do you have a good way to generate a prospect list of people that might be

Unknown Speaker  24:10
not not not an Amish lands? No, I don't

Matthias Miller  24:15
I figured I realized my cousin. So I don't know if you remember the Amish guy in New York that gave was talking about who's getting this 12 and a half percent deal a little bit this guy's married to my cousin

Unknown Speaker  24:31
Okay, so the guy that gave just hired

Matthias Miller  24:35
No, this is the guy this is another Amish shed builder who's who's got this other guy who's basically doing end to end sales and marketing for for these folks. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  24:58
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  25:04
And

Unknown Speaker  25:10
are you thinking he knows people or?

Matthias Miller  25:13
I don't? That's a random? I don't know. Yeah, I don't even know, right? Well, within the average space, how do we find these people? Well, I kind of think in order to find these people, you have to go outside the Amish space. Okay, like you can't sell to a market that you can't reach, right? Yeah. So it's either going to set Expo. Well, okay, I've got my nephew is somewhat rogue, but he's gonna be there, and he's a good salesperson. And my concern is I planted the idea in his head about doing marketing to these guys, and he's gonna want to spin up an agency. Okay.

Matthias Miller  26:00
But

Matthias Miller  26:17
so conceptually, am I dramatically opposed? No, I'm chasing all kinds of things that I think have a viability of working. But I still don't think that I'm the best guy to. I don't know.

Speaker 1  26:36
That's fine. And I don't want you doing or offering to do something you don't want to do because as I just described, I know how that goes. It doesn't end well. So let me ask you a related question. So when we went to you and I first connected, I was under the impression this might be all wrong, I was under the impression that you had a software company and that you had developed this email to fax software. That was how you got connected with truepoint in the first place. Did I like completely misunderstand that story? Or is there some truth to it?

Matthias Miller  27:09
There is some truth to it, except the truth is that we have native fax integration that got me connected to the company. But there is I know the guy, okay, it's nothing complicated. It's a little Python script or something running on a little raspberry pi somewhere. But I know the guy who put who who built it. And if we said, we're gonna go to market with this, and we're gonna start offering this as an email effects bridge elsewhere, to other Amish companies that might get us into, I mean, that might be a that might be a foot in the door to Amish companies. Well, and I'm not sure what the difference is between that versus like an I by fax, which is kind of like the standard email provider. But, you know, maybe there's, there's probably room in the market for another provider. Are you thinking of offering that as a entry level something,

Speaker 1  28:15
potentially. Because, sorry, I got 13 thoughts running through my head at the same time, let me see if I can get this out in a logical order. So we have services we want to sell, I'm helping all the services we want to sell, make money, like I do media buying, you do consulting, Dev offs, management, rev ops, whatever, whatever you want to call it. You also have your software business. And I just know that marketing, media buying Google ads, whatever you want to call it. And I don't know exactly how it is an Amish land, but in the rest of the world, it's really is honestly to the point where it's like, you just can't hardly sell Google ad services or even audits I mean, audits are still better than straight up services, but people just don't care like everybody's got a business been around for 20 years on the internet they've they've almost all got Google by now anyway, and we're down to the remnants leftover Right? Like that's where the market is at. Yeah, very well age long in the tooth and very far down the market sophistication. scale. So so it if we're talking not about says anonymous people, but about the world at large. I am finding that most people need a strategy. So I'll give you two stories. By the way, you said you had to go in five minutes like 15 minutes ago you still got time? No,

Matthias Miller  29:49
I meant I have five minutes to pull off but I'm good.

Speaker 1  29:53
Okay, and stop me if I'm taking too long but um, so I'm working with this guy that I met through add skills. He's like an Agency coach and who knows how it's gonna go, but seems like he really does know what he's talking about. And he's gonna help me try to build some prospecting funnels and such. And when I told him, he asked me to pick a niche, and I gave my usual story about I don't really have a niche. And if I had to pick one, quickly, I'm just gonna say e comm because I have worked with E comm. It's gone pretty well, in a lot of cases. And I have some case studies, there is a lot of challenges with it, but like it fits. So then he and I were talking about the fact that all the people who run EECOM, stores, Shopify or whatever, same deal, there, you really can't hardly even get a reaction out of them when you offer them Google services. But if you offer them say, tick tock services, all of a sudden, they're terribly interested in talking to you simply because tick tock is the latest and greatest bright, shiny object and everybody does not have it yet. And so what's like, same, me the same company, the same whatever, just by switching from talking about Google ads to tic tock ads, get a whole different reaction from cold emails and offers and everything else, right. And he and I are athletes, I don't really want to do it, because I don't really want to learn tick tock ads. But he and I are actually talking about like, in order to get me Google customers, I may need to put a tick tock offer out through cold email, just to get attention, and then say, oh, while you're at it, let me audit your Google and Facebook ads to right. Okay. So then it's a completely different person with a different mindset and attitude and background, told me that he's been selling a bit of software that is essentially a go high level CRM follow up system with a chatbot integrated AI built in. And the fellow I'm talking about is not a media buyer. He has run several companies, but he's not like a digital marketer for a living. And he said, he himself just put up two simple Facebook ads, talking about like, basically, it's like, Hey, I have an AI system, you can plug into your business to increase your lead flow. And he said, this, this is a guy who is not a Facebook manager, he just threw these two ads up himself. And he said, people are Wolfing it down. He's getting appointments for $80. And he's basically just taking orders like this is why he said he's not doing sales. He's taking orders. And it's just because everybody's crazy for AI right now. Right? So I say all that as to current real world examples of other people telling me that I just might need to stick something else out there as a foot in the door. And then that's what reminds me of your email to fax software as like, I don't know that we can walk up to another Amish shed builder and say, Hey, let me walk in and disrupt your marketing and sales process. But maybe we can offer a bunch of offers people email the fact software and get a foot in the door that way and then see, maybe it turns rev ops for you, or maybe buying from me or anything else.

Matthias Miller  33:13
Why not? But why not? If you cold call check companies and said, Hey, we're a tick tock agency for shipping companies. Like, you would have him say where we're at, I think he would have a lot to say, where did we sign up? Okay. If you call him up and said we have a chatbot, an AI Chatbot. For said companies, it doesn't matter how good you are. first mover advantage shiny object like I haven't I have a hard time. I still resist shiny objects that I have a hard time thinking of shiny objects to sell. And yet pragmatically speaking, if we can have a shiny object like that, that we could sell. Like, that seems to me like and you don't have to fulfill on the back end, or you don't have to do much in the back end. Especially if it's a chatbot. I don't know what all it is, but like, why not?

Speaker 1  34:17
Let me clarify something. So I'm, I don't have and I'm not going to invent the Chatbot deal. I actually I'm working on arrangement with this guy where hopefully, I can run a very similar funnel and essentially give the prospects over to him to do the fulfillment on that on the AI part and then talk a few of them into buying PPC services. That's the general pathway we're on. I am not saying that I or you or anybody else could not figure this out. We probably could. But I don't have it at my fingertips. And I don't have a month to start playing with GHL and learning. So that's the only That's the only practical problem. And then same with tic toc like I will do this if it's the only thing that works. But I am so totally not interested in running a tic toc agency. Right? So I'm essentially an agency. Well, that's an interesting can of worms on its own. I don't, I don't know. I just don't know. And the problem then becomes I've got to offer something that someone else's I don't know a lot of can of worms, their reliability and trust, and who can I find? And can we afford it? And can they get it done? You know what I mean? I have thought about it for the tic toc Park part. So I guess what I'm trying to say is if we ignore Tic Toc, and AI for shed people can the email the fax software become that foot in the door thing for said people? Or any honest

Matthias Miller  35:54
I don't feel like email, the fax is novel enough to catch their attention.

Unknown Speaker  35:58
Not novel enough. Okay. I get it.

Matthias Miller  36:05
3d builders, another one that I mean, that one's getting more established. I mean, there's a guy right now going after something. I don't understand that Google's like, delivery location service location API, and taking it to the Seventh Street. And, and engaging was eating that up as well. I mean, you have to have it, you either have to have a shiny object. I think you just got it. I guess agency life seems to be perplexing. It's you have to lead with shiny object, or else you're toast.

Speaker 1  36:46
That is? Yes. Yeah. So.

Matthias Miller  36:50
So I don't know what to tell you. If there's nothing you feel comfortable, weightless. I mean, you have to find it seems to be like you have to find something that you're either coming to a comfortable weight lately. You have to find a shiny object that you're comfortable either white labeling or fulfilling.

Unknown Speaker  37:09
Yep. Yeah, you're right.

Speaker 1  37:22
Okay, let's play what if for a second, and I'm trying to take notes too, but so the fellow that's working that I'm working with on the AI, enabled GHL. But a bunch of acronyms. He is out for the week, because his father in law has had some major surgery. So I can't even get his attention right now to proceed with that project. But when he comes back, one of my outstanding so because I'm planning on referring people over to him for fulfillment at the moment. One of my outstanding questions to him is like, what niches Do you want and not want to work with? I could describe a said company to him and asked him if he'd be willing to do that specifically. And if he says yes. Then I can come back to you and basically say, the guy's name is Dan, I can basically say, okay, Dan and his company are totally happy. Setting up the CRM, and the AI system for said companies. Now let's go offer this to set companies specifically, which have anything to do with almost at all, I'm just trying to think because I know if you get shed builders in general, just off of saying Facebook ad funnel, he already told me, he hadn't told me what targeting he's using or anything. But he says he's getting tons of so b2b, of course. So business owners in the salon and spa, which is of course, like the number one industry in America for small businesses, mortgages and home construction, like that's already his top three categories. So I'm sure sheds fit in there. Somewhere. I guess my question to you is, is there any point in trying to then take that over to Amish specifically, would they even know understand or care about it?

Matthias Miller  39:12
No, because the Amish aren't running GHL

Speaker 1  39:18
and they don't know enough about to be interested as a bright shiny object.

Matthias Miller  39:23
They can't run it.

Speaker 1  39:25
Well, they can run it in the same sense that how I say this in English I know they can't run it. They may not even have a computer but there is if they're trying to sell like Gabe is they'll have a website website needs a CRM CRM may as well have follow up and somebody in the middle even if it's a third party company has to handle sales and leads leads and sales. Right.

Matthias Miller  39:51
Yeah, I mean, I think it's better I think but but I still think you're straight shot is go straight to the people who are using Ah, I don't know maybe not the straight people you're using us mjhl Go sell it to them. Now, here's the other path to immediacy that I would be open to trying. I think I would be, and that is go find all e calm, friendly businesses in the PCB E and calm them up and be like, Hey, would you be open to some new ideas around around expanding your business? And getting getting more customers? Yes or No? If they are, and it's like, well, I don't know if I can help you. Like, do you guys? Do you guys have any kind of? Like, where are you getting most of your customers right now? And would you be open to having a effectively having a dealer who would sell your products for you online, or having a third party, run this stuff? And they, whether it's no matter how its structured, you need somebody who would retain ownership, technical ownership of their digital assets, but they would cover the bills. So it's all legalese, so that they don't own it. But then then we start building out Facebook ads for them doing e commerce.

Speaker 1  41:23
So by E commerce, do you mean like, office furniture? Or what are we talking about?

Matthias Miller  41:32
They could be Amish furniture. It could be Amish canned goods. It could be Amish dry goods? It could be I don't know. Does that stuff sell online?

Speaker 1  41:45
No. So what what what immediately comes to my mind? Is that, okay? And just to be real clear, us doing it at at risk? For ourselves, we would say, Well, I'm just gonna say like, it's a totally different equation than getting paid to run some companies Google Ads account. This is funny. This is the flip side of the conversation we keep having about starting our own shed business. I just don't know. I'm not saying can't but don't know how difficult it would be to fire up a store and actually get sales. Like to me that's, that's the classic startup starting entrepreneurial thing from the ground up. And we don't even know if the offer is proven yet.

Matthias Miller  42:35
We don't have to sell it with promises. We say, Look, we're willing to do to work with you on it. Like, it's gonna be, it's gonna be an investment. It's gonna take time. I don't know, maybe it's a hard sell to.

Speaker 1  42:54
Yeah, I have no idea. It sounds very difficult to build from the ground up in a hurry. Maybe I'm imagining something that isn't there or whatever. But why

Matthias Miller  43:04
does that have to be in a hurry? Why can't they pay us to build it up?

Speaker 1  43:11
That they would pay us to okay, I must have misunderstood you. Because I thought you were saying like we build this thing. And they're the provider of goods.

Matthias Miller  43:22
They are. Okay. Sorry, I'm getting really technical in the Amish world. But

Unknown Speaker  43:27
that's fine.

Matthias Miller  43:29
Technically speaking, we have our own company ball, the digital assets are owned under our company right now. But they pay us as if we were a contractor

Speaker 1  43:42
to do all the work, do all the work. How far can you stretch that? Like, can we charge so I'm not a Shopify specialist? I kind of doubt you want to do that. Can we charge enough to pay someone else? Like put together a Shopify store and optimize it?

Matthias Miller  44:02
I don't know. Depends how big they are. But we've got a bunch of they have.

Unknown Speaker  44:06
Yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  44:11
Maybe, I mean, it's not unusual for people to spend 20 to 40 grand on a website. So

Speaker 1  44:22
good point. And who handles like literal shipping and delivery of the product. So let's let's let's say it's a furniture store Amish furniture just for the sake of the conversation, who's gonna deal with that?

Matthias Miller  44:35
We fax them in order. And then if we need somebody with customer service, we work out a deal with Dwayne The guy who runs back office with the other Amish guys. And we get him to handle back office logistics if necessary. Like customer service collections, I don't know. Communication, customer support. I don't know fill in the blank. Or we just Yeah,

Speaker 1  45:01
Do you? Does this appeal to you? Like you're excited about it?

Matthias Miller  45:07
I think it's interesting. I mean, I don't know if I'm excited about it, I think, if we went to Okay, here's the other thing, Dwayne this guy who's running the back office or not, but he and his wife are not to capital and are looking, they're the whole reason they're in business is they want to build a workplace, that doesn't suck. And they've done that. And the reason they want to diversify as protect their business, be they're tired of these owners, yanking your chain hate creating havoc in the back office for unnecessary reasons. Right. So they are already looking at diversifying, Dwayne would make an awesome salesperson. And so if we would, I don't know what my role is, in this role.

Speaker 1  46:06
The audio breaks up a little bit, did you say Dwayne, would make an awesome sales person said yes. Great.

Matthias Miller  46:16
So if we would, if we would hand them leads, and we would say, go talk to this guy. And let's go figure out if we can, if there's an opportunity here, maybe he and I do together, I don't know how this works. It might be the right blend that can kind of work.

Speaker 1  46:37
If we're talking about large ticket and getting paid well, I like and that there's time to build this out. I like it. If we're talking about a couple $1,000 in Russia in 30 days, it just sounds like an amazing headache and risk that I'm just trying to clarify. That's where the line is for me.

Matthias Miller  46:56
Wait, if it's sorry, if it's what

Speaker 1  47:05
if it's a big enough deal, and if it's pays well, I like enough to get you and me and join paid and paid sufficiently. But as you said, a 20 to $40,000 website, right? Something like that, then I liked the idea. If we're talking about like, the other end of the scale, you know, they're gonna pay just a couple $1,000 And we got to try to throw up the Shopify store and make it work then like that. I just couldn't I couldn't do the small end of that. Agree. I like it. So when you said hand, Dwayne a lead. Um, you know, actually, this is great, because earlier, I was gonna say maybe part of the problem is that you also aren't the right person to do sales. Maybe you're better at than I am, for sure. But but so I actually about 20 minutes ago, I was gonna say maybe we needed to bring like Robert cozy in or something that the problem with that is, I don't know how, I don't know somebody like Robert or Cole Gordon would work with the Amish role at all. That's that that's a misfit there. But Wayne, if Dwayne is used to it, it's probably not a misfit at all. If he likes sales, and he can work with Amish people that might be absolutely perfect. So my next question would be like, I'm ready to go on that. My next question would be, what exactly do we need to do to get him some leads? Do we need to run an ad we need to call PCB companies or

Matthias Miller  48:31
do I mean, it's, it's PCB II companies?

Speaker 1  48:36
Is this like, just open a current copy? I need to subscribe to this? Is this like, open a current copy of PCB and just look at who's already advertising? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  48:48
And who's running more than classified ads?

Unknown Speaker  48:54
And sorry, what would that be? What what is more than classified? Well, I

Matthias Miller  48:57
mean, like, you know, who's who's running 16? I mean, okay, who's running a quarter page ad? full page ad? I don't know, half page ad that's gonna tell you their their ad spend. I mean, maybe it's sporadic. I don't know how many of them do it monthly, but sure, look a little bit about how big their ads are for. I mean, I don't know what all you should look at. But I would think that if you would start going through there and looking at ads, and evaluating. Okay, let me see if I can get all this out of my head. Imagine a decision matrix, where on the left, you've got a company name. And across the top you've got scoring criteria, which is how big of an ad do they what is this a favorable industry for us? have worked with I don't know, fill in the blank, X, Y and Z. I don't know what x, y and z is. I think as you go through the ads, you'll start seeing Oh, well, and then somewhere here be nice to document where you found it to be go back and find the ad or something like that. I don't know. But we can look it up. Nevermind. So. So like, as you go through the ads, you'll start seeing criteria like yes, good industry, bad, bad industry. Really small, look sizable. They have an online presence already, but they're not on SpyFu or whatever your analysis tool choices if you have one. And then and then that would give us a starting point of leads, and we could we could go from there.

Speaker 1  50:53
Okay. When we I like this a lot. This feels great to me. When we say that, Dwayne. I don't want to misquote you, I think you said Dwayne, like sales when we say Dwayne, like sales. Is that like, that's the kind of thing or someone tells me Oh, yeah, I'll do sales. And then when I start talking to them, I find out they have a million different considerations. And they don't actually like to be on the phone after all, you know what I mean? I don't know if you've lived through that. But I have. So when we say Dwayne, like sales, like does he likes sales enough to call other shed companies?

Matthias Miller  51:36
He doesn't like a shed industry. He does not

Unknown Speaker  51:38
like the shed industry. What does he like?

Matthias Miller  51:42
Well, something that's not Doggy Dog.

Unknown Speaker  51:45
Okay, that's totally understandable.

Matthias Miller  51:48
The industry is full of a bunch of

Unknown Speaker  51:58
are you still there?

Matthias Miller  51:59
They are at what they do. And, and try to undercut each other with discounts and, and cutting costs.

Unknown Speaker  52:08
Okay, that's reasonable.

Matthias Miller  52:26
Alright, are you able to hear me,

Speaker 1  52:31
I can hear you now. It's not you. I thought you were like talking to somebody else for a second or something like that

Matthias Miller  52:37
by phone rang or distracted by Bluetooth. So he was the guy responsible for he was the guy who wrangled these guys to merge their truepoint brands that they could go in with you. He was the guy that actually brought you and I on board with these Amish guys

Unknown Speaker  52:55
was brainless guy. Okay. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  52:59
So the guy is no stranger to persuasion. He can, he can definitely cast vision for folks. That no, he does not mind talking to. I don't know how he does all the other things that he does, but he definitely does not like talking, talking to people.

Speaker 1  53:22
So you know what I would love at this point, I would love and I'm happy to be there or not be there, whatever's better. I would love to have a scheduled call with Dwayne and like, Just tell him some of our wild ideas, see if he's interested and see exactly what part of this he wants to do. That sounds like a plan or?

Matthias Miller  53:47
Yeah, I think so.

Speaker 1  53:50
Can I can I email Audra and have her scheduled by him next week for joint you know, basically working out with Dwayne.

Matthias Miller  53:59
Probably Friday, if it is next week, Friday of next week, my friend likes me like, well, let's let's see what we can do have her email to her, or email her and have her talk to me about priority and second time, but let's see if we can get done as soon as possible. Both of our six Yep.

Speaker 1  54:21
And just as one last double check. I mean, you like this right? I do think you get it. I know we kind of narrowed it down to Amish ecommerce, right? Think of the Venn diagram right, wherever that overlaps, but I do think if we're gonna go after bigger companies, you will almost certainly get some rev ops. Is that what you're calling it rev ops.

Matthias Miller  54:46
That's what I'm calling it. Nobody else knows what it is, but that sort of calling it

Speaker 1  54:50
and that's fine. But if you're almost certainly going to get some Reb ops customers out of that, because we're going to end up talking to business people who have an operation going that needs exactly that. kind of stuff.

Matthias Miller  55:01
And if if Dwayne is running the backend, we're gonna get software clients out of it, too. I love it. He is so gung ho and sold on software. And he, he is the client that when he found out that we're doing an internal training on how to write reports, he, he said, Is there any way I can be part of that. And so he, he knows our backend programming language and report writer and he has no software, I don't know, he maybe has a little bit of software development background, but this guy is so and he runs all kinds of custom reports to go pull this kind of data and that kind of data and put this stuff together. So he would be a perfect guy. Like, this seems like a really interesting trifecta. Yeah, and I just like working with the guy, he's, in my opinion, he's a great guy to work with these these guys idiosyncrasies, but who doesn't?

Speaker 1  55:51
That's funny. I'd love to meet him. And I'm lost. Is he a relative of yours or a friend or foe?

Matthias Miller  55:59
He's a friend. I mean, he's the I only know him because he works for these Amish guy. I mean, he's the he's the English management company for these for these Amish guys.

Unknown Speaker  56:10
Okay. Awesome.

Matthias Miller  56:18
I love it. Do there's something really this whole thing has been such a walk of I have no idea. And all the traditional answers don't work. And I'm talking to this, that and the other. And, and I was on a call earlier this week. And one of the guys I was talking about, perhaps working more with manufacturing companies and other guys, it's like, by the way, Mexican manufacturing is the next golden decade. And it's like this decade is called the Golden decade for that because people are moving to Mexico manufacturing. And I'm like, there was just like, it was something that was so congruent about it. And like I don't understand this process, besides the fact that I'm just straight up talking to a boatload of people. And there are people coming out of the woodwork that are wanting to do some kind of partnership or something like something together. And I don't know, here we go. No conventional answers worked for me.

Speaker 1  57:14
Yep. Yep, for sure. Awesome. Okay. Well, I think that's a good starting place. Unless you got something else. I like it. I do you think? Well, only the Lord knows. But if we can get the foot in the door was several different Amish businesses. And it goes well, and they like us. I do think it'll probably expand from there by law. In other words, we might start with just some ecommerce businesses, but before, you know, it might be other things too, whatever in the world. Other things is service businesses or something else.

Matthias Miller  57:48
Yeah. And I think something to keep in mind is that there's not going to be something in everything for everybody in every business for everybody. And I'm not sure how, you know, all that works out. But

Speaker 1  57:58
that's perfectly reasonable. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  58:02
yep. So Oh, one other comment? Go ahead.

Speaker 1  58:06
Oh, I'll keep it brief. So I literally have the PCB website up here in front of me. Um, I, I don't I am not technically Anabaptist. Right. Like, we're not part of the I don't have a bishop. Let's put it that way. So I don't I don't think I could ever advertise in there. I can subscribe. I'm sure my parents used to subscribe to the budget years ago, and nobody ever complained. But I'll have to use you as my sort of Mennonite storefront, so to speak.

Matthias Miller  58:41
Well, and I'm not sure what site No, we found out some more things better church last night, but it was just kind of like that. For us. It's just kind of like, oh, no, I don't know how long I'm gonna fit the, we're showing up about once a month to one of our friends calls it calls in a church with benefits, which is about what it is. So I don't know what happens because Dwayne technically isn't Anabaptist either. So I don't know what would happen when it goes away. But you don't have to be Anabaptist to subscribe. And like, it's just a matter of getting a hold of your hands on this publication. And there's other publications publications that are more geared towards the Amish. Like the busy the busy beaver has a huge Amish readership and there's some other ones as well. So anyway, all that to say probably as these things are going to land I'm going to lose my opportunity and ability to have to advertise in the PCB II should they find out that I am no longer meet their criteria? They might not ask they might not find out but

Speaker 1  59:52
there you go. Is Dwayne what is Dwayne? Do we know? Christian?

Matthias Miller  59:57
He's gonna He's not in it. Okay Anabaptist background but he had enough of the edits he went through so probably a little too similar.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:12
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:00:16
sucks but anyway

Unknown Speaker  1:00:19
hated junkie get the baby gift we sent you.

Matthias Miller  1:00:24
Yes, we did. I was gonna text you and I forgot. Thank you.

Speaker 1  1:00:27
No, that's awesome. This one my wife asked me two or three times if he got the package and I said I don't know, I think he's got other things to deal with

Matthias Miller  1:00:37
Greg grateful I really appreciate those of you guys. Yes, thank you.

Speaker 1  1:00:45
All right. Okay, well, awesome. This This feels this is the best conversation we've had in weeks or months, I think not months, but I think so. Yep. So we'll, I'll ask the auditor to get something scheduled there. And oh, then I interrupted you saying something else? Do you remember what it was? Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:01:05
I have a furniture outdoor kitchen something or other manufacturing company that I'm in conversations with early on, I don't really know. Profits are down a sales are down profits are tighter. They have a dealer network. I don't know if they would advertise for their dealers or not. I don't know what that would look like. I have no idea what if I even want to bring up advertising at this point? I think a discovery offer might make more sense. But do you have any thought right off the top of your head regarding you running traffic for them?

Speaker 1  1:01:39
I missed a crucial description. So they are a what?

Matthias Miller  1:01:43
They're a manufacturer, a metal manufacturer of outdoor kitchen related things, plus some other stuff. But that's kind of the core of their business.

Speaker 1  1:01:56
Outdoor kitchen related is this like grills and fireplaces, furniture

Matthias Miller  1:02:01
drills, fireplaces, like even full kitchen kids like full outdoor kitchen. Like I don't know what all that involves. So

Speaker 1  1:02:09
I've got an idea for this. I actually I'd like to try this even as an experiment. So business coach I was working with a while back. I've worked with an embarrassingly large amount of them and never had success yet. But recommended. So I was having the same conversation about foot in the door offers and audits like audit still work, but they're bit burned over in the marketing world. And he suggested I'd have to go back to my notes, but he suggested that I do a I think we ended up calling it a gap analysis, which is like not exactly an ad account audit, but more like a medium picture audit, like, have you covered all the bases. If somebody goes to your Facebook profile, can they even find your phone number or link back to your website? Or did you forget to put that there? Do you have retargeting audiences set up? Are you on all the social networks? Did you reserve your brand name? Right? So it's like, it absolutely could lead to discovering that they have a Google Ads account and need a Google Ads account audit to but it's a little higher level than that. So like just making sure that they have their bases covered? How about if we start with something like that for the manufacturer? You're talking about?

Matthias Miller  1:03:29
Is this just marketing related?

Speaker 1  1:03:31
It would all be within the scope of marketing online marketing? Yes. Well, you guide

Matthias Miller  1:03:39
pitching them is something like a I mean, a better name, profit optimizer, a Reb ops something that is a discovery engagement and throwing this marketing discovery piece in under that, that

Speaker 1  1:03:55
back to you. Yes, let's do that. And you do bigger picture stuff then. Right, whatever it may be, but something else, aside from the digital part, digital marketing part?

Matthias Miller  1:04:06
Well, I gotta find time to write some emails and get some things prepped for another conversation with a bunch of books I have in my pipeline, but there's also a pallet manufacturing company. I don't think they have any traffic needs, but it's more b2b. But anyway, good stuff. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:27
Awesome. Thanks a lot.

Matthias Miller  1:04:29
Yep. Thanks. All right. Bye for now.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai