Unknown Speaker  00:31
Matthias mark, good. See you again, brother, yeah, likewise.

Matthias Miller  00:37
How you been?

Speaker 1  00:38
Oh, not too bad I I came off the mountain. I'm down in Nebraska for the summer. So that's it's, it's kind of interesting. I about April. My dad got sick, and he's 8087 88 anyway, but he my mom still live at home and and so I just, I felt like I needed to be down here this summer to be near him. I don't, I don't, I don't know if he will last until the end of the year, or even if he wants to, but, but so I'm down here mowing the yard and doing, I mean, you name it, man, I'm doing it. So, yeah, I tell you, I've thought about you so many times since we, since we met at the at the men's thing and and it was about two, three weeks ago, I just had this overwhelming sense, man, I need to connect with this guy again. And I guess I know without, without saying a whole lot, I I'm not exactly sure why, why, and, and, but you know what? I look at it this way. It's great to connect with brothers. I'm learning a little bit more about what you do through your emails and whatnot, and kind of how you're wired and, and, man, I'll tell you, it's pretty exciting. And I it's, I'm easily excited, but I I just think, I just think it's pretty cool. But I think that, in retrospect, I think I'm the one that can learn from you and and I think that, I think that, why did you come over and talk to me when we were there?

Matthias Miller  02:25
Because I heard you on the I was eavesdropping, eavesdropping, I'll be completely honest. Yeah, and when you hear a conversation like that, you caught my attention, and, you know, you just sounded like a guy who would be who I would find interesting to connect with. Yeah, so I want to show you something just to kick off this conversation I I have. I love calls where there's an agenda, there's a focus, we get things done. And I love calls where it's like, God's doing something and we have no idea what, so let's go, Yeah,

Speaker 1  03:03
I think be our category here today. And I've got a few things that I'll share with you just personally about where I'm at, business wise, with God, and some other things that kind of have, you know, I and I'm in, I'm in search mode, which I think that's healthy and that's good, but go ahead and share what you were going to show me there and,

Speaker 1  03:36
oh, yeah, I sent that to you. Did I send that to you? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  03:39
you said that to me.

Unknown Speaker  03:40
They're identical,

Matthias Miller  03:42
almost holy, you got some more you got more builder than I do. I get more innovator than you do. Look at that,

Speaker 1  03:51
that is unbelievable. I wonder, I wonder, how much that happens. I mean literally, huh. How often does that happen between two people?

Matthias Miller  04:03
I have no idea. Holy

Speaker 1  04:05
cow, hi, you just blew my mind. That's unbelievable, huh? Wow. Well, I gotta tell you, brother, I when I was there, and I was on on my Zoom call, I had been working for the better part of a year to get a partnership, sales partnership with an organization that has the customers that I want to sell to, yup and and instead of me coming up and building out my own sales force with the time and the overhead and the money in which I don't have, I went and I said, Hey, look, I've developed this. It really attaches itself to a major pain point in the form of apply. Form and a strategy and and all I need to do is to go, you know, you introduced me to your customers. Give me a credible introduction. And I, you know, I think I can run with the ball. Well, it's interesting, because the company that I real quick to bring you up to speed what it is. I've worked in trucking for most of my career, 33 years. I just had finished working four years for a parts and service dealership that had nine locations. I was a VP of marketing over recruiting two and so one of the biggest deficits right now in the parts and service business of any parts and service business. I don't care if it's ATVs, heavy trucks, tractors, whatever is there the real deficiency on the talent to be able to fix those and at a high, at a at an experience level, you know, overhauling the engine and, you know, those kinds of things, plus there's new technology coming out that nobody's even been trained for. So we're we're in a real pickle. Well, the company that hired me, Matthias fourth generation family owned, they know nothing about marketing, and told me that up front and said, I think we need to hire a marketing guy, because we can't get technicians in here like we used to. And the old way is to fill out a job post, throw it on Indeed, or in the newspaper, whatever, wait for him to come, sift through the applications and go, Yep, we like this guy best in hiring. That day is over. It's done. Yeah. Okay. So anyway, when I come to the realization, and I already knew that going in, but when I came to the realization that I was the only one that knew anything about marketing or or recruitment, marketing, period, I had no leadership, and so I was never told one time what to do. We never had an organizational meeting from the C from the owner, who was my boss. Hey, I really think we need to move in this direction. Here's my input. Here's my it was nothing. I was an island unto myself, being paid a meager $75,000 a year, because I told him. He goes, Well, what do you need to make? And I said, Well, I'm going to need at least 125 plus commissions on who we hire. And he goes, Oh, that might be a deal breaker. Well, I said, You know what Mark, I understand. His name is Mark. I said, I understand. And that's pretty risky, but I'm going to tell you, I know I can do this, and as we and as this develops and moves out, then I would expect that you'll address that with me from compensation standpoint. Oh yeah, you bet, Christian guy. And so anyway, four years later, I have, I have, all by myself, with no external staff, I hired 106 guys that generated $60 million worth of business for their company in four years. And he was paying me $75,000 a year. He would avoid me. He wouldn't. He didn't even want to talk to me. And I told the Lord. I said, Lord, I don't know what you got me here for, but I put my strategy together, which was all him, the Lord showed me how and and I just said if, if I'm done here, then have this guy fire me, because I'm not. I've moved ahead of you too many times. So just as my safety net, I want you to have this guy fire me. And boy, two weeks later, he called me up. I hadn't seen him for almost three weeks, and by the way, small family company, our dealership, only had about 15 people, so it wasn't like, you know. So anyway, I go up and he goes, Well, I'm going to release you a Bureau of employment. And on the inside of me, I'm going, thank you, Jesus. And he goes, I don't know, he said, for some reason I just feel like this is the right move. But he said, I feel like you don't want to be here anymore. And I said, you know you're right. I don't, because I've given to you all I can give. And I didn't take him to task. I didn't bring up anything. I I feel like, if I can't rely on your integrity as a leader and leaders know what's going on in the company, that I don't need to call you out. I don't need to get in any kind of a word match with you. I don't need to do any of that stuff. I say, and I told him, I said, I want to thank you for the opportunity, and I want to let you know that I did things foundationally here that will be here for another four generations, and I'm proud of that. And I got up and I shook his hand and I walked out the door. Well, I took with me the strategy that I had used to hire these guys by myself, and it's all digital, right? And so I had, I had some smart guys put together my own little piece of go high level, if you're familiar with that. And we, we transferred my strategy onto that platform, and and, and then I found another CRM that'll probably work better for me. But anyway, long story short, that's why I was working on this partnership. And so I'd started on that. And then. Meantime, I kind of felt like, God wanted me to go up and fly close to Charis and AWM, and so I jumped in this RV that I had no idea was going to buy, and and I go up there, and I'm there for eight months, right? And I meet you, and I go to a lot of stuff, and frankly, I learn a lot without hacks actually having to go to college. I mean, I learned a bunch and and then the transition with my dad. Well, so this group that I found their dealership Consulting Group in Lawrence, Kansas, one of the bigger groups. The President is probably my age or little older. He never really acted like he wanted to do anything with me, but he felt obligated, because they were the consultant group that actually saw what I did with this company that I was at. They were their consultants, and so I kind of had that leverage. But I got in there, he introduced me to I said, Well, where are we going to start? You know, because I'm I sent him, I sent him a bunch of material. Tried to educate so they could sell, um, probably didn't do the best job, admittedly, but um, and I probably overwhelmed him, and I'm sure I did, but I couldn't ever get any traction with these guys. And so about six weeks ago, they introduced me, finally, over a year later, to the company called Beckner. Bruckner truck equipment in Amarillo, Texas. They're the largest Volvo Mac dealer in the country. And I get myself Keith, the the partner guy, and the VP of fixed operations for Bruckner, they have 40 locations that could have been a $2 million year account for me. I mean, it would, and I would have showed over 1,000% ROI on what they spent anyway. Long, long story short, I'm trying to give my partner money. And after we had our zoom meeting, he abandoned me. I haven't heard from him in six weeks. And not only that, I've tried following up with Bruckner and the guy that we talked to there, I can't get i I've called and I've emailed and I can't get any traction. And so now I'm like, I think I picked the wrong partner, and maybe my sales approach is wrong, but, you know, it's, it's interesting, because our problem isn't really the problem, it's, it's the solution to the problem is the is the creative, you know? And, yeah, and I've got one, and now I'm back to zero. And so I thought, you know, I need to surround myself with other like minded people. I need man of God, you know that can identify with my the talent and what I've got I need to and because this isn't just a trucking product, it, it covers about any kind of hiring you would want to do will actually fit into what I've done in this platform. Or when I say platform, I'm not talking some big it coded, you know, behemoth. I'm talking about my strategy, really, what it boiled down to Matthias was a sales funnel that was converted to a recruiting funnel to hire people. And I got three and a half years where the data that I put into the strategy behind it,

Matthias Miller  13:18
that's awesome, man.

Speaker 1  13:20
So anyway, so, so I'm talking to you today because, man, now, after looking at your core values, holy cow, you're gonna get this. I don't, I don't have to, I don't have to explain much at all. I just, I am sitting on the precipice of really, you know, I hear Andrew talk about the transfer of wealth, and I've heard some of the other teachers and some of these other things, and I feel like it's my do at this time in my life. You know that God has built me up and done but if I'm being real honest with you, I always have been the guy that came up just a little bit short. I'm the guy that was just a little too much for somebody to handle. I was, I was the guy that had the great ideas and I could see the finished product, but I got lost in the middle and I couldn't execute, and so I became an island unto myself. And so that's my biggest crime right now, is that I have isolated myself and and you and another guy that I've reached out to recently is my first foray again into broadening and getting more people involved, because this is not a one man thing that I'm looking at, all right.

Matthias Miller  14:38
So three things I see, right off the bat, I don't know how to, I don't know what you're looking for, if you're looking for signing board, for input, for potential partnership for I don't know what it is,

Unknown Speaker  14:54
all of it. Brother, all of it. Okay, well,

Matthias Miller  14:56
so I'm, I'm here. Hang on one second. Okay? I grabbed my door here, so I'm at the opposite problem. Yeah, as you one of my strengths finder strings, a few of my strengths finder strengths are ideation and input and learning, yeah, which has meant that I've got probably a quarter million or more in masterminds and and business development, personal development and other types of things like that. So sometimes I've been over connected and not tuned in enough to myself and Holy Spirit and what I'm doing right, and there's a lot of sorting and sifting through

Unknown Speaker  15:38
so guilty.

Matthias Miller  15:41
Guilty. This is the problem with strategies and Okay, so just a few miscellaneous thoughts. Number one, maybe you shouldn't sell them the system. Maybe you should sell them the solution to the system. Maybe you should be the placement agency. They call you up and say, Mark, we need 10 tax. Boom, done. Here's the fee. It's, it's, I mean, maybe there's margin for you, just like we know. And here's the guarantee, it's $1,000 a placement, or it's, I don't know what the number. It's five grand a place. I don't know what it is. Or it's this much upfront after they stay for, I'm sorry, other placement agencies, 20 grand a placement, for custom placements, or 30 grand. I don't know what this is like. You have your upfront fee. It's this much, but then there's a bonus that you're contractually required to pay out after he's here for a year, right? Because that's the that's the determining factor. So call me up, I guarantee you a placement for that. If when you call me up, between the time that you call me up and when this guy is placed, I'm gonna have, I'm gonna have three candidates that are that you guys can pick from that or, sorry, this is not I'm gonna have 3x number candidates, or whatever number that you want you guys could sift through and you pick that. I'm making up numbers. I don't know the specifics. I'm probably thinking way too slow on what you're saying. That's fine. You pick them up. So within this time frame, I'm gonna get them to you. You're you hire them. I get paid this much up front. There's a there's a 12 month bonus, because we all know that attrition rates, that that hiring is for most people, hiring is a crapshoot. So and I've done all the legwork on the front end. I know what I'm getting myself into. I know what they're looking for in these guys. I know how to make sure they're gonna they're actually gonna show up and won't screw you over, and as they're gonna ship to work on time and don't have a drug problem and all the other stuff that industry's got problems with, right? And just write me the check and and stop selling them the system and and just be the dial for hire guy. What are your thoughts on that? Yeah,

Speaker 1  17:51
pretty clouded space. If I'm trying to set myself apart, because there's a lot of people doing that, there's a lot of agencies doing that. So what they're doing is, in these agency spaces, they are basically the company is farming out what they don't know to somebody else who does know. And so the agencies in the trucking space have all built themselves a very big channel of credibility for what they do over the years, between hiring drivers and hiring technicians and those kinds of things. The You're right. I think the overarching goal with with me and my platform strategy is that I want to own personally, every single technician in the market, every single, I want data on every single one of them, so that's going to allow me to shift. And the guy calls me and he goes, Mark, this is Cody down here at Floyd's Truck Center. And, you know what? And we got a relationship, but I'm, I'm ready to move on. I need to go, you know, I'm moving my family to Texas. You know, I want to be able to jump in in those situations, not just working for the dealership. But I'll tell you, here's, here was a thought that I had that I think makes sense. I haven't thought it clear through. But what about Matthias? If I go ahead and I get my template and an EV, I'm sorry, a VR staff that can build out templates for those locations, just one. And then we go ahead and launch them for them, branded with their stuff. And then we go ahead and get it working, and then have the sales guy go. Here it is, and we don't expect you to understand it, but here's what you can expect. And if you want this as a part of your tech stack and bringing it in house, here's what it's going to cost you. We can write out your employment value proposition, create your brand, employer brand, and a campaign. Chain, and then throw that into this strategy, and have have a landing page for each one of your locations. We can do it that way, or else, I can go ahead and just continue to do the lead gen myself with this. What I'm showing them is the sample, and you can maybe help me refine it, but I can go ahead and do all of the lead gen, and sell you the leads, and then you'll pay me for the fair market value for, you know, a placement which is about 30% and one of those guys, in a year's time generates about $350,000

Matthias Miller  20:37
alright. So, so each, each placement is worth 100 grand, easily, easily. So, okay, the one thing I would, I would challenge you with just a little bit, if you can own the tech stack, whatever this thing is, and if you can create some kind of MRR component, and you can turn this into some kind of a tech company, yeah? MRR plus tech, yep. And you can keep that in house, and you do not give them access to these funnels, uh huh, but you maintain and run them, and it's a, whatever it is, then you've got, then you've got a multiple and at whatever time. And is that the direction you're going? Yes,

Speaker 1  21:18
absolutely, because here's you're right, Matthias, man, there's a little bit of a lag here in our our signal. So I don't mean to step on you, um, go for out of mine. Uh, but, but anyway, what I'm what I wanted to say, too, was, is that they will never see the back end of my strategy or the platform. They will never, they don't do any updating to it. They don't do anything. It's all turnkey. It's all in my possession. So, so I'm just going to charge them monthly in order to but per page, per dealership location, charge them monthly to either we'll send them all of the leads, and they can work them, because they do. They have to do it like salespeople. There's no more of this, you know. So we actually set up a Calendly or whatever the calendar application is in the funnel. That's what I did before they clicked on it. They didn't send me an application or anything. I talked to them first, hey, talk to me about this. Boom. And then if they, if they make it through that, then I go to the HR department and say, Hey, we got Joe and Tim and Frank, and these guys need to be called by a recruiter, somebody that gets them on this job. And so I had my service managers doing that, and it worked wonderfully. Um, and so, and then the other side of that is, is what you're talking about is, is that we get it whittled down to the guy, and then we say we're going to place this guy, and if you want him, and man, if he's any good at all, they want him, you're going to pay us the placement fee, which is going to be X amount of dollars at higher And then x amount of dollars after one year, because you're right, retention is an issue, and that and that happens when the market gets so tight for the talent that they're competing with those other places, and the guy will leave for a buck an hour, you know, right? I mean, it's nasty, and I've seen it in the truck driving space for 30 years. So

Matthias Miller  23:27
so is so the but the big challenge is, no matter how you position it, if you have a placement fee, that's market value, you then become positioned you versus everybody, versus the other agencies, right, right, right. So, so what is the crack in the armor? What's the secret? What's the lie? What's the thing nobody talks about that's true about these trucking agencies, that the elephant in the room? What is that?

Speaker 1  23:56
Well, because everybody jumped on board with the technician hiring and so automatically. Okay, again, these truck dealerships have never had the market before. They don't know what they're buying. They don't know how it's done. They don't know how to design the creative they don't know anything. They've never been forced to do that. Your truck breaks. You take it in, you have it fixed. They sell you the part, you pay your bill, you walk out the door. You can't market to failure, right? So they've never had to market to that so, so now they don't have guys to to do it. And the the guy down the street that's also fixing trucks, he wants the same guy you have. In fact, he's regularly talking to him, trying to woo him over to his place. That's happening everywhere and so. So there is such a high talent, there's there's education and training that far exceeds any truck driver salary. There are three and a half million truck drivers. There are less than 300,000 technicians. Okay, so. Recruiting technicians is not a truck driver recruit. And I've had a couple of the recruiting agencies call me and go, Well, I would say, How's the driver recruiting? Oh, it's great, because they play the odds. They don't care who it is, certain amount of guys going to quit and get hired anyway, and they make your money, and off they go. Not so with the technicians. They're very loyal people, and their talent level and their worth, the value of these guys is way higher and so. So anyway, yeah, recruiting that group of guys, and I've done both, is way different than truck driver, and unless you've worked inside the dealership and had success doing it that way and figuring it out which I have. That's my ace in the hole that gives everything we do credibility.

Matthias Miller  25:49
So why even bother? Okay, so, and are you going after drivers and technicians both? No, just technicians. Yeah.

Speaker 1  26:00
Okay, good. Yeah. Technicians. And, you know, and ultimately, the goal is in every space, but I'm starting with trucking, because it's what I know,

Matthias Miller  26:08
right? So in these All right? So when you have these conversations with these people, they recognize the need they recognize that you're the solution, but or they're not writing a check. Yeah,

Speaker 1  26:26
they think so I can't even get a follow up call, and I think there's poison in the water with my partner.

Matthias Miller  26:35
So you think your partner ditched the screwed up the deal? I think so. Okay, so it may have been sabotage, yep, okay, um,

Speaker 1  26:48
which blows my mind. I'm trying to give them a recurring revenue stream.

Matthias Miller  26:54
So the problem with people like you and I, because I think I share some of the same traits is that we can be harmfully generous. Yeah, I had this conversation with a client of mine who was the same issue, and the the the sales manager was talking to his buddy across the state about some of the changes they implemented in the sales system, and trying to sell him on a consultation while not selling, he was consulting, yep, and I just about flipped the lid, and the owner had a conversation with him in no uncertain terms. I don't care if he's a buddy. We are competitors, like, don't do so all that to say, I get it. I've been around that cool. So, so, so one of the gaps you have is this, is this the strategy implementer? You either need to have a clear, definitive course, or somebody who can kind of hold your feet to the fire as you walk out the course. Or you need a great like, integrator implementer thing. Or, where do you personally, so I see that you also mentioned problem focused marketing, boiling it down to it sounds to me like you may also be running into a little bit of the expertise issue which I have in consulting and in my background in tech, where I know so much, and I like to talk about so much, that for me to say, here's what it is, and shut up.

Speaker 1  28:23
It's almost impossible. Yeah, there's a there's that unconscious. What's the top one? Unconscious competence, competence that I have in this and I get started, and I can basically muddy the waters, because I know so much about what's going on. So I will tell you this. Matthias, I am not. I'm not a sales guy. I'm not. Um, I am the orchestrator. I'm the figure outer. I'm the fixer, I'm the strategy guy, and I can tell you exactly how we're going to do it. For me to do what I did at this dealership over a four year period, was like putting toothpicks underneath my fingernails because I was the only guy, and I had to figure it out. And I'm telling you, man, it was painful. And not only that, I did while I knew I wasn't getting paid anything hardly. It's not fair market. So So anyway, I think that really what needs to happen our our industry loves conferences. They love, they love coming together and drinking and playing golf and and you just, man, I'll tell you. I don't know if you know anything about the transportation business period, but there is so much money in there, man, I'm telling you, it is all over the place. And these guys are. Pretty loose with it, but anybody what I want to what I want to do, I think the best strategy for this group of people that I know is to have an employer Symposium on technicians, and either do one big national or do several regional to get everybody that makes that decision in one room, and then I would be among three or four other speaker experts that one might be. One might be an expert on employment value proposition writing, another one might be on brand development, another one might be on just the changes and the dynamics and hiring period. Another one might be on retention. You see where I'm going, but we actually turn it into a learning session to where we give them verbally the strategy about how to do this, and they'll be blown they'll be blown away. They'll be like, Well, I don't have the overhead and the marketing people to do that. Well, you're right, so I basically have done that to show them that they can't do it and that they will have to hire me to get it done.

Matthias Miller  31:18
So if you don't explain the strategy to them. And you sit down with them and say, Well, I guess it depends a little bit what explaining the strategy looks like.

Matthias Miller  31:41
What are these folks?

Matthias Miller  31:49
Okay, what's the are these? These are HR folks that you're bringing together?

Speaker 1  31:53
Well, no, I mean, okay, so we're going to bring together people in a symposium. You have to bring in the HR director, because any marketing in their department, they feel threatened. They are. They're awfully hard to deal with. Then you bring in the person that oversees fixed operations for the company. It fixed operations is all service parts, everything. And then you bring in the owner, Owner, CEO, and, and those are the three people that you invite to come. I think they pay to come. I think they, I think that they, they shell out big money to come. In fact, if you position it right, um, but um. Okay, you know, two day deal. You know, they show up on a Friday and have a Friday afternoon session and do good share of Saturday so they can leave and go play golf or do whatever they want to do, and then Sunday they leave. You know, that's kind of the typical flow. I've been to so many of those, and trust me, I don't like doing it, but everybody loves to go to Las Vegas, everybody loves to go everybody loves to go to Nashville. Everybody loves to go to Dallas, you know? So I

Speaker 1  33:27
I think marketing the opportunity Matthias to have get training, or have a symposium, actual teaching sessions to where they're going to leave with an action plan and all the information they need to be competitive, because they don't realize now that we're that this technician space, we have to compete for these guys now we have to compete, um, and competition with a parts and service dealer. The only thing they know about competing is to try and sell the truck, the new truck they got sitting out on the curb, you know, and somebody comes by, but they don't really advertise for that either. They just, they're kind of like order takers on equipment. And so I will tell you, I will tell you, that parts of that service for our group that I was VP for was 73% of our annual revenue, and we did 200 million a year. Wow. And here's another downer, bud, seven out of seven out of 10 of technicians that are out there right now are going to retire in the next six years, because they're all boomers, they're my age, I'll send you a bunch of stuff done here.

Matthias Miller  34:49
That's a good space to be in. Well, yeah,

Speaker 1  34:52
so here's the other thing, and you'll get this, but with these guys, well, two. Things, two things, and our dealership, I went to the owner, and I said, Man, we're we're in a whole heap of trouble with technicians. And he goes, Why? He goes, we really only have, when I went to work for him, they needed 27 we had 100 days of our company, and they needed 27 and it took me three years to get up to where we only needed about nine or 10, but we always needed about a dozen guys all the time. And that's that will never go away. And it will get worse as the boomers start die, dying off or retiring. Okay, um, the young guys. Oh, well, we're going to go to the colleges. I sat on seven, six or seven different college boards for their diesel programs and and I tried to build those relationships. That's playing the averages too. We're throwing so much money at going on the road, sitting up a table, watching guys walk past and hoping for the odds. Those days are over too. Those job fairs are stinking waste of time, and so these kids coming out have the basics. So diesel technicians go A, B, C, D, E, right? A is the top guy who can unload on a can overhaul an engine. An E guy is fresh or a D guy is fresh out of college, and we can have him rotate tires and change oil. But the first thing he does is gets put into training through Daimler, which I was part of the Daimler group. They start them on that upward trajectory of training. It's going to take him 10 years to get certified to do the work of that a technician, and the lifespan of these kids coming out of college in diesel tech is two years. There's no way we ever fill the gap. It's going to get really bad. And so I've always been I've always been the guy that's been way ahead of the curve and a little too early, and I just don't think it hurts bad enough right now. But I'm telling you, man, in another year, we don't set the ball on the tee with this thing and start getting some initial clients. That's when the scale will really start happening, because that they can just do like that. And

Matthias Miller  37:18
so what you really actually need, Mark is who are the the across the whole space, who are the six people who are the innovators and early adopters, like, why put on events? If can you find, can you find those people?

Speaker 1  37:39
Man, I don't know. I, I don't know. You know, the only thing I could think of to get into those people are the the DMS software people, DMS dealer management systems. They're the, they're the, they're the software that runs the dealerships right. And so there's three major players, and I found out just last week that one of them folded and went bankrupt. So it's getting I'm telling you, the dealer space is getting nasty, and it's all surrounding technicians. But if we went to a DMS provider and said, Hey, we want your eight salespeople to go out and say, we've got a solution now for the biggest pain point your organization, and that is the pipeline for your technicians and making sure you have a solid system, rather than being subject to, indeed, glass door and the odds of jumping in the same pool, asking for the same people as everybody else, we give you your own tech stack and market you individually. So,

Matthias Miller  38:49
I mean, isn't it a little bit of a compelling story going to a DMS provider and saying, Did you see what happened over here? And the only way like and now it's between you two. And I'm talking to both of you, by the way, and one of you, I want to give access to your dealer. I want to give access to your dealers to use this technician, this this tech recruiting stack, yeah, and I don't know how much you're willing to say, No, I'm not going to play with the other guys. Or, you know, you have some kind of, I don't know what that arrangement looks like, but

Speaker 1  39:29
they're all, they're all trying to sell to the same guy, right? So it doesn't matter. It's just doesn't

Matthias Miller  39:36
matter you go with. But isn't, am I thinking about it, right? That there's a fairly substantial advantage to if, if you go exclusive with one DMS provider versus the other, that's a fairly substantial competitive advantage and and stabilizing force in terms of business longevity.

Speaker 1  39:55
You like, yep. And not only that, think about it. And. These terms. Run it hard. I've got a, I've got a, a nephew in Denver who's a who's a, well, he's an investor, whatnot. But anyway, he said, what you need to do, he said is work this like crazy for four to six years and sell it. And if we were to get a partnership with a DMS like that, they would buy it.

Matthias Miller  40:26
They would buy it. You would, you would run alongside it, scale with them, and have the and then, and then they would do an acquisition six years from now, off of the multiple,

Unknown Speaker  40:35
yep, yep.

Matthias Miller  40:39
That sounds pretty okay. So let's say that you let's play some probability. Okay, first of all, this one hesitancy, I have your idea of putting on the symposium talking too much about your strategy. If you're talking about strategy in terms of, go get your own pool of candidates and, oh, by the way, you're competing against each other, so build a competitive advantage over the other people, so you get first dibs, if that's the strategy level, maybe if it's a go, build out a sales funnel, and here's the headline, and here's the hook, and here's the process and all of this stuff, like, like, hopefully you're feeling nervous about that. I'm, I'm incredibly nervous about your first of all, you're in industry that's that's flowing with money. It's got a lot of really greedy sharks in it, and in your moat is you, you have to, I think you want to fly underground until you have enough clients established, either feedback loop, okay, good, yeah, we're on this, on the same page. So if you, if you said, if you went to these, okay, what's the probabilities you go to these? DMSS, probabilities that you can reach them, probabilities that you'd have their ear, probabilities that you could, you could land on a deal that's happy for for both of you guys to deploy their sales force and selling this to their to their clients and and that they're not just going to sit on their hands and be like, Okay, we've tied up this guy, you know, Some kind of somewhere, you're gonna have to have have some, some, uh, Shark thinking about, how are ways that they could sabotage this, and how do I keep this from happening? IE, if you guys don't put this much, don't put effort into selling, I get the rights back. I get to go to somebody else. I get to walk or, you know, something,

Speaker 1  42:42
yeah, so that's that's in my agreement with this company in Kansas, all that verbiage that they would be both signed as I can back out of that tomorrow, I've been not real anxious to go send them any kind of a, you know, hey, this is, this obviously isn't working, kind of letter, you know, because they still bring credibility. And so if they're not going to do anything, um, I'd like to get in front of some people and get those first early adopters you were talking about. I still think there's an open window to go down to Bruckner and Amarillo and make a presentation down there. Um, because I know who the contact is. Why wouldn't they listen to us? He told me he'd like to come up and talk to me during the zoo, which just which blows my mind, because I talked with Keith, the guy with key advisors, the partner that I have, and he he called me right afterward, and he goes, Wow. He goes, That went well, I said, Yeah. I said, Man, I'm, I'm going to send him a follow up. And my only approach with him was, we've developed this strategy. Here's what I did with it. Here's what the result was, I'd like to do the same for Bruckner. Can we talk? And that's really what it boiled down to. And I, I, for the life of me, have no idea why I haven't I'm just dumbfounded. The only thing I can think of is that's just not the direction I'm supposed to be going. I don't know, but that doesn't discount the fact that Bruckner's VP of fixed ops, if I were to call down there and say I'm going to be an Amarillo. Let's talk. I'm sure he would.

Matthias Miller  44:24
So side note, what's keeping you from buying a plane ticket or driving your RV down there and just showing up on the step money?

Speaker 1  44:31
I'm broke. I Okay. I have between building out the strategy stuff and trying to get the platform together and the partnership, and then my time in Woodland Park, which was not cheap, I just kind of felt like everything had come together and I wouldn't have it. But man, all I, yeah, I can tell you about part of my personal story sometime, and you'll understand why I'm broke. But it's, it's, it's just interesting. Thing to me that everything I do seems like it's on a shoestring. And I really, I have some people I can go to for investment, not family, by the way, and people in the industry that get it, you know, and they would, they're sharp enough to get it, but um, I just haven't done that. I just, I feel like I'm alone in space. Frankly, I feel like I'm just out here floating around and, man, I hate that feeling. I don't, I don't feel like I have a lot of direction. But I, I, I don't know. It's just really hard to explain. I just, I kind of feel like I'm, I'm in limbo. I, I don't have the money to move anymore. And I, you know, even if somebody was going to invest or whatnot, that doesn't happen tomorrow. I mean, it's Yeah, so it's, I'm in a real awkward place. Yeah, so I lost my train of thought. I think sometimes I can get pretty caught up in talking about what I think, about where I'm at versus the reality. And it seems like we always paint a worse picture than what it really is, but I really, I'm a very objective, very forward, looking, very excitable kind of a guy. And I, oh, it doesn't matter how bad things get. But I, I'm kind of backed into a corner right now because I don't have the money, and I'd be glad to earn the money, you know, I'd be glad to whatever. But I I just don't have, I don't see any opportunities in front of me right now, and it's really frustrating. I

Speaker 1  47:08
i I think it's worth telling. I want to tell you just real quick, just on a personal level, that

Speaker 1  47:22
it was the the reason I'm in the situation I'm in financially is that back in 22,009

Speaker 1  47:37
my wife was diagnosed with cancer, and I had just been let go from a job, and we went through eight years of cancer treatment with no insurance. And so when she died, at the conclusion of that eight years, I lost everything. I lost my house. I had to liquidate my business and everything just to satisfy debt, and it's, I haven't been able to get back up off of that. It's been eight years now that she's been gone. And every time I've tried, uh, everything I've done, I just, I, I run into something that puts me back down on the canvas. You know, I get a little momentum, and then just, wham, just go down again. And and so, and I'll save you all of those instances, but that's why I'm in the situation I'm in now. I'm not, I'm not a go to work for somebody guy, but that's what I did because I needed to and and it was a good thing, and I'm glad for it, but I just really felt like, you know, at 62 God's moving me on to, you know, to do what I've he's, you know, been building in me my whole life to pull off. And I so I'm in a real odd I haven't sorted it all out. There's a lot there. I just don't understand or see clearly and and I certainly don't say things to draw pity on myself from other people, because I'm not that guy. Um, it's life, it's, it's what happens God, God's grace is, is immeasurably good, and he and I'm in the palm of his hand regardless, I just want to do what he wants me to do. And every time I do that, i i It seems like I end up back in that corner. And so it's that's highly frustrating, and especially when, before you know all of this. And by the way, it wasn't my wife's condition that, for the reason I don't have all I'm not throwing that on her, and that's I'm not doing that, but I've made a lot of really stupid, stupid mistakes, uneducated, knee jerk, impulsive, stupid, stupid mistakes that have cost me majorly. And I've, you know, and I haven't lost it all just once. I've lost it all three different times. But. But, you know, that was part of the game, and I knew I could always come back, and I'm just, I'm stumbling now because I haven't been able to come back like I did before. And technology's changed, the climate's changed, and, you know, maybe God is trying to keep me focused and and away from the things I'm not supposed to be involved in, and I, I don't know, but I can tell you this, that this entire platform that I put together, and the move forward and the money that's involved, and what could be, it ain't about me, it's about him, man, I'm not. I could care less. Listen, I'm in an RV that I that I own, but I if this is all I ever have, I'm okay with that, if that's all God wants for me. But I know that's not the truth. So anyway, so life's hardships kind of come in the way. But I try, I really don't focus on it. Yeah, I'm, I'm

Matthias Miller  51:00
sorry to hear about your, about your wife's passing and,

Speaker 1  51:04
oh, man, yeah, I thanks. I'm telling you, man, she was beautiful. She was the most sold out woman of God you've ever seen in your life. If there was a a poster for God's daughter, it was her Janice. Was amazing. She Wow. Yeah, but she's with Jesus. She don't have the problem anymore. I do. I'm still here.

Matthias Miller  51:29
Understand,

Speaker 1  51:33
30 years, brother, 30 years, and then not to have her with me anymore. I i went through four I went through, I went through almost four years of trying to re identify myself without her and the grieving part. Nobody gives you a book on that. I have no idea what to expect, but I literally thought I was going to die. It's just Yeah, whoo, boy. Wow. Emotional overload. But, but anyway,

Speaker 1  52:15
so we can put that in our purse too. I just love to find somebody to spend the rest of my life with. Yeah, well, I tell you, I've, I've, I've shared an awful lot here, and I haven't given you an opportunity to kind of let me know where you're at. I i will tell you, though that I'm not, I'm not, I'm not interested in just, hey, tell me what you can give me, and then let me go. I really am reaching out, because I there has to be more than just me involved in this thing, and, you know, and I just, I just had a real strong sense here a couple weeks ago that I needed to call and present that to you, because I think it's going to take every bit of how God wired it's wired me, wired you, and another guy that I just reached out to here not too long ago, who's got 35 years in the industry and just wisdom oozing out of him, contacts and everything else. And we started talking just last week. So I kind of feel like I'm starting a new thing.

Matthias Miller  53:30
What preceded the pattern? What preceded losing it all these three times?

Speaker 1  53:37
Um, well, the first time was just I got hung out to drive by the customer. I had done a bunch of work, and I had had, it was actually for a trucking company called Creek carrier in Lincoln, Nebraska and, and it wasn't a lot. I think I lost about 15 grand, which was back in 19 What was that 19? Well, I've been 1990 and and I was out doing contract work for the first time, and and I made some silly decisions about being maybe just a little bit too anxious and proactive on getting some work done. And I had a bunch of printing done, and they ended up telling me they didn't want it. And I it was a debacle. And then, and then the The second time was I had partnered up with a consulting group out of Marietta, Ohio, and I was actually one of their consultants, but they worked exclusively in the truck industry. And it was back when it was back when Internet things really started advancing. And in trucking, it was a real great tool. And so there were truck stops out there that started wiring their parking lots, hard wiring so drivers could pull up and have internet access and that kind of. And and so we developed a kiosk network in those truck stops where the driver could go in and basically pull a bunch of services off of this kiosk for sending their freight, their freight bills, their their paycheck stubs. There's all kinds of technology involved in that. And so we invested into it. Was called parking view, and we invested into that, my partner and I did and and technology swooped in. I mean, it was almost like overnight, um, I also owned an all night truck radio show in Nashville, and so we broadcast every night there, all night long, and it seemed like no kidding. I know it took longer than that, but when the technology shift started going wireless, or there was that, combined with the with the cost of wiring all of these places and the infrastructure, it didn't make sense for investors anymore. And so they cut off the the investors that they did have, the big ones, cut it off. And then us little guys, we just got hung out to dry and and it was, man, it was really sad. But I you know, we shut down the radio show too, because Sirius Satellite Radio launched. And as soon as it launched, literally in 60 days, our revenue stream dried up on our network. We had, we had stations all across the country. And yeah, it's that kind of sucks to think about again too, but yeah, so that was the second time. And yeah, I haven't lost things sitting on my hands. You know what I'm saying? It's always been aggressively going out trying to make things happen. So when, like, I took a vacation to Cancun that I couldn't afford. You know, I've had one vacation in my life, one. Ah, lots to think about.

Matthias Miller  57:11
So there were two things that you can the single connection that would have the greatest impact to you is go find a builder and go find a funder. Go find a go find the opposite of you and I, the guy who shows up, gets stuff done and has enough sales that he can sell himself for the first while, right and and can push through the initial part, second of all the and then second of all the funding to get that, get that off the ground. And if I had to say a third gap that I see that has me worried. Mm, hmm, is the doing business in a shady industry and speed to market and building a moat quickly enough before somebody else can take it over?

Speaker 1  58:18
Yep, you're right. It happens all the time in this industry, and I don't know how to stop that, but I can tell you that there's enough to go around out there, because it's so massive and and I tell you that as far as focusing On Parts and Service dealerships, that's very limited, but that's why I said trucking industry, then ag parts and service, you know, right? RV, Parts and service, they they're all in the same boat and and so those, there's a lots of, there's a lots of different markets to take this into, I mean, look at electricians, plumbing companies, um, any of the trades. It's, it's all the same. They don't have enough expertise and workers in those industries. And this is a great way to compete for those that are working at a high level and finding them.

Matthias Miller  59:30
All right? Well, I mean, you asked what you I think the question was, what can you do for me? I think, I think the one possible outcome that I can see from here is

Matthias Miller  59:47
I've got a guy I would like to bounce this idea off of. He looks for businesses like this. He would probably be connected to funding, if he wanted to. He's a believer who I. Um, I've been around this guy for quite a while, and he's a, he's a sharp guy, and I trust him,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:07
he's he's got God money,

Matthias Miller  1:00:11
God God money, or in connections to God money. And the thing that fascinates me here is, I mean, the thing that's got my attention is the number one thing I look at and everything, is market opportunity. And seems like the market is so well. The other thing to add to that is, if the demand is as strong as you say it is, and I don't have any reason to doubt it. You're gonna have, you're gonna need deep funding. Yeah, growth eats cash, but And you, you're gonna need deep funding to pull this thing off. Yeah? And it could be, and I don't know what the cap is, but there's a, there's a very high cap on this, on this side, Yeah, seems a strong possibility that there's a high cap on this company.

Speaker 1  1:01:06
The Can I just tell you this, the partner that I got in Lawrence, Kansas. He told me when we started adding up the numbers, and he said, just in trucking alone, he said, If you were to get a sliver, you know, like, than, like, less than 25% of all of the dealerships, heavy truck, commercial, heavy truck dealerships that are out there to get on board with this. He said that's 150 plus million dollar a year gig, um, and that doesn't even touch the majority of the market or other industries. So, yeah, it's very significant. And, and, and the money, man, I'm telling you, if they're comfortable about spending the money, these guys have no problem spending money. They don't. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  1:02:03
so sorry. One more question, what's your end game? What do you want out of this? Um,

Speaker 1  1:02:13
I, I want to be the credible source. I want to be the speaker. I want to be the cheerleader. I want to be the visionary that helps guide the ship. I don't want to be the guy that directs every aspect of the ship. I want to know it's the CEO function, really, in a nutshell. But that's the role that I want to play, and I want to, I want to make sure that we are funded enough and well oiled enough to to, you know, to do those things. Something happens to you when you when you Well, first of all, when you lose everything, you learn how to be responsible to every last cent. And I'm you probably not going to find a guy that's tighter than I am anywhere. But I always look for value, and I know what to pay for things in the industry, creative wise, marketing wise, and heck, I can pay my own salary working for somebody, just by what I save them. And I've done it almost, you know, anybody that ever worked for but anyway, I'm getting a rabbit trail there. But I it's the CEO role, it's the, it's the it's the, I want to use the credibility that I have in the space for what I've done to, you know, build up, build up the people in the industry space and also anybody that would be working for us. I truly am a cheerleader, and I love influencing and rallying people, you know, so, but in the end, you know, I obviously would like to, I would like to, I would love a big acquisition, and I'd love to take as much as I possibly can. What

Matthias Miller  1:04:13
do you want to do with it when, once you've got the acquisition? Well,

Speaker 1  1:04:16
the acquisition stuff, you know, today, if I had sold out on, if I had the business and I sold it today, and I had untold millions of wealth in my in my pocket, there are several Christian organizations that I would definitely jump in and be involved with but I gotta tell you, with my time at Andrew Womack, with the vision that he's got and the forward progress I am, he's at the top of my list, and it's I believe in it. I seen it. That's why I was up there for eight months. You know, but I feel, and I felt more and more like God was just showing me that as a precursor to releasing me into what he wanted me to do. So I knew where to go with the money when I had it, you know, and what to do. But I could see scholarshipping students, building building soldiers, man building soldiers up there and and working in a capacity with Andrew Wommack that helps them move on and achieve from a creative and hopefully bring what I can bring to the table and and go into it with some credibility, right? And I'm just not just another guy on the street, Christian guy that would love to do good, you know, but to be able to back it up. And I don't know the extent of that, but I can tell you, just sitting here today, that's my heart. But I it's exciting for me to think about just giving everything away, just giving it all away, you know, I just something about that just stirs me like you can't believe and listen, I've, I've lived at the bottom like right now, I've, I've been here before, and it ain't so bad, but I'll tell you what I just I have the comfort, the assuredness and the proof, over and over and over again that God always delivers, he always delivers. And life is not easy, but if, if you're in a hard spot, that's just life. But God is there, and he knows. And I just man, I'll tell you, I I got saved when I was 10 years old. I got filled with the Holy Ghost when I was 22 and I've lived the Holy Ghost life. I've raised my kids that way. Um, you know, it's been 50 years, right? 5050, years. I've been saved and, and, and, you know, living under the power of the Holy Ghost, I don't do it perfectly, for sure, but, man, I'm telling you, I've just lot of water been under the bridge in my life with a lot of different challenges and exposure to a lot of different things, and I see the spiritual groundswell going on now, man, I just it makes me excited to just do what I'm here to do. And I think that's

Unknown Speaker  1:07:18
this. This is something that when my youngest, when my oldest son, was born, I'd taken a new job. And, long story short, it had only been less than six months after I got filled with the Holy Ghost. I drove to Dallas. I I worked, I worked for Cabela's, and

Speaker 1  1:07:45
I was on their first expansion away from Sydney, Nebraska, before they start building out these behemoth locations, right? But they put a call center in Kearney, Nebraska, which is where I was going to college, and some lady called up one night to make an order for her brother because he didn't have a credit card. And I got to talking to her, and I had that sense in me. I said, Listen, I don't mean to we're not supposed to do this on the calls. I said, but you just sound like one of those Christians that kind of dances in the aisles. And she laughed, and she goes, Oh brother, I'm a hand waving, tongue, talking, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I said, Yeah, I can tell. And she goes, Do you know who Jesus is? And I said, Absolutely. I said, but I don't think we have any churches around here like that. And she goes, Oh yeah, you do. She said, they're called, they're called Spirit filled churches. And I said, Well, I'm a Baptist kid. And she goes, and she goes, Well, you need to, you need to come out. She said, I'll show you a Holy Ghost church that's filled with a lot of colored folks, a lot of white folks, and she said, I'll introduce you to it. So I had lost my driver's license due to too many speeding tickets, and so I was I was without transportation, but when she told me that, I hung up and I had such a hunger, I hung up the phone, and two weeks later, I jumped in my old Delta 8819 78 car and filled it up with gas, and I drove straight through to Detroit, Michigan, from Kearney, Nebraska, and I showed up at her doorstep, and she put me up with this brother that she was ordering for. And the very next day, was Sunday, was church. She took me to church. I was there, and at the end of the service, got filled with the Holy Ghost. I turned around, drove back home, told my girlfriend what had happened, who was Janice, who became my wife. And she said, You did that without me. And so two months later, we bought plane tickets, went back out there, she got filled with the Holy Ghost. And as they say, the rest of the story is history. You know, we raised our kids that way, but we were just fresh out of college. So, man, I'm telling you, it's been quite a life. I I love telling that story. I don't get to tell him very much, but, but pretty, pretty cool. That's good. Eat part of, part of my

Matthias Miller  1:10:03
yeah, that's, that's, that's amazing. One of the questions, yeah, if you had a credible shot at curing cancer through the acquisition of this company, how would you rate that? And I know there's a lot of question marks between here and there. How would I rate that and versus Andrew? Andrews? What Andrew's doing?

Speaker 1  1:10:31
Oh, well, I would go. I would go with Andrew because, because he serves the healer, right? He you know what I'm saying, Andrew, Andrew is plugged in to what God wants and and I think there's a lot better chance than God cared cancer, than some research institute you dump your money into.

Matthias Miller  1:10:51
I'm not talking researching Institute, I'm talking entrepreneurial Investment Group,

Speaker 1  1:10:55
yeah. I mean, I just, I, you know, that's so far out of how I think I don't know. I, yeah, that's fair. I still, I still, you know, institutionally, I would, you know, I would, I would opt probably, for a ministry over something like that.

Matthias Miller  1:11:14
Makes sense. Yeah? Um, right. Well, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:28
let me say thank you for listening to me.

Matthias Miller  1:11:32
Oh, you're welcome Absolutely.

Speaker 1  1:11:34
I appreciate it a lot. I needed it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:11:41
you're You're very welcome. I think, I think one of the things for me is, I mean, I really don't know what else to do besides, let me take what you

Unknown Speaker  1:11:59
shared to digest. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:12:03
and pray into it, perhaps talk to a couple folks about it, yeah. If here's the other question, if somebody said, we are, you know, there were a series of things. Number one, you know, I don't know exactly what it is. If somebody else said that we're going to put a

Matthias Miller  1:12:34
if somebody came to you and said, We want to buy this, you're going to retain equity in the company. You don't have to do anything. We're going to grow it from zero to 100 million, 500 million, billion, whatever it is you you're guaranteed a share when you exit. You don't have to lift a finger. We're going to go run with this thing. Would you be open to that? And what stipulations would have to be in place for you to be happy with that?

Speaker 1  1:13:07
Yeah, I so, you know, when I think about things that I'll be 63 in September, and I'm I'm in good shape, I'm healthy, you know, there ain't no stopping what's going on here. So I do think about that, you know. But I'm not the guy that has a 401, K, I have no retirement at all, and so, so I would want to make sure that I'm, you know, very well taken care of. There's, you know, I can tell you that, based on that scenario, there's something that's very attractive about it, from the standpoint that my brain space would be freed up to focus more on other ministry things. And, you know, that kind of thing right out of the chute, and let people who know what to do. And you know, if I can, if I can, help guide that, you know, that plan and everything. I'm not the smartest guy in the world. All I did was do something successfully that I want to translate into scale and and if, if that, if I can translate that into scale, you gotta understand, I have a huge emotional and personal investment in this industry, it's, I care about it, you know, a lot, I mean, it's and a lot doesn't even do it justice. But I am very passionate about the heavy truck industry, because it's all I have dumped so much into it. You know what I'm saying? So, so there's that aspect of not being able to get in and go do and be, if I could be the figurehead guy for them, that would go do the speaking and be the credible part, because Trucking is part of the good old boys network, and if you're trying to sell into or. To be an authority in the good old boys club, you better be a member and and otherwise it falls on deaf ears and you lose your credibility in your marketplace. Because it's just, it's funny how that works, but I learned that the hard way. Yeah, no, that

Matthias Miller  1:15:15
makes sense. And I think, I mean, I'm just, I think if you had a rinse and repeat replicate system builder CEO that said, Okay, first of all, I'm not going to be jerk, not going to run you over, not going to run you out. You're going to get your money all this stuff, like, all that airtight, there's not some kind of vesting where, suddenly, mysteriously, whatever, all that stuff. You know, right? If he could do that, you could be the guy who's like, Hey, Mark, can you please, like, text next time you park your RV? Can you please give me a call? Yeah. And you're like, hey, let's chat about this. Boom, boom, boom. And then also, let's plan out the events you're going to be at. So imagine a life where you go like, Okay, we have this event in Vegas, but there's this awesome ministry in Vegas that reaches out to, I don't know, folks in the sex industry, or, you know, whatever it is, I don't even know, but, like, or there's some other thing there that you want to get involved with. And so you, you tag team. So you're doing the event, you're doing the ministry, you'll meet some people, you get to go like, and you have a guaranteed salary of you're making, and I don't know what you need to make, but some kind of guaranteed salary that's flush and covers insurance, and you can travel and do whatever you want to without worrying about it. Yeah, and and then have the and maybe it's even having a foundation take equity ownership in it, so that, in the case of the acquisition, it goes straight to the foundation. I'm not the tax accountant, but some kind of arrangement kind of like that seems like you would be, yeah, I'm down for really, really happy space.

Speaker 1  1:17:03
Yeah, I could be and that, and that would be very attractive, I guess. You know, I've never thought about it that way. Tell you truth, Matthias, but you know, if I was presented something along those lines, I would definitely, definitely consider it for sure. Yeah, it's fun for me to be the solution guy and to be the guy that, you know, I would like to accentuate my credibility in the trucking space. Instead of just being another guy, I'd like to be the guy who did this

Matthias Miller  1:17:35
Exactly Okay, and there's no reason why. I think if you're around egoless or, you know, so whatever, yeah, yes, other people will talk about what they did, they will never have the credibility in the trucking space that you probably do just because of history combination, plus being the face, right? But there, there are plenty of people who are quite content being the man behind the curtain, building these things out, and somebody else seeing the praises if they get a paycheck to go with it, like, right, yeah, you're right. Why not? You're right? Um,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:13
yeah, no, I

Matthias Miller  1:18:14
have you Okay, I gotta drop one, one last thing. Um, I'm sure you've read the book by Rg LeTourneau of man and mountains. Say it again. Have you read the book by Rg LeTourneau, mover of of, I am not dude. I messed up.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:33
Do you messed out?

Matthias Miller  1:18:34
You gotta read that, man? Um, do you do Kindle or physical book. Um,

Speaker 1  1:18:41
well, I'm, I'm an, I do, like Audible things on Audible, Audible, Audible books, yeah, like I buy on

Matthias Miller  1:18:49
Amazon. I, yeah, can I? Can I send you an audible of that?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:55
Yeah, man, uh,

Matthias Miller  1:18:59
let me see if I can find it right here?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:02
Yeah, I hear a lot better than I read. So let me

Matthias Miller  1:19:07
see. Let me see if I can find audible, and then send it to your Audible. Audible, audible. I don't even know if it's inaudible.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:15
Oh, okay. Oh, that's all right.

Matthias Miller  1:19:26
Let me take just Kindle, hardcover, paperback, mass market. I'm not seeing anything. All right. Well, if you

Unknown Speaker  1:19:43
what's, what's the name of

Matthias Miller  1:19:46
mover of Men and Mountains, you're talking about heavy trucking, heavy equipment,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:55
man of God, yeah, all this stuff. Yeah. I just,

Matthias Miller  1:20:03
yeah, there's a lot. There's a lot, all right. Well, I gotta drop let me, let me process some stuff, put some stuff together, shoot some stuff over and if you don't hear from me in the next week or two, it's, let's, let's see if we can circle back a couple weeks at most, and, yeah, see where, see where this can go. I'll

Speaker 1  1:20:27
wait to hear from you. And if you want me to send you any information about, by the way, I'm calling this higher logics. By the way, um, uh, H, I, R, E, l, o, G, i, k, s, higher logics is what came up for. But anyway, I you know, if there's information about it or more about me, other assessments, you know, just stuff about me in general, like how I think, what I am, who I am, you know that would help. I mean, I'm an open book. Whatever you want. Just ask me

Matthias Miller  1:21:01
any, any sales material, in particular sales or marketing material that you

Speaker 1  1:21:06
put together for it? Yeah, I've got some stuff. It's a little up in quiller documents online,

Matthias Miller  1:21:13
um, what? Whatever, whatever you feel comfortable without, yeah, whatever you feel comfortable sharing. I'm not asking you to give away the farm or anything. The farm or anything like that, but anything you feel comfortable with sharing any kind of research, I would welcome

Speaker 1  1:21:28
that I don't have any, I don't have anything that I wouldn't send you, you know? So, yeah, I've got a diagram of my funnel. I got some basic sales thoughts and and I've got a couple of presentation documents online, so I can say that kind of stuff. So, alright, bud, listen, thanks for the time. I'm looking forward to catching up with you again. I'm really blessed we talk. So

Matthias Miller  1:21:53
yeah, thanks for reaching out. Alright, see ya. Alright. Take care, Mark. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai