Matthias Miller  00:00
So one of the things that I've been or two of the things I've been thinking about over the past month has been twofold, a combination of strategy and execution. In terms of strategy, the star principle and 8020 are the things that I want to con. I want to become ingrained in my psyche, and I want this to be core to how I lead. And along with that, so So I have, with that, I have paid recordings to to Richard Cash's star principal seminar, and I will also be, I'm enrolling in Perry Marshall's round table this coming year, with a sole, sole priority of building a star business. And so this is, this is the this is the above all else. This is the priority that anything that we do matches or creates star potential, that has to be non negotiable. And I want this to be core, and I wanted this to be part of the conversation so much so that I don't know whether it makes sense for you to have this type of that perhaps you should have some kind of awareness of what this actually means. But this also ties into execution. On the execution side, I am a big believer in the four disciplines of execution. I've read it. It's proven it fits 8020 it's everything that I think execution should be about. And it's let me see if I can recite the four tenets, which you can look up. But number one is wildly important. Goals, establishing them. Number two, establishing lead and lag metrics, and the goal is to have lead metrics that we can control and influence, that will lead to the lag metrics, which are the outcomes that we're after. But we're focusing on the lead metrics, which are the the activities that we can control. Number three is the scoreboard, which whoever is responsible for these activities is responsible for designing. And then number four is a cadence of accountability which creates visibility into whether these are being hit or not. And this is, I believe, in an extremely 8020, way of operating and working. And so with that. So imagine that. So then, what is the what is the equivalent here? I mean obviously, or how do we actually implement this? So I think star principle could be, I think there's a lead metric, which is straight up, proactively me listening to this stuff, and prioritizing this, having time on my calendar when I expect to do it. It could be from 630 to seven every morning on a walk. I don't care. I don't know what it should look like, but having a time when I intentionally indoctrinate myself with star principle and 8020 thinking it's one of the reasons why the 8020 the daily 8020 book, is important to me, and we can go through that. So what are the lead measures? The lead measures are actively listening to that and taking takeaways. And, you know, like, you know, you listen and lag metric is a takeaway, and then, you know, having those takeaways implemented, and then ultimately, a measurable start STAR score improvement. So that's one way of implementing this. The other way of implementing this, then, is on the podcast side. I think that even if we're working with an outsourced podcasting company, I want to hold them accountable, and I want to know what they're I mean, I don't know if I'm overreaching here, but there is this expectation that they are going to deliver a certain number of leads, and so I want a cadence of accountability at a minimum that their deliverables are being met and and if not, then we need to be having different conversations. So all this becomes a very core nucleus of anything that we're doing in the shed industry or anywhere, and I, I would like to fight hard against any types of distractions. Because I think if you want to boil things down to the absolute root of what's going to create success in the business, it's this, and, oh, by the way, one of the things that we need to be considerate of is, as soon as things are in a place where they're delegatable, I need to be extracted from them, and I need to be removed from them, and I need to disappear. And that's going to be best for the business, and it's going to be best for me. So that's those are. Those are some thoughts on a Sunday. Name do.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai