Unknown Speaker  00:27
Hey, good morning.

Matthias Miller  00:30
Hey, good morning Mercer.

Speaker 1  00:32
You got your Colorado hoodie on? Got my Colorado hoodie on me for this wonderful Wednesday.

Matthias Miller  00:38
Yep. Wonderful Wednesday, that's for sure. Nice. Morning Michael.

Unknown Speaker  00:46
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:48
Good morning.

Speaker 1  00:51
Hi Tori. Michael I watched a really interesting video, I would highly recommend it. It's on YouTube. And it's called sheath I'm gonna forget the name of it though. So what was that? I watched a video I thought you guys would like it was really interesting. It was about student loan crisis, like how many college students take out loans and I think it was called like borrowed future. That's like an hour documentary style. And I'm watching it and it reminded me of a conversation we were all sharing on Monday morning when we were talking about you know, different factors in the environment that drive people to make different purchasing decisions or economic decisions and that was something that just caught my eye with you know, the proposal for student loan forgiveness out on the table but then we were talking about maybe a three to five year timeframe of seeing a lot of economic upheaval, but the video was really really interesting if you guys know anyone that's of college bound or college age I thought it was a very interesting documentary borrowed future

Speaker 1  02:27
it might call that sale for the guide the November one the final one he signed you signed this morning on his invoice so I'll process that through the dealer portal today so you should see the building come through on the sales side. Awesome.

Speaker 2  02:48
Hey, Michael, do we have any designer cottages on any lots? I have a lady interested in a 14 by 40 Designer cottage and she was wondering if she could visit a lot and see one I did send her other pictures though of the paneling and 50 year floor and all that but she says she's willing to

Speaker 3  03:09
we do have cottages at each location and we do have design or buildings at least each location they won't all have the combination but they'll be able to see both like see the exterior in one building and then walk inside and see what it looks like inside in another building. Specifically at the Hampton relocation we do have one not in the 14 by 14 size but in a smaller size. Is this what area is this customer from?

Speaker 2  03:42
Greenville, South Carolina. Okay, a little a little ways, but I think our nearest location is about 150 to 170 miles per gallon. Or

Speaker 3  03:58
let's say well mantra location and Hampton liquidation is close to the same distance however, we do have a designer cottage on the Hampton VA location which is not much further. probably recommend them. Look, if the physical lot we have one here.

Unknown Speaker  04:20
Okay, thank you. I'll let them know for sure.

Speaker 3  04:31
If I just got some interesting documents from you. Let's do yours. Your further thoughts on some of the documents?

Matthias Miller  04:41
Yeah. Well, I wanted to continue the discussion. Like Michael to fill you in. Merson Tory were giving some feedback on the deadline for getting quotes in and I wanted to. And Marissa, your proposal was to, we do have a deadline for quotes maybe towards, you know, after Christmas, or just sort of make the deadline be buying by January 7. My argument from a marketing standpoint is to to actually have to have multi multistage deadlines, and to give them an initial deadline of getting a quote in. And I wanted to hear from, from you guys. How. So, I'm going to assume that there were some things some conversations from last month that are impacting your recommendation here, but I wanted to hear a little bit more of you guys's thoughts and understand why you're advocating away from that.

Speaker 1  05:59
You want to understand why we're advocating away from like the urgency deadline, is that the right?

Matthias Miller  06:04
Yes, the the Get your quote by the 19th deadline? Absolutely.

Speaker 1  06:12
I think it's about the relationship with the customer. For me, to be completely honest, rushing someone through the process hasn't seemed to bode well for gaining their trust and their purchase for an online sale of something we can't see touch or experience until they have it on their property. So once we have connected with the customer on the phone, there is what I am finding is that there is not much we can do in the matter of persuasion. Unless we take them at their pace. So if they're not ready, they're not ready. But we're going to keep our efforts as persuasive as possible without shoving it down their throat. Hard and fast deadlines, I think are important. But I think they need to be the actual deadline, not a preliminary deadline mid month, and then and January 7, January 6, the deadline, I think we need to just tell the client like hey, this is the final day to get an order in. For my experience, it doesn't seem to I wouldn't necessarily need the customer to have their quote completed. So early in December, they could reach out the week after Christmas, get a quote pulled together and still benefit from that promotion. So those were some of my thoughts. I hope that answers your question, Matthias.

Speaker 2  07:46
And to add to that, I know there's a lot going on around Christmas and just trying to give the customer a little time after Christmas to still, you know, maybe we aren't able to reach them or, you know, just to still get their quote, get their quote in. Right. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  08:04
So really what should be happening that so basically what you're proposing then is if we do anything, then really what we should be doing is something like a

Matthias Miller  08:28
well, okay, but if we if we, if we're not going to rush to the customer regardless, then even even if we moved this email series, let's say towards if we did a, hey, here's, here's what's happening in the month of December, and a.

Matthias Miller  09:03
Here's what's happening in the month of December and and then we like let's say we kind of wrap my head around what this should look like then. So you're proposing we would still run the email series at the normal? Well, the current email series doesn't make sense with that with that schedule. So are you suggesting a hey, here's what's up and a weekly reminder.

Speaker 1  09:31
Yep. Yeah, since it's a different type of help, I'm not a marketing specialist. But it this type of deal doesn't have the urgency factor to it that the 10% off deal has their only kind of continuing the course that they already are on. This is utilizing the promise of your price in the future will be the same as your price today. They have to already be interested in something for the future. If they are a customer that's interested in something right now, this marketing offer is just it's not as applicable to them. So I truly see this offer as more of a drawing in and commitment securing for the guests that are interested in 2023. And to do that, I feel like there's much more nuanced and conversation to be had with them than a flash sale, or a percentage off sale, like secure your discount today, here's a hard, fast deadline, you're getting, you know, upwards of $1,000 off of your building, this is more of a, we've under business, we want to secure with a promise and put you on our books for the next year. So to me, it's just more of a conversation. And it's less of a urgency factor in the deadline. And I mean, my impression is that this isn't really a short term promotion, it's going to continue on throughout the winter. I mean, in conversations with someone, if they're buying in, they're buying now they're building is in March or April, it's the same, it's the same benefit to them. We're just using it in December as something that we're really highlighting so that we can showcase the folks that are, you know, kicking the can because they're like, oh, it's Christmas time, I don't want to buy the building now. Or, Oh, I'll get it in the new year when I'm ready. We're trying to get them in the pipeline. Now, to secure those dates. Like the write up you did for me gave I thought was amazing with ice where it was like, very poignant on, you're gonna run out of time, or you're not going to be able to get it in the spring. I think that's the urgency factor of having folks make a decision now as opposed to a decision later, but not by a specific, hard and fast date. I really hope that makes sense. But that's kind of my feedback in in the mode of conversations and talking with these folks that are they're interested in spring, they got a lot of stuff, they're lining up, they're trying to get landscapers involved, and they're doing their diligence, you know, pouring cement pads, once the weather breaks, they they have stuff they need to get done before they're building comes. And that's why they're hesitating. This is just a carrot to make sure that we're the shed company that they buy from when they get all their stuff in order.

Unknown Speaker  12:31
Um I hope that gives them. Lisa, what do you think, Tori? Is that what you're feeling?

Speaker 2  12:40
Yeah, for sure. Yeah, you broke it down perfectly. Okay. Same page.

Matthias Miller  12:46
Okay, so. So you're proposing to remove all urgency from it? I mean, you're effectively you're, or that's not completely true. You're repurposing to stay the only urgency is that it's filling up. And we're going to honor this up until, you know, march 1, or whatever it is. Yeah. So why would somebody steal so that then? If there's not if we don't, so then the the only reason for people to do it now versus later is because because we're anticipating being busy, we don't know when we'll be able to get it to them. And there's this unknown factor of what they're actually gonna have to pay for it when the time comes. Right.

Speaker 1  13:41
Yeah, I don't disagree. I certainly don't disagree. It to me, it's more of so you have, you have sales, like specials. And then you have general marketing. Now we have an auto responder that is general marketing for an inquiry, that's our, that's our lead in for a customer make sure they get the conversation going. But we don't, at least, you know, aside from ads and things like that this is more of a targeted message than it is a targeted special. This is just a targeted message to kind customers that have said you know, the future is when I need my building. I don't want it today. I can't I am not ready I gotta take trees down. I got to pour a cement pad first I got to do XYZ but the messaging that we're presenting them is you know, we have we have confidence that you're gonna get your site done. So you know, you have confidence in us that we're gonna save this price for you so sign today instead of signing in April.

Matthias Miller  14:45
I'm going to question on adjusting this offer by the way, Michael, what what would be the what would be your thoughts if we'd not just said you lock in your price, but we'll give you the lowest price and if by chance the price drops Before we build that will, you know, I don't know, write you a check for the difference a refund the difference

Speaker 3  15:16
essentially, you're seeing at this point we're gonna have you sign, we're going to lock down the price, and guarantee that it won't be higher. And if it goes, if we do have a price reduction, we will give you that benefit. Now, what happens if we run this special in January? That means to automatically we're gonna give him than that as well? Is that what you're saying? Or how does that work?

Matthias Miller  15:44
No, if the retail price drops, I think sorry, I haven't thought of completely through.

Speaker 3  15:57
I will say this, that the past when we've done promotionals, whether it was on a new point or through like builders, SDI, I know they have done some of the past where they have had a virtual clock going, SDI has wrecked a virtual clock. And it was like, down to the minute and the seconds like virtually taking. And this is like the promotional that we have going and the time is expiring. So every time somebody would look at it, the clock would literally be showing the minute and the seconds. That's a countdown. And we have always found with those that most of the sales were made in the last week, when that sense of urgency started mounting, and people started. Like, that's when people said, Oh, I have to do something, and I have to get it done. So whether it was run, let's say we ran it for a month, there was some sales made for three weeks, but the last seven days is when really people felt that urgency and made it happen. And so from that observation, what can we take out of it, it seemed like that it was very important that we put a sense of urgency in there. If we're going to do something otherwise it becomes mundane, just vanilla. And sure it's, you know, something I'm going to do but we get distracted with other things. And then we just don't get it done, even though maybe not with with good intentions of you know, we want to get it done. But just like all of us are we just It's doesn't get pushed to the top of the list. So I'm gonna say I have just a little bit of a small level of, of pushback on doing and promotional without a call to action. Seems like it we take the call of action out, it becomes vanilla, and we don't are not going to get too much out of this notional. If we look at historical things I've done I think it would weaken, weaken it quite substantially, of getting people actually come across now. Observation of history and I understand the position of if it's may be some difference there on the nature of the of the motion itself, but Right. So coming back to your question. Go ahead, Matthias.

Matthias Miller  19:03
Well, the one thing that would make this, if we had an anticipated price increase coming. That is one thing that that would help this offer as well. So instead of saying we don't know what's going to happen, if we could say, Look, we know we're gonna raise our prices by X percent, then it really becomes the equivalent of a discount that and that's effectively what consumers aren't necessarily thinking perhaps, perhaps consumers aren't thinking in this in this frame of mind, but that's effectively what they're, what they're guarding against. Go ahead, Mike.

Speaker 3  19:42
Well, to your point of that, historically, as well, when we have had either price increases or material surcharges coming, if we were if we announced those, those always produce more sales, then announcements of discounts is just a feature of Oh man, it's going up, we gotta grab it before it goes up, rather than the message is a little bit different if you say, oh, discount is coming, and then and then people are like, Oh, the prices are high. And maybe if I wait even a little bit longer, maybe they'll come down some more perception is up. But still, discounts have always worked good. Like they've actually produced a bunch of sales, but as many as, as as in as an enterprise. But obviously, there's marketplaces were called for both. I mean, if everybody is like materials are coming down, I mean, it's just nature of you can't be announcing a price increase with material prices coming down. So circling back to your question there, Matthias, I'm struggling a little bit on that one. How to answer that one? For sure, if we're going to do circle right on the backside of that and do a discount? And would we then have to, we would just say we would just terminate, we would create a terminology that says, if are somehow excluding some like, a special is what you're saying?

Matthias Miller  21:31
Yeah, and then, then the moment you start talking about that, you introduce that idea. And it creates more.

Matthias Miller  21:44
Yeah, it creates more question and what it's worth? Almost. Almost, I'm not really sure I like the idea. So okay, follow up question. For for you guys missing Tori, why would you want to continue this, you know, if we, if we switch into the 6.75% off, and what are we going to be doing in February? Is there a reason you would want to keep offering this to them? I mean, it's

Speaker 1  22:19
I think it's a matter of getting them to actually not delay and sign the paperwork. As opposed to all get back to you in the spring, once I have all my other stuff in order, and then they don't, and they end up going with a different company. Because they've had more time, I think what we're doing is we're capturing their attention while they are connected to us. They have the autoresponder campaign in front of them, the questionnaires fresh, conversations with us are fresh, and we're like securing that momentum. That's why I would want to keep going with it through the winter. Even to the point of if it's successful, and we line up quite a few sales for the spring, throughout the winter months, making that a standard practice for the winter, because we know people are hesitant to buy in the winter. But that doesn't mean they're not researching. It doesn't mean they're not planning. And I'd rather snatch them up while they're looking at us, as opposed to when the busy season comes. And then they try to squeeze in. And we've missed our opportunity because now you know, somebody else took that spot, or the customer goes elsewhere because we don't have a spot for them.

Matthias Miller  23:40
So let's say we keep the promotion going through. Going through however long we need to it's just through it's springtime thing, springtime guarantee through delivery through April 30 whatever point we start early times don't allow for that the it goes away and it becomes less meaningful the closer you get. Is there some benefit that can be is there some benefit that can be can disappear? January 7, that gives them a reason to do that before January January 7.

Speaker 1  24:17
Oh, it's not really. I mean, it's not to me it's not that type of promo. It's not it's not

Matthias Miller  24:26
but can we pair it with another promo? Can we? I don't really I don't, okay, I could be completely wrong. And you know, famous words The answer to everything is test. But if it's if it remains open ended I still don't really see there is no real reason.

Speaker 3  24:52
So if if there's not a call to action on that I would say I'm almost hesitant in To put it make that the promotional as like the thing that we are preaching on on our auto responder, it almost seems like without like phone call to action on it. Would we be throwing this out there, how would this be received with the promotional that we did last month

Speaker 3  25:31
if he would do one of two things we would do some sort of product related promotional that we would push, or we would drop that motional to that suggested 6.75 And do it instead like oh, it's not like it was last month to the people that got that it actually dropped. But we still got to the law for everyone and or the new ones that came on board, it would be perfectly fresh. I know some of the thought pattern behind the push on last month was, oh, let's not do anything the next month anything similar because it'll weaken what we just spoke about that. No, I'm talking down completely different direction.

Speaker 1  26:34
Michael, that makes sense to me a lot. Because the the promise to the customer to save their price is not a hard and fast deadline in January, it's going to extend into February, closer to the spring to pair it in the short term with something like a product offer. Similar to what I believe when I started in October, there was something running for insulation. And I don't recall off the top of my head, there were two items. Those could be temporary, I think it was insulation and security bars on Windows, those certainly could be, you know, not only secure your price, but if you do so before January 6, you can benefit by these products being discounted on your building something common that they're they're utilizing, not something uncommon that they are like, Yeah, I don't want that. That's just, that's just too much. I think that would be awesome. Because then that would bring the urgency factor for them to make a decision, get the discount on the feature, while also securing the price for April. I think that's a great way to kind of like force the decision. And not be you know, if I'm a customer, and I'm reading that the deadline is January 7, for me to secure a building in the spring, then we shouldn't run that offer for the rest of January or February, we should stop on January 7. But if we're running it through the whole, say we're running it to February 28. We can say like your like your suggestion, Michael is you know, in conjunction with this offer, we have a limited time offer that you can get both, you get your price lock and you get you know 20% off of the purchase of the door that you chose, you know something that's specific to just one item. That would be great, because then we can push the urgency on the product. And then we also have the ability to extend to other guests into the winter when it's very slow in January or very slow in February, that same promise of you know a spring price

Speaker 2  28:53
for people that are wanting to buy right then would they just get the free product or the percentage off the product?

Speaker 1  28:58
I think so I think it'd be like what happened in October where you have your installation 50% off great. You know since your deal. Yeah, definitely.

Speaker 3  29:10
So what if we did? What if we did just tossing this out there just listening what have we said, Oh, well. So pairing up with this price guarantee is will give you if you you can do a free upgrade to the tech shield radiant barrier on the inside and your walls new roof at new charge and lock it in. Yeah, for that price for delivery. Out to April 30 impair those up. Is that what you're thinking? Is what's your thoughts on that one?

Matthias Miller  29:55
i Yes, something like something like that sounds great. I think the specific You know, what it specifically is? Can can vary and depend. I mean, I think that's up to up to you, Marissa and Tori to figure out what's what's, what's a good, what has good appeal. But I think having an offer like that, that we can then pair with the springtime guarantee, I think is fantastic. I, unfortunately, have a call at the top of the hour have made Mary the host. So I do have to drop off. I'm good with that. Or if you guys, if you guys need some more time, you can just let me know where you guys want to go. And we can kind of pivot.

Speaker 1  30:40
Yeah, live with Mary is the host. As you drop off here, Matthias, let's determine what that product offer is here with Michael, Tori, Michael and I, Michael, I mean, what makes financial sense? Is it better to discount a product that we know everyone's going to have on their building like a door? Or do we? Does it make better financial sense for the company to offer something extra for free? Like you mentioned, the radiant, the tech shield.

Speaker 3  31:07
There are some strategic little add ons that financially make more sense. Things like the window in the door. Those all come standard. So if we take away from that, that definitely takes away from well makes less financial sense, then if we don't tamper with those space things, and do some of these upgrades does make more financial sense, especially in in it varies from time to time on materials. What material pricing is doing right now? It specifically I mentioned textual just because yeah, we things in inventories are looking and and the pricing is right now, it could make a pretty good sense of that particular thing. There's several things that we could do. We could do. More insulation type thing that we've done before seems like tech shield has more appeal from customers in the past for I've seen as far as overall interest in in people and to comply to tool sheds. Some more could be burglar bars, the burglar window bars, those are a little bit more specific to let's see, we could do

Unknown Speaker  32:36
a Michael. Go ahead Tori.

Speaker 2  32:38
So we give them the option to pick an item they would like to upgrade. Like if they wanted the Lux cart floor if they wanted to upgrade the door for free. Would that makes sense?

Speaker 3  32:53
Some of those are a little bit tricky. So some of these things, there's a lot more margins in it than others are. And, and and a lot more expensive options too. So if we just make the door completely open, and then it could be a little tricky. somebody buys a 14 by 40 and says, Oh, let's have the load scarred 14 times for the the we're looking at $2,000. So it can be a little tricky. So I think we should have some memories with some guidelines, there also seems like last seems to be a good one, too. That's pretty widely used and sought after and brings value to a lot of people. But some more thoughts from ERISA?

Speaker 1  33:40
No, I was actually thinking of a lot. And I wanted to interject with that, because it seems like to offer something as an upgrade that is not going to be exponentially large and square footage for material costs aloft is only going to be so big, 14 feet wide by you know, four feet deep 40 That's $200 in materials if it's a small building, you know, maybe upwards of $600 in materials on the biggest building. You know, that's that will be an interesting upgrade. Um

Unknown Speaker  34:17
I suggest go ahead. Oh, go ahead.

Speaker 1  34:21
I was also going to comment that, you know, there is somewhat of a trick that you can we could play with things like doors. If a if a barn door 72 inches double barn door on a you know, smaller shed where they're just storing lawn equipment is only $175 on their invoice. If we were to discount something like that 50% off. That sounds like a big savings. But in reality, it's only dropping the bottom line by a very small margin. So Anything like that is what I'm hoping we can accomplish were it to the customer it sounds like wow I'm getting 50% off of this product, but we're not actually losing a lot in the cost ratio. So if you were to say you know, all barndoors for the springtime because that's what we're pushing here is we're pushing for a certain clientele who said all barn doors are 50% off if you buy your spring building before January 6, the loss in that is less than if we were to give away radiant heat barrier which could be two $300 on their invoice and they may not even want that but they have to have a door so that's my thought is put it on something that they have to have so that it's more enticing to secure it so there you go there's my little soapbox and then like you were mentioning to worry about upgrading you know it's a barn door without windows well if they upgrade to a barn door with windows they might do that if they have the 50% off in their pocket or they might you know Michael I don't know if we want to stay away from the prehung doors because that's a fixed cost to you guys in purchasing the materials maybe we keep it specific to the ones that you guys construct yeah just an idea

Speaker 2  36:41
Yeah, I think whatever makes the most sense to where we don't take a huge loss you know, right

Speaker 1  36:48
and Michael we don't know what the inventory surplus is like on site so you know obviously throw things throw those whatever you say is good we'll roll with it these are just our ideas based on what customers seem to want.

Unknown Speaker  37:04
Right? Master real quick. What if we did out his window windows look to you? Does that look windows? Do they look like something that is necessary? From what you're hearing from your customers? Or

Speaker 3  38:33
more doors like being a bigger like selling point to the customer?

Speaker 2  38:40
I would say doors I agree with doors. I don't think people worry too much about the window size unless they have insulation already

Speaker 3  38:51
everything Oh what have we said the promotional is 50% off your doors any doors you put in there is 50% off for this month plus we guarantee to lock in this price for spring delivery is that what you're thinking?

Speaker 1  39:12
I think so. Yeah, if you can bear the cost of that Michael because a double fiberglass door I mean it's $750 So if we can't do a if we have to negate certain types of doors, that's fine. You know, we can do the carriage style we can do the barn door style, anything that's going to be bearable loss of that

Speaker 3  39:38
that's fine. They would be a little bit some, you know, take the good with the bad there I think because if somebody chose a little obviously the pain is greatest on the small sheds. On a large shed, it becomes a lot more mini skill. The small sheds is where it could be fairly painful. But I would say I I would I'm getting for that. Try that that mentality that that, that thought pattern of of doing it on something that everybody, every last person is going to put a door in there except for I will say, in my career of building sheds for about 24 years. We built one shed without any windows and doors. It was crazy. We actually did crazy. The guy said, we said really? And he said, Oh, yeah, yeah, I'll just I don't know where I want him yet. I was cutting the windows and doors later. Man was years old. I'm good with that. I'm good with that. I would say 50% off doors and conjunction with the other thing if you want to communicate that with Matthias in his his lingo and stuff, I'm good with that. Let's try that.

Speaker 1  40:54
Okay, and you're okay with that for all types. prehung carriage, or indoor? You're okay with that. Okay. And the hard and fast.

Speaker 3  41:01
So you're saying you're saying? I didn't really think about that. Let me let me take a quick peek at that for the garage. Think about the garage door. Let me just let me just take me the walk in doors or lock the doors. Yeah. Yeah. Walk in door. Let's keep it to walk in doors, garage doors. Let's separate. Those are a little bit more tricky for us. Sure.

Speaker 1  41:22
Understandable. And you know, it might entice folks that do have a garage door to add a man door because they have that promo and then you know, it's a little bit of an upsell. It's not as like Okay, so 50% off walking doors with a hard end date on January 6, Friday or January 7, the Saturday. Is that your day to work? Tori. Is that why we did that day?

Unknown Speaker  41:53
January 7.

Speaker 1  41:54
Yeah. I don't know why that number is in my head.

Speaker 2  41:59
Let me see. January. Yeah, I do work that day.

Speaker 1  42:06
Okay, or you can wrap up any sales that might be under the deadline that day. Okay. So January 7.

Speaker 2  42:18
Okay, so are we starting this now? With the persons okay. Yeah. So if someone wants to purchase now say someone wants to purchase today? Do we throw that in there for them? Or

Speaker 1  42:30
are you okay with that, Michael, if we're making calls today that we're we don't have the email campaign out yet. But we can verbally share that with a customer that's interested.

Speaker 3  42:42
I think that's I'm fine with that. I think that's that's fine. Okay. We should probably communicate with Matthias and just make sure that the loop with that. And Marissa, is that something you want to? Yeah, I'll tackle get in the loop on. Absolutely. Okay, good. All right. Well, appreciate it.

Speaker 2  43:10
Thank you. Have a great day. Bye, everybody. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai