Ian Miller  00:02
Yeah, hello, this is in is this Isaac? Hi there, Isaac cow are you doing today?

Isaac  00:09
Boy, how you

Ian Miller  00:11
doing? All right, I got your voicemail and was just calling back to did I catch you at a bad time? Or should I try to call back later? It is now worth the talk.

Isaac  00:19
This is good.

Ian Miller  00:22
Yeah, so I think you were calling out or to add you saw about software. Is that right?

Isaac  00:28
That what

Ian Miller  00:30
about software for your business? Is that right?

Isaac  00:33
Yeah, yeah. No, no, he's talking.

Ian Miller  00:37
Yeah. So cut. Yeah, I'm with code crafters and your voicemail. You had mentioned, you saw our ad in the claim business community exchange,

Isaac  00:46
I believe and yeah, we actually got your name to start with from fireside or what? Oh, okay. Coffee Shop.

Ian Miller  00:55
Okay. Sure. Yeah. Well, I'd be happy to hear a little more about what made you call what you're looking for and see if it's something that we can help with or not.

Isaac  01:08
We're using, we're going to be rebuilding business visit, we do, we do our wholesale part. So we have a couple prices price level. And then we do a lot of searching for parts that we try keep records out. So we if we search for real hard to find adventure hard to find part for half a year later, or five years later, we'll know where we got the port without a whole lot of repeat happening. So that's the main thing that I can think that might set us apart from workday, the average that then we do try to put a catalog for that. Or a catalog or pray for that.

Ian Miller  02:02
Okay, see your price list specifically for the repair jobs that you do? Are you actually sell the parts themselves?

Isaac  02:09
We sell the parts themselves? Okay. Our our main customers is like an engine rebuild shop.

Ian Miller  02:18
Okay, sure. Yeah, with that we

Isaac  02:19
offer rebuild parts, we offer individual part. We're basically a wholesale distributor.

Ian Miller  02:29
Okay.

Isaac  02:30
With that we do the odd the machine shop for all the local? Well, I can say all but mostly local.

Ian Miller  02:40
Okay, so you got a machine shop for them? Yes. Okay, so basic anything you say that you often you're searching a lot for parts. And you're wanting to know where to find that part. If, say you found a certain part on this website or that store? You have record where to get it when you need that partner? Yeah, right.

Isaac  03:11
The way we the way we do it now is we actually put a page to that part and tag it with an engine model. So that we can search by engine model. And see what all parts we have available for us.

Ian Miller  03:35
So the engine model is being associated or being linked to that specific part so that you can at any time, pull up the whole part list that you've ordered for that specific engine model.

Isaac  03:47
Yes. And then with that myth, I might have your three different suppliers for the same port quarter you protects the buyer, or what or who has it available.

Ian Miller  04:01
Mm hmm. So what I'm hearing you say is you're basically wanting to build sort of the equivalent of a of a phonebook or like a directory that you a directory of sorts for your all your suppliers, right?

Isaac  04:23
would be a good way to word it. Yeah.

Ian Miller  04:32
And how do you how do you like right now how do you track all that information for your suppliers

Isaac  04:39
we're using or live or good technology? Lakewood. Door live

Ian Miller  04:48
or live okay? But technology leaks with QuickBooks, okay. And why and why? What is it that you like about it? And what what are the things that you're that are making you look for other solutions or options for that? That's,

Isaac  05:09
that's a good question. I guess the thing that I like about it, what actually, we, we added to QuickBooks because we had to wait part numbers for QuickBooks to track inventory. So that we went to the store alive, because neuralyzed seems like a have a good strong base. And I guess we start to be able to customize for us, but it doesn't seem like customizing is something that there is that either support is what we're really struggling with.

Ian Miller  05:51
So when you're having running into issue, you're having trouble getting a hold of someone to help you. Is that right?

Isaac  05:57
Or have them here here say yes, we'll try to help you or no, we can't give reasons why. The communication link just doesn't seem we just hit Bridgette. You can read through this. Yeah. And actually, if I'm asking for too much, you know, I can do good with it.

Ian Miller  06:32
Yeah. So So our live is with Did you say was good technology? Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Isaac  06:49
So when they said, we're probably one of their first one, they were gone for the Thor's for the retail stores, the door to get in the manufacturing phases. And so we were the first one to set up.

Ian Miller  07:03
Okay, and how long have you been with it?

Isaac  07:06
We'll say, three, or year? I'd have to look.

Ian Miller  07:14
Mm hmm. So you're saying they're communicating your challenges is hard to get the help you need? Or the communication isn't good. What what are some of the issues that you're running into, specifically that you've needed? help with?

Isaac  07:32
One is inventory tracking, if we order report, somehow we can tell that before it actually entered into the system or received I guess, I should say, and we do that quite a bit. We order parts and we finished job and we need to build it before we ever get an invoice from the vendor. And then

Ian Miller  08:08
Okay, yeah. Yeah. So you order the parts, and you get it and then you sell it, but it's all before you get the invoice from?

Isaac  08:21
It can easily be that way.

Ian Miller  08:24
Yeah, yeah. There's some

Isaac  08:25
stock that we have here. There's sometimes we get the invoice right with the little ones we buy regular from was that the packet was at the end of the month before the end of the month, but it can't go that way.

Ian Miller  08:49
So would you be hoping to use this for inventory management as well?

Isaac  08:55
We would.

Ian Miller  08:57
Yeah. Would you use it in a in a fairly basic way and that you're just wanting to see how many parts of each current parts that you have are and when and then knowing when you need to place your next order? Is that basically how you use it? Yeah, we would use it and using it to put together your

Isaac  09:24
your purchase order quotes and further quote.

Ian Miller  09:32
I assume you're one way you're using it, you're just updating your price list on a fairly regular basis when prices change and so forth, too. Right?

Isaac  09:40
We are we're we're always try to run across each other I guess. But a lot of other parts. We actually don't have a price list for that we actually entered when we get to 40 that are those that can't sell before have the invoice. Sure. Yeah, we do run into that quite a bit. That actually is always the only way our presets gets updated.

Ian Miller  10:09
Yeah, okay. Sure. And you place an order, and then you see Oh, the prices this much, and then you update it. Yeah.

Isaac  10:17
Yeah. That's something that I think we would like to have yet if we can get like a price. Update.

Ian Miller  10:29
Yeah. And how would you envision doing that? would you ask your suppliers for periodic priceless updates? upload?

Isaac  10:40
Craigslist. But summer we'll have 1000s and 1000s of parts of our lease.

Isaac  10:48
So we were never, never quite putting all the parts in. And they do make tools that they that we copy just the part numbers we haven't assisted. And that's something I think we would use it if we would learn how to use it was available.

Ian Miller  11:15
That I think

Isaac  11:16
I think I thought I would do that if I would, if I would finish it.

Ian Miller  11:23
Sure. Okay, so anything else that you're looking for, if you would change,

Isaac  11:50
we do a fair amount of kits or assemblies to that they were set up pretty decent for. One thing we would do different is, if we got our part description, if we would have like some columns in there, we can put sizes in like ID or od or like, and then we could actually sort by the ID or we could sort by the OD that we would use quite a bit if we had

Isaac  12:33
that or I guess one thing that we would hope we could look for is what I call our catalog, if we could look, if we would have a screen that would go on there we can, we could work at like what we want to print what we don't want to print. What we don't have in store live is a way of organizing that. Yes, here they did some watch and send it to the printer. And now this time, they said they can see what it takes to set it up that they can make it I can export it into an Excel form. And it actually work already in there. But I'd like to record in their system that would stay the same in the system, whatever it takes

Ian Miller  13:28
to basically you're wanting to be able to export your or be able to download your parts list into a cat into a catalog that miserable for people point at the right

Isaac  13:39
farside says what is the CSP program or cvf? program?

Ian Miller  13:43
Yes, yes. Yes. The format, right? Yeah. Yeah.

Isaac  13:49
And they're fed if it was in columns, like even the tag ends in models and makers.

Ian Miller  13:58
Okay, sure. Yeah.

Isaac  14:00
And if if we could put it in column did we could put it in there. And that was, yeah, I think that would be our preference.

Ian Miller  14:13
And these, these catalogs, or these parts list that you're downloading and printing would be, are you are you actually printing them and sending it out to your different clients, or customers? Or are they? Okay, we're pregnant. And so then they're referencing this when they're looking at parts that they need, and they see Oh, here's the part we need. And they're calling you off and cornering it then that

Isaac  14:39
we're actually like advertising that we got a catalog available, and then they'll get a catalog and go through catalogs or report.

Ian Miller  14:51
Gotcha. Yeah.

Isaac  14:54
Actually, factual was formatted as a priceless wizard. Yeah. And then

Ian Miller  15:02
Just a whole bunch of rows and columns, right? Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yep, that makes sense. Okay. So basically, you're wanting to build a whole catalog of all your parts, as well as a directory of all your suppliers. Yeah. And being able to see, for each part, who the supplier or suppliers are, and what that price, the current price is being able to update these prices. And also being able to export your catalog of parts for your client.

Isaac  15:50
Little stock items. So I got a certain supplier, I opened up a work order, like automatic order, that anything that's down to my minimum would get put on the purchase order and stop at the maximum.

Ian Miller  16:09
Can you see run through that for me again? Sorry.

Isaac  16:13
If I'm making a purchase order for a certain vendor that I stock for? Yeah, I could go I can go on totalized system and where they have automatic purchase order. And I got a minimum, my minimum and maximum column and then an order whatever I'm low on automatically Sure.

Ian Miller  16:35
Okay, sure. Yeah. Yeah. Gotcha. And so you're you're setting Yeah, you have your maximum amount set for the amount of inventory you want to have. Yeah. To start with and your minimum what triggers restock?

Isaac  16:54
Yeah, that minimum it would trigger

Ian Miller  16:59
trigger restock. And so it's your your purchase order is automatically created based on these minimums and maximums? Yeah, that right. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yep, that makes sense.

Isaac  17:17
With that, which is not such a big deal, I might have three or four jobs go on that most of the parts are coming from the same vendor from the same job so I take a work order and write it up on a work order then transfer it into POS and once I get my order, no, it'll backtrack right back to the work order. And a lot of my vendors have like our minimum to the pay freeze or to it was that I can order if I can put three or four pios on one to make

Ian Miller  18:01
sure yeah. Now are you wanting to use this system to also so as to do your sorry, I'm drawing a blank when when you're writing up when clients call up and be like, I want to place this order. Are you using that then? Are you wanting to use this software then to do order management? generate invoices and stuff?

Isaac  18:38
Yeah. That would be my point of sale or whatever and

Ian Miller  18:41
yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Then do you always manage Do you always get your orders over the phone? You have people walking in have both email orders what how do you get your orders

Isaac  18:58
we would do it either way there were heard or fax or probably like he would be heard.

Ian Miller  19:07
Okay, sure. Yeah.

Isaac  19:15
Or like will be will pick up the agent for like a block and stuff and they'll have an order of reports right with it.

Ian Miller  19:23
Okay. Did you do you have internet there at your shop?

Isaac  19:33
We do but not not full.

Ian Miller  19:37
Okay. So in other words, you can you can access only specific webpages that are whitelisted Is that right? Okay.

Isaac  19:52
They will have your cell phone

Ian Miller  19:56
okay. Yeah, no, I think this is making sense. What you're what you're wanting is making sense. So, couple more questions yet. So are you? How many employees do you have? Okay. And how many employees would would need access to the software that you're that you would be using? I think how many would be convenient or nice?

Isaac  20:43
Three or four, three or six? Okay. Actually the police.

Ian Miller  21:06
Okay. And then you mentioned that what you have right now syncs with there is integrated with QuickBooks. Is that right? Yeah. And what does it when it integrates? What kind of information is going back and forth?

Isaac  21:33
Don't know if I can answer that in pool, but my vendor list would all go in there, I would actually pay my bills out equippable. And I would have paid employees out of QuickBooks. So that would all integrated into sales. categories in the field.

Ian Miller  22:10
Okay, so and you and whatever software you get, you want to be able to think back and forth with QuickBooks and that right.

Isaac  22:21
Left, we would, yeah, the left. We were very pleased with both.

Ian Miller  22:26
Sure.

Isaac  22:28
But QuickBooks is not what I'm pushing to replay.

Ian Miller  22:33
Okay. Yeah.

Isaac  22:42
Because by the vagaries is three books out there. Quick book evaluations that we really like what we get there. We value.

Ian Miller  23:03
Okay, yeah. So would you be interested in hearing a little more about what, what we what we do and how we do software projects? We would, you know. So the way we the way we work is that the systems that we build are usually for people who are not really finding what they were looking for, in out of the box software. So off the shelf soccer, soccer that's already been built, sort of, for the general audience or for multiple users to you or multiple businesses to use, typically a bit more generic. It's not as custom you might say, it's not as specific. And so for some people that that works, but people we often build software for people who have found off the shelf software not to work or meet their needs.

Isaac  24:12
is I think I would pretty much describe where I feel we're at Whitworth door live is maybe targeting there.

Ian Miller  24:23
Yeah, and I heard you say that you you had tried getting them to customize some and that's not really what they do. Right.

Isaac  24:30
Well, early on, we thought that is what they do, because they were setting up programs, but now we're finding out if they make changes, you know, some of our stuff will get erased and so it's not the customer I at least wanted it that way.

Ian Miller  24:49
Yeah. Sure. Yeah. So custom software doesn't necessarily isn't necessarily Get Fit for everyone. But the ones who are the ones who don't necessarily need custom software or people who are businesses that maybe don't have a very specialized way of operating, maybe it is, it fits sort of with the normal workflow of how a lot of other shops run. And so you can just use off the shelf software without any, any challenges or problems, or minimal challenges and problems. But like, what you're running into custom, when you need custom or tweaks, that's not what they really do. And so that makes it harder to get his specific needs met. Those are just people we work with.

Isaac  25:49
That is our filming block.

Ian Miller  25:51
Yep. So the way, the way we we work is we start with the design phase. And the design phase is basically just like what you and I were doing here talking about exactly what you need and how it needs to function, the information, you need to be able to track the reports you need to generate and all the details. Because we want to make sure we have the blueprints or the plan for the software before we even before we even jump into the project, so that we're not building something that when it's actually going to be used, we realized, Oh, this isn't exactly what you're looking for. So we start with the design plan. And that involves a series of phone calls, with our head designer or head talker designer, Matthias he, he spends about an hour at a time on the phone, just asking lots of questions and digging into the app, pushing in on into specific things, asking certain questions, and continues to develop the design for the project until he has finalized design in place. And so the design provides multiple things. First of all, it helps you to visualize what it's going to look like the cool will give you mock ups and so forth. So you can see visualize how it's going to work. And we also provide a price upfront how much this is how much it would cost so that you don't face any surprises down the road, realizing Oh, this could cost a lot more than I realized. So that you know what you're getting into into that we know what we're getting into and know what what the scope of your project is there.

Isaac  27:43
We're both happy. Yes.

Ian Miller  27:45
That's right. That's the goal. Yeah. So that's, that's why the design, the design phase is really important to us and says the design phase is is the first the first step that we do. Now after the design phase, that's when you you take a look at the the project you're like, is this something I want to move forward with or not, and if not, we, we can bless you in moving forward with something else. If we identify something else, that would be a better fit. Like we, we want to move forward. And then we move forward into the development of your software. And after we've developed the software built it, we test it to make sure it works the way it's supposed to we we do like a screen share session with you to walk through it with you to make sure it functions the way you want it to. And then we help you get on boarded so that you and your employees know how it works. And then we provide ongoing customer support for the software. And as needed, we're available to make additional tweaks to add to keep building on to if down the road, you're like I want to do another project. To do this, this and this, we can always do another design plan and design phase and build more software more features into it. That's sort of a rundown of how of how we work. So the design design phase is is a 20 $500 investment upfront. And that that covers the whole design plan. And then if you're like I'm ready to move forward with the development then 50% of your design investment is applied as credit towards the final cost of the projects. So in other words 1250 of the 2500 is applied is credit towards the final cost of the project. Okay. If you You're not ready, you don't want to move forward, then then that ends up being the cost of the design plan to get to that place.

Isaac  30:09
Okay.

Ian Miller  30:13
Does that make sense? So far? It does.

Isaac  30:16
And there's one question I had firefight talks about you send it overseas to get it done.

Ian Miller  30:31
Yeah, so we had, we, with the nature of our work, were able to work remotely. So here stateside, we have we provide the customer support, and the testing. So anytime you need help from start to finish, you're talking with me or one of our co workers here stateside, silent here in New York. Head of customer support lives in Virginia, the head designer lives in Colorado, so we're all working remotely. But we're all working here. stateside, we have the development is over in, in Asia. For the owner, the business actually lives there. And he manages the office, he oversees it to Ellis Miller. He's from central Kansas, actually. And he and his family moved to Bangladesh, back about 10 years ago, with the idea of starting a business as ministry so as a way to, to connect with people and to provide a platform for him to be there in the country. He started this business, he has years of experience in software. And so he's the one who's overseeing the whole development, the whole development side of things. And

Isaac  31:58
then I have one question on that. And I think of talking through this. And I know your base over here, pretty much take care of it. But my bank is is very, very cautious on any overseas credit card transactions. So what happens if I send all my personal financial information overseas?

Ian Miller  32:22
Yeah, no, that's a that's a good question. So for one thing, all your payment and all that is handled here stateside. So we're we're doing all your billing all your all the financial side of things here stateside. So yeah, you won't need to be doing any financial transactions worth doing overseas.

Isaac  32:45
Bingo is my data by my information. It's all on there probably all be connected overseas.

Ian Miller  32:54
So if they had access to it, there's there yeah, that that could be the the challenge. But you're all the customer information is very limited in what's available to, to the employees overseas. So we have a lot of security built into it. And so this this platform, the platform that we're building it on is is actually used by a lot of like in the financial investment world. And we don't, we ourselves aren't necessarily a lot of our customers are from the conservative anabaptist circles. But Ellis has also done a lot of work for a big software company that that works with that provides software for invest investors, and financial managers. So there's a lot of security built into this system that poker that definitely helps safeguard that.

Isaac  33:58
Okay.

Ian Miller  34:01
Yeah, but no, that's definitely a valid concern with all that happens. on the, on the internet these days. It is something we take really seriously during the security and the information of our our customers. Okay.

Isaac  34:20
You say you're in New York?

Ian Miller  34:22
That's right. Yep.

Isaac  34:25
No, that would, that would eliminate your COVID out and so that's what you have. We would do it on a screen.

Ian Miller  34:37
Yeah, so a lot of the Yeah, the stuff that we, we do, we can do it all we can do like screen sharing, like, I don't know, are you familiar using zoom or TeamViewer?

Isaac  34:47
TeamViewer. We are.

Ian Miller  34:50
Yeah, so we, we would be able to onboard you to TeamViewer. Now if you're in you're in central pa Is that right? Yeah. cleansers. Okay. So it's not out of the question that we could call in person that definitely makes the onboarding more, more challenging if we have to call in person, but we, we were very familiar with doing the onboarding and training, the theme screen sharing. So that's what we would side towards if possible. Yeah. And I think we could make it work.

Isaac  35:31
What they? I guess, we're very challenges. technology's dear for me. I'm 61. Three. I don't pick it up. And stances. My sons and my daughters do. But so far, I wasn't. Maybe it should be more to four. I wasn't comfortable with this the turtle resent yet? Yeah. In other words, I'd like to know what I'd like to know the depth of it. I know, I can't remember what they can. And I want to see them be a part of it. That's why I asked about, and we talked about that. That part would be easier if we all sit down together.

Ian Miller  36:19
Sure. But yeah,

Isaac  36:20
I think Yeah. And we did struggle with our phone system in the office. And I think if we put effort to that, then we can, we can do it remotely. A lot better.

Ian Miller  36:32
Mm hmm. Yeah, no, we would, we would do our best to help you along the way. And that's one of the one of the things that we we prioritize making sure that, that we're able to provide the ongoing customer support that you need, and want to make sure as long as you're using it, that you have the help you need, when you need it.

Isaac  37:03
So could I could I like specify, would you be a guide take care of me or we're just any have half a dozen be my options. That's that's what's happened with with shore live? I call it and I can't ask for a certain guy, mortar manager, he can even design that thing.

Ian Miller  37:29
Yeah. Yeah. So here's, here's how it works. I provide all the I'm the one who talks with people who call up first, like, like what we're just doing now. And so I provide the initial information that you need, and help kind of walk through the process of you deciding if you want to move forward with the project or not. After that, I hand it off to to Tim, who is in charge of customer support. And he's at this point, the only the only guy now he's training in a second person, but at this point, we only have to one of two people that you would be in touch with. And even then you would have your primary or her point person who would, unless there unless that person is out of the office. Yeah, that would be your person that you would always be talking with them. The design process, what I was talking about the head designer, he's the one who you would be talking with, if want when you're develop when you're figuring out exactly how it needs to function. And then, and he would be in the process, including the person in his conversations, who provide your customer support. So that if and when you have challenges, they know already how your system works, and aren't trying to figure it out. When you have your problems.

Isaac  39:02
And for us to make up our mind, whether we want to go through the design process. It does not like I thought I could go through both what we did today repeated always. Brother.

Ian Miller  39:21
Yep, definitely get you and whoever else is, the thing that's important is that whoever is going to be responsible to make to implement the system. We think it's important that they're the ones involved in the design process, because we've had that challenge before where maybe someone says this is how it needs to work. And then when the when the next guy was actually trying to implement it. He's like, Well, what about this and what about that are like well, we didn't know you needed to do that. So yeah, so definitely you and your son and if if there would be anyone else. If you had unit you had three people on the phone, that wouldn't be a big deal, as long as the main thing is that we're getting all the information you need right up front. So that

Isaac  40:09
there were probably we would probably try to make it three because it'd be my daughter yet.

Ian Miller  40:14
Okay, sure. So you your son. And now there's there's two ways that we do the design process. And kind of depends on what fits best with your, with your schedule, the way you work. But we can either do it over the phone, just like what we're doing here and have it broken up into like a one hour time segment. So maybe you'd have a call with Matthias one day and then two days later, have another phone call scheduled. And then another two days later, have another one and kind of do that over a period of two to three weeks. Or the other approaches if you wanted to fly out to Colorado, near the Colorado Springs area where he lives and just spend a whole week with him. And so maybe it'd be four to five hours, Monday through Friday. And you're just sitting down with him in person talking through all the details of your system. And then you have the rest of the day to go out and maybe see some sites and do sort of like a mini vacation, your work was that there was either your mind that That's right. And be ready for the next day. And so while while you're out and about doing your thing, he's working it compiling all the information you gave him and figuring out what else he needs to know the next day. And so that that helps speed up the design process. And we think it can make the design process even more effective. When you're in person. It's just it's always better when you can be in person. Of course, that means you taking a term a whole week, a lot of time out of your schedule, but it could also be scheduled into a downtime and in your when you're maybe when your business is not as busy and could

Isaac  42:20
let you go for a week. And for for our next phone conversation with possibly john and Elizabeth included. Would that be a time you could roughly coast a little bit how your system looks what we would need to adjust to to make yours work or what we're doing now?

Ian Miller  42:42
Sure. So you're saying it would be helpful to see sort of a demo of the system as well? Yeah. Yeah, no guy that could work. So that's something that we could we could get scheduled. And I'd be happy to do that. And we could kind of walk through the system and maybe hear a little more for the details. Or, as you're looking at it, you can maybe have more questions, or your son or your daughter might too. So

Isaac  43:18
okay, and then if we do decide that we want with it approximately how long you think it would take to we're able to use.

Ian Miller  43:30
So the design, the design phase, kind of depends on which which approach you take, whether in person or over the phone, if it's over the phone, or you're looking at probably about a month from start to finish for the design phase. So by this time you have your phone calls and kind of get those scheduled in. And he he wouldn't necessarily focus only on your project, he might be doing that with along with a few others. Right. Whereas if you go out and person can, the goal is to have finalized design by the end of the week. Yeah. And so that that piece depends on which approach works best for you. That will probably be Okay, very good. So, let's say a month for that. And then, if you depending on whether you're ready to pull the trigger or not, again, that'll depend how long you take, how long you need to make that decision whether you want to move forward with the project or not that the project is the length to actually develop and build the project depends a lot on what we find out in the design phase. But medium projects may take three to four months to build. large projects may take four to six months to build. My guess is yours would be in the three to four, four month range. Okay. And then and so but say, six months is probably six, six to eight months, maybe eight months on the long, the long side, five months on the short side from start to finish, but then it kind of depends a lot on what we what we find out in the design process. And once we have that, but I would say if you're, let's say you're like, I want this software to be ready to go in nine to 12 months. You probably want to consider getting in in our schedule within the next few months.

Isaac  45:43
Okay. Okay, well, that that credit tells me a lot. And then the information I have in my head over to your what would what would it take to do that?

Ian Miller  46:03
Yes. So we would need to have you would need to work with storyline to get an Excel export of all your information. And if we're able to get get that in Excel format, then we're able to import that into into our system. Okay, I'm just, I'm assuming they would be able to do XML exports for you, right? Are you sure? Yeah,

Isaac  46:31
they can.

Ian Miller  46:32
Okay, very good.

Isaac  46:33
The thing that we weren't sure of the thing that we're actually looking for now due to catalog is for them to add extra columns into that XML form, like some of my tags and stuff. Yeah, the exception.

Ian Miller  46:48
Okay. Sure. Yeah, as long as they can export it into Excel format, then, then we're able to import it and make sure that that's all there when you get started. Okay.

Isaac  47:03
Okay. Then. So we were we were scheduled meeting for Colgate with my son or my daughter at all.

Ian Miller  47:15
Yep, that would be great. So what? I'm just pulling up my calendar, are you thinking it'd be good to do that, within the next few weeks? Or when What does your schedule look like, within the next two weeks?

Isaac  47:31
I would think it would work within the next two weeks.

Ian Miller  47:34
Okay. So I am out of the office next week. But I wouldn't be able to do anything. Do something anytime, the following week for the week of the 15th through the week or the 16th through the 20th. I could do anything. Between in the afternoon on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday or Friday.

Isaac  48:06
How about we try for Thursday? What

Ian Miller  48:10
sounds good to Thursday, the 19th? afternoon? Let's see. I'm just gonna need to pull up another calendar to make sure I'm seeing everything here. That would would two o'clock 2pm. Eastern Time work for for you on on Thursday,

Isaac  48:37
I think.

Ian Miller  48:39
Okay. I mean, I'm flexible anytime between 130 and 530. So if you prefer later, I can do later, or I can do early, as early as 130. On Thursday.

Isaac  48:54
Yeah, I'm flexible. There. Were 3130 that were correct.

Ian Miller  48:59
Okay, very good. Well, let's, let's aim for 130 on November the 19th. And we'll plan to what else I need to do is how I could just send you an email with effect is TeamViewer. The, the platform you're most familiar with? Yeah. Okay. And have you used zoom at all or not? Okay, well, I yeah, I can do TeamViewer. So what I'll do is, I'll just send you an email with the TeamViewer information. And then we can just plan I'll plan to call you at 130. And we can also log into TeamViewer at that time, okay. And so that I get your email address to send that information over to you

Isaac  50:00
So the SD or iv YS a.com

Ian Miller  50:10
comm Got it? s d r as an STI spring as in spring garden repair, right? str SGR II by fax calm. Okay, got it. Okay, well, we'll plan to touch base then I'll send over the email and between now and then if you have any more questions, feel free to respond via email or you can try to give me a call to.

Isaac  50:38
Okay. The same phone number I've used if that schedule doesn't work for us for some reason.

Ian Miller  50:46
That's right. Yep. 2620294253 Yeah.

Isaac  50:51
Okay, thank you.

Ian Miller  50:53
Yep. Good talking with you, Isaac, and we'll talk in a few weeks. Okay. Take care. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  50:59
Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai