Delmar  00:00
This is Omar.

Ian Miller  00:02
Heather Delmar. This is Ian Miller with code crafters. How are you doing today?

Delmar  00:08
All just fine.

Ian Miller  00:10
Yeah, I got your voicemail yesterday and this is calling back is now work or should I call you back at another time?

Delmar  00:18
No, this will work. Okay, so you're calling from

Ian Miller  00:24
code crafters. We're Oh, company you had reached out? So?

Delmar  00:31
Yeah. Yeah, I'm not sure. I can tell you a little bit what I have in mind. I don't know it might be or what I think about might be totally off track. But I have a an engine rebuilding shop that we where we actually we do a lot of engine machining, are we machine engines and engine components. And we just need something for workflow. Such as we, we get people bringing in boxes of parts. And anyhow, we need to be able to inventory or keep track of that and workflow job completion. I'm not sure exactly what it would be called. And I can't really find anything that would quite suits me. on the open market. So anyhow, I saw your ad on plain news. And I thought I'd give you a call.

Ian Miller  01:40
Yeah, well, I'm glad you gave us a call. So you said you've been exploring other options out there, can you explain a little bit what you were looking for and why you didn't find what you were looking for?

Delmar  01:53
Well, I might have enough and looking at the right place. But basically what I want is some things where I get a work order in or I get Okay, so we do engine machining.

Ian Miller  02:05
And

Delmar  02:07
so these guys drop off a whole kit of parts that might have an engine block on a crankshaft camshaft. So connecting rods, a cylinder head, and they all you know different things got done to them. And, and they all go hither and yon, to a couple of different departments here. And so then we need to have something that we can watch that stuff. As it gets finished, it gets checked off the list. Something that keeps track of the parks and the time that was put in

Ian Miller  02:44
and

Unknown Speaker  02:46
so on.

Ian Miller  02:52
You're basically what I'm hearing you say is you're looking for a you had mentioned workflow management, I think a little bit ago. Is that right? Where jobs Yeah, that's right. And you're tracking everything related to that job from start to finish. Yep. So can you tell me a little bit more what it is that you want to track for each job,

Delmar  03:20
we should track and we need to track exactly what all comes in all the different components that come in. So whether that's just one cylinder block, whether it's a cylinder block and a cylinder head, whether it's one cylinder block and two cylinder heads or whatever we need, it needs to be labeled with a customer's name and should be labeled with the brand of part in the model. That way that information is all very readily available for whenever whenever we need it.

Ian Miller  04:03
And then

Delmar  04:06
and then when that after that's in there, you know, obviously it would get put in a schedule. And and we would you know, process the parts, do the necessary work we would. So let's say on a cylinder block, we would have a checkbox that the things been been bought out. It's been honed in surface, and all of those have individual charges. Although you know, I do my accounting and QuickBooks. So I'm not sure that this would really integrate or even needs to do with QuickBooks. And then and then when everything's done, we will go back over and make sure that the customer gets all the stuff that he brought.

Unknown Speaker  05:01
And

Delmar  05:03
miscellaneous pieces, as well as all the parts then that were put into it need to be listed so that there can be billed out things along that line. Sure.

Ian Miller  05:25
So just to make sure I'm hearing you, right, you, you get all the part from the client, and it might be machine that needs fix or something along those lines, you're entering each of the parts that came in, and then tracking what type of job or work was done to each part. So that you know how much to charge for that, as well as any other parts that were added. Surprise. So you can charge them for that, as well as that for what you're getting. That's right.

Delmar  06:01
Yeah. And another thing that I think about that would be really handy, it would be unique to my area, and to my industry here is something you know, one of the things that customers complain about, I know they don't like is they drop something off here. And, you know, we're, we're backlog to a couple of weeks sometimes, and sometimes more, they don't hear anything. What I would really kind of like is have something that you know, every third day or something, they would get an email or a fax, I work with a lot of plain people who don't even have computers, or whatnot. But they do have faxes mostly. So you get a fax that they say your part. It is, you know, we boarded out, so and so as far away done, we got the parts ordered, or whatever. And what I have in mind is okay, let's say that, that john Miller comes in, and he has a have a pickup load of parts. And he's standing here, we'd be unloading them, I would start a work order with his name with a job number. And then I would just check off, there'd be checkboxes. And I would check off that he's he dropped off this he dropped off this, this and any notes that he wants this done to it, that it was just a price quote in parts. And so

Ian Miller  07:55
yes, so the the work order that you open your you're basically doing inventory of what you brought in, like you brought in this you brought in that you brought in the other? Are you thinking that so to say you see a lot of the same pieces and parts? Or would you would you have to catalog per se of hundreds or 1000s of parts? For this to work? No,

Delmar  08:29
no, it's it's, you know, no more than two dozen.

Ian Miller  08:35
Okay, so it's pretty standardized, we have about two dozen parts that you're working with. They're bringing in one of the students, a combination has to be two dozen. Is that right?

Delmar  08:47
Yeah, that's right. Yep. Okay.

Ian Miller  08:56
And you would idealize you entering their information, whether it's their email or their fax number, and then, as the project is proceeding, that they're getting automated notices of where things are at that kind of what you're saying,

Delmar  09:14
Yeah, or maybe not so much automated as much as maybe, you know, I would log in every day or whatever. And it was a who was contacted who, who was who's been the longest to be contacted because sometimes guys drop stuff off, and then we wait on them. And they don't need to have an email. They don't need to have an email or fax every day saying that, hey, we're waiting on you. So in other words, maybe I could have it that I could. I could just click Hey, this job here. I want to I want to update this fellow. I want to update this fellow, this fellow this fellow. That way. The main thing is that they don't drop something off and it just goes into a black hole and But, you know, they don't they don't know where it is. They call it and we have to find out where it is in the process and all that.

Ian Miller  10:12
Sure, yeah, that makes that makes sense. But you mentioned you work with a lot of people that I see are you I by fact that that they work with probably

Delmar  10:27
they might some, some might. Others. I'm not sure. This miscellaneous. Some don't have anything and those people just kind of be up the creek. I mean, they'd have coal in there, because I'm not gonna start getting mail.

Ian Miller  10:45
Yeah, yeah. So how about you? Do you? What, what kind of? Do you use internet in the office? The only factor What? What's your internet?

Delmar  11:01
research?

Ian Miller  11:02
Okay. So if this software would be cloud based, in other words, where it backed up and stored online? Would that be alright for you?

Delmar  11:14
Yeah. You mean cloud?

Ian Miller  11:16
Use a cloud based database? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah,

Delmar  11:21
that's fine.

Ian Miller  11:22
Okay. Again. Okay. So I think I'm understanding what you're accurate, basically, workflow. And job management is that basically what you're I

Delmar  11:37
think, maybe you could even call a touch of customer management. Yep. Yeah, that's, that's what we're looking at.

Ian Miller  11:53
You know, you mentioned I think I remember you mentioned tracking time invested in the project. Are you wanting to do you have a way of tracking time at this point? For free? Don't

Delmar  12:07
so much not not other than just writing it down? It would be kind of nice if we would have it. for that?

Ian Miller  12:22
Would it help with? Would you find it helpful? To have electronic time cards where you can track time? per project?

Delmar  12:34
Yeah, that's right. Yep.

Ian Miller  12:40
What do you want to do? Time Time for the full project? Or would you want to track time, based on every single activity like time based on the each different type of work that you're doing?

Delmar  13:00
Well, what I what I guess I would see in my mind's eye is that, you know, when one of the fellows gets started, let's say working on a cylinder block,

Delmar  13:11
why he would, first of all, you'd have to, you'd have to go in and get the information about it. Which would also be if there'd be a note section, that's where that would be.

Delmar  13:29
And then, and then he would just, you know, push that here and click that he started on the job. And, and then when he's done, he would say, that is done. And that would automatically keep track of everything.

Ian Miller  13:54
Yeah, very good. So anything else? Anything else that motivated you to to call us up? Am I have you basically summarize what you're after? Is there anything we're missing here?

Delmar  14:09
Well, I'm sure that if you know if this would proceed, why would these things go? Yeah, and you know what, that'd be a good idea. So let's integrate that. Yeah. But the that's the rough grass anyways. Yeah, the Far Cry, but what we're doing now is just a bunch of paper. So, yeah, I think that basically covers it.

Ian Miller  14:43
If you had to say, if you had to define what success would look like, what what would that look like to you? What, what would change in your business if you had software that you wanted for your business?

Delmar  14:56
Well, number one We would make sure that all the customers always get what they really came for. And also get all the things they brought in.

Delmar  15:15
forgot that no one noted that they brought this along to and then they're putting this thing back together and they call and say, Hey, do that. Oh, yeah, that's right, or whatnot. And then also, I want something with all these papers, we have trouble Billy. And that's a real killer to do work. And no one recorded that they that they did this part of it that they're supposed to bill for major pain. So some way of reconciling what we did with what we actually build. And then the other thing is, with this time, and we don't really build for time, we will buy the service, X amount of dollars for this particular operation. But we have no real good way of tracking what it is how long it actually takes us to do that. Because it does vary, you know, from job to job, it varies. And it'd be nice to be able to average that out. And then we'd see that you know what, it's taking us. It's taking us X amount of hours to do this particular operation. And we're not, we're not charging enough for it.

Ian Miller  16:55
Yeah, that makes sense. But basically, you're saying the angle is that your clients do what they came for. There's not forgotten pieces here. They're, they're basically getting what they're after. And then then you would have the information, the data, you need to do accurate billing. So you're not ending up shortchanging yourself charging fairly for the services you're offering that they think through it,

Delmar  17:26
I would say that would be a good way of putting it. And then also, an added bonus for the customer then would be if they would know what's happening to their, their stuff. Although that's not the most and most important thing, but I know that that information. I mean, if we would offer that people would sit up and notice because nobody else does.

Ian Miller  17:56
Yeah. Yeah. So they feel like they're there on the radar. They're not. They're not lost in the shuffle. forgotten about? Yeah. Yeah, very good. Well, would you be interested in hearing a little more about how we do soccer and what it might look like to work with us if you would work with us? Oh,

Delmar  18:24
yeah. What is kind of curious about your whole operation? It looks like you're coming from Kansas, right?

Ian Miller  18:32
Yeah, well, the Kansas number since that's where we're our headquarters are but I actually work remotely. Here in New York. So that's not actually where I'm located.

Delmar  18:43
Okay, okay. Yeah. And it looks like a bunch of your, your fellows are Indians or something like that?

Ian Miller  18:53
Yeah.

Delmar  18:54
So it's just like the mission. Yes. Project, more or less?

Ian Miller  18:59
Yeah, it is. Ellis Miller, the founder and CEO of rafters at an academy. He's regionally from BC Amish community in Hutchinson, Kansas. And he learned

Delmar  19:19
he wouldn't be in the golden rule travel clan, would he?

Ian Miller  19:24
He wouldn't. But that's the general area that he's from. He's the center, Amish Mennonite Church there and Hutchinson. Yeah. Okay.

Delmar  19:39
A little bit of a little bit of connection. Not much with that area.

Ian Miller  19:47
Yeah, interesting. So, anyway, Ellis ended up new he and his family called Bangladesh and ministry in Bangladesh and He, since he was worked by trade as software, he ended up opening his office up in, in Bangladesh and hiring, well, local are probing Bengali men and runs his business from over there. But then we have sales, customer support and testing all over here stateside with his brother, Matthias with them operate. And so I would work in on that side of things here from the state side. So, yeah, overview of who we are.

Delmar  20:42
interest. So I It looks like he has a lot you said he has 12 coders working for him?

Ian Miller  20:51
Yeah, that's right. That that around that I don't he may have hired recently. But that's approximately the number that he has right now.

Delmar  20:59
That would take an awful lot of work. I was saying.

Ian Miller  21:02
Yeah, I mean, unless Yeah, like, he keeps pretty busy. He know does. Go ahead.

Delmar  21:11
Far most of your customers here in the US or elsewhere?

Ian Miller  21:17
Yep, most of our customers would be here in the US. We we want people to Yeah, that would be our main, our, our main. They are where we get most of our work from there are there is another company that acts where Ellis actually learned coding when he was younger, that subcontracts out projects to him. And that wouldn't necessarily be from the community, but most of our own projects would come from the thing community.

Delmar  21:55
Interesting, interesting. Yeah. Well, hey, that's worthwhile. Yeah, that's kind of a higher tech version of other of these mission projects that provide work. But, uh, I guess the, the, as far as, is there a lot of talent available over there along those lines along these lines?

Ian Miller  22:24
Yeah, maybe even more so then? Yeah. I guess I don't know if I say more than but it's definitely an region of the world that would would have a lot of a lot of coders and higher education, hire people who go through higher education, and yet highly valued over there. And so a lot of them would graduate with a Master's, bachelor's or master's degrees in computer science. And a lot of them would i would definitely have trouble finding works in theory, the economy isn't at the same place that is over here. So it's been a real opportunity for him to hire on people who are who are skilled, but are looking for work. And so his his vision has been to use his business as, as a ministry, while at the same time doing good work and making sure making sure that it is high quality work.

Delmar  23:39
Yeah, well, that sounds very interesting. Now, you said you're in New York, where in New York, are you located?

Ian Miller  23:49
Yes, so me and my family, we we live here in New York City, actually, Queens, New York, we would be involved with the mission of here too. So I do part time. mission work and part time. Software work. So

Unknown Speaker  24:05
so so yes, a doctor word.

Ian Miller  24:09
Software, software sales. Yeah.

Delmar  24:13
Is this what the pilgrim church?

Ian Miller  24:17
No, it wouldn't it would be with with another mission organization called destinations International.

Ian Miller  24:27
Now, I would I would have met I think I would have met some of the pilgrim. couples who are you have a work in the Bronx, right.

Delmar  24:36
I'm actually not exactly sure. Okay.

Ian Miller  24:40
Well, I've met a few that I think are under the pilgrims. Versus Yeah.

Delmar  24:55
Yeah, okay. Well, so once you like workup a quote or something, or estimate?

Ian Miller  25:05
Yes, so actually the way the way we work is, so what we've just done here is the preliminary preliminary call. And so this has helped me get a better feel for what exactly you're looking for. And I can definitely fit this, this falls within what we're what we specialize in coming up with custom software solution for your specific need, they're at your business, for what what we do with custom, we, we don't necessarily just have a pack of like prepackaged ready to go, we do have stuff that's already built, but we can customize it, tweak it, add on to it, and so forth. But just to be able to get to a quote, we have called the design phase, where for like, what, what an architect does to draw up blueprints for building projects, we would also come up with a very detailed plan of exactly what the software can do, and what it will look like we give you screenshots of exactly what it will look like. So you can get a feel for how it's going to function, how it's going to work, and so forth. And the design phase, is a 20 $500 engagement, where we're going through a series of calls with you, our head designer is on the phone as to you probably three to five, one hour calls approximately, just digging down into every single little detail, what kind of data are you tracking what kind of reports you're going to need, make sure we don't get started before we have the exact plan of how it's going to work. And then at the end of the design phase, is when we can give you a quote that will stand by it's not just an estimate, but it's the actual cost for the project that will stand by that you don't aren't surprised, don't get in for a surprise. And that was a bill bigger than you expected.

Delmar  27:23
Okay, but so if I do say that, you know, the good things kickstarted is 2500. Is that right?

Ian Miller  27:32
That's right, the design phase would be 2500. And then 50% of that, if you would accept the design, if you're like, I'm ready to move forward with this, then then then 50% of that, in other words, is 1250, that would apply to the final costs of the project. So we would end up paying about 50 for the design phase, and the other 50 is credit towards your actual party actually building the project.

Delmar  28:06
And I know this is maybe jumping ahead, and you've maybe you have a quick answer for this. And that is that, you know, you just can't say, but you know, after you look at it, I mean, you heard a little bit what I have in mind. Is this closer to closer to 3000? Or closer to 10,000? For the complete project.

Ian Miller  28:33
Yeah, so our project, the range from 5000, up to 50,000. So 50,000, of course, is the really high end 5000 is the low ends. And yeah, I have a hard time saying exactly where yours would fall into that. Definitely not in the not in the 40 to 50,000 range, and maybe down in the lower to mid range, possibly 15 to 15 to 25,000. But that that's what we had find out in the design phase, but probably not less than 10. I would be surprised if it was more than 30. So that's just sort of a really rough guesstimate.

Delmar  29:32
Yeah, okay. Very good. So what is it that you I mean, what would be are you looking for something right now or? We go from here?

Ian Miller  29:54
Yeah, so, it all depends if you need a little more time to think about If you have more questions, I'd be happy to continue talking here. Or if you'd like to schedule a call a week out, two weeks out, give me a little more time to think about it, I'd be happy to do that. The next step, if you would decide to move forward would be would be getting you in our designs, in our design schedule, and the design schedule, or in our schedule, it might end up being 3030 to 45 days out that you would get started on the design. And so I would just be where the opening, next opening is for you to get in the schedule with our head designer. Matthias Miller, actually, elephants brother, he's our head designer, who works remotely from

Ian Miller  30:51
Canyon city, Colorado, and he will walk you through a series of three to five calls, scheduled out over maybe a two to three week time period.

Ian Miller  31:04
asking all sorts of questions to come up with the detailed plan for exactly how the software would need to function and so forth. Yeah, the next step would be, if you would say, I'm ready to go, and I will get you in that schedule, we would take a $500 deposit. And then the other 2000 would be due by the date that you would start the design phase or that the first college start. And then you're then here design, then you design calendar, as soon as you would decide to move forward. That makes sense.

Delmar  31:48
I think so. Here's another question. Let's say that we would move ahead with something like this. And I have I do have a another friend or another shop that I work with? I mean, could you What if it was that would be virtually identical? What if we split the cost? I mean, is that would use care? Me to make another client that would be exactly the same?

Ian Miller  32:23
Yeah, well, you know, that would, that's something we would be the open to looking at. Probably what we would want to make sure to make sure the project would end up high, both you want it, our recommendation, and we've had this we've just your suggestion isn't the first and what we recommend is that we bring in the other person as well in the design phase, just to make sure that they are speaking into that as well. But yeah, that's something that we would be happy to look at the there. There's one, one main factor and that is, are you both under the same business? Or do you be separate businesses?

Delmar  33:11
totally separate?

Ian Miller  33:13
totally separate businesses? Yep. So and you're pretty sure that your software in his doctor would be identical, there wouldn't be any differences in them?

Delmar  33:24
No two of us really do virtually the same thing.

Ian Miller  33:28
Okay,

Delmar  33:29
it's been at a lot longer than I've been, but a pair. Now, that's pretty much.

Ian Miller  33:41
Yeah. And so the what we would do what we offer what we provide along with the software, so we build the software, and then we maintain it and provide ongoing customer support. And to the ongoing the ongoing cost of the process of software is somewhere between 150 to $200 a month depending on on the amount of users you have that comes at 1010 for you 10 users included in the base price. But then it is very possible that you could join together on building the project, but then you both have the ongoing costs of customer support and maintaining it since we have been maintaining two separate clients. So

Delmar  34:36
okay, so what kind of maintenance I mean, if I would have software that's located on my computer that I buy, it wouldn't be cloud based. Then I wouldn't have that maintenance is that right?

Ian Miller  34:58
That's right. So any Anytime you would need a cup, anytime you would need updates or anything, then you would end up paying for the updated version if you wanted to update it. But it would all be hosts it all be stored on your your computer. And that that's the main difference between policy then on your computer is that the cloud base is providing ongoing updates where you're not having to buy the next version, the next version or paying for them to pay for them to provide case by case customer support is just included with it all. And it's all stored on online servers, where it's being backed up where it's being securely stored, so that if your computer would go down, or if you wanted to access it from other devices, then it is accessible. And so that's that's what the ongoing cost is. So that we can keep maintaining it, making sure it's the security is is strong and making sure that the software as our software continues to develop, you don't have to keep paying for a new version, you might say it continually kept up to date, and backed up and safe on our servers could be a little like

Delmar  36:27
a website where it's built, and you buy it, and it just stays there until you need to make a change. And then you pay somebody to make the change.

Ian Miller  36:42
Yeah, so that that is that could potentially be one model. But that's that's typically the model that is used when people build their own website. So then you are paying on ongoing hosting fees. Anyway. So if you if you would start a WordPress website or Weebly website or whatever, you will still have the ongoing costs that they charge, which is to store the website information on their servers. Since most websites are stored on larger servers, and it may be a $10 a month or maybe a 25. Now ongoing cost is something that most any service as if it's online, and there's other computer servers that the information is being stored on. Yeah, I

Delmar  37:34
guess I understand that. But that's like you said $10 a month or whatever, that's 120? Not 1200. a year.

Ian Miller  37:48
Yeah. Hi, for

Delmar  37:49
you said $100 a month for ongoing for maintenance.

Ian Miller  37:57
So it's 150 to 200. That includes three things first, storing the information, and doing daily backups. Number two is that we provide ongoing customer support. So if if there's something that goes awry, we're we're there available to help work it out. And they would help you make sure that the software is functioning as it needs to and providing that ongoing support. And number three is providing ongoing development and backup or ongoing security, that development like if, as technology teams, software continues to keep up with make sure that it's not hackable, make sure it's safe to make sure it's user friendly. And so we provide all that for that ongoing

Unknown Speaker  39:00
monthly storage.

Delmar  39:07
But if I would want a new feature that would not be included.

Ian Miller  39:19
know if you run it the way I had expected, then of course we say this and things are bad, but if you're like I want this added capacity, then that would be on a project. Project.

Delmar  39:40
Okay, why don't you let me think about it a little bit.

Ian Miller  39:51
Okay, sounds good. Thanks for calling Del Mar and I'll touch base with you next Friday. Okay, have a good one.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai