Ian Miller  00:00
Some what kind of statement? Yes, hi there. This is Ian Miller, I have a missed call from this phone number.

Ian Miller  00:15
My name is Ian Miller. And I'm with code crafters, code crafters international software company. Yeah, I get the playing community is exchanges I've been seeing this morning, had some headache with QuickBooks. Legion though. I just went ahead and upgraded to 2020. And but

Ian Miller  00:43
before I did that, I tried to call you wonder what? what exactly you are for, you know, like for accounting and so forth. Sure. So it's a little bit late now. But I'm not saying that.

Ian Miller  01:04
I want to buy a second user at all. I just bought one for now as i can later and Okay, once it hit pay roll. So what what it? Is that something y'all do or? Yeah, so? Yeah, good question. So, what would be helpful for me is if you could explain a little more, hey, what are some of the challenges you're facing with QuickBooks that would help me know if we would even be a good fit for you or not? Yeah, what are some of the things that you've been wanting to do with QuickBooks or things that you've been running into that make QuickBooks not a good fit for you? Well, maybe it's not that much, but I've been trying to email from QuickBooks and it just wouldn't work in my QuickBooks Pro 2012 and then this morning I found out that it's too old they won't support it anymore and so I'd have to upgrade and so I did upgrade and now I'm kind of sending emails of a still don't work I'm not sure what's going on. So when you say send email you're Are you saying email invoices?

Ian Miller  02:17
Yeah, this is actually retreat. I'm trying to email work and I know it's been a year worries but it's supposed to. Yeah, so I have to call them and

Unknown Speaker  02:36
I mean,

Ian Miller  02:39
I, I should have maybe contacted you but another thing that I do is like I have it created off of an Excel spreadsheet, a time time clock for all the guys that work here they clock in and clock out and it automatically logs their hours and calculates their payroll. So that's working fairly good. I was looking at some of your advertising and guess what I wish I could do we sell kits as well we do a wish sometimes I could have a one stop software or we obviously have software we use to design the cabinets with and that same software generates cheat code for our CNC routers. And then I have separately software I have QuickBooks was a used to VMware fingering and on on I have an older sheet that works off of Excel that when a customer comes in, I put all the data in there I wish somehow I'll be a little less complicated. It might not be possible. Yeah, so you said you you design kitchen. Yes. Okay, so what what aspects of the kitchen do you do? The drawing power or everything? We do cabinets. Okay. You're a cabinet shop. Is that what it is?

Ian Miller  04:16
That's right. Okay, so you mentioned a depot. What was a depot? Was that what you said?

Ian Miller  04:27
Yes, we use a CNC router to do all of our plywood cutting. So same software that we use to design the kitchens the cabinets way will generate codes for for the router. And that portal works pretty good. Because I have to enter different things. Like when a customer or the kitchen I have an accident spreadsheet where I enter the

Ian Miller  05:01
color of hardware that door styles, crown molding type. And I ended up having to write that information twice, because then I have to go over to our

Ian Miller  05:19
kitchen designing software, which is what I use to generate drawings and CAD drawings and everything's punch everything in there to make sure there's a way to make Excel talk to kcd kcd are the software we use for the kitchen? So I don't know. I would say no, if you had any, any, any sweet solutions all at one, one, or I can design the kitchen. I'm sure you probably don't have anything that complex. Yet the use case the the is it? It's called kcd. Software. Yeah. kcd software.com. I think it's answered kitchen computer design. Yeah, I'm just pulling it up right here. I'm just kind of curious to see a little more about it. Okay. And so I'm just curious, do they have any, any such thing is data import where you're allowed to import data and such? Or do you not have any idea on that? No, they don't. Okay, so the your knowledge, there's no way of importing any sort of data from other software from there or into they're

Ian Miller  06:49
not done Oh, okay. Do that. That's what I wish I could enter my data one time.

Ian Miller  06:59
Yeah. We're not a big company. Yes. It's not that bad. But I'm trying to grow this thing. I don't know maybe down the road, at least I'll have to find a software solution that just kind of incorporates everything. I was reading, I'm reading an article about this kitchen guy that's really make progress. And he emphasizes that you have to have a central data input. lowers, wait for all your all your processes are pulling data from one place. And it's just, he said that that has been very important to him and his company. And I see why. This just, you have three or four different programs that you use, and Well, I mean, that works with a lot of people do it. But there's simple ways to do it, if you can just figure out how to do it.

Ian Miller  08:12
Yeah. Yeah. So how do you get in? Well, while I'm not sure if like that, you know what I want?

Ian Miller  08:20
Yeah. In other words, you're putting out your feelers to see what's out there, right.

Ian Miller  08:27
Yeah, yeah. So another question. You say a customer comes to you, and you enter things on a spreadsheet. So you How are you getting your clients? Or where do you? Yeah, how do you get your clients to the front door?

Unknown Speaker  08:44
Oh,

Ian Miller  08:46
oh, so we don't advertise very much anymore for word of mouth. So we have a showroom here. And so customers come and here's where they pick out all their options. And so I I just have a spreadsheet that that has like a portion affection for every room, obviously have extra room because every house will have maybe, you know, anywhere from three to eight rooms, bathroom and laundry. So every room is also a little different. Sometimes they want a certain color this room. So I just have a little it's pretty simple spreadsheet to create a little profile for every room, and I have it on file and go back to that. You know, save it in a habit. And so I wish I could do that with Casey D they taste if you would offer me a solution like that. I could just use TCP right away and then throw it in there. And then Casey does have a Quoting, you can, you can do pricing right straight from Casey he has got hooked on it kind of works off of a square foot. And it's totally different. And you can't anything, we're still customer a customer shop. So a lot of our kitchens have custom pieces in it. And so TV can't figure that anyway. Okay. didn't really work. Yeah. Okay. So I'm curious, how does, how do you? Or do you track the the time that you spend on each project? Or how do you know, the amount of time that you spent on the project to see how much the project cost? You? Don't really we, I would, like maybe, can I get some figures off of the hours that the guys put in, but even there is nothing I thought about doing is is I have this time sheet where they clock in and clock out and maybe adding a feature to that page to that or when they clock out. They could have a sheet where they put in how many hours they work that day on different jobs, because you know, that might be working on three different jobs that day, and they could just put in two hours on the job job and three on the well job and then maybe four and a half on the whatever we've resolved. But yeah, yeah. How many? How many employees do you have in your company? There's five back there. Okay, so five in the back, and then yourself and any Anyone else? Not really, there is a lady that starting to do some design work from but she works from home? Pretty much. Yeah, so she's not really here. But she does she does work by the hour. Okay, yeah. Yeah. So are there any other pieces that he mentioned? Try wanting to find software that does everything. So far, you said, kind of explained some of the pieces such as your tracking time. You're creating the each project on your spreadsheet when your client comes in, and so you're creating a project? And then you mentioned kcd, which does the design and then that, but you said that generates the code for your router? Am I am i right on that? The code for your CNC router for all the cutting? Yes. Yes. Yeah. And then you could use QuickBooks for payroll and invoicing it. Yeah. Yeah. All my accounting is QuickBooks. Okay? Like QuickBooks because of I like it because of all the reports. It's all there. And now today is I've it's been very frustrating, because took me a long time to upgrade to this 2020. And now is totally new, and I'm wasting all my day he'll quit. Yeah, right, pull my hair here. I can't send this email and we can't figure out what's

Ian Miller  13:45
going on. I just need to call QuickBooks and then troubleshoot this, Lord help me through this. Yeah, yeah. Well, I, I'm just looking at the different pieces that you do have. And I'll just share a little bit about the software that we have. And I'm not necessarily here to sell your software, but just let you know what we do and, and just figure out if this could be a good fit for your company or not. But we the current software that we have is based on modules. And so modules are basically like tools that you can take in picking that you can mix and match. So someone like I need to stock or do this, this and this and we can pull different already pre designed modules and add it to that software package. But we also do custom software. So like you do custom cabinets, right, we do custom software where if it's not something that we have designed already, we can design it too. So we we basically take The needs that a business has, and for design, a package that fits fits all those needs if we're able to meet those needs. Now, I heard you mentioning a few things that we already have designed. Such as time clocks, we, we have designed time clocks that it's really easy for the employee to clock in, clock out. So instead of having to track days manually in a spreadsheet, you could have like a time clock device where they literally walk up to it and punch in punch out. And that's automatically pushing all the data to the database, where you just export a report. And you see right there, how much time each of the guys worked. Something else we we have is where you can create codes for a project. So you could each project has its own code. So if you are wanting to see how much time did my guys spend on this project, on project for bill or project for, for Jas or whatever, you're able to assign a code to it, and then when they punch it in, they just put in that code. And it's tracking the time for that. And then when they're done with that project they punch in on the next project. And that allows you to track how much you're investing in each project and see your feet, see the hard numbers and whether you're making a profit or how much you're making off each project and so forth. Something else that we we have, we do have accounting software, is it something that we're just launching and the I personally don't think the accounting is I think QuickBooks is probably a good fit for you at this point. Maybe down the road, ours could be a fit, since it's all under the same roof. If you would ever use ours for anything else. At this point, I wouldn't at all encourage you to switch to our accounting software just for this. Down the road, you wanted it all under one roof, maybe it could be an option. But we do have invoicing, generating invoices, emailing invoices, general ledger, balance sheet, and so forth. And we also have something that we have not created a module out of yet, but that we're looking at with other We've had a few other guys call us up from cabinet, some company that kind of find it interesting, getting multiple calls from cabinet companies. But recently, a cabinet guy called us up and said, Hey, I need, I need to be able to input all like if a client shows up. And they're like, hey, I want this custom project and I want it to color. I want this mold, I want it with this, this edge and so forth, all the details. And there, you're entering this all in into order form. And right just like that you can generate on the spot a

Ian Miller  18:27
generate the estimate for the project. So that the client can see right there, how much it's going to cost them and so forth. Now, the way he works is he he makes custom cabinets for showrooms, he doesn't have his own showroom. And so he would just provide the software to show to the showroom that he provides for. And they can generate estimates for their clients right there in the in the office. And then if they would decide to purchase, they'd send over that order form to him. And he would have all the cuts, regenerated right there based off the specifications that he put in. So that I don't know how that would work with your CNC router and your kpd software, it may or may not work. That that's just one one project that we've been looking at. And so that's definitely something we can do if against a custom piece that we'd have to design. But anyway, so those are just some things that we do, and be happy to keep talking about if this could be a good fit for you or not, but I don't really have any questions right now. Maybe, maybe in the future, it might be a chance that I might have to reach out to you but right now. I think I want Let's think of what I'm you know, was while we're while we're doing though, sure. One thing that kind of flows but the spoken your wait a little bit is that we're such a custom song. Okay. It's easier to make your processes, uniform processes for for some for you making the same thing every time every time. Yeah. So Oh no, that might just be something we have to live with though, but then I appreciate information. Thanks for calling back. I'll definitely keep you in mind for any future needs but I think for that I'll probably just stay with Yep, sounds good. Not a problem. Yeah, my number feel free to call me back anytime. Okay, Hey, thank you. And your name again? Could I get your What was your name again? David. David Flores David. David Suarez. Okay, very good. I'll have your name and number here. Anytime you call back. Be happy to chat. Very good. Thank you. Have a good one. Yep, goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai