Ian Miller  00:02
Hello, Jason, this is Ian. Sorry, I just missed your call a couple minutes ago.

Jason  00:06
Yeah, that's fine. I missed your call earlier, a senior advertiser and PCB extra, I guess it was where I seen you, and you do custom business? Like you develop any systems for businesses to use? What's the chance that you've done some of these portable business? portable building businesses?

Ian Miller  00:34
Yeah, so your IE, Frank's typically like the sheds and

Jason  00:39
processing order? Yeah. Shed many barns? Yep. Processing orders tracking inventory. I've got a system I use. It's not it's a spreadsheet based business or program. But I was looking at some options on my for the database program. Do you have any experience in that? Or have you ever done one for portable, portable building businesses?

Ian Miller  01:05
Yeah, so we were multiple companies that kind of work together to build software. And yes, one of our partners definitely has done for portable barns. We, we are very, we have built software for order management and so forth. But could you could you tell me a little bit more? what it what exactly are the challenges you're trying to solve and what exactly you're looking for

Jason  01:33
I do like the system I have, there's a few things that would be you know, you could have more advantages using a database system. What key the way, we're just looking here and try to get to what we can start on the first. So sales are with this being a spreadsheet, you've got just, you know, if you open a spreadsheet, there's usually like page one, page two and three. But so this is how many pages 5050 pages maybe. So your sales are gonna be on one page, we had a driver log, the order form your shop, all the different lives, all that stuff is on different pages, and they work together. So if you go to order form, make out an order. And you create a new idea. It has the number and a patient over on the sale page. But and then if you you know, market deliver, you know, hosted over on the driver patient, all that it works real nice in that way. But there's still a lot of other advantages that you have in in a in a database system, I guess, because you would have for one thing, there's only one person can work on this program. Compared to the database system, you could have multiple users. Am I right, sir?

Ian Miller  03:06
Yeah, yep, that's great. Okay.

Jason  03:10
But I don't know how hard you know how hard it is to get to that. I thought maybe you've got a system that would only need to be almost like one of us just need to be modified into what I need to do here. If you have to start from scratch. I would think that would be quite a bit of work really.

Ian Miller  03:35
Yeah. So what I'm hearing you say is you currently are using like a spreadsheet workbook where you have your different tabs, you have your sales tab your drivers law, your order form your your different spreadsheets that are thinking with each other when then data is transferring from one to the other.

Jason  03:59
Yeah.

Ian Miller  04:01
You said the one thing that you wish is a good a multiple users. Is there anything else that you're finding that you

Jason  04:11
I should have wrote this down before I because I was just talking to one of my friends the other day and he's working on his own system. There is definitely a several different things that you can get out of sure you wrote down the different things which there again, with me not being used to Gavin got QuickBooks, that kind of works, that would be but I'm familiar with how a spreadsheet works. What could be done with the other stuff is I don't know what all the advantages could be. But there are there's a few things like for one thing, it would be nice in sales tax is always a little bit of a job to stay after the sales tax. If it could be reported after Like if I get paid for a building, if it was reported in that month instead of being reported, when we get the sale, sometimes things would change up, it changed from a, it was originally cash order change to rent to own, and vice versa, cancels, then you need to do all these changes and reverses and things like that. Those are some things I'm thinking that would possibly be easier, but maybe, you know, in the scheme of everything, maybe I'd be having something else harder to make some house easier. But I thought, if you have the system that you know, that works is, you know, it'd be interesting to see what you come up with and what you you know, how much you just system like that would would cost them? You know, yeah, how many people have you have using them? There's, because I just seen your ad and thought I had to call and just find out what you have there.

Ian Miller  06:05
Yeah, yeah, I'm glad you called. I just have a few more questions here yet? How many? How many employees do you have?

Jason  06:16
Like, right now, I'm the only one here in my office, there's three separate offices that work with my company. But I would like to have somebody that's able to help me with some of my stuff here. So really, in this office, to two people at the most will be working on something like this.

Ian Miller  06:35
Okay. And you say you have three separate offices, again, vision, all those offices using the same software or not?

Jason  06:42
No, no, no. There's a, you know, there's a possibility with, okay, for example, the driver log system, that if there was a way that he could get like what he's doing, he's my dispatcher, he writes out the schedules for the drivers faxing it to me. And then, then I basically just tag along of what he did, and go through the process of clicking the building, as delivered, that carries it over to a driver log. And, but so I'm kind of doubling up something that he's already done. I don't know if we'll have a system like this. If this day, if information like that can be entered, which I've got one challenge that might be hard to overcome on that. He's got internet, but I don't I've got an email here, there is something that there are files that can be shared between offices through us, you're talking to somebody on the phone system here a while back, he said there's a way to share files, and I didn't totally question about how that is, I was thinking it was not done through internet. But anyway, there's there's a possibility something like that could be like entered in. We're both going through the same process, doing the very same work.

Ian Miller  08:19
For your saying, one of your main goals is to reduce double entry and entering data more than once and collaborate having something that one of the people elaborate on Oh,

Jason  08:35
yeah, that well, I guess I should more or less say that's one of the advantages that can possibly be avoided. Maybe I, you know, I don't know what all the possibilities would be here.

Ian Miller  08:48
To get to say the number one challenges that you're looking to solve what what is it that you're after?

Jason  08:55
Okay, if I had one thing I need to fix. See, as far as like this, I mentioned the sales tax to you. That that is always a hassle, but you know, it's done each month. And it's possible that one way is not necessarily going to make it better than the other way.

Jason  09:29
They're probably one of the biggest things would be, you know, only one user can be used at a time. Now there's one way that I can jump past that with what I'm using is and I'm just working on something like that is okay, a lot of you can have two screens side by side. So I ordered a cable that's long enough, instead of having these two screens side by side, you know, you can push the screen or you can put this over On the other screen have two things I beside who I thought, Well, why don't I just have that the second screen across the room by that desk, and I can move it over there, he works on it there. When he's done, he brings it back. Again, I can't view or use that at all, if it's over on his screen, but it keeps us from we tried, like with networking, you can connect two together, but you have to close one. And so one would just view it as view only, and then the other one uses it. But with this large this, this system is really almost too big for what a spreadsheet is designed to do. And, and it works for the most part, it works fairly good. But it's it's really overloading the spreadsheet. I guess. a spreadsheet is not designed to be quite used as we're using it here. But somebody did a really good job doing this. And it works fairly good. But it's, you know, it's still a spreadsheet. So, you know, you sometimes errors and things like that that pop up and don't mess it up just because that I think a database program would be a lot faster and more reliable.

Ian Miller  11:25
Yeah. You mentioned that you don't have internet bear in your office. Is that something that you're planning to keep? You're planning to keep it that way?

Jason  11:36
Yeah, yeah, we don't have we don't have internet here many links. To sure you probably work with a lot of people like that. But yeah, yeah.

Jason  11:46
We definitely all here. So it's an email only service here. But let's say my life a little easier this year.

Ian Miller  11:54
Sure. Is it i by fact, by any chance?

Jason  11:58
So I'm using that they were going through my people is my

Ian Miller  12:04
Oh, yeah, you might people okay. Yeah. Okay. Sure. Yeah, well,

Jason  12:14
like I said, I made this call, because I'd kind of been chicken into this earlier. The other thing that I just kind of, I guess it should have made me feel better notes on what I should have explained here. Or here's another thing that we run into with this program. So on my lock pages, most of my dealers would only have maybe, you know, 1520 buildings on their locks. If I have a dealer that has 100, we have one dealer that he wants us to keep about 140 buildings there next by next winter, stocking him up over the winter. That's something that I don't even know how I'm going to do with this system. Because he has 40. Well, let me see here. So it's 70 lines here. So it's what is set up for about 70 that I could put on here, there's one way to dodge it. Not a good way to do it. But so I can make two lot pages for the same dealer. But that kind of gets confusing a little bit. So with the database system, I don't think you'd be limited to that, you know, you could, you could pretty well do what you wanted. And backing up from there, if that's the only thing that we need to do, I can make where all of my lats would have, say 150 spaces for for buildings, but what happens you have 150 for the for the new barns, and then below that you have a section for gazebos and repose. So it would Yeah, I mean, something would have to be redone on my system to accommodate that amount of buildings.

Ian Miller  14:10
Sure.

Jason  14:12
Yeah. The other thing I was hoping I could do, here again, I don't even know if this can be done. But like, for example, grouping my different types of buildings together. Here, it just dumps them all in a row. You take 140 buildings and you try to find that one. But for my different types of buildings. I think it could be built in a way where the utility sheds were grouped together, and the last barns grouped together, cabins, whatever, in that lot. They would all kind of be grouped together a little better. Maybe that wouldn't be that easy, but I'm thinking it might be something that can be done

Ian Miller  15:02
So my understanding, right that you have a, you have a sheet for each lot where you list the current inventory there. Is that right? Yep, that's right.

Jason  15:14
And then just go right next to a building ID number, but the customer name in and the zip code. And then the zip code, it's it knows what that zip code, which town it is, and the state. So all you have to do is just type in the customer name, and the zip code. And then you click a macro that says mark is sold, that will paste that wholesale over on your sales page, sale date, put your customer name, the lot it sold at the town, the state was a cash, well, then you market, whether with a cash sale or rent to own if you put a cash sale, it figures out what the sales tax was for that state. And so if a million is paid for you enter the the amount that you got for it, and it figures it knows that the cash sale would have you know, per state, it knows what text should be in there. That will say yes, well, if it's paid, it says paid if it's not paid, it says no.

Jason  16:24
So like I said, it's a really good system, but almost overloaded for what a spreadsheet is designed to do.

Ian Miller  16:32
Mm hmm. Do you anticipate your business will keep growing and make it harder to use what you have?

Jason  16:41
Are you looking at? Yeah, that's a little what I'm looking at it, you know, if we never quit if it always just stayed here. But if it continues to grow like it has, well, I may as well step up and get something that's going to be able to handle it. And you know, this system? I know, people have done more sales than I do with this very same system. And it works. But it's it is it's an easy to use program as well. I don't know, you know, I would almost hate to go out there on my own journey and try to tell somebody how to do all this. If they don't have, if you've got some experience with doing the portable building businesses, you have a system that can just be tweaked a little bit to do what I have. That would be great. But if we're out on our own here, totally, totally trying to figure out how to do other things might have little challenges. Of course, I could easily send you a copy of my system where you know what it does, and,

Ian Miller  17:58
and yeah, yeah. To be done. Yeah.

Jason  18:05
I guess we want to see what you think you could do or

Ian Miller  18:12
have done? Yeah. Well, I'll just briefly explain sort of how we how we function and maybe give you a little direction on what it might look like to proceed. But before we do that, is there anything else that you were hoping to get implemented into a system if you wouldn't build your instance system?

Jason  18:39
I'm not unless it would be that. So with with having QuickBooks here, I know some companies have QuickBooks almost working side along the side with their barn tracking stuff. where like, for example, here is the money that you got in for a certain building, if that worked alongside with QuickBooks, but I don't know if that's really possible without actually just taking QuickBooks and building this into QuickBooks, I guess. You can think and maybe my brother in law does that way with how he's using QuickBooks on his but I don't really think QuickBooks is a good system, but it is not built to do some of the things we're doing here.

Ian Miller  19:42
Yeah, yeah. I was just wondering, do you use QuickBooks just for bookkeeping and invoicing? Are there anything else you use it for?

Jason  19:50
No, that's just I just use it for my bookkeeping. Okay, check writing for them.

Ian Miller  19:56
Yep. So invoicing straight from your spreadsheet? Or do you do that from

Jason  20:02
me, we don't really have any invoices with this system. So if a customer orders a building, that order is, to me is considered the English. Okay? And we hire you,

Ian Miller  20:18
how do you receive your orders? Do they call him?

Jason  20:22
Now they affect some man or send them in by email.

Ian Miller  20:28
And you get? Are you the one who manages all the orders? Currently? Yes,

Jason  20:31
I do that

Ian Miller  20:34
you get the you get the order, and then you just assigned based on where they live, which lock they're getting it from Is that right?

Jason  20:41
Well, so if a customer, if a dealer has a lot, and they bought a building off, off that lot, he would send me an order form in March that order off lot. Sometimes I'll put the ID number in it, but they will at least put the style the colors on it and I can figure out because of the information I have, I know which building that was to then I put the information in on there that this is the building ID and then I'll go into my system mark that is sold.

Ian Miller  21:13
And

Jason  21:14
you know, click it to sold and then it will paste it on the sale page. And then yeah, that's that is kind of considered my invoice if, if the customer pays for that. What I usually do is just copy the check on the back of that work order, or a credit cards template to it. And then it's also marked in my in my program here that it's paid for. But it gives me just a second backup of Okay, was this or how was it paid. That's the other thing that I was that I would really like to do. Now. Here again, I'm a little, I guess I'm a little out on on the limb of even knowing what can be done here. But for example, if if our customer order line if there was a way that you could scan an order. And it was like if I wanted to look up that order, instead of digging through my whole stack of orders, I could just click on it somehow. And open that that order because it was scanned in the computer, and it was kept next Well, like I see. Well, I'll use just one example. I'll go into the courthouse and pay for my do my stuff there. They'll scan all your stuff. And I'm thinking how in the world are they keep track of all that stuff. And, and, yeah, I'm sure they got a system to do all that. But if there was a good way to view an order, and all the information with it, just here on my computer alongside with this, that would be a big advantage as well.

Ian Miller  23:08
So in other words, the order form that you get, you just scan that in and store that with that customer's order in your database

Jason  23:16
with the information somehow. And maybe that can't be done in that way. Maybe that would be a total separate deal there. But if it could be scanned in and that PDF would be saved right next to you know, look at the customer order. Click on this and open up. And actually the order might not work like that.

Ian Miller  23:43
Yeah. Yeah. What Why? For example, I

Jason  23:48
think QuickBooks. QuickBooks has something a little bit like that. Let me just check register. Okay. Are you familiar with QuickBooks?

Ian Miller  23:59
Yeah, yeah.

Jason  24:00
Okay. So let's just imagine, let's just imagine the check register would be a list of all my sales, that's the best way I know how to describe it. So you'd have your so they have actually got a deposit payment line, and they've got they've got a manual line. But I'm thinking that I haven't done this a lot. But for for each of those lines, you can scan a receipt and save it right with that particular line. Am I right?

Ian Miller  24:37
No, that that sounds right. I I can't say for sure. But I know that QuickBooks does have the option to store receipts as well. Yeah. Yeah, that would be your very well having that option. That sort of description of how you envision

Jason  24:58
something that would be fibular, you're looking at the check register, all those rows and rows of information there the checks, that's a little bit how in my spreadsheet system, it was a little like this only there's, you know, here we'll have a date, there's a check number, and you have your actual sale and the payment. I've got to see here, though, in the spreadsheet columns that we're using here. So it goes up to double A. So see that so that's 27 columns that we're using.

Ian Miller  25:47
Okay.

Jason  25:49
Some of those could be eliminated. But I'll just just to give you a little idea where we go on here. So you can filter in. One nice thing I guess about quick about the spreadsheet system is each row can be filtered. Are you familiar with filtering on sprays via a spreadsheet? Okay. So if you want to filter, if I want to find a customer, all you do is you go to customer, the name column, and you just literally look up that name. And it

Ian Miller  26:23
Yeah, now,

Jason  26:25
let's imagine, you know, as he was in Indiana, you can you can filter each state, you can filter, the month, the cash sales from the rent to owns the sale amounts, you can pick and filter every column. That's so that's a really handy feature. And I don't know if you can really do that with a database system in the same way, could you?

Ian Miller  26:52
Well, it would definitely wouldn't look the same. But you definitely have the same functionality. Where you can filter, your orders your whatever it is customers by certain data points. And also being able to set date ranges and different things like that. So, yeah. Yeah, what I'm hearing you describe is basically an order management system. Is that correct?

Jason  27:27
Yes, that's right.

Ian Miller  27:29
With some custom, some custom pieces and pieces, such as the driver, the driver law, the drive log and managing shop inventory, or the lost in law, inventory, and so forth. Yeah. different pieces there. For the central part, central function of is managing all your, your borders, is that crap.

Jason  27:53
That was managing the orders and the inventory on the lot. So I don't know if I could really place one priority over the other. But yes, both of those are important. Sure.

Ian Miller  28:07
Yeah, this definitely sounds like a project that is along the lines that we could do. If you had asked if we have something in place that we could just tweak and you could use them. We definitely would start with what whatever we have, which we've built buffer for different kinds of companies. And order management is definitely one of the most common software functions that that people are looking for when they call us up. So that that piece is something we're definitely familiar with. What we specialize in is custom software where, which is very different from out of the box software. So like, for example, in your industry, custom custom buildings is definitely a different ballpark than just you're just buying lots off, buying fillings off the lot. So the way the way we do it is we look at your product, what your needs are and use what we have and build on to it whatever we we don't have to tweak it, customize it to exactly what you're looking for. And so each project is going to be a bit different. But we we approach it from what what exactly are your challenges that you're trying to solve? And what exactly do you need it to do? And then we go to work with you trying to come up with the best system to make that happen. Does that make sense? Yep,

Jason  30:01
how long you've been doing what you're doing there

Ian Miller  30:04
yet. So we've been, we've been going for 15 years in software. I personally have been working with this company for two and a half years now. And the founder, Ellis Miller is the one who started started Codemasters and he was working for another software company. And he ended up starting his own software company, he has for 10 employee working for him. And so building software may mean maintaining software, providing customer support, so forth, as a team of top 10 employees.

Jason  30:54
So for you,

Ian Miller  30:58
so, Ellis Miller is from Hutchinson, Hutchinson, Kansas, just like the the and his family, moved over to Bangladesh for ministry. And so he started, started, or opened his office over in Bangladesh, and hired some local guys there. And then his brother, Matthias, from the sales and customer support team here stateside, at where we do all the software testing, making sure it is exactly what customers are looking for providing the ongoing customer support, and so forth, here stateside. So yeah, that's a little of who we are. The way, the way we go about it is we start off with the design phase, which the design phase is where for like what we're doing here, we're talking about exactly what you need it to do, and really digging down into all the details. And that would include us wanting to see your spreadsheet, well, you're able to send that over. And just to make sure you have all the bases covered and have a so we come up with a plan, a basically a blueprint for exactly how this software will function, what it will be what we'll do it and write a price for that that will stand by so that way you don't get surprised with Oh, this is way more expensive than I thought. And that way we know exactly what we're getting into. And don't jump into a project that we don't know exactly what you're looking for. So the design phase, is the first step. And then if you're like, yep, I want this software, and I'm ready to move forward, then we move into the development stage. And we get our development team to build the software, and then our testing team, then our testers, test it and try to break it in every possible way. And make sure that functions are the shirt, making sure it lines up with exactly what the design plan said. And then do an onboarding to you or your with the client just to walk them through exactly how it works. Take it back to the developers if there's anything missing, and then cried the ongoing customer support, ongoing basis via email or phone, provide ongoing updates as technology continues developing, make sure your software staying secure and safe and backing it up. Computers crash and stuff, it's not going to be lost. So that's our overview of the the process.

Jason  34:03
And if the question for you is do you think is there gonna be enough advantages in a database system compared to a spreadsheet? Would it Okay, being faster, more reliable? It's different things like that. From what you've seen, maybe you don't maybe have even worked alongside with a lot of spreadsheets. Would you think the work is worth the effort for some of those improvements?

Ian Miller  34:38
That's a good question. You know, a lot of the people who come to us wanting custom software are people who are currently using spreadsheets, and I use spreadsheets a lot for personal, personal stuff. I've never tried running a business, all out on spreadsheets but spreadsheets They're really powerful. You can do a lot of things on spreadsheets, but like what you're saying you're sort of running up against the sea challenges, the one being that it's hard to do collaborate or to have multiple users on a spreadsheet. Typically, at least on when you're with Excel, it's hard to have multiple people using the same thing, especially since you don't have internet, their Google Sheets is a spreadsheet that does allow people to edit it from different places, you have to have web, you have to have a web browser, to be able to do that, where they're editing it from their computer, you're editing it. And so another another challenge that I'm hearing you say is that you're reaching the point where Excel where you're sort of maxing out what Excel can do, and you want your business to be able to keep growing. That's one of the things that some people who I've talked to use it, use it in general, this system works great, but sometimes we run into bugs or run into the things aren't working quite like it should and aren't quite sure where the problem is. So making sure it's reliable, some can sometimes be an issue. So the one, if I had to say the number one benefit of a database of a spreadsheet, is that it is something that you can keep building on. There.

Jason  36:58
A little girl had one of the little girls are coming down the stairs.

Ian Miller  37:06
Okay.

Jason  37:08
Some of them are long and other girls, thank you for fulfilling them. Yeah, go ahead. No, sorry.

Ian Miller  37:16
No, I just think I think probably the number one benefit that I see for you having database server spreadsheet is that it gives you something that you can keep growing, that can keep growing with you as your business grows, and as your needs. Continue to, as you need more functionality, such as the one lot needing 140 buildings rather than just 70. Having a database is going to enable you to keep making changes in that way. Maybe the spreadsheet will be harder to do.

Jason  38:00
So do you think as far as grouping the different styles of buildings together in separate? Well, you might almost have to see what I have here to even tell me if that's something that's even logical there. But maybe expecting too much of the database system here as well. I just know, there's, you know, you step on up to the bigger company, there's nobody that's using the spreadsheet system like we are here. We're not just we're not what you call a big company, but I would say well, this year, just see what SMS sales we've got. Just to give you an idea here. To 1666 we had 1600 66 sales here. First, that's enough, you know, to like I mentioned, it's a lot for first, but you know, this, this program has just in the sale page itself has 5000 lines, I'm sure more could be added. But as you add more information to the system, it has to process all that information as well.

Ian Miller  39:26
Mm hmm. Yeah. I just did a few calculations. It's about like 5050 orders a week. That's about right. Yeah, yeah, that's

Jason  39:37
course and this year has been a very busy year where they've already done more in sales this year right now, and we did last year the whole year. So

Ian Miller  39:50
Wow. Yeah.

Jason  39:56
Yeah, your whole that might, might be the other way. Next. Sure.

Ian Miller  40:01
Yeah. Yeah. Live in uncertain times. Sure. Yeah. So yeah, I so one, one more thing I'll say, we are software, our software runs, we have two, two primary ways of running our software. And the one is, if someone has internet, they can run Docker straight out of a web browser. And the other way is running on one of our lockdown terminals, which we have terminals that run using the same technology that highlight factory uses. Where if you're automate, you're able to use our software, and a PDF viewer in OpenOffice, word processors, but nothing else. And that is automatically backing up your your data. And then someone else could access that same information elsewhere, whether on a terminal or through their web browser, you mentioned, your one guy has internet and you don't, you would be able to access it through his phone or computer, but then you would be accessing yours through our lockdown terminal. So those are the two ways that we think function just to be upfront about how we handle the non internet option.

Jason  41:38
So So run that person again. So what you're saying he could be able to use my information, then.

Ian Miller  41:52
That's right, yeah, you think he has internet crashed? Yep. So he would be able to log into your same database and see everything that you are everything that you see, you would be able to see the same information without having the internet set up in your office using the terminal. And then the terminal is automatically backing up your data to the database, using technology that AIPAC uses for sending it emails and faxes. And you would not be able to access a web browser access to internet through your terminal. It's just a business terminal, where you have our software, a PDF viewer and open office software.

Jason  42:47
Those are interesting.

Ian Miller  42:58
I don't know if you have any thoughts. But is this something you'd be interested in? And would you be interested in? Considering a design phase where

Jason  43:10
we will, I was also trying to think that we are really busy now, which is a bad time to pursue things like this, but I've seen your ad and I thought, Well, you know what, I just kind of need to figure out who you are and make the phone call to do this. But it's, it would be now's not a good time to like this wintertime. And things always slow down for us in the wintertime. And that's when your busy season is I don't know, you have our businesses and no, we're not businesses. And if you're coming

Ian Miller  43:44
in not that we don't necessarily have one time, it's more busy than others. But the winter, we have different people who are like, hey, winters are four months, let's work on our software in the winter. But so if you were going to do that, if you felt ready to move forward, but you're like, I'd like to wait to the winter. One option is if we get you scheduled in the way the way I've worked is our design and our design process, or the design phase is a 20 $500 engagement where if you put a $500 down, then we could get you in our design calendar and you would be that spot would be reserved for you so that we can prioritize your projects. But one thing I'll say is that our our development time varies a lot depending on the complexity of the project. But from the time we start till the time we finish a project could be anywhere from three three to six months because it by the time we have nailed down exactly what it needs to be filled with time we get it all designed, developed and tested and re re tested and everything, it can take a little while. So the project would start if you got started, say in January, it may easily be summer by time you had your sock dressed up and going. So that just gives you an idea of what kind of what

Jason  45:29
should maybe you do. You're kind of the first person I call but there was there's a couple different other companies that that do barns very similar to what I and two of them have been one of them had their own software kind of built to what they needed. Three years in Eagle business management. EBM, okay, yeah, ebma. That's kind of what they use to build off what they need. But they've got a guy working for their company, that's, you know, he's next thing to a computer. Yeah, you can compare to all do what he wants. Well, in fact, he's the very same guy that put this system together. And it was built on after, you know, after he started. So he's, he's pretty good at this, that type of stuff. And so anyway, that's their system, or to the few things that I think, okay, so they're doing that right next to and along with their, like, I don't think they're using QuickBooks. So their, their money, or their Yeah, instead of using QuickBooks, this is all put together. That's that is good. But it is pretty. Yeah, it's almost too complex. For me what I was like, I don't know how long I go that far. The other one had another guy that he just put stuff together for, for their company. And it actually talks in the beginning stage of possibly selling copies of it. And so I didn't want to check with them, too, before I just get too deep in it. And I thought, well, maybe you've done this for other companies already. And now the good place to start, but so let me do a little more research before I just get in too deep with it. I

Ian Miller  47:24
guess. Sir, yeah, that sound? Sounds good. Yep. Would you like me to check in here in a few weeks, you want some time? in your chair back?

Jason  47:36
Call me back? Give me a call. Anytime you're, let's say your toe told us to whatever you think is convenient time for you.

Ian Miller  47:47
For how much time would you like? Like a week, two weeks to another on two or three weeks? Maybe? Sir. Yeah. Also, I would like to just send you an email summary of our conversation. Just we have a doc document that outlines what I just described. Would you have an email? I could send that to

Jason  48:13
Jason at hosted bars?

Ian Miller  48:19
I'm dead. barn.com dotnet dotnet. Okay. This net home, homestead barns got it. Jason at homestead barn. dotnet. Okay, I'll send that over. And I'll plan to touch base with you here in two to three weeks then. All right, thank you. Okay, have a good one. Jason. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai