Speaker 1  00:23
So much Hello, hello. Hello. Hello.

Unknown Speaker  10:41
Sorry for the wait.

Unknown Speaker  10:43
No worries.

Speaker 2  10:45
Hey, so real quick before we dive into the main topic here, do we know anything about the previous media buyers? adspend CPL anything at all?

Matthias Miller  10:56
I can go digging spelunking in their Facebook account if you want. Do I have access to that? Nope.

Speaker 2  11:04
Okay, yeah, if you don't mind I'd love to know anything. And if you've got full access, I'd love to see creatives headlines anything I just wonder what the main differences between theirs and ours

Unknown Speaker  11:15
is. Right let's take a look at it pulled up and then I could share my screen.

Speaker 2  11:25
Yeah, targeting and location why they did the locations would be of interest to

Speaker 1  11:31
you it says I'm restricted but I think I can still probably see some stuff here. Alright, so word of mouth. Best I can tell those are the only ones.

Speaker 2  12:10
Any close that little blue widget is open there on the on the right. Yeah. Cost Per result. Just sort by that, please. And so this month, are they still running?

Matthias Miller  12:22
No, they were running last month. So let's do

Speaker 2  12:25
us do a big chunk of last year like last quarter, even half year some you got to do it manually and Facebook maximum. That's you could

Matthias Miller  12:36
maximum that might work. Okay, so there we're getting there. We're doing direct link clicks.

Speaker 2  12:47
Okay, and maybe we should amount spent? Not that much. So that's from June 25 2021. I spent $20,000 Total while they must think we're horrible then.

Matthias Miller  13:04
Can I steer? Yeah. And what were you about to say? It was not even $20,000? Total? It's it is here Hang on one second. It's $6,000. From what I can see because Ohio is in here as well. We're losers

Speaker 2  13:25
fire that Jonathan guy. Let me just run the mouse for a second it's like I can't grab it. i It's clicking with it's not going anywhere.

Unknown Speaker  13:42
You see that to me, I see you moving there.

Speaker 2  13:47
Want to philosophy remotely? Now it says I'm controlling. What's going on here. Arrow doesn't work. Mouse doesn't work.

Unknown Speaker  13:59
Let me just set that. Just stop and try again.

Speaker 2  14:07
Now I wonder did your operating system ask like for permissions to control or something?

Unknown Speaker  14:22
I didn't ask but

Speaker 2  14:24
that's clearly moving the mouse but nothing that I clicked on actually clicks. See that? Are you seeing menus open? Nope. I can highlight them. I can see the color change but it doesn't click OK. Well, scroll this whole window pane to the right forming please or the way cause for landing, okay, let's customize the column. So up there at the top right columns, custom customize again, way down towards the bottom and scroll way down. hair like three quarters a little too far. Okay let's see we need leads in here now just come down to that metrics include Yeah, that leads those leads and go ahead and check those other boxes next to it I don't know if they're chatting today we turn on case they were scroll down a little let's see what else you've got in here.

Unknown Speaker  15:24
Where did they not stick? That was interesting okay

Speaker 2  15:39
should be good yeah, that's good enough apply. See what that did for us.

Unknown Speaker  15:45
And scroll to the right again

Unknown Speaker  15:51
really sorted by leads the leads column way so they weren't okay, go Yeah, that's fine.

Matthias Miller  16:08
All right. I wanted to go into the this is what I wanted to go into. Optimization for link clicks I mean, which is exactly what you would have expected.

Speaker 2  16:18
And normally I would say that's exactly how you burn money but here they were beating the pants office. Hang on. Let me just take a fishing early. Okay, that's interesting. I want to see all bunch more of these before we quit. If you don't mind. Yeah. And then it's saved on Okay. Wait, United States South LA 25 mile radius around Laporte. Oh, and they're doing really specific targeting for for dealers.

Unknown Speaker  16:44
Interesting. Okay. All right.

Speaker 2  16:51
Let's see some of those. Yeah, that's fine. Go ahead and click on that. It

Matthias Miller  16:56
looks like it's basically identical. Except for wait. This is literally Oh, yeah. Remember I told you they're both targeting the same area? We were never targeting the plumber theory because he set it up wrong. Okay.

Speaker 2  17:14
Okay, let's see these ads yet. Can you do the advanced preview there on the little bit? No, back where you were but a little out. There we go. Right. Yes. That's unbelievable. In theory, that's a horrible ad. Okay, so that let's see this other one.

Matthias Miller  17:46
By the way, Sales Team close another 22k. deal today. The online sales team? Yeah, almost at 100k. I'm not quite sure if it's quite 100k for the month but definitely cranking.

Speaker 2  17:59
Can we okay, that the first review the one that says Facebook? Can we get that to expand click on anything? Tell me what happens?

Speaker 1  18:08
Variations? Facebook feeds No.

Speaker 2  18:13
Click on anything there. There we go. Well, that's good enough right there. Okay. And I'm taking some screenshots here for Great, okay, you can close the window that's exactly the same no need to preview. Same thing, all the same? And what was that on all the same?

Matthias Miller  18:41
Unbelievable. So what? What's going on? Like, how, how can this be? I don't know.

Speaker 2  18:55
You know, a couple of well, how can this be, there's a lot of how it can be. ad accounts really do act differently. The age of the ad account the way they first set it up whether or not they hit it off great with Facebook on the first try with a dumb ad. It's ridiculous, but it happens on driving link clicks. Like, in theory, it shouldn't be possible. But it is possible that if you think about how complex the algorithm is, maybe the algorithm happened to find a big ol batch of people who are willing to click normally those people are not willing to convert but if the clicks are cheap, and they just happen to be converters, which is rare. Then there you go conversion rate metrics pan out good. We don't have an actual account here in the interface on the leads because it looks like they didn't track leads. So we are taking their word for it that it was six or seven a day from the other media buyer. Right and hold on hold on for Okay, I'm gonna try to minimize the zoom window so I can make a note

Unknown Speaker  20:15
stick with me for a second you

Speaker 2  20:48
can you go back up to the to the campaign tab or no I'm sorry to the ad group tab ad sets up let me just read that okay and then see it says one oh they didn't get much per 1000 people per website submission but then it says it didn't get any results link click event response for 1000 people

Unknown Speaker  21:17
okay

Speaker 2  21:18
all right well we're just gonna try that normally that is totally not what you do. But if it worked for them, we'll give it a shot. Let me just get an A let me expand my window again and get another shot of this

Matthias Miller  21:42
that'd be a whole other level of giving up control of your I don't even know what

Speaker 2  21:50
we're referring to giving Facebook control when you get

Matthias Miller  21:54
to school wide open

Speaker 2  21:57
it almost is so um Are you thinking that this looked for and plan this? Say here's another way that it might work if Ohio was really good, and like everything just worked good because people in Ohio are big shed buyers whatever. And they ran those ads first and then they stuck a little bit of Plymouth and Laporte in there well then they kind of just rode the Indiana just kind of wrote along with good account performance from Ohio. Does that make any sense at all? Yeah, it does. Okay, um, okay, and so we're pretty convinced that this report and Plymouth campaigns are the only two that we're running for Indiana

Matthias Miller  22:43
well let's Is there a way I can search ads by we do this we do column by all ads columns by see can I see two a column based on what's the Euro

Speaker 2  23:05
available? How by URL landing page by page

Unknown Speaker  23:11
okay it's not try link preview link add settings let's go down to link new house heritage

Speaker 2  23:33
try a filter see that skinny white bar at the top says search and filter a little higher up

Matthias Miller  23:39
oh yeah. So if the link no if the Okay, that may not work let's do this. Let's move the Customize columns heritage Laporte Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth port heritage this promoting website one this might be might be worth taking a look at. And they're doing this

Speaker 2  24:22
That's horrible. Like, again, in theory, that's one of the worst possible things you could do but if it worked for them, it worked.

Matthias Miller  24:28
Here are the ones before we came along. Or let's go into this one just to see what this is.

Speaker 2  24:42
So that's a boosted post that they just made a post organically on there. I say right, there's a new screenshot. Can you go right back once again and got it that is is interesting when it fits the course that's gonna drive link clicks I mean like I don't know they convert I have no idea we're taking their word for it or it's I'm not at all saying they're lying I'm just saying we don't have hard data to look at

Unknown Speaker  25:17
well we can at least we can at least target

Unknown Speaker  25:41
Alysha take a loss you know I'm here I'm here you're just gonna say we can target the same way they targeted

Matthias Miller  25:49
we could try that maybe we can just try the link clicks and see I mean what is it that we have to lose? Nothing

Speaker 2  26:10
and that's all what will end the Facebook page name on that it's the new house page. Lost outdoors.

Matthias Miller  26:17
No, it was it was the heritage areas. No periods. Heritage backyards Yeah, it's records Okay,

Speaker 2  26:51
that is good enough. Alex and I are gonna brainstorm over this. Is there a way to split this recording so I can send Alex just as much


Transcribed by https://otter.ai