Matthias Miller  02:38
Good afternoon. This is your bios.

Unknown Speaker  02:42
This is Wayne.

Unknown Speaker  02:44
Hey Wayne, how's it going?

Unknown Speaker  02:46
Let's go on

Matthias Miller  02:48
it's going good when it's going about yourself it's going here as well. Yeah we had good snow yesterday morning and sunshine today so

Unknown Speaker  03:05
while we definitely don't have snow that's for sure I'd say probably about 45 degrees and drizzle ah definitely different for Indiana January weather but

Matthias Miller  03:25
yep

Unknown Speaker  03:30
that's what sort of part makes new Oklahoma Michael here,

Speaker 1  03:37
everybody today good. Heard Wayne and Calvin and as I was jumping on the call here at SEMA brother rush by my window coming in from lunch, so he should be on here in the next 30 seconds. I would guess maybe a minute.

Unknown Speaker  04:04
Alvin here.

Unknown Speaker  04:06
Gavin blue Kelvin

Speaker 1  04:14
caught the tail end of Wayne's description of January weather in Indiana. And I heard something about drizzle and that was about all Is it a cold drizzle or a warm drizzle?

Speaker 2  04:34
I'm not sure it's not drizzling right now. But

Unknown Speaker  04:39
oh, maybe I didn't understand right.

Speaker 2  04:42
It is like 47 degrees and over. Oh, not the typical January weather for Northern Indiana but

Speaker 1  04:56
then you go from 40 degrees to But was it a couple of weeks ago? Negative what?

Unknown Speaker  05:04
Negative 10? Oh, wow. We don't get a lot of that, though. But

Matthias Miller  05:22
I would consider yourself fortunate for that. Yeah. All right. Let's see gave you here. Yeah. dokie? Good, good. All right. Well, I don't know that I've got, I'll get a few items you can maybe discuss. I don't know that I've got just a whole lot that I've got on my plate. And besides wanting to hear and be good to do an update on the day with Eric, I would love to hear your thoughts. Because have any follow up thoughts in any of that I love to hear an update on what's happening with brick and mortar dealers. And give a little bit of an update on some of the things that I've been working on. And taking a look at. And another thing that we need to nail down I don't know that we need to I don't know that this really needs to be now. We're here. But definitely interested in. Well, this, this really doesn't, doesn't happen here. It's just on my mind promos for the next next month, Mike and I can nail that down. So, Mike, do you have anything you had on your list that you wanted to go over? That's good.

Unknown Speaker  07:01
A couple of the ones were the same thing. So dive in.

Matthias Miller  07:06
Alright, I'd love to hear your thoughts. And on the what did you like? What stood out to you from Saturday? What were things you wish you would have seen more of? What were your thoughts on that? Here?

Speaker 1  07:20
The first question was refreshed my mind. And we spoke about this? How do we land on on getting that to where we can go back through that? Listen to that, has that been like put somewhere where you can call in? Or is that still on the plate?

Matthias Miller  07:34
Not yet. So we had, as part of that we had somebody doing professional videography and audio, so that we can recapture it for future use. And he said, By Saturday, he should have that. And so then next week, we can plug that in.

Matthias Miller  07:57
I wonder if one of the best way is to I mean, the simplest way to do this probably with what we currently have, is just tying it into the call recording and doing a fake phone number for the different parts of that training. And you can just listen to, you can just punch that in to listen to the different parts of the training. And we'll, I'll send out an outline of which pieces were

Speaker 1  08:25
okay, that sounds good. What about this was, like live on the screen or zoom or whatever. So New Dealers or staff coming on, we'll be able to see the live version of it. I assume.

Matthias Miller  08:41
That's correct. They'll be able to see it'll have a video of Eric some some of the team members who would have been on video and then we're going to have the slides. Somehow overlaid or split screen are something that they can follow along in the slides as well as you're going through it

Speaker 1  09:05
very helpful for anybody new coming on for sure. So that was a couple of my questions. Anybody else have questions on that specific subject? I understand that thing. Most or all of you are on that call nobody has questions or comments

Speaker 3  09:36
you mean on Eric's straining specifically? Yes, yes. Um I think it was really good. I mean, trying to pin down what the one thing is that that really stood out to me more than anything. probably well, one is just how critical product knowledge is. Maybe another one is. Well, that would maybe be my one

Speaker 1  10:42
point of interest on that product knowledge or product training, I think is goes hand in hand. And this is just a little plate of interest. The day I'm having research done in Charlotte, North Carolina, right next to the airport, trying to find a little, maybe 50 or 50 convention room, where we could wheel a shed into for a day of training, in hopes that there would be flights available for all remote staff to fly in for a day for a day of training, take a little roll from the airport over to the convention center, which is supposed to be right next door, have a data draining in there, but everybody go back home for the night again. So if this works, find something that works is next to the airport. And it's reasonable, and it may just work fairly well. Or we could have anybody across the US it doesn't matter. Get together for a day. Training could be pretty valuable. So that's just a side note on that. They got Well, I

Speaker 3  12:12
think that would be bad. Great. Yeah. I mean, it's it's extra convenient that Charlotte is an American Airlines hub, and sends direct flights to Mom and Pop airport all across the state. That

Unknown Speaker  12:31
yeah, I think it would be great. So what did you find as far as the city bus safety spot?

Speaker 1  12:44
That's when all those to do lists for today. So by 430, to report it fine. So we'll see. But I do know, there's like the convention center there, that's huge. It has unbelievable amounts of opportunity. I just don't know how, what, how expensive they are. And you know, there's good connection from there to the local airport right there. I do know that too. So keep me posted on that. I would say one of the takeaways that I had was a simple one. And that's just the very first call asking for the sale, as uncomfortable as it might be for the very first call asking for the sale. Just do it if you don't ask for it. Wayne, I think it was weighing that told me this the other day yesterday, he said, If you don't have a goal, you will hit it every time. Bam. Don't ask for it, you will probably hit that. So it sort of matched up with little testing we did on asking for Google reviews. We had a bunch of just sent out cards and thank you cards and these little cards and you know, write a nice little letter. And would you please you know, leave us a Google review. And it's beautiful, but just participation just doesn't really happen. So earlier this week, Randall goes out and jerks out his phone after delivery says hey, would you leave us a Google review? He just asked for it. And the guy said Well, sure. And he scanned it and gave him a nice five star plus a nice written review. So just ask for it.

Speaker 3  14:29
So interestingly, just today, I don't know if did Shana talk to you about the Google review issue.

Speaker 1  14:38
We're that so that's the same issue that we don't have. I got sidetracked over when that came up just before end of the year and then I left for a week and back is that on my list as a high priority to chase that one, but that's the same thing that came up where we don't have control on on vinyl structures as they are Google listing because it was set up under alders, hills cloggers, email. So after regain control on that, and most likely somebody just said, Oh, that would be fun. Let's just go in them is permanently closed. It's

Unknown Speaker  15:31
Wow. So Jill being the wife of ag Kirby, the owner of shares, right. So that's interesting.

Unknown Speaker  15:53
What is a solution there?

Speaker 1  15:58
It's not an easy one. But there's several different ways we can charge at it and see if it works. But we tried several different things. And like a couple times, like we tried that call in number where they send his code. Well, the code doesn't go to 4311. Because we're not sure it might be going, not coming to us because the email is going to jail country cloggers. Or it may be because it was importing issues. We try it like three times. So they Google said, Oh, well, this doesn't look right. So they deleted that option. You can't try that option anymore. That's off the books is what happened there. So other other options. So we're a little limited to what we can utilize at this point. But it may be I think we do have a couple left. We'll figure it out. If we just dig into it for three days straight and just keep trying.

Matthias Miller  16:54
Did you just out of curiosity

Unknown Speaker  16:56
to go ahead.

Matthias Miller  16:59
Did you try the video call with Ronaldo?

Speaker 1  17:07
Did not? And maybe that's the best? Maybe that is the best option. I have spoken to Allen too. And we had said well after well. Let's try this this direct phone number. Yeah. And then we were trying to do all that. And then it they cut us off. And so and then we left for vacation and for Christmas and then gotten back to him urgent things, but it needs to happen quickly. Do you have any other ideas? So video thing what else?

Speaker 3  17:43
We have other thing would be I know this would be a little uncomfortable just like asking for a sale on the first call. But but just called you. Just tell her what happened. And I would give it at least nine out of 10 chances that she's gonna say Oh, sure. And then the game is over? What happened one out of 10.

Speaker 1  18:11
But if she gets like not so nice about it, and then is alerted to the fact and notifies Google that there's going to be spam trying to take over the account.

Speaker 3  18:27
I mean that I don't know what would happen in that event. I have no idea. I'm not tech savvy with Google. But the chances that she would do that would be very, very small.

Speaker 3  18:46
I'm pretty sure that they really have no idea about all of this.

Unknown Speaker  18:56
If you have any other ideas

Matthias Miller  19:00
No, I tried reaching out to a Google Ads account rep just by chance to see if that might spin up anything but wasn't able to reach them and didn't get a call back. Was it? I don't know it's outside of their domain anyway. I don't really know what to do besides, I think the video option is probably the most likely option too. But I think it's a good option to try. And besides trying to, you know, said trying to call Joe I don't really have any good ideas off the top of my head on this What else

Unknown Speaker  19:56
should we talk about?

Matthias Miller  20:01
I'll update on what Eric was just interested in hearing, too. He kind of wanted to know, did you guys feel like it was? It was worth the effort energy? Was it? Was it not? What it did? He was interested in having some feedback on that.

Speaker 1  20:25
I think it was. That's just my opinion. Absolutely.

Speaker 4  20:32
Same here, Matthias, I would say definitely helpful. Something that really impressed me was as good as Eric is. And he was still open to correction. I thought it was just Yeah, it was very good.

Speaker 2  20:54
One thing that kind of stood out to me was the fact that like, he learned all these techniques over the years, but but he really stressed on this as always evolving. It's not like this is how you do it, and you always win. FTA adapt.

Matthias Miller  21:23
Good. Yeah, I agree. It's good. Some of the things that we've talked about that some of the traits we look for in in somebody that we want on the online sales team. Kind of interesting to hear some of that spoken, spoken back. There, see it reflected in, in Eric, as well, and through what you guys observed. Like I would love to, I don't know that I got more on that or need more on that. Let's see you guys do Mike, love to hear a little bit of an update on where things are at with the brick and mortar dealers. update on that.

Speaker 1  22:10
I do. So there's the three truepoint ones that we are talking about. That's South Boston, Chatham, this Mocksville. Last night, yesterday afternoon, I met for about two and a half hours with those guys, the guy in Chatham and the guy in South Boston and talked about that at length. It was a forum to make a switch there. And this afternoon, I'm going to meet with either one of Mocksville. And both of these guys have yesterday are either guys that I would trust him in the life. And they're the type of guys that make decisions. They're not impulse, like making decisions on impulse. So a read on that, I would say there's a 98% chance that it's like, want to give them this. They want to sleep over it and whatnot. But the feedback and body language tells me it's a 90% chance that that's going to be a go in the next week. And we'll see how this goes today. But basically, what the proposal is that combining those two models to where the law model and the only model can work together as a team as a team effort, compensation becomes aligned, and collaborating with large inventory, leads, knowledge, sales, coaching, huddles, all of that.

Unknown Speaker  24:04
So the last little thing

Speaker 1  24:10
there that I put in there was that ourselves to question if this is the fit for me, as committed to this. So we want a commitment there that having this scenario where you know, and we're going to thrive on a team effort and culture like this. Before we dive in, before you dive on, is there dive in and say this is what I want? Are you self motivated with this environment? So being on a salary position versus a base, are you going to be self motivated to still have goals and be motivated to be in the teams and thrive and then for the first year

Speaker 1  24:59
in that purple was a lead put down for a quarterly review on the Fit alignment so that both parties can determine per quarter that this continues to be fit or not. So there's an off ramp. If things went sadly, we spoke about that some so that there's there's expectations there upfront that it doesn't need to be public conversations if there's an off ramp. So we'll see, I think, a 90% chance that it's going to work, which would automatically give us access to immediately as soon as we meet Bob, to start utilizing the inventory sitting on those lots to sell as Aflac, which would be tremendous, and drive to those locations in Virginia as well, about that. So that pretty much wraps that up of where we're at on those two, the same, the same thing will be presented noon, and and we'll see she is just slightly different. Slightly different makeup than the other two dues we'll see. There, but any questions?

Matthias Miller  26:34
Questions here,

Speaker 3  26:35
so but just to make sure you understand the general concept, but that maybe digging one level down deeper is so they would be on part of the online sales team. Only, they would also have inventory at their lot. Is that correct?

Speaker 1  27:06
They have the same level of access to Philadelphia a lot isn't already do. Only they can walk out and show it to people where they were Suntory can't.

Unknown Speaker  27:21
But we drive

Speaker 1  27:26
leads to them in a bigger way again, and with traffic and collaborate on on all, you know the sales. So it really doesn't matter where the sales get landed on. Sure, there'll be goal goals to hit. But it'll be a team effort to hit those goals.

Speaker 3  27:50
So when will they be treated? The same way as all as salespeople as far as leads, like there'll be trained to do online sales, they'll get leads, there'll be, you know, Marissa Tory, Kelvin and on down the line. And then so they're behaving just like online sales people other than when they get a customer on the lot. They're gonna walk away from the desk, and they won't be following up with leads. Is that right?

Speaker 1  28:23
That would be my vision. Matthias, you have a different picture that

Matthias Miller  28:29
my only question would be, should we still drive? It? I don't know that we need to, I was gonna say sure we still drive leads within a 50 mile radius to them. But the number of people who actually have to walk on the lot to buy has been so minimal. I mean, we could the only anyway, we might not even need to do that. We just stick him in the pool and have them go for it.

Speaker 1  29:06
Collaboration is if the if the compensation structure is aligned, and the collaboration is aligned. Reserved Tory take the call and it happens to be one that's local and wants to go see it. I think we could have an easy process to where that is that lead maybe gets transferred to that person or whatever it could be figured out. Maybe it doesn't need to I don't know, but agreed.

Speaker 3  29:42
Would we at that good. At that point would we be? Are you saying we would not be putting forth effort to drive people to the lot Are we would

Speaker 1  30:05
I see it as as neutral if they want to go great if they don't want to go great the options there and if we determine that one scenario becomes more successful focus on it and start pushing that direction but at the end of the day learning we've learned a lot closing rate today is much better than it was 30 days ago it was great this week is a lot better than it was two weeks ago and deep learning whatever works we do more of such a pool of people have combination of brick and mortar and online and personalities will learn a lot of different opinion Matthias

Matthias Miller  31:01
Yeah, I don't think I do I think now without trying to think through the implications of either pathway, I think if we get them if we give them leads that are outside of their radius, we're going to force them to hopefully force them to move more towards the mindset of let's do online sales. Let's do it let's close over the phone whenever we can. And if we prioritize local leads to come over to them, then it's more likely that they'll be trying to get people onto the lot and close them that way. So for that reason, and just for the for the sake of making things as similar as possible I think it's I think be quite interesting to just try putting them in the pool and no matter where you're located you get assigned to a sales rep and there you go uz

Speaker 1  32:10
turning them in into the turning them on or including them on the round robin and

Unknown Speaker  32:21
other be

Speaker 1  32:23
eventually five instead of to now the only thing here does does

Unknown Speaker  32:47
sorry, someone was asking me something.

Speaker 1  32:49
I thought somebody was starting to see some cause that's somebody off

Speaker 3  32:59
well, maybe it was me is everybody I mean I understand everybody being on the same same platform the same pay structure but is are you anticipating everybody would be paid exactly the same or just the same structure

Speaker 1  33:23
I chose same structure and virtually identical numbers and I feel like we have a team that we have the three are competent enough that they're worth it I think there if it's too much of a difference I think there could be the potential there of making a little conflict there but that'll could be determined these particular three are getting a offer that mimics almost identically that offering them health insurance or whatever but

Unknown Speaker  34:12
is it a fairly big shift from how they're getting paid now

Speaker 1  34:22
the two I talked to yesterday not too much a little bit. They were on a salary with a little bonus commission like pretty much as what those two were the one I'm talking to today is straight commission. So it will be it will be cold water so we'll see how that goes. But I think she may actually like it because he doesn't like risk either. And she has

Speaker 3  34:56
Well, I like this a lot. I think increasingly size of this group is a win, I think having just because of the interaction just because of the knowledge because of the skill sets. Number two, I think it's a win because adding brick and mortar lots to the group is huge. And number three, when is is the the testing and sharing of ideas becomes greater when number four is the training becomes much more, less fragmented, much more focused. When number five, I'm thinking them up as I go now, when number five is there's more. Somebody helped me out with win number five. So what are the downsides?

Speaker 1  36:11
Well, one of them that I think is for us is going to make a huge difference for or for Tori, and for Marissa is able to offer off a lot sales with huge inventory. So right now they have a shed that Ooh, we have a built, pre built shed that we can sell to people. And there are a lot of people mericans that want instant gratification. Most of them. There's very there's very few left that don't want something quickly. And now. You know, you have access to providing this all pans out, which I think it will, you'll have access to a couple 100 grand of inventory that's pre built on lots spread out over North Carolina and Virginia, and you've got a customer with want something quick. We'll give them access to the inventory where they can see it in real time flip through there. Yep, yep, got one got three here, actually in two different colors. Which one would you like? And we can do delivery and you know, five days now. And I think that could greatly impact the success of the close rate. I think it could greatly impact that.

Unknown Speaker  37:27
I would say typical,

Speaker 1  37:31
dealers sell at least 50% of sheds off their lot. Be that good or be that bad. I would say facts that would probably from our experience in the last 10 years. So it is big.

Speaker 4  37:50
So Michael, and by understanding correctly. So on the pay structure. Well, let's just use a number. So everybody's getting paid 10,000 a year. And all the Commission's not

Speaker 1  38:06
know where do you where do you get those? Where do you get those employees? I want to hear I need those 10,000? Yeah, that's

Unknown Speaker  38:15
Bally's. Indiana, Belize.

Unknown Speaker  38:21
They work at the RV factories.

Speaker 4  38:23
Yeah, they do. Let's say they all get paid 10,000. So every week all the Commission's get thrown into a bowl. And end of that week, everybody gets paid out of that bowl? Or how is that going to work?

Speaker 1  38:46
Everybody just is on a salary position. So this is what you're gonna get paid, it's here, or you are, and it's just healthy enough to where it makes, it just makes a lot of sense. It's just a healthy number. And now it would get no commissions

Unknown Speaker  39:01
involved.

Speaker 1  39:04
None. So if you have any commissions involved, what'll happen is without fail, you may as well be straight commission, because it's, well, this is not really fair, because you're getting all the good leads, or you took that sale away or you can't sell off my inventory my lot because then I don't have it to sell and it's just it just opens a can of worms and it's all exactly doesn't work. So it has to be salary and you have to be good with that. And you have to be motivated with this structure to be part of this because otherwise, you know, you're probably not going to be self unless you're self motivated at this point. And that number is just look, this number is healthy. So we need to look at it in that way and the motivated by having me efforts and having each other to drive as on. So that's the big questions that we are crossing, like, can use thrive on this in this culture that we are talking about in this environment be self motivated, and going to be pretty decent sized team. And so understanding the larger team. So to answer your question, straight salary, this is the number it is. And then we'll set sales goals for us to make sense to be able to get you that healthy number. Then we have sales goals, and we're going to need to hit the sales goals, we're going to help you that you need to be self motivated to hit him as well. And we consider to win. Everything below me. For everybody, let's all help each other here goals.

Speaker 2  41:10
Michael, how did he answer the question? If somebody asks, you know, how much can I grow? And they're referring to making more.

Speaker 1  41:21
So that conversation, interestingly came up last night, you know, how in the world, you know, this, this locks me down. And we're sort of has been in the past motivated by, you know, that extra sale that I mean, Kelvin right now, he's working on a deal with the state, that the state, the county county wants 30 sheds, like going in all their locations. So he's like, been for the last 30 days trying to close and I've been trying to help them critique things to make this make sense. And so, you know, I've been thoroughly used to man and got this 30 Shed sale? You know, I'm almost closing, you know, and how do we overcome that? Well, so we are taking by doing this, you're gonna get an increase from what actually, you actually got paid, at the end of the year, last year, what you got paid, you're gonna get paid an increase. And then what we're going to do is make realistic expectations based on what actually happened last year, to this year, but we are sure we can hit with the extra knowledge, expertise and team that we have, we've set goals that are higher. And we really need to hit these goals. For this to continue to make sense with this number, a buyer number that we are going to offer you the salary than what you got paid last year on your position. So it is a win for you. But we'll have to hit these sales goals number. So how do we grow? This is for 2023. And, and the end of 2023, we're going to look at the actual numbers again. So oh, man, we just we just really hit the sales goals. And we've by far exceeded them. And we know next year we can grow even way more. So we'll set realistic sales goals based off of that. And if there's room for growth, absolutely, we can move that number, you know, so based off of the performance, we can revisit that so it made a whole lot of sense to him and we're taking the risk not you in this because set these numbers and we'll guarantee you in 2023 is starting and starting great. We just don't know how it's going to end up at economics won't start fragmenting but oh yeah, early on. We don't want to take that risk. So absolutely. So nobody wants to take risks. Nobody most people don't want to take risk some people.

Unknown Speaker  44:02
So

Speaker 2  44:03
some more questions going through my head on online sales team. Indiana and Northland are splitting that in US Indiana is hoping to benefit from that. How does that look like? Online team makes sales for Indiana. Wood wood North Carolina. brick and mortar dealers also get access to those leads are well we understand

Speaker 1  44:34
that I would think Matthias you can speak into this but it seems like we would need to have a an algorithm in there where North Carolina leads get put into a round robin where they go around the round robin and gets through it amongst North Carolina brick and mortar dealers and the Online team And then Indiana have one where it goes around if they if they want to, as soon as you want to use, and maybe you are already are you using on the Marisa and torriani?

Unknown Speaker  45:14
I'm not aware of.

Speaker 1  45:17
So as soon as you want to do that, it seems like sharing those along. Ori, and Risa and for the viewers like in Round Robin, there would make a lot of sense. But Matthias, you've probably have some, you know, the tech side of it and understand that better than I do.

Matthias Miller  45:36
How much difference is there in the buildings you sell? I know there's, you know, when you mentioned chicken coops, but is there any other differences in the buildings that you sell?

Speaker 4  45:52
I would say not. We have there's one other building. It's eco designer building more of a economy style. That that's the only two things I can think of.

Matthias Miller  46:13
Okay, and the other consideration is that what's the selling and buying culture like in Indiana versus North Carolina?

Speaker 4  46:34
As you're talking about online versus brick and mortar,

Matthias Miller  46:39
I'm talking. Okay, so when I think of Northern Indiana, where you guys are at I'm thinking more of a rural feel. And perhaps more well, I don't know if this is accurate, I guess. Not even online versus brick and mortar. I just mean like, you know, who the who the people are who are buying what their general culture and outlook on life is? Is it pretty similar? Is there differences

Speaker 4  47:16
I would say more rural. I don't know Calvin, what would you have to say on that?

Unknown Speaker  47:22
I'm not sure what the correct answer is for.

Unknown Speaker  47:35
Dave, you've been there if you've been to both places. You got an opinion that

Speaker 3  47:43
Well, I mean not really, because I mean, just Northern Indiana Ligonier or wherever. I mean, there's definitely a lot more economic activity going on. There. There. There isn't Hampton Ville Hanson Ville calls or two to one two people at least. But there's really not a lot of shifts that will enhance anvil so I think we need to look at cities within 100 miles or urban area or where are most shares going? Actually think Matthias you once did you put some model together wants to see where the kids go? Did it go? More?

Matthias Miller  48:29
We did a heatmap where did i What did I do with that? Listen, I am I am probably better at figuring things out than remembering things. So let me just see if I can find where that was.

Unknown Speaker  49:00
So if I'm

Speaker 1  49:01
following correctly, where we're going on this, while you look for that is does it make more sense to

Unknown Speaker  49:09
keep these leads

Speaker 1  49:12
going separately? Or more sense to put everybody in one huge big round robin and somebody from South Boston, Virginia is selling a building off of a an Indiana sales lot to a local customer in Indiana and somebody sits in Ligonier and is selling a jet off of South Boston's lot to somebody delivering 10 miles on the road. Is that the question? boiling down to

Unknown Speaker  49:51
yeah

Unknown Speaker  50:02
What are some pros and cons in that? Now that you brought it up? You probably have an opinion on that? Well,

Speaker 2  50:12
I mean, I was just trying to wrap my mind around how that

Matthias Miller  50:19
works are

Unknown Speaker  50:23
mean the way it sounds differ on the pay structure? And oh, could that be changed?

Speaker 1  50:35
I think anybody like being on this anybody that want to be part of the actual Online team, and part of these leads, I think, would need to be aligned in compensation, or there could be some potential repercussions I think. But you know, that gave

Speaker 3  51:13
us so the issue I'm understanding is, well, let me talk from several of several different levels from a very, very, very high level as a yet could meet. I mean, the exact same principle would apply toward putting everybody in one group versus having separate groups as far as training becomes a lot more streamlined focused in easy number to all of the things there's more people learning, there's more interaction, all that all that all that moving down one notch. I agree that that if the compensation structure was different it could it could it doesn't necessarily, I don't think it would have to create misalignment conflict with everybody could, although I'm not quite sure are India, how are Indiana dealers? Is it commission three commission? Or how are they being paid?

Speaker 2  52:38
Would you switch that to salary plus commission? I would be kind of curious what you Michael consider a healthy salary.

Speaker 1  52:54
So last year, I guess it's all relative. But in comparison to what these guys made last year, is what I'm comparing it with. So my goal was to align with a very similar number that Tori and Marissa are getting, so that at the end of the day, if these were newbies, I would look at it differently that they've have on the one to two years of experience now, and are pretty valuable. And I think they're definitely worth that. So that way, there's more alignment than just the structure. It's like, really, really closely like addable in every aspect. Last year, South Boston and Adam lotta guys, were on a different pay structure. This just my brain almost stopped working and I checked it like three times when it seen this, but they were in a different pay structure. Marcus was on the pay structure that oh, that I haven't came it originally put together where it's the sales goal. And then you get a salary plus an over sales goal you get a feel school. And then it's an we all know how that work. Think so he was feeling that and Kelvin was on a 7% street with guarantee so I pull out their compensation yesterday for 2022 Just to see exactly where were the at. So we can see what what actually happened 2022 And what I'm offering for 2023 I paid them even though they were on a different on a different lot on a different pay structure within $58.90 But the Even like they were paid within $58.90 I checked it like three times looking at what's the deal and it was all itemized. So wow wow okay, so this this will work good so offer that to bring them to similar to what Marissa and Tory are getting paid was a 17 and a half percent increase brought them to 72,800

Unknown Speaker  55:31
So that was

Speaker 1  55:34
I don't know maybe you might think it'd be way high or way low or about right I'm not sure but that's that's what the number ended up being so I set sales goals look, let's get let's hit a million dollars next year if we had a million dollars and then the next year we can grow from there so hopefully we are exceed that but realistic I think it's realistic.

Speaker 2  56:03
He said a million dollar sales goal and 72,000 you're slightly over 7%

Speaker 1  56:11
Just a little bit so it's actually pretty close to what like Kelvin had.

Unknown Speaker  56:17
Really, but look,

Speaker 1  56:19
we're gonna have to hit this number. We're going to help you but you have to help us you're gonna have to be motivated and hopefully we'll hit 1.5 But. Find those heat maps Matthias

Matthias Miller  57:08
did not I'm not sure where they're at.

Speaker 1  57:13
No, Dwayne had had them and maybe you pass them off to Dwayne, but I know I remember

Unknown Speaker  57:19
when we had

Speaker 1  57:21
what was it? I think when we had discussion on drawing out maps on strategic areas of driving to the different dealers way back we had looked at that I remember seeing that seems to me like it was south of Greensboro, North of Greensboro of Boston. Batesville Mocksville it wasn't the huge cities like Charlotte and in Charlotte new green in Greensboro, new we don't sell sheds in big cities outlying

Speaker 3  58:09
small everybody's on certainly Baron good Oh, since everybody's on the phone here and nobody was talking right then. Just while we're on the phone here I think I got the A sheds for sale li someone's getting those right I don't need to worry about that when I get those

Matthias Miller  58:53
what emails that come in to

Speaker 3  58:56
it's coming to 4319 an email by fax and I get maybe on average about one a week to this week I may have gotten two so far don't know that like it always does.

Matthias Miller  59:20
I haven't been seeing it on on my end. If we can have it gets sent to the email that you sent back yards are gonna have the Merson Tori pick them up

Unknown Speaker  59:35
Michael Do you know anything about sheds for sale?

Unknown Speaker  59:39
That's for sale.com Yeah. We have a shed for sale that calm account.

Speaker 3  59:49
So I mean is I just get every once in a while these emails that say a new contact form has been completed from joy. Tend to breath And then it's always a different name. If you're the kind of guy.

Speaker 1  1:00:05
Yeah, so we had set up, A, we had set up sets for Zillow COMM For, for several of our, well, the brick and mortar truepoint dealers have sheds for sale.com forums. And they made those copies in, I'll have a follow through and see if they're also printing, there's most likely, you're getting copied on those most likely, because your email was used to set up that account. But then they're specifically tailored for each slot. So most likely, you're only copied but send me copies. And I can confirm what's happening there. And I don't know, though, we said for sale, that calm is something that we can do some more testing on it. But it has not brought huge value to us so far.

Speaker 3  1:01:13
I mean, is it something we should send them to the like, if we're going to create one? big, powerful, Happy Family Health Team? Should we send them there? I agree. It's not ever going to be huge. But everyone's well leave it at that. You can do whatever you want with it. I guess I'll send this to you.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:40
Good, I'll look into it.

Matthias Miller  1:01:45
So just jumping back to the previous conversation, if I may, just to make a wild suggestion. I think it's going to be easier if Marissa and Tori branch out into Indiana, and you keep brick and mortar dealers local and we can always test and pivot. If you want to go that direction. I think that was the original question that that sparked the whole conversation. I don't know that there's a if for no other reason than the fact that Well, I don't know that we have any good data or information or rationale to really go one way or the other except that the brick and mortar or juggling in person and online sales, which might not be a huge deal, but is still juggling some there. And they have product knowledge but less online sales knowledge. The online salespeople currently are focused in a single lane and adding one more thing to them as in slight geographic difference and a few product product tweaks but not kind of limits the number of things that each respective party is juggling. And I don't know if it's super consequential and kind of making up an answer but it seems like the kind of thing we can just decide on and reevaluate if it's not working.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:01
I agree with that.

Speaker 1  1:03:03
I think for sure as we bring on a brick and mortar dealer I think it's going to be maybe enough of a change that for sure they should get acclimated to and settle in and elaborate on that level. Maybe bringing several things new things in at the same time maybe a little bit dramatic and if we determine that it just changed at some point that we think it could

Unknown Speaker  1:03:32
easily be us is that a difficult

Speaker 1  1:03:36
thing to do to allow Marissa and Tory to be in a round robin for both

Matthias Miller  1:03:45
well difficult not necessarily I mean the last thing that we talked about oh how is this Do we have does assist have the concept of secondary dealerships? You lost me there dealership in a salesperson

Matthias Miller  1:04:25
I think I'm trying to think through just a little bit how we actually pull this off. I mean, we we effectively are going to want to see what's going to happen to to Calvin and Marcus is that they'll get moved as from sales reps under the respective brick and mortar dealership to the true point online dealership or will they still will still have their own dealerships but just be lumped together.

Speaker 1  1:05:21
I guess I didn't think it through that. The by just just in my mind, I was seeing it as, as they would still be representing their location. They would be the responsible party to monitor their inventory and get it replenish itself. And if there's questions on material audits and stuff, and they're sort of responsible for their rd for their inventory that happens to sit on their lot, and some goals attached to their names still, but I guess ology side of it, how does that look? To me?

Matthias Miller  1:06:11
Yeah, we actually do have the concept of additional dealers, and I'm not sure what all that works. I think how all that works, I think what you would do is, we're Marcus and Calvin, we'd set them up to the standard their dealership, we have the online two point online as an additional dealer for them. Merson Tori's primary dealer would be two point online. And then we'd have we would add additional dealers for them under the Indiana locations. And then we would make the round robin, the round robin would then for dealership, it would then respect. It would include those extra sales reps in the round robin as well. So we go down that route. assuming there's nothing, some kind of implication for this that I'm not thinking through, Dwayne would probably be the guy to answer that. This would be a very straightforward change to I mean, we do have to tweak the round robin, but it'd be a pretty straightforward change to do it. And then that would let us they'll keep the Well, no, the we would lose the 10 mile, you always get everything within 10 mile guarantee unless we've got some way to accommodate that.

Speaker 1  1:07:44
On the fence, if that's necessary, if that's like, in a sense, you know, that makes a whole lot of sense. Because it's local, is high. There's

Unknown Speaker  1:07:52
very few.

Speaker 1  1:07:53
I mean, there's very few that fall in that really local level, but it makes it complicated. I would probably be okay to turn the round robin on and see how this works. Now, question for you. Kelvin. In Wayne, we've talked about this a lot. No, you wrote up that question. Do Are you ready to turn that on? For starting to utilize leads? or utilize Murrison Tori on a round robin where you start dropping them leads us Well, are you ready for that? Are you still want to wait and still drive them to your dealer? Bring them over to dealers hurt? Where are you at on that on that? So

Speaker 4  1:08:51
answer your question, Michael. Not really. So we were before we switched, I would say we have probably on an average three leads a day. And I just check that on purpose because this is something I wanted to talk to you Matthias about is so far this week, Laporte has gotten nine leads, and lemmas has gotten six leads. So with not more leads coming in than that. We're definitely not ready to make that move.

Speaker 2  1:09:34
You're thinking to switch that when we hit of leads?

Speaker 4  1:09:41
Well, I had said 10 leads, but I did some reconsidering and I really think like seven six to seven leads a day is good enough for a brick and mortar. I think that's a fair amount with you know with them. Haven't people coming on the lot yet? But we don't

Unknown Speaker  1:10:06
have the how many dealers do you have?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:10
Right now we have two dealers. Working on the

Speaker 1  1:10:13
12 leads per day is what you're saying? Do you have capabilities of holding? Yes.

Speaker 1  1:10:22
Oh that would be a bunch of leads if you have 12. If you have 12 times six, and you're looking at I mean, 72 leads there, which a lot of those oftentimes come in come in the weekends too, but

Speaker 4  1:10:41
yeah, exactly. But so how many how many leads? Are your dealers getting Michael?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:50
When it came in last week with ice

Matthias Miller  1:10:55
to the online sales team or just to dealers

Unknown Speaker  1:11:00
find the leads.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:03
Sorry, what was that?

Speaker 1  1:11:06
Oh, total leads, how many total? They would get combined that went to dealers and to see ya.

Matthias Miller  1:11:32
Otherwise, I'm curious to So based on what Jonathan had said. He does it sound right that? Okay, so it's about

Matthias Miller  1:11:52
so each of the locations for the last 30 days of each of the location has been getting about 20 leads a week? Are you seeing numbers fairly differently different from that?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:07
time talking to me, Matthias or Michael,

Matthias Miller  1:12:09
I'm talking to you while I'm hunting this

Speaker 4  1:12:14
bait, so I have gotten 15 leads total this week. Okay, now, it's I don't know, am I not getting copied on all of them? I could be off on that part for some reason.

Matthias Miller  1:12:35
Let me give me a second. Let me put together a report here. So,

Speaker 4  1:12:43
Michael, while he's doing that, is six is that is that way too high? Like what are your thoughts on that?

Speaker 1  1:12:53
Well, it varies from it varies from, obviously from person to person, but it seems like once as your pipeline fills up. And the more follow ups you have, the more follows the more people that build up in that pipeline, the less that you're going to be able to take on as new leads at once it gets full and it just starts revolting, if that makes any sense. But yes, yeah. So what we've let me just see how my what my leads show for last week here.

Matthias Miller  1:13:34
So for since the start of the week, we're seeing about 104 leads

Unknown Speaker  1:13:42
you're seeing this week, or last week

Matthias Miller  1:13:45
for this week through the and I'm not sure how many of those were out of area but I'm just trying to look up the dealer that they were with but yeah, since Sunday last week was

Unknown Speaker  1:14:01
okay

Speaker 1  1:14:05
as definitely sharply stronger than what Kelvin or what Wayne is representing

Matthias Miller  1:14:18
Yeah, Jonathan has mentioned that that the market seems to be quite different between North Carolina and Indiana and he was a little baffled by the or not bad but yeah, baffled surprised by those differences

Speaker 1  1:14:43
obviously our spend is higher but not in the same ratio.

Matthias Miller  1:14:50
Know he said cost per lead is higher as well. One of the things I did wonder, I don't know this is an option. How how far up Don't know where we know he had expanded the radius. But even even the population, I mean, I'm sure the population of the area that we're targeting is lower substantially than per capita in North Clark in North Carolina. Where I would expect it is. Maybe I'm wrong on that.

Speaker 1  1:15:30
I don't know what things look like in any urban population goes. But there is a lot of hot, highly populated areas within close proximity of here with some big cities and then sub sub towns probably big season in the NSU.

Matthias Miller  1:15:50
Just to give you some numbers in the last 30 days, Chatham this is I believe this is still like you remember the radius, pretty small radius, but Chatham got 13, leads modulo 1415. Let's get chatting got 13 Mocksville, 14, South Boston got 14 final structures, I'm not sure why these are getting assigned to battle structures. Structures get six, and the Online team got 430. And then there were a bunch of out of area leads that we have a good way to. We've narrowed down.

Speaker 1  1:16:30
So online got 430. So 430. About a divided by that was a four week period, right? Yeah. Aside from what went to dealers, which was a trickle that was in that 15 mile radius per the week, we're doing like 107 for divided by is pretty divided by a minute six, number six numbers. You're off on that one? It seems like circling back to whenever you are ready, weighing in Calvin, to turn that on. capability is there to do that immediately. It just depends on when it makes sense. And it sounds like the lead flow could improve. Probably for that didn't make sense. It sounds like from the numbers that that sounds about right.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:53
Yeah, that

Speaker 4  1:17:54
is definitely correct. I would say if the if the lead flow goes up we can definitely get that switched over to you know, where Marissa and Tory are able to help us but at this point, there's no need

Speaker 1  1:18:12
is there any suggestions there that we should be working on for that? I know Jonathan is probably the most qualified to answer that question but what can be done to the most effectively through that cost per lead

Matthias Miller  1:18:39
can see you guys would have been previously 30 to maybe getting Okay, now the number of leads I don't know my math is right. How does the number of leads compare

Matthias Miller  1:19:09
Alright, report is a little lower this week than what it would have been what you were saying. limit is quite a bit lower. Six leads over four days. So it's about half. So you're seeing about about half is about half of the lead flow that you had been seeing with seeing before

Speaker 4  1:19:33
I would say so Matthias especially this week. I would say last week was better I didn't even check them but

Matthias Miller  1:19:45
and are you guys you guys are not in the new CRM yet. You guys are still you guys are still in Ohio. Going level Let me this needs to be fixed. Let me chase this. And let me let me see if I can get any more clarity on what's going on.

Speaker 2  1:20:25
Matthias, you made? Is it helpful? That has to be Matthias as a CRM has to be changed in order to bring leads to Online team?

Matthias Miller  1:20:38
Yes, it would need to be changed, I would Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:20:47
well as all the information and is treated and is capable of doing that for your dealers, if you want to do that. He just at the end of the end of Yeah. And of last year, yes, it was. We made the switch, and brought everybody into the new cerium. And he just did a live call with everybody. So as long as anybody that has the ability to sit in front of their computer, he could do it live training, and took us about an hour to walk through all of that changes and was not too big of a deal. And so what we're doing is we're running the two sides beside for a month or two, to let them get used to it, start using it understanding it, or we make, like art. Or he could do that as well, if you want to do that. So,

Speaker 4  1:22:06
Michael, by doing that, what are we gaining? Or what is this helping us to do?

Speaker 1  1:22:14
Is you're more involved than I am in the new scenario, and what are the benefits in? I know obviously, for we there's way far advancements there from the other one. involvement with assist. ality lead distribution, etc. Matthias, you probably have a more in depth detail answer for that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:22:42
well, let's start with the with the bad news. The bad news, the biggest thing you lose is integration of text messaging into the CRM. So just go ahead and rip the band aid off and say that's the bad news. Now, what's the upside? The upside is that we can like, like Mike was saying, we can do round robin distribution. Now if and, for example, we can make sure the dealers get the first six to seven leads, every single day and any additional leads beyond that get paid to the online sales team. We don't really have that capability with go high level. And we do have integration in assist so that you the CRM updates, when there's times when the building was built with the building is sold. And then when on sale happens. We're not quite at the point where we're ready to do this. But it's still something I keep wanting still on our radar to do is as we sell buildings, we can then feed that information back to the marketing campaign. And know exactly which which click and which AD AD or ads lead to the sale and continue giving Google, Google and Facebook that information to optimize not just for clicks and lead forms, but optimize for actual sales as well.

Speaker 4  1:24:26
So Marissa and Tory, don't the tax at all.

Matthias Miller  1:24:31
Oh, yeah, we use. They do text, we use sales message. And it's just a separate texting app. And so they do text. We're going to likely be adding integration so that text messages get archived into the CRM fairly directly here. But as I understand it, in in go high level, the text messaging is literally embedded into the CRM and so they still text is just slight it's a little disconnected. make sense? Yep.

Speaker 1  1:25:26
Well, rounding the band, have another about five to six minutes here. Is there anything critical that we should cover yet? As is that we're missing? Nope. I don't think so. I wonder when you have some on your list that's critical to talk about.

Speaker 4  1:25:48
I don't know that was only the lead flow. That was the only thing I had

Unknown Speaker  1:25:56
I don't have anything

Unknown Speaker  1:26:01
on lead flow.

Speaker 1  1:26:05
Matthias, you said that's the one you're going to chase. Right. See what we could do to get that one seemingly a little bit. A little bit increased that one a little bit?

Unknown Speaker  1:26:16
Yep. All right.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:27
Gabe, you still on? You got some?

Unknown Speaker  1:26:34
No, good progress. Well,

Speaker 1  1:26:41
I'm gonna head out here in just a little bit and go see the Mocksville Lila, we'll see how that goes. How much out how it goes to, to propose changing from commission based straight commission based a straight salary was he has that's, that's exciting.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:04
A lot that goes, you may have to do as the Bible says. You're supposed to ask, but that set your face like a flint. So Calvin, you may be all good luck.

Speaker 1  1:27:31
So there's actually going to be I'm not, they're not going to be there's actually an option there. I'm not forcing anybody. So it's going to it's going to go more like oh, there's two options. Either we can go completely salary, or completely commission based. And it's your choice. And we're just not going to have a hybrid. And it can be a choice. Absolutely. If you want to go that direction that can be done. And she would just not she would not be part of this discussion.

Speaker 3  1:28:12
We'll see. Well, I don't think the Flint, the Flint, part of this, I think is is is that there will be new hybrid?

Speaker 1  1:28:20
Because Oh, no, absolutely. That's clear. Yeah, they last night, the sort of that conversation went that way. And that was like the clarity there. Well, I mean, there is you know, one thing clear and that's we're going one way or the other and this by and then this is what it'll look like and if you don't and then it's going to be delivered sheds. We're not going to continue carrying any sort of hybrid in good

Speaker 2  1:29:08
Michael, good. Just that good luck. Not that I don't think you can Oh, you're

Unknown Speaker  1:29:15
wishing good luck.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:18
You'll be six you'll be successful.

Speaker 1  1:29:21
I'll be successful one way or the other. It could be she'll become you know, salary or she may become all completely missing you're saying that you will be successful one way or the other. Both are a success. Good. Okay, all righty. Well, around in the corner here, so unless you got something else, Matthias

Unknown Speaker  1:29:49
alrighty, thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai