Matthias Miller  00:02
We'll have a bunch of dead time at the beginning when I was waiting for you to come on, but

Speaker 1  00:05
sorry about that. Doesn't matter to me. Okay. All right now for the good stuff. So I think we're here to talk about tiny homes, right? Yep. So tell tell me what your main thoughts are. And you're thinking this is a venture you and I can run and we might be able to sell leads to truepoint for the buildings, but then also we may be able to do a lot of other things with those leads. Is that the general premise?

Matthias Miller  00:38
Yeah. Okay. So you remember my conversation with okay. Barbara Hemphill, the clutter? Organizing lady? Yep. Isn't she's in roundtable with me. She wants to talk again about a JV. And her idea was a national brand, clutter, clutter. hurts.com. I don't even know if that's available and how much it would cost. And it's a national brand billboards everywhere. And it's different. It's a conglomeration of, I don't know if its affiliates are exactly what it is. But she, anyway, so that's the clutter side of this thing that is kind of floating around in my brain as well. But tiny homes to me are. Okay, where's my headspace at, even get my head together? Two questions that I have for 2.1 is I asked them about recession proofing. They said, Ah, actually 2008 We actually did pretty well, it just, you know, people come to us when we just they just do more or to rent own and it doesn't really hurt us that badly. Like, okay, that's interesting, affordable housing could become more of an issue in a downturn in a number of years. And and tiny homes are clearly they're not at the beginning of the peak. They're definitely at a fairly mass market type of trend. And I don't know at what point they start tapering off. And I haven't even looked at trends, but certainly is a growing industry from what we see on the sales side. So looking to capture in on that is interesting. And if we if we do this, it's a lead gen that does not directly compete with truepoint backyards, and we can take it national, we can take the lead gen national. Yep. Yeah. Now the question, there's bigger strategic questions like, well, actually, I'm much more interested in taking truepoint National than I am taking, if we can create a collaboration where you and I own parts of we can integrate into the existing Okay, well, there's all kinds of risks and liabilities with that as well, which also ties into your idea of saying, hey, why don't we just go start a shed company? And we could probably do, we could certainly get a friend of mine who would be willing to consult with us on parts of that as well. And rambling, add thoughts on where all these things could go. But if you show up to shed company. Then you say here's a hot lead for somebody who wants to pay 2020 to 30 grand for a shed, you're interested. How much are you willing to pay for it? Well, depends on their ability closed, but that's worth something.

Speaker 1  03:48
It's worth a lot. Yeah. And I think that walking up to sorry, I just had about five years worth of business stuff fresh through my head all it was. So I think if you walk up to a company, and your intro line is I have a lead who wants a shed and they want to pay money. I think that's about the best door opener you could ever have. I've been through 1000 variations of this how I'm an agency, how do I get clients trying to sell Hey, I do Google ads is a really tough sell. Especially if they don't know you look to a million get your foot in the door strategies. There's a whole swath of people who in order to make everything more palatable than they do pay per lead, and even they have a little bit of a hard time getting started and it is always it's very clear that in that pay per lead niche it's always a whole lot better when you have leads actually flowing flowing in their area. And if you can just say hey, I have leads for you. It works way better than Hey, I I know how to build a Lead Gen system. Are you interested? Right? It's like a totally different conversation.

Matthias Miller  05:05
So even better, that go accidentally turn it on for them for a week and then write them a letter. And I'm so sorry. I feel so bad.

Speaker 1  05:13
So so let me let me bring up something else, which actually reminds me I need I needed to bring this guy in this conversation anyway. So when I was first trying to learn Google ads and do something useful in production planet Perry, do you remember Perry had that marketers 24/7. And that is where I got a lot of my first customers come and it worked great. For a while. There was a guy on there, his name was Macedo. So he was around planet period for a while then he left years ago. He is like it from my perspective, he is the real deal. He's not a guru teaching. And he's not a wannabe, he's actually out there working with big businesses and making good good business stuff happened. He actually brought me on to work with a couple of his clients. And this was like, National Diabetes supplement company, and then later on a National Organic dog food company. So this is the size company he works with. And just just a super smart guy, he used to be a trader, and I, you know, I haven't plumbed the depths of this, but he used to tell me that part of what he used to make marketing work was to take his portfolio management skills, like from the financial data analysis into things and apply to marketing, I just think he's a really unique character and, and pretty smart. So anyway, he used to give me random business advice for myself. And we talked about all this once. And he said, like, if, for example, I was going to work with restaurants, or auto mechanics or whatever, right? That that is exactly what he would do. He was started to lead gen. He would just sin, you know, phone calls or whatever to the company, there would be what call rail calls a whisper, which is when they first pick up the phone, it's, you know, leads in from October marketing England, kind of like a little robot voice. And then it switches to Ring Ring, ring customer answers the phone and says, Hey, I'm looking for the whatever, right? And so then a month later, you call them up and say, Hey, have you been getting these phone calls that said they were you know, Legion from? Right, whatever you want to say? And they'd be like, Yeah, and so exactly what you just said, so you'd be like, Okay, well, we're looking for partners. And he didn't say to tell him, we didn't mean to send them to you, right. But basically, like, if you're liking those, and you want more of them, let us know. And of course, you can apply different amounts of pressure, like and if you don't, we'll take it to your competitor up the street and if you need to. But the main point, though, being that if your leads are good, and now mind you, we didn't even get into the whole part where nobody in the whole world knows how to close leads no business in the world, you know, that hasn't tried. That is a real hurdle. But aside from that, if you're sending good leads, they can get addicted to it pretty quick. You know, it may actually close $100,000 or $20,000, when the sale

Matthias Miller  08:15
is closed. Yeah, put them over a million dollars. It's a close a week to get them over a million.

Speaker 1  08:23
And if we're able, you know what Dan Kennedy says? Two things. One, he says whoever can pay the most to acquire customer wins in the long run. And there's also I think it was Dan one day and it was paired with somebody else says, Whoever can take the most risk gets the most rewards. So if these leads that we're kind of giving away for free if they cost us 20 3040 $60 per lead. And we're willing to just lose that as an expense, it'll more than pay, we take the risk, right? Oh, we lost $500 worth of leads What a tragedy is how most people would say that, right? But if we're willing to just go ahead and do that. And for sure, some of these people are going to say no, maybe half of them are three quarters of them will say no, I don't know. But if the grand total of giving away free leads is you know, $1,000 in order to turn around and acquire a 5000 or $10,000. Client, we totally win even more. So if we then get, you know, sales commission on top of that or something. Yeah. So hey, can I can I go on a bunny trail and for a minute. Here's what I was. Here's what I wished for. I wish that the truepoint Playground sandbox, what did you call it before? was a little bit bigger still, I want to we have a great system and yet there is so much work that could be done. Split Testing of all kinds of things trying to Get the site faster, by the way that's talking about that here in a bit. I'm trying to break into other traffic channels, all that. And so I wish that truepoint Would a buy more traffic, especially on Facebook, I feel like there's a lot of testing we could do. Yep, I'll hold

Matthias Miller  10:18
update on that. Yep, we are getting ready. We are negotiating with our brick and mortar dealers to turn them into non commission compensation. So that we can put them in the same pool as the online sales team, which will double, which will increase our sales capacity by 100, or 150%. And if we get these guys fine tuned, we can max out production capacity, if these become top like super elite top performing salespeople, which I don't know that we should expect them to, but if they do, we can max out three point production on those salespeople alone. And if we can do that, as soon as these guys start, start rocking numbers, then I'm ready to go back to the conversation and say, Look, there's a whole bunch of traffic, like, are you ready to add two more salespeople? I love Oh,

Speaker 1  11:08
so what do we need to do for them for us for the system to move that forward?

Matthias Miller  11:15
We are one of the projects recently for me has been I've been working on sales call recordings so that I can look at sales calls. And listen in on sales calls, we have a sales all day sales training, that we're turning into a curriculum that we're going to give access to to everyone. And, I mean, the negotiations are underway. The one of the owners thinks it's probably a 98% chance these guys are gonna go along with this idea. And I mean, I do I could be completely mistaken. But I would be shocked if in March, we're not going to be making a bunch of sales. And I should maybe actually start Why don't know, I might need to run some numbers. I'm not sure if it's too early to start pitching to bring another salesperson on the team or not, but probably actually not give us a couple of months. Get these dealers in here closing like crazy. And we started talking about buying more traffic whether going hot, and let's

Unknown Speaker  12:28
hope sorry. No, no, you go ahead.

Matthias Miller  12:31
There you go. That's all I have.

Speaker 1  12:33
I was gonna say instead of pitching already do do the inception method just drop a few ideas and that that prize for the pitch we can get around to it in a month or so.

Matthias Miller  12:42
That's true. That's actually a really good idea. Just something to keep in mind. guys is that when the market is up, that's when we want to get a new salespeople salesperson on the on the team, get them trained, get them closing, buy more traffic, and we want to capitalize on that momentum as much as we can something to think about. And then like you said,

Speaker 1  13:07
Yep, I love it. Okay, so and then and then what's it gonna take to bring Ohio on board?

Matthias Miller  13:17
Dude, I don't know. I really don't know one of the things it's two things that will need to happen one they they well what needs to happen is they need to start have they need to have some kind of falling out with one of their unlike their their current Online Sales Team sales guy is absolutely crushing it so I don't know if it's geographic or skill but let me see what he closed last week. sales curve his name was I don't need to know his name. I can just do the online so Oh, well, I don't know if he's actually crushing it. He closed 60 He closed 57k The first week but this week ain't looking so good for him. Kyle. Two point closed, the Online team closed. Right? We got two people we closed 73 We had a slow first week closed almost 70k this week. So we're about half performance of him. But we also have scaling capabilities that they don't have in a in a big way. And I think it's a matter of a few months before we really start seeing that payoff. But then Well, yeah, anyway. Okay.

Speaker 1  14:48
So, okay, I love it. So going back not sure what I was trying to say. I want to buy more of the current traffic which gives us several levers to pull but first First of all, just All bandwidth more more leads more sales, right? Second of all, we have more flexibility within the platform, especially within Facebook to just do a lot more testing. We are testing but like every time I talk to Alex about it, he's like, but we have these campaigns, and they're already down to Aghadoe, $40 and ad set. And that's kind of like the minimum, and I get the point. So I just wish I could feed him more budget. Okay, so and then really specifically, I want to I want Ohio and just as a matter of bandwidth capacity, leverage, you know, more for you the whole package deal, in other words, so but then I really would like to be able to say, hey, we're buying all the Google search and Facebook traffic, that's reasonable. The next channel to tackle is YouTube. And it needs to be its whole own other. It's another service, it's another channel, it needs another, it needs another agreement with them, it needs its own cost, they need to fund the video production. But here's the deal. I feel quite convinced. And I'm afraid it there is a potential for YouTube to be really tough nut to crack. If we don't just like happen to hit it right on the first try. Or cracking the nut can be really hard video production for Amish could be really hard. There's a lot of unknowns and a lot of risks. But once we crack it, I'm gonna back this up here in a second with some anecdotal stories. But once we crack

Matthias Miller  16:32
the YouTube formula,

Speaker 1  16:35
YouTube is what I want you and I then take and go all over, because it'll be way easier to do YouTube Legion funnels on a third party, branded, unbranded really website, then it will be to try to duplicate what we're doing with search everywhere else. Because if we do search or Facebook everywhere else, it's not that we can't do a national brand, we could. But I think if the scenario that is working right now on both is we have a business who was posing as a local company selling sheds to you. And I'm not sure that if that suddenly turns into 123 sheds.com, that it's going to have the same effect it could I've got some doubts about it, I just don't think so. I think the locally made thing has a pretty strong appeal. So I'm, I just think it's gonna be easier to use YouTube as a channel to bridge the gap between local and national, then search for Facebook, I could be totally wrong, and it's all a risk, and maybe we should just get started. But that is how I feel about it. And then if we can add Tik Tok and Twitter onto that, I think we would like monopolize all the channels, we would be in front of the same people literally everywhere. And that is kind of the recipe along with a really optimized site funnel email follow up and sales team that I want to have. Admittedly, a true points expense. I know that's terrible in a certain sense. But I want to have that honed. And ultimately, before we try to take it elsewhere. I am not at all saying we can't I'm just saying that it gives us a lot more safety and reliability when we pin those things down for two point first, and you know, okay, a little bit selfish of me to want to point to bear the brunt of that. And yet not really, we are trying to scale to the point. And even if we had no other goals or plans, I would still want to do exactly that for 2.0.

Matthias Miller  18:37
Well keep also in mind, they're the English management company says he says, These guys have just enough money to have enough money to go play around with stuff and and aren't always tight enough to really need to put the pedal to the metal. They have a whole roll forming business that's about it break even now. If the way to scale that probably is more like get two guys in a truck and go go business to business and strike deals. But if we could scale that Rolf warming's quite the business all in of itself. And my point I was trying to get to is that keep in mind that we're not only making them money as an investment, but we are also giving them an opportunities Amish guys an opportunity to live vicariously through business. And I think that's pretty common. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So, anyway,

Speaker 1  19:46
yeah. LinkedIn might be an alternative to the two guys in a truck.

Matthias Miller  19:52
That's big. Yeah, it'd be to be contractors.

Speaker 1  19:56
I have no idea who needs the product. So I can't answer that. Generally speaking, anytime you're selling machines, factories, equipment methods, or software for factories and warehouses and big corpse, LinkedIn is where it's at.

Matthias Miller  20:13
So to summarize, we want to take them to tic tic tac by the way, making a Tic Tac is brilliant for, for tiny homes. So we want to, we want to scale this up before we even consider doing our own shed company. And at the point that we've nailed down marketing, then it's just a matter of production. And that's a very solvable problem as well. Sir. Sidenote, one of my friends, basic idea is you have one shell, and you build all of your dozen different models? Well, maybe it's two, two basic types of buildings, maybe three, I don't know, barely even that, but you build all of your customizations off of basically one core shell, which not enough people do, but it makes everything so much easier. So then,

Speaker 1  21:12
can I clarify this one point. So I did not mean to imply that we can not start a nationwide brand until we have all the things from true point. And in fact, if things go wrong in any sense, like they take, they just don't want to scale they're too happy, they don't grow, they don't want to buy more traffic, they don't want more channels, and that stretches on for months. And at that point, I'm going to say Okay, forget all that, we'll just have to stop waiting on them and launch out on our own and honestly, just looking at the whole world, the way I see right now, I would say if there's not some momentum over the spring, I'm probably going to push for abandoning that let's call a plan A and lashing out on our own by summer because I know I'm launching on our own at the end of the year next winter is not going to be good for me that's going to be good for you want to make some move on it this year. So we could start literally a brand a company a website anytime and maybe we should maybe we should just you know without making a huge deal out of it. Maybe we should just start our own thing on the side come up with a way to fund it figure out how we're going to structure the funnel and what sales team is going to close that and maybe we should just start it on a tiny trickle of an ad budget it's just a suggestion. It's not what I want is Plan A but it will be a totally workable plan B and it would have the benefit of we kind of slowly get assets slowly meaning it's not front burner, get some assets together and funnels and Facebook page and all that in place before we need it so to speak.

Matthias Miller  22:44
Well I'm nervous about the bandwidth that this is going to take up and I'm nervous that

Unknown Speaker  23:03
I agree with that. That's my plan A is not to start yet.

Matthias Miller  23:09
Well, we can always take a look at it in March or April.

Unknown Speaker  23:11
That's fine. Yep. It does.

Unknown Speaker  23:16
Evaluate from there. Yeah,

Speaker 1  23:18
sounds good to me. Yep. Cool. Okay, so then oh, let me just say one note real quick but then reverting to tiny homes.

Matthias Miller  23:33
I'm going to drop for just a few minutes we'll be right back. No problem

Speaker 1  23:45
and I'm back to hey, I have all day to talk but unfortunately I need to get into the car while we're talking and run an errand Are you good with that? Yep, let me see if it give me a moment. Let me just see if I can switch to my phone without

Matthias Miller  24:00
I can also give you a calling number do this if you want to

Unknown Speaker  24:05
zoom on my phone was good. Usually. I might need a meeting ID or something let's see here join a meeting you know it's meeting ID for this video. probably find it

Matthias Miller  24:26
where's that in here? Violating the invite I got here if you want

Unknown Speaker  24:37
I think I got it 7417 Why'd they have to make those so long? It's crazy. soon let me in on that.

Matthias Miller  25:20
Oh, there you go. And I'm gonna switch to my phone as well, which will

Speaker 1  25:41
Okay, and can you hear me? All right. So tiny homes. Now everything that we were saying before about waiting or star gear all that that was that was only speaking of you and I attempting to start a national shed Legion brand tiny homes? Is there any particular reason to wait on that? That's not really contingent on anything else, right? No, I don't think so. Okay, so, um, well, I actually haven't mentioned ideas, but why don't you go first? What do you want to try that you see is not too much, not not too resource intensive and not too time consuming, or risky?

Matthias Miller  26:30
Well, first of all, since you're running this in your phone, I'm calling in by phone, I will make you the host. And I'm going to use this to take a walk outside while we talk. Awesome. Alright, so Well, I mean, let's start first by what are what are the objectives that we're looking to accomplish? We want to or even perhaps the mechanism, whereby we're planning to accomplish that. So what we're looking at doing is buying media, whether it's tick tock or or I suppose, your tick, whatever platform, Facebook, Google, whatever, driving them to some kind of landing page, lead form, building a list and doing something with the list.

Unknown Speaker  27:35
Right. Yeah. I agree. Yes.

Matthias Miller  27:38
Right. So

Speaker 1  27:41
and along with that, I think the other good entry point. Yeah, I think the other good entry point if it can be made to work would be to do Justin Brooks funnel, which is basically try to find people who are searching for info, books or something else on on tiny homes, we could feed them straight into a list that way, I think the, the, the suppose added benefit of Justin's method, if it if it can be made to work is that it's very linear and straightforward. And it's, it's quite a well defined funnel, as opposed to, if we're going to go with kind of a brand and tick tock, or Facebook page or whatever, we immediately have to become content producers, aka entertainers. And I'm not saying that's an unbridgeable gap. But I know for sure that the amount of time required to produce that form of content is going to be way bigger than doing a dusty workstyle search ad funnel.

Matthias Miller  28:40
So it's a Google ad for people looking for information.

Speaker 1  28:44
Yeah, so okay, I thought you knew. So Justin's funnel. And he claims this can can work in any niche is basically you find, you find your niche, and you run search ads, when people search for something like tot books on J dieting. I'm just going to stick with that for a minute topics on dieting, and your ad says something about getting, you know, the best top book reviews or anything like that. They get to your page, you show them your top three recommended books. And then you basically say, hey, because Justin's idea is that the easiest thing to sell somebody is more of what they already wanted. So you didn't say hey, if you also want our complete list, right, or 1010, more top 10 books and so the top three or whatever, just sign in here to unlock the rest of the content. That's how you build your email list. And this is the kind of thing that who knows what it takes to get the funnel actually working. Give me one second. Yes. Go ahead. Yeah. Once you get the funnel working, it should totally be a set and forget kind of situation, as opposed too, if you're on Tik Tok or something, you'll be producing new content every day, or every week, or something like that. All right, I can, I can? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  30:13
Here's a question. Okay, so and this is Google, predominantly,

Speaker 1  30:18
that's Google search with the presumption being that someone who's already searching already wants the thing, the thing they're searching for,

Matthias Miller  30:25
okay. All right, well then the question is so, so process is go find search terms related to this go find what information is required for that what lead magnets we need to put together and then go to the landing page and put it up there.

Speaker 1  30:50
Exactly. And the whole the whole goal is to build a list and then do any form of email marketing and nurture to your list that you want to do. Okay, so here's here's the good news and bad news. So I was so interested in this that I wanted to do it on my own. I already started something like this with Tom Tom Bell and we actually went ahead and did keto dieting for a first test and it's you know, I'm gonna check right now while I'm talking but we started it in late November in between then and now I'm spending like $4 a day and I've only had four subscribers so like there is signs of life in the system it's just not going near and who knows maybe I picked the wrong niche maybe the page we've got isn't good enough I don't know but it's not quite turning out the way I hoped it would let me just see what I've all time What have I got here yeah four subscribers total between early December and now and mind you that's a tiny budget and all that but you know Justin made it sound like you really should be able to get a subscriber for a couple bucks each and then easily sell them way more than that

Speaker 1  32:22
I could totally here's here's an idea if you want I could tell since I literally have a site for this there's some really good things that could be wrong maybe my site is ugly. Maybe nobody likes my domain who knows. But I could go ahead and just to say literally have most of this setup and ready to go on some level. I can run a test on tiny homes in particular and without you having to That was weird. Hey, give me a second some strange things happen on my phone

Speaker 1  33:01
Huh, okay. Yeah, I'm basically trying to say that if it saves you any time or wear and tear I could just go ahead and run a test on this on my own and let you know how it goes without you having to get too involved.

Matthias Miller  33:15
That would be that would be an option

Matthias Miller  33:23
my brain is immediately going to possibilities

Matthias Miller  33:33
for example I would have a personal interest in doing this not for tiny homes. But not talking to Barbara we have to get around this deal somehow or do something but tiny homes is a okay through this a little bit what are things that people search for when they have an organization and a clutter problem? They search for storage sheds. They search for self storage. They don't search for tiny homes they may search for I don't even know what else it is. But you could have a whole the why tiny homes versus no.

Matthias Miller  34:58
Pick other random niche

Speaker 1  35:00
CES? Well, in my dreams, and let me just take one big step back I, in spite of the fact that I look like I know what I'm doing with marketing on some level, I have a feeling that now, I don't actually know anything at all. Hold on one second. Yes. Yes, I do. Can you? Can you deal with that? And can you cut it up real quick? I kind of figured out figure that this is all a big nut to crack, and we don't know what it's gonna take to crack it. I think if we have the luxury of enough time and enough money on ad spend to try a lot of different things. I think eventually we would figure out what it takes to make this happen. But when I say this, I mean run paid media to build a list and sell something to that list. I know for sure that some some niches are going to be better some different funnels are going to be better. We just don't know. Did you happen to see that thread on Perry's forum get I think it was yesterday, where some guy was talking about starting a PPC agency and the lady named Mindy kind of rips into all the agencies. Did you see that? Okay, and it kind of rankled me because she was basically trying to do you know, when my hat is my hat? Okay, help birdie. And I'm single hop in the car. It's cold out here. I didn't know It's cold today. Sorry. It's gonna be one second.

Speaker 1  36:42
Okay, so she was basically giving you the story about how she went through three or four different PPC agencies. Some of them were even from Planet Perry. And they wasted her money. And they all did it in exactly the same way. And basically agencies are horrible, and they don't know what they're doing. And or product didn't sell, so on and so forth. And to me, it was like, I, I struggled really bad for many, because I think her whole viewpoint, she has a point, but it's totally wrong. And I don't want her contaminating periods holist with that, so I spent like an hour trying to decide whether or not I should even replied, I figured I better not step in the middle of it. But on the flip side, if she's a nightmare customer, she would be exactly the kind of person that I would not want to hire. And it all boils down to this. It all boils down to this. Somebody in the equation whether that's the business owner, or the agency owner, or the whoever's running PPC, they either have already worked with this product, this offer and this kind of website and know for sure that it converts or aside from that all bets are off. Because then nobody knows. You don't know if this product converts. You don't know if this offer converts. You don't know if this funnel converts, and to try to blame to try to blame all that on the PPC. The media buyer is crazy. It's understandable. But it's it's not right. Does this make sense? And so and I've seen I've seen this conversation go on repeatedly amongst my colleagues, which are like, you know, clients don't want to be let down. And so maybe we should offer money back guarantee. But we all know that most clients have a funnel that doesn't convert, which means that nine out of 10 customers are going to be refunding them and nobody can live when they're refunding nine out of their 10 customers. Terry's answer is qualify. I'm almost done. Let me wrap it up. There Karis answer is to qualify your clients until you're only working with ones you know, you can succeed so that you never actually have to give the refund. Give me one second, yes. This right here. So Perry's answer is to qualify them to the point where you have no doubt that you can succeed but as best I can tell, in the real world, the only way to achieve that meaning that you know what kind of customer you can succeed for is when you have already actually done it with a specific kind of campaign and a specific funnel and it worked. And you can repeat it because everything else is a new variable. And you're just guessing and I spent several years trying to find like, because at first I just learned Google ads from Perry and Mike Rose. And I spent several years trying to figure out well like Is there somebody who has a training course or a membership or a program? Who can tell me Eat what kind of landing page or funnel works for my kind of clients? And as best I can tell the answer is no, absolutely not. Because if there is somebody who has a proven funnel, they will not share it with you. Right? So, does that make sense? And so that's, that's Mindy's problem. She expects the PPC agency to know what kind of funnel sells per product, and everything that it takes to sell her product. But that's not the PPC agency's job. So, okay, so I say all that to say that I figured in the long, long, long run, if I'm going to continue doing business more or less the way I am, I'm just going to have to work with a lot of different customers with a lot of different sites and funnels until I start finding patterns and what does and doesn't work. I don't know any other way around that problem. And I've always hoped that at some point, I would have, as I already said, the luxury of enough resources to just try a lot of things and see what actually works.

Matthias Miller  41:07
Like note, there was a post in the forum by a Jerry I think Jerry Fisher. Okay. He said, I'm running ads for $4 a day or something like that. And I'm trying to reach roofers on this new product productivity app. I'm launching. And nobody's replying to my emails. I'm not getting a lot of email opt ins. Yeah. roofers, do you like me, like scratching my head? Like, do you even know roofers?

Speaker 1  41:38
They're really tough market, super tough market.

Matthias Miller  41:43
And how many of them want to sit behind their keyboard? And think about a productivity app? Like? And how do I say this politely to him in the forum? Like, uh huh. That's what's going on in my mind. Your baby's ugly, I'm sorry. But anyway, so thought number one in response to that that number two is I think this is where some form of the Richard cash or principle, simplified method. Perry's. You know, all the Rosetta Stone and DSP and those types of things go come in, because

Matthias Miller  42:31
we're approaching it from a purely theoretical standpoint, you don't know. You can make extrapolations and predictions based on what you do. Yeah, so we know sheds work. We know people want to buy them. But we know that, though, at what point is too big of a leap? I think the argument can be made is that we're buying traffic? Probably a good, good. You know, we're now switching there's two variables at play. Number one, it's a different product. Well, somewhat, it is from a shift. And that it might be different terms. Number two, we're offering to give information to people who unless we're targeting the kind of information that people are researching, like, best tiny home builders in Norfolk, Virginia, then we're introducing another variable in the mix.

Unknown Speaker  43:48
That's, that's true. Yep.

Matthias Miller  43:50
Now, and then the police my my mind naturally goes, the whole idea is something that I've been giving a lot of thought to recently, I talked to you about it, but life begets life. And the fastest way to get to something that works is to augment and spin off a natural growth of something that's already working.

Unknown Speaker  44:09
Absolutely.

Matthias Miller  44:12
So for example, truepoint has a set of leads. You can you can have a whole funnel, centered around how you can get a shed for 1000 bucks or less.

Matthias Miller  44:34
I don't know whether it's a kit. I don't know whether it's a DIY guide. I don't know whether it's a I mean, you could literally I don't know what these guys are by but there's an offshoot of things that were disqualifying people that's actually not 1000 It's like three to 4000 but there's a whole Some prospects that we're disqualifying because they can't be this can't pay more than a couple 100 a month or a couple grand.

Unknown Speaker  45:10
And what is the reason for these low ticket ones? Okay. I mean, I like the idea served.

Matthias Miller  45:25
I don't know how I don't know if they can be served. But I'm just saying this is an offshoot was something that is proven already to be working. And the shortest path would be to say. I mean, here's actually, here's another interesting angle on this completely independent method. It's good to to point and say, Hey, can we buy back your junk leads? For? I don't know, X dollars a lead. And they had some kind of buying intent. We don't know exactly what maybe this is also a completely crazy idea. It is probably

Matthias Miller  46:23
is way easier for me this conversation to go all the way back to the drawing board. And we're saying, well, let's question the assumption why. Issue question number one. Why, Kenyans? I think the answer I think we already have? The answer is it's adjacent to an existing market we're in? Or B, what is the least expensive way for us to iterate through a dozen options? And find the one from that that works best?

Speaker 1  47:03
I think the answer to a, I think, is that if we're if if it's our own source of front end, call it cold lead gen, we know that a huge amount of people interested in tiny home are going to want to shed or shed like frame. And in theory, we could turn right around and sell that to Gabe or any other shed builder immediately. Funny enough, that would give us a soft start to a nationwide shed company. Because we would start to get if if if our brand, if our tiny home brand is nationwide, we would start to get shed building CON network of shed builders by virtue of saying hey, we got people who need a tiny home. Right then later on when we lost the shed the nationwide shed, right? It's like, oh, and we also have people who need sheds. And that's part one, part two, of almost on par two is that it's still answering question eight here is that people who want a tiny home are probably going to want a billion other things, they're going to want home decorations and furnishings, they're going to want paint, they're going to want to know what kind of stove to put in their tiny home, some of them are going to want to go off grid, which means they're preppers. Some of them are going to want to are going to want the Airbnb path. I just think there's literally a million things we could sell to a list or tiny home buyers, they are likely to be affluent. I know you keep touching on the affordable housing end of this, which yep, I think there's something to that. But as best I can tell, I have a friend of part of my church here in Waco, that has a tiny home building business. And as best I can tell it is affluent people who buy these things, get an investment and it's a toy.

Matthias Miller  48:53
Even better. Okay, so then the only question is I would the only thing I would.

Matthias Miller  49:04
Okay, so then we start with this method. And what is it all on you to do the heavy lifting is is there help you need for me on the heavy heavy lifting. And I think the other assumption that we have is we don't know for sure that Justin Brooks method of building the list is the best way to build the list. Or like this, you have a Livingston survey type of thing and can we do a Livingston survey type of thing on the on the search one?

Speaker 1  49:40
For sure. Absolutely. We can. And I'm sorry, I'm I'm chewing in your ear, eatin wallet time down the road. So a couple things. I have a general idea. So Tom and I had already selected about four other niches to try with just Tom suffering from all the things He's He's suffering from and I've been busy with the holidays. Have not rolled those out yet. What I want to do is I want to try three or four or five different niches. And if it really fails that bad, go back to Justin, which I never do somebody, this, by the way would go back to just and just say, Look, I'm trying really hard. Just do what you said. And it's not working. Can you please help me That's That's part one. And I think I think my case will be stronger if I've tried several different niches. And related to that David Klein, who is just an Brooks mentor case, you don't know I think we've been over that before. But David is a super big fan of using basically a bot embedded in landing pages or thank you pages in order to survey the market. And the way he looks at it is he wants to use the bots to literally figure out the people who are searching for this keyword and clicking on these ads, what is it that they really want? And I have not plumbed the depths of that very far. But I'm really keenly interested in that. I think it can be very helpful. Yeah, and other than that, I lost my train of thought a little bit. That's two pathways for I'm trying to figure out why this isn't working. I mean, it's possible that Justin is just totally wrong. But I don't think so. Maybe, I just don't think so I know Justin is he's definitely a guru. I definitely have a few holes, I can poke in his whole thing. But including, like he sold training that was, you know, position as a this can work for you. And I know for a fact that it really only works in the politics and financial markets. And he never said that, which is a little disappointing. So there's things I couldn't say like that. But I don't think the way this whole list building thing was done. I don't think that it has that problem can be wrong. I just be really surprised. Let me put it this way. If this turns out to be a bus like Justin somehow knows this doesn't work, or knows that it's only for certain markets and didn't mention that. Then I'm like totally done with furious because I can't think of anything else that has any compelling reason to be more trustworthy. And if this is bad, too, it's all bad. At which point I've left split testing the whole world from the ground up with no tutor and no nothing to follow.

Speaker 1  52:31
Okay, so then back to the Tick Tock idea. It sounds fun, exciting, I just don't have and there's a lot I could learn there's a lot of people I could pull in to help me. I've just never done tic toc yet and I know for sure that on any social media especially with videos involved, there's just a lot of content generation and I'm totally fine like taking that and running with it I would just need probably a lot of time and somebody's gonna have to build those videos and I don't know how that works out or we'll probably end up having to like pay influencers or people to do the bid on camera or something. I don't know. It's not just not sure how that works because I'm not normally playing in the creative

Matthias Miller  53:15
well it's simpler than that. Go find the guys who are building these and say we're gonna get you free exposure submit your video and then we give them some kind of pass through opt in something I don't know that then feeds lead back to them or some or I don't know what we do, maybe it's just exposure like we want to help your it's a shot. But we're going to have tip your name and we're going to try to get your building to go viral on Tiktok video as a matter of having a VA go hunt down these people or somebody and being in to submit videos I don't work

Speaker 1  54:18
yeah, in the back of my mind that Tiktok route feels like it has the potential to be a ton of work, but I could be wrong

Matthias Miller  54:32
it went unstructured. But what when do we figure that out? Like I said, What do you want my involvement to be because you can go run this test on buying we will traffic fine and dandy without me. We want that to be

Speaker 1  54:49
I totally want you in the loop. That's point one. If if I was gonna do this on my own, I'm sure that I'm sure this soon is the most significant bottleneck will be funding for the ad spent, I definitely can fund some, just not like 1000s a month. And I don't know how much we need for any significant rapid testing. I'm kind of thinking, it feels like the lowest hanging fruit is for Tom. And I just go ahead and go try and see if we can do Justin funnel, kind of copy and paste. So we have and modify for just install a funnel. And just see what happens. Once I have some data. We can maybe you and I can just brainstorm together about where to go from there and maybe look at my funnel and say, Oh, this is what's wrong? Or maybe we'll have to scrap it and try something entirely different.

Matthias Miller  55:38
And well how much ad spend are you looking at?

Speaker 1  55:49
So Justin said he was absolutely convinced that you can get by with 150 to $300 a month. So literally a few bucks per day. And that's what I've been doing on my Keto funnel. I think it'd be better if we could do more like 1000 a month just to get more flow more clicks per day and increase the intervals for split testing. But I think yeah, I think it's workable. It's kind of funny because like if it worked $300 A month is totally enough. But in my case for the one test I have running, it's not working. And it'd be really hard to run a split test so that low volume of ad spin

Matthias Miller  56:32
right? Well I'm trying to think how soon would you have things ready to go and ready to spend money

Unknown Speaker  56:44
like a week or two it to

Matthias Miller  56:58
almost wish I would have not run those print ads software stuff

Matthias Miller  57:10
way to detach

Matthias Miller  57:21
one idea.

Matthias Miller  57:34
We

Matthias Miller  57:39
ad spend three to one. So you've got a little skin in the game on the ad spend. But they're also accounting for the fact that you're managing these. And that puts 750 a month on me which we're happy with.

Speaker 1  58:12
Now works for me don'ts don't want you to feel over the barrel at all. Don't don't do more than you want to or are comfortable with or anything like that.

Matthias Miller  58:23
I'm good with that. Like one of the questions is I mean, very practical question. Do you want to be running it on one of your your accounts do you want me to be like when we get a man

Speaker 1  58:44
so we have two options. So right now I'm using a domain that is top 10 Book reviews.com. Because ostensibly, it matches the idea of someone searching for the top books on right topic. And then I'm putting all the different niches on different pages. So we can run with that. Obviously, for functional reasons, that then has to be because of the domain that has to be in the same account that I've already got, which is already set up. It also makes it a little easier to just like copy and deploy when we're doing another page on the same site, so on and so forth. Or, alternatively, it is possible that part of what's wrong is that domain Riley maybe people don't want to get keto advice from a top 10 book reviews company. Maybe they want keto advice from a Keto company. So if that's the case, maybe we should start another ad account and get another domain and site that is more like tiny home. living.com Say it again, advisors. Yeah, there you go. Yeah, anything that that, you know, this is my point when I was rambling on earlier about not knowing what to taste the Convert. It is totally possible that my domain and my sight is the problem. Absolutely could be and I'll never know until I tell But it's just like how many billion things do you want to test,

Matthias Miller  1:00:05
much more inclined to take out some digital real estate around the domain that has something like, I know the top 10 book reviews seems like a good generic, reusable leverageable domain. But in this case, it's an affluent market. You're gonna want to see something that establishes credibility in their mind, about their size, a tiny home company, and it's not just some kind of Pinterest or recipe site equivalent for tiny homes.

Speaker 1  1:00:48
I think you're right. Oh, and that reminds you of another idea. Let me switch gears. Have you ever heard of Harlan, I can't say his last name Kilson Milstein, something like that, see ring a bell. Okay, he's, he's not quite an OG. But almost, he's a copywriter, marketer, he has been around a long time, most people who are in the direct response, Perry, Dan Kennedy Space know him. He started selling this thing a while back. And I don't quite know exactly what he's selling this part of the problem or the point. But he made a case for the fact that he is able to create, I think he calls them super sites, where they are websites that are content driven, that get a ton of organic traffic, and the pitch is like, and he doesn't have to know anything about the niche. And he doesn't have to generate the contents himself. And of course, if I talk to his sales team or pay him, he'll tell me what the secret sauces. He has a couple of pretty fantastic case studies where he actually did this claims that he sees the other two people, other people students to do it, and it's working well. And so if this is real, meaning that he has a system, software method, whatever it is, that can produce sites where content is cranking out, and the SEO works amazing, and you get a lot of free organic traffic. If that's real, that could be a really good ticket to this kind of thing, where we're trying to build a front end, get some traffic, build a list, and then do something with that list. All I need to do to find out more details is schedule a call with his sales team, which I've got all the info for. I just didn't deal with it because the holidays. Maybe I should see that through and literally find out what is the cost? What does it actually take so on and so forth. Because if it's real and just to be clear, Harland again, is one of those people where I can't prove anything, but I don't think he's the kind of person to just constantly pull the wool over people's eyes because I've worked with Planet Perry members who worked with Harlan and vouch that he was doing them and their business a world of good and he's a reliable service provider. And I think he's got enough of a reputation that I don't think he'd be out there. Just totally scamming people about this. And if it can't be made to work, I think it could be an absolute goldmine. And obviously, there's an endless number of niches to test.

Matthias Miller  1:03:29
So, along with that, at the subversion summits, there's the one of the ideas that was presented was build an SEO driven site, where you basically go search for something and then Google gives all the suggestions and all the other questions that are raised with that, then you build SEO around that. And you collect leads off of that. We need yet another mechanism. That was yet another means we basically just optimized for Google's existing search suggestions.

Speaker 1  1:04:05
It makes sense not only well, so many back end to me over there. Did did whoever taught that give any instructions on actually implementing that and making it functional? Yeah, did anybody teach the how on that?

Matthias Miller  1:04:29
I mean, how, how to find the headlines and then go writing content. I don't know how deep I can remember how deep they dove into the content it was in an afternoon when I was suffering from information overload.

Speaker 1  1:04:46
So do you remember which presenter or speaker did that topic?

Matthias Miller  1:04:56
We want to say it was a David something that if you could find him

Speaker 1  1:05:00
I'd be interested in referring to my previous comments about if I had the luxury of all the resources, I have often wished that I can hire like enough people, enough low wage Filipinos or Indians or something to just like tinker with endless amounts of this because I know that in a lot of cases, and I am still referring to what you said about go to Google and find the suggestions and run with it. I think that in a lot of cases, especially if we're talking about social media, SEO, anything like that. What's needed is somebody to just put in the time to be writing articles every day, posting every day, looking at the analytics, seeing what works and what doesn't work. And I'll never have the time to do that kind of thing on my own. It's like, you just need to hire team members to be spinning up sites and getting WordPress installed and stick a theme on there. And, you know, try a million different things.

Matthias Miller  1:06:10
You also remember the Manny, the planet theory guy who used to be the SEO guy, and he's disappeared, not fully, but occasionally,

Speaker 1  1:06:18
I not only, I not only remember him, I paid him $20,000 To teach me his system and went through Balan. But and it was it was actually very much exactly what we're just talking about. And in his case, he actually did have a team of people who are constantly spinning up sides, managing the content and all that I got into a bind where I ran out of bandwidth personally and had no funds to hire anybody. And so I had to basically drop the whole thing, which is a total pain. I did enough lessons with him that I think he really does know what he's talking about in a lot of ways. He had some insights on SEO and how Google crawls sites and all that. Based on what I know about technical things, I think it was 100% Spot on, I think is perfectly accurate. I also know he's the kind of person that he's not a scammer, but he's I put this he probably overcharges quite a bit. And I don't think he has an ability or desire to make sure his students are successful. I think he's more interested in selling the next high ticket package to the next victim. Because he didn't, he didn't really even try to help me or anything for that kind of a price. But it's entirely possible. Again, if I had funds in time, it's entirely possible I could go back to him and say, Hey, remember, I paid you $20,000 Once I need to finish that. So lots of ideas. They all need resources, including time that's the problem. Which is why I was kind of hoping that Justin broach list building again, the way it was presented was that it's almost a slam dunk likely to work in any market unit building a list which is kind of a marketer's, most valued asset and should be doable on a low A few $100 A month budget that that whole package right there is very attractive to me if only it would work. And referring to what what I said earlier about Dan Kennedy saying Whoever takes the most risk wins. Maybe I just need to quit whining and go ahead and hire some people and get this done.

Matthias Miller  1:08:32
Yeah, there's also rule Don't be stupid. True. If we know anything more about your friend's company as a buyer

Unknown Speaker  1:08:58
say it again.

Matthias Miller  1:09:00
Do we know anything about aging buyer with your friends company?

Speaker 1  1:09:04
Um, I don't think you're talking about tiny homes. Yeah. Seems to be middle aged and all the same people who are investing in Airbnbs and all that.

Matthias Miller  1:09:21
I did a stupid thing. So I got a pitch for a sponsorship in a in a golf course. We're Skype. Okay. And I bought it for a year it's like 500 bucks. It's 400 bucks for a year. And if you would, would that not also be an I know this is your Turning off movies is a horrible idea. But isn't that is that a possible parallel path to the same demographic?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:12
Did you say it was golfing? Yeah. Yeah, I agree. It sounds pretty good.

Matthias Miller  1:10:20
Do you have a I mean, we could put I don't really care what it is. We could put we could put a landing page in there if you want to. And

Unknown Speaker  1:10:40
so it's an A and a physical paper magazine for golfers I love it. I just wonder I can never get away from the idea that a website is the hub of all things marketing and advertising should we

Speaker 1  1:11:01
you or me either one doesn't matter to me so we go ahead and get a domain tiny home something.com And then we should just hire somebody to build a filler website whatever filler content make it look like it's Oh by it just to be clear, referring back to that thing about Harland he makes these super sites as he called calls them they just kind of look like news, right? Like the Huffington Post or something. You can see all that works really well with SEO, but I suppose we could probably find hopefully for just a couple $100 I could get somebody to make a bunch of content on a theme that looks like an info site on tiny homes

Speaker 1  1:11:58
I don't but I've been thinking about this for so long. It's probably time for me just crack the nut I need to hire a content writer or somebody who can use chat and GPT and edit it or it just seems like it shouldn't when we're literally trying to make filler content it doesn't seem like it should be terribly hard

Matthias Miller  1:12:21
I mean, getting blog posts and I did this course only nine hours or I'm getting this course on sale blurb via chat GPT and related tools and there's no reason why I forget where I saw this somebody mentioned some kind of online paraphrasing tool set that they run it through to beat Google which I don't even know if it's correct or true

Matthias Miller  1:12:54
surely there's a way to spoof it somehow like translate it into Spanish back into English and go find the human to make this sound good

Unknown Speaker  1:13:09
Yeah, I agree. Yep.

Matthias Miller  1:13:14
And if we do that it's not hard to crank out some got some AI content

Matthias Miller  1:13:27
and what are the top problems you know people looking to buy tiny homes with a demographically the whole purpose of a marketing plan like Justin good talked about his Facebook page

Unknown Speaker  1:13:48
yeah

Matthias Miller  1:13:52
I got about 30 minutes here and there in you some ideas and she seems definitely you I'm sure you've got a WordPress or regular WordPress server that so where do you where do you host your your landing pages and blogs and news sites and stuff. Um,

Speaker 1  1:14:12
I have a VPS and let's see panel. I just set a new counselor. So I normally do

Matthias Miller  1:14:27
three and VPs get updates and easy to deploy

Unknown Speaker  1:14:40
sounds good either way.

Matthias Miller  1:14:43
Let me I'm gonna play around with a little bit. Great, and then choose your messages and stuff.

Speaker 1  1:14:52
And it sounds good. Yep. I think we should. All right. Yep. Thanks. Bye for now.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai