Unknown Speaker  01:47
Good morning. Good morning, Michael. Hey, Michael, how's it going? Good. Michael, I had some feedback for you from yesterday, I had a question about

Speaker 1  02:12
helping a client when they were looking at, you know, maybe the rhino shed company versus true point. And I presented them. Just, hey, that the way you phrased it was really great. Like, just to make sure we're looking at apples to apples. This is what our building has. And I'm not sure if rhinos building wood or whatnot. Then they were like, geez, you don't know until you ask. And thank you so much. I had no idea to even ask those types of questions about what we were focusing on yesterday morning. Michael suggested the structure of the building. So it was really cool. I kept them on the line. The conversation still going. They were actually like, really thankful. Thanks.

Unknown Speaker  03:00
That's really interesting.

Speaker 1  03:02
Yeah, they were, I mean, I tried to freeze it. I could send you screenshots. It was through text. So you know, voice inflection wasn't always there. But I tried to phrase it to them in a friendly way. Like we got your back. That's awesome.

Speaker 2  03:18
I think we can learn from that. I think that's that's a good point. We can learn from that, that there's probably not a huge percentage of customers that are you know, super knowledgeable about because construction or else they probably wouldn't be shopping for shares, they probably be building it themselves. So what a lot of companies do this is a little strategy a lot of companies do use I've found over the years watching this is they will quote and post both as in quote people, like their cheapest line model, etc. Yeah, and just not call out. You know, the specifics, really not talk about it much. It's just man, we got to temper 16 here and look at the prices, you know, Wow, that's good price, it is what you want. And they just keep it bare minimum and don't talk too much and try to make a sale. And then when things start getting, you know, talking and things like we just talked about in like two to six floor joists versus two before a lot of them don't even make a discussion out of the customer gets their shed. It's got two befores under it. It's a it's a you know, pretty weak floor but they never knew anything different and it's just Oh, I got you know, the normal shed floor like everybody does, not knowing anything different. So I think we can learn from this. This may be some interesting points because we do get pushback when costs to start asking the right questions and do it in a way In a way where they start, you know, get their mind thinking and they think for themselves and start them asking the question. Exactly.

Speaker 1  05:09
Yeah, for sure. I know that was a, something I'm going to tuck away. It's a good experience for that type of customer concern, you know, try to find out just like Tori and I had been, you know, composing template emails, which ones are people answering? Which ones? Are they not? Like? If we can, I feel like I'm also testing when a customer has a concern, what works as a counter to that concern? And so that, Michael, your suggestion, certainly, we're very well. I'm doing I'm taking notes, like, you know, because I do try different things to different people just even depending on the cadence of person and what their knowledge level seems to be. So get a little nerdy there. But I think it's helpful overall for growing. Good,

Speaker 2  06:02
excited. I had one question this morning on a building that the logistics department was talking about? And I said, You know what, let me let me just get some feedback on that. See where we're at. It was a building that was that was sold, understand, uh, well back to an EN, or an iron Sparkman in x 10. Virginia, Does that ring a bell?

Speaker 3  06:28
Yes, that is one of my customers. So he's like, completely, completely. I've called him several times. I've emailed him several times and haven't gotten a reply from him. I even sent him a card. You know, thanking him for purchasing with us. And you know, the logistics team is trying to get in contact with them and that type of thing and haven't heard back from him. So I know. Oh, go ahead.

Speaker 2  06:56
Is he a cash customer? Rent to own customer? Did he have any sort of commitments that are going on or not at all? Or? going on on that?

Unknown Speaker  07:05
He was a zero down ringtone?

Speaker 2  07:11
And is there any story behind that? That's interesting that we should know about it? Or, or not? Really.

Unknown Speaker  07:19
Um, I guess the only thing I can say is conversation with him on the phone, everything was through email. Let me get back to my thread.

Speaker 3  07:29
So there wasn't a couple of times during the process where I tried to call them just to get him on the phone. And he never answered the phone. I just wanted to communicate through email. And

Speaker 2  07:51
obviously, the building boost and ready for delivery. And, and then obviously, logistics couldn't get through with them either. And we were just trying to figure out should we? Should we hold on or who pay for just a little bit longer? And see if he comes through? Or do we think that you know, we're not going to be able to get in touch, we should go a different route. And I wanted to just get your feedback on that just a little bit from what you feel about it in your connecting with them from getting in, you know, more recently how he's not been picking up? What are the chances that we will get in touch with him and

Speaker 3  08:34
it may be pretty last time he responded, it was Thanksgiving saying like hope you have a great Thanksgiving, and all that. And since then, it's about three or four emails. So why don't one but it doesn't.

Speaker 2  09:04
If you've tried, you've tried to text him, email him and call him and none of them he's responding to the

Unknown Speaker  09:15
right. I have not texted him. I haven't I texted him, but he didn't give us right. He did not

Unknown Speaker  09:23
given us permission to do that. Is that right?

Speaker 3  09:26
I don't even think we had that option when we were communicating as far as text.

Speaker 2  09:35
Well, this is January the 12th. But if we gave it one week, maybe try it for another week, just randomly at different times throughout the day maybe in different methods and a week from now Maybe we just still haven't connected with them maybe we move on

Unknown Speaker  10:05
okay I think I think that will be good maybe give it another week but he hasn't been responsive

Speaker 2  10:19
yes I will give logistics a little direction on that one

Speaker 1  10:32
this might sound a little weird but did he get the impression that was price a bit concern on the purchase of the building that you recall Tory going with a rent to own process?

Unknown Speaker  10:44
Can you repeat that Marissa I didn't hear the first part sorry

Speaker 1  10:47
was was cost an issue for him on the rent on the building getting it sold

Speaker 3  11:00
Give me one second, let me let me review this for a second here.

Speaker 1  11:04
My only thought that popped in my mind is you know, if a customer has fallen off the face of the earth and they're not answering their phone or email, I'm wondering if they have a lack of access to those two things like if they only had you know, a 30 day cell phone type of arrangement or they don't have internet at home anymore and so they're not accessing those but you know, they still they still exist as a person and so I'm wondering if they're, you know, if we should send out something on letterhead that requests them to call us if they've made other arrangements for their technology as kind of a last resort if we get to that place where we're about to pull the plug I would consider putting together something on truepoint letterhead throwing it in the mail and saying hey, we've been trying to get in touch with you and you please give us a call this number send it directly to the logistics team you know in case they're without a phone or they only have a phone at work that they use now or you know what to think can happen when people had tough times just the fact

Speaker 3  12:13
Yeah, just revisiting this it looks like he wanted to put down in a pot a deposit before delivery and we were gonna do this 60 month plan which is you know, he didn't want a lower price on it but I don't know

Speaker 2  12:33
did you say you did or did not send something out like in the mail like a car to him?

Unknown Speaker  12:40
Yes, I did send a car to him I did it's in a cartoon

Speaker 2  12:44
like a whatever little or little two point are

Speaker 3  12:48
Yeah, yeah, it was the cars that Marissa order pretty much like thanking him for purchasing with the some logistics will be in contact with him. So he definitely should have received that. So I do I do think he probably went dark.

Speaker 2  13:06
So on Morris's point there would there be value in sending another one to the address just confirming that there wasn't some issue with his phone or email that may have changed you may have not have thought about it and it's just waiting on us back and reach out to him. I definitely was just reading another one saying hey, we can you know, there the link will be the message being we can't be get in touch with you. And for whatever reason, if you can call us as a last ditch resource, or resort again, trying that one more time if we did that, maybe we would give it for the rest of January for him to respond for the car to get out there for him to respond and just make sure

Speaker 3  14:02
Yeah, yeah, I think it's worth a shot and I'll put on there you know, if you don't apply by the end of January, we're gonna go ahead and you know, move on and sell your building or something else lines you're

Matthias Miller  14:14
probably good idea. Yeah, I'll do that. Well, very deadline. Yeah. Good idea on that. Interesting, too. We want to do this but it'd be interesting to select an alternative asset name and number or $0 down. Who is who is somebody else? Huh. Somebody else that you can do that. You know, it's kind of along the lines of an emergency contact but that's not really the right term in this case because Yes. Yeah, which just keeps happening. Yeah. Right.

Unknown Speaker  15:08
I've got a really crazy idea.

Unknown Speaker  15:11
Was that Michael? It's

Speaker 2  15:14
Matt is this is really crazy. But what if you were to send him an email and tell him as a token of thanks to him as being a tripling customer. This is not thought through. But it this would be in an effort to get him to respond to our, to the email, we send out email that says something to the effect that he is eligible for, because he's a committed tripling customer, or a $25 gift card. And if he could please respond, like confirming which address to send it to and, and try to get that vacation to see if we can get him to tell them back up. And in the response it that getting the response cost is $25. And if it sees a sale, I think it's definitely worth $25 To save sale? If he doesn't, we're not going to send it to him because he doesn't confirm where to send it to. If he does, just let me know. And I'll send that out in the next day to that address that he talks about. And maybe we can say the sale through it.

Unknown Speaker  16:41
Okay. When you find dollars to where

Speaker 2  16:47
I got it, I got it $25 Walmart gift card here in my office that I could send them

Unknown Speaker  16:54
all in to try anything.

Matthias Miller  16:59
This is also a nice, fairly, fairly extreme approach. But conceivably, something really terrible could have happened to them. We don't know. And you could actually, and again, I don't know whether this is a good idea, but you could actually have sheriff or we're law enforcement go check up on him just to make sure that he's okay. Now the next actually, you know, it's a pretty odd chance to just something really terrible did happen, but it is possible. And you know, the other potential downside may be that he's okay. And he's he's trying to hide from us and doesn't want to get the building and feels like we're sending the dogs after him to go find him. So that's really particularly like the idea of

Unknown Speaker  17:53
SharePoint sent us here to check going

Matthias Miller  18:00
even if there would be is logistics ever out in that area? Is there a delivery driver that can just physically swing by and see? See, appease? Looks like somebody's home.

Unknown Speaker  18:13
Oh, we're getting Snoopy

Unknown Speaker  18:18
like this? Oh, it's just yeah,

Speaker 2  18:22
I don't know where Yeah, I mean, specifically accent I'm not sure I have to pull up a map and see, but I think it is probably north. But I don't know. That's a good question. Pulling up a map and seeing where it's at. could definitely be pursued as well.

Speaker 1  18:49
Yes, welfare check, right. Sounds like you have a nice triage of roaches like the card first, followed by the gift card email, see if you can get a response from him virtually. And then if that falls flat, I definitely think it's in someone's best interest as a concerned neighbor to do some type of courtesy check either by our logistics team, you know, if it looks odd, or there's, you know, something strange about the property that they see and then escalating that to a welfare check with like the sheriff in that county. I can't happen. I mean, I've got a guy that bought a building, it's going in for heart surgery next week. So you know, there there's always a potential that someone can have a catastrophic event in their life that you know, we're trying to reach out to them maybe he's in the hospital longer than anticipated or you know, something along those lines. So it sounds like a good path forward without just cutting off the sale and saying we're not going to finish it.

Speaker 2  19:53
Every time something happens like you know that is a little bit out of ordinary we can either look at it like you know home and something bad happened or Oh, wow, this is a real life opportunity. Let's learn from this. Yeah. So I think maybe we could look at it that way for this one, let's take a couple of weeks. And if we can figure this out, maybe we can replicate this as this, you know, comes when the next time comes up. Oh, well, let's do the three steps that really work last time. And Beatle process

Unknown Speaker  20:29
I agree with that. Good to me.

Unknown Speaker  20:48
I will say

Speaker 1  20:49
team just kind of as a check in Tori, and I had a little powwow yesterday, Tori, I hope it's okay, if I share this, we both have a lot of follow up to do. We have been doing very well, it getting people on the phone, we've been getting a lot of conversations, you've seen it in the sales, we're starting to churn forward with some hot leads. And in doing so we also have a lot of warm leads, and then a lot of very cold leads that just need administrative work done to them. So from a business perspective, just kind of as a check in. We've got some pretty full lists, I think on both sides. And that's our goal, you know, heading towards as we hit the slope towards the end of the week is to just hammer hammer hammer to catch up. Because what it seems is that every Monday morning, Eric alluded to this to his training, I felt so reassured. Just that Monday morning, first of what came in over the weekend can kind of set your schedule off. So it's certainly a good point for myself. And when do I pinned things do? Well don't pin them till Monday, Marissa because you have other stuff coming in on Monday, and then you won't be behind on Monday. Right? So just the learning curve that I think now that we're really picking up some steam, I'm starting to see these patterns emerge. Torre, feel free to speak to that that's just kind of where I'm at today is just like call call call call call. And then you get someone and it sucks away, like an hour and a half of the day between going back and forth on the quote and just the Juggle match. So just wanted to kind of touch base. Because I know that's important for you guys as far as knowing what's happening with those leads in that volume of energy.

Matthias Miller  22:37
Two questions that have been on that, number one, are there additional automations that can be put in place to to take to lower some of the administrative burdens. For example, one of the things that could now become easier now that we've got a sales message call recordings is pushing sales message text messages into communication records. In in assist, or there may be other things. So that's question number one that I'm interested in. And number two, this is may or may actually not be as far out as we think. But would it be possible to utilize an appointment setter? And I don't know if that model would actually work in this case. But utilize an appointment setter for these types of conversations where you get somebody else pre qualifying the leads and as soon as they get somebody on the phone. So the question is whether people are ready to detox immediately when they're on the phone and if or whether we can set appointments based on your yields respective availability, and have appointment stuck.

Speaker 1  23:52
So I'm going to ask a clarifying question because you have two different avenues there. The first automation is the text messages are now they're importing into

Matthias Miller  24:02
this list I'm asking No, the big question is what automation would lower your administrative burden number one? And then the sub point of that is would it be helpful to have text messages import into communication records and assists? Yes,

Speaker 1  24:17
you're present because the time to compose them. sales message has templates for text messages, which I've been using heavily so the welcome the greeting the closure the here's your building for such and such as size, it's all very fast, which is lovely. And then touring, I created something similar for email. So we're moving quickly. We're not doing a lot of manual typing anymore, which is great. But yeah, I mean, that's certainly a time consuming element, copying it, pasting it back into the communication thread.

Matthias Miller  24:49
So is it fine if that's like a debut? I mean, I'm gonna assume that's fine. That's about a day behind. Like we we grouped them all in a single communication record or we split them up by Oh, some reasonable conversation timeframe.

Speaker 1  25:05
Yes, I think a day would be fine. Because what I've been doing with a text, if a class, if a customer has texting is their preference, I will text them and then pin them out for one day so that I'm texting them the next day. So if it's like, bills overnight, and then I can see what I've sent the day before that will help me have a little more educated conversation. Doesn't have to be detailed Mathias necessarily to get doesn't have to be all the lingo because as soon as I open that text, thread, the lingo is there. So I can kind of catch up on what was already said, that's fine. If you guys prefer there to be the full context of the thread, by all means, that's great.

Matthias Miller  25:47
Everything probably is great. You can run AI to summarize it for you, but I don't think that's necessary.

Speaker 1  25:55
No, not at all. And then your other question, as far as scheduling goes, um, personally, I really like when I get someone to answer, it takes some finesse to keep them on the phone, not just hey, can I set an appointment for future time? So I'm not sure I'm ready to go there yet. I think we might in the future as we're scaling, but I don't feel like I'm quite ready for that. Because Tori and I are still getting, we are still testing a lot of these ways of getting folks to respond. And it's really nice to be that you're on the phone to hear and get that feedback firsthand. We also tried calendar early, nobody was clicking on that to set an appointment, it was very much ignored. So I think they might take it better if someone calls them and sets an appointment. But I don't know if I'm ready to go there yet.

Matthias Miller  26:52
So there's a next question.

Unknown Speaker  26:55
Do you want to either

Speaker 3  26:58
schedule an automatic scheduling, like whenever we get them on the phone? There's something that will automatically scheduled the next time we need to call them? Is that what you mean by that?

Matthias Miller  27:07
No, I mean, you would have somebody who would, who would intentionally their only job is to get them on the phone, keep them on the front line and ask them for their availability. Find a time slot on your calendar that that you're available during that time and creat create an appointment for them to have a follow up conversation with you. I think that's that's what I'm talking about. But there's a lot of low hanging fruit before them.

Speaker 3  27:35
Yeah, I don't I don't see that work in just

Unknown Speaker  27:40
four years. It's not happening.

Speaker 3  27:44
Well, I agree. Like the calendar, the calendar really thing was a struggle like nobody scheduled an appointment. So I think people just pick up whenever they're available. I don't think that's good.

Matthias Miller  27:57
So then the next question is Where what are other substantial drains on the administrative side of things that are second time for you guys?

Speaker 3  28:06
I would say like, it would be great if the quote can just go out automatically. Without us. You know, the template is just automated, like when they fill out the type form. Somehow that's configured and it just go out to them. I think that would be the most the thing that saved us the most time. But if we can't do is there a way that the email thread could copy to that communication record? Might be a shirt?

Speaker 1  28:38
Maybe do the email through Active Campaign? Because we have the ability to email through Active Campaign, we had talked about that way back Matthias as far as trying to, like if I was passing baton between a salesperson, me to Tory Tory to me are you know another person trying to book in schedule? How would they see the email that I had sent them previously, if unless they put it in Active Campaign?

Matthias Miller  29:03
We actually have some mechanisms in place for email syncing. You haven't enabled it in this case, there would just be a read only sync. But we could. So basically what would happen is we connect your email into a cyst. The downside is all your email would get imported. The upside is that we can restrict that so that only admins, administrators get access to your email so you don't have to worry about people getting your email. And then we'd have imports that run automatically create communication records for all communications with a with a with an argument with an opportunity. So all that to say we could definitely He just automatically pull any emails that you have back and forth in as application records to do that, and like you said, the alternative would be doing all your emailing for accuracy of pain. But as every call, there's some limitations with attachments, perhaps there is.

Speaker 1  30:15
And that was, I think what kind of put pause to it for now, we will probably want to revisit it in the future, if especially if we bring on any type of support that would do those pre scheduling type of calls, or pre scheduling type of emails, because we want to be able to see them globally. But not quite yet. With pictures, it was like a cease amount for both Matthias And I think we start with the text messaging, see how that flows, you know, is that daily sync? Is it, you know, a good pace. And then if we need to dive into the email after that, I'm 100% for it. So long as you know, there's other emails coming into our inbox like via email, you email, Michael, there's other non just customer communications, I don't know where all those go. And I don't want to add to I'm sure it's going to be filtering by you know, who you sent to the email record that's in assist, it's going to match it, they just want to make sure that it's a good choice to turn that on. Good, speedy, speedy fix. When I'm on the page for Two dues of the columns that are presented, can the phone number be presented in one of those columns? That will be way faster, all I have to do is copy paste and start calling. I can call through a list of people without having to click into each individual record and then you know, go back and then do some batch, especially if you're hitting voicemails, right you're hitting voicemail boys no voicemail voicemail, and then you can go back and notate Hey, I had to leave voicemails for these five people. The sixth person picked up to put my time and energy into the sixth person.

Matthias Miller  32:01
Absolutely. Which Where do you where do you want to? Either name I

Speaker 1  32:06
think that'd be great. Yeah, after learning would be good that'd be awesome. No, it's just a very quick movement forward. Jory Do you want any other data like Do you want an email column for email address? Some of them don't have phone numbers can we do phone has a column and emails a column

Matthias Miller  32:31
could show their email if they don't have a phone

Speaker 1  32:36
be awesome see us just a couple extra clicks a couple extra Internet pages loading the wait time

Unknown Speaker  33:01
one woman here

Unknown Speaker  33:15
sometimes as far as calling

Matthias Miller  33:23
take a look at that yeah, that's sweet. I'm very there are some places where that name is included with the phone number. I will also

Speaker 1  33:48
that's probably on the client. I've seen that at times where people just type their name in that field and that is a clue to me that they don't want a phone call.

Speaker 4  34:01
Sometimes they have their name and their email. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  34:07
And that's going to be so helpful. I like this a lot

Speaker 4  34:16
you didn't get some of those. Yeah, that cleans up at least some of them.

Speaker 1  34:23
You we I had asked you to add the column that's called contact via and I haven't found myself using that one Matthias like I thought I would. It doesn't trigger or maybe I don't know how to set it correctly to pick one or the other. Everybody on my list just kind of shows both like phone and email.

Matthias Miller  34:49
We're gonna change is gonna place somewhere where we have the preferred method of contact

Speaker 1  35:01
We do in the questionnaire they complete, you know, one of those options.

Matthias Miller  35:07
We don't have that. Other we had a report that shows that for you. To me, that

Speaker 1  35:19
is not one I've seen before. I mean, I usually read it lead form submission.

Matthias Miller  35:25
Would you want that to pull from there? As opposed

Speaker 1  35:30
to that contact via column you'd be replacing it with?

Matthias Miller  35:36
Yes, with the information from their lead form.

Speaker 1  35:40
Yes, that would also expedite the choice of calling versus drilling in and going back to email.

Matthias Miller  36:00
I can do that. I think that's, that's way more helpful than what we've got here. And what we have here is fairly helpful.

Speaker 1  36:09
Yeah, this is great Matthias deep, because I have sales message, the app versions on my laptop, all of those phone numbers are populating with a one click button to call them is so great. So so great. Yes, that'll be much faster.

Unknown Speaker  36:29
So you make the calls from your lats. You click through,

Speaker 1  36:33
I just have my bluetooth for my headphones tied to it for talking and then I just, it's too small for me on my story My eyes are not able to do

Speaker 3  36:47
that sounds way more efficient to just click their name because I go to my app on my phone and I type in their name. And

Speaker 1  36:54
there are times I do that if I just I don't know I've been trying to find the fastest method I guess for for sure. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  37:04
I might need to go get a Bluetooth headset.

Speaker 1  37:08
It's been working it was my mom's Christmas present for me this year. So thank you, Mom.

Speaker 3  37:13
Oh, nice. Very, very thought through on her part.

Speaker 1  37:17
It is very sweet. Okay, sweet. That just keeps me clicking faster for me Tori. I think either way is fine. Now whether it's the phone or the

Unknown Speaker  37:29
computer, do you ever encounter the

Unknown Speaker  37:33
sales message at times and

Speaker 1  37:37
I experimented with what you and I messaged about where I'll just go back and reinstall the app on my phone and that helped that one time where we were hitting like a lot of dropped calls that one day. Yeah, that helped a lot not so much on the computer when I dial on the computer I think it's more my connectivity because I've been in our house I've been having some issues with our internet just spotting out different parts of the day so I'll usually kind of go through the usual checking the connectivity and then trying again

Speaker 3  38:12
I noticed that most of the calls that none go through on a sales message does go through on three CX so there was one day where I was making a couple days I was making calls on three CX as well because I was on three CX but not sales

Matthias Miller  38:29
so what happens when you're trying to make the outbound calling sales message

Speaker 3  38:32
though it'll just like I won't hear anything. So like I'll clicked it I'll click the phone button and then it won't do anything and it'll go back to their name like it won't even ring or anything

Unknown Speaker  38:45
like an immediate hang up. I've had that experience as

Unknown Speaker  38:48
well. It's like a deadline good Yeah,

Speaker 1  38:53
it's fine. I wouldn't be too troubled by the volume of when we experienced that it's certainly not every phone call have a free tutorial that's me it's not every

Unknown Speaker  39:05
but it's funny for sure.

Matthias Miller  39:08
Well, it's a it's good to know not to turn your three CX is off. I want to check with you anyway, but that's good enough.

Speaker 1  39:15
Yeah. So we tried reinstalling the app that helped the one day

Matthias Miller  39:27
sales message on your phone have an option to use your carrier network.

Speaker 1  39:30
Yes, you can do either call through the app or call through your phone

Matthias Miller  39:40
I wonder if that would be options. Same settings. Yeah, I don't know. Okay. Get your highest quality through Wi Fi using the carrier network

Matthias Miller  40:09
which when I click interesting, I don't know that I've got much to add to that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  40:22
Okay, so if I hit any of those today, I'll certainly jot down the number and we can maybe do a prototype and see like, why is it responding this way? Because like Tori said, you can make one call to a guest and it'll go through fine. And then the next one, it'll be a deadline. So I'm like, Is it their phone numbers or something on the receiving end? And their cell service is like, completely dead? Like, maybe it's not the method that we chose? Trying to eliminate some of the variables right?

Unknown Speaker  40:51
Yeah. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  40:55
Man, productive morning. Thank you for setting up those speedy columns to help us because they're great.

Matthias Miller  41:02
absolutely worth it. Yeah.

Speaker 1  41:10
Michael, anything else? We need to be in the loop on today? Oh, he dropped off. He's gonna be dropped up. Yeah, she wants to do this, right.

Unknown Speaker  41:25
Hey, anything else? Think that's awesome.

Unknown Speaker  41:32
All right. Thanks, guys. Thanks Tori.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai