Unknown Speaker  07:41
I think it's going. Hey how are. You Good, how are you, I'm doing well. Sorry for running a few minutes late here today. I had an in person meeting that ran a little bit like you know, and now we're getting it down to a month or less. how are you, I'm doing well. Sorry for running a few minutes late here today. I had an in person meeting that ran a little bit like understand. I get it. How was your day going pretty good. Well besides. a visit to the dentist, ist. I think it's going quite, quite good. A dentist, yes, my one of my least favorite things, yeah, yeah. No root canals, no filling extraction, actually. So look at you still getting work done. Hey, hi, my wife was texting me. She's like, you're going to be sore if you're talking, if you're on calls all day. I'm like, yeah, yeah. And some wise person, namely her, told me recently, I'm a glutton for punishment. So I mean, aren't we all though, working man, I like to want my self in that category, so extraction is not going to keep us back exactly. Well, what you what you got on your mind today? Yeah, yeah. Just wanted to, just wanted to connect a little bit. I know that on the on the last call. Man, I should know his name was Chad. Is that the guy on your team? That's not right. Carl, how's that? Carl, Carl, yeah. Carl, had mentioned some opportunity, potential opportunity for collaboration, and so that was, that was mostly what was on my mind. Heather was quite impressed with with you and with what you guys do, and so haven't had a chance to to check in with her to see how implementation stuff is going from her perspective. But yeah, yeah, I believe she is mostly complete. We are. We have some awesome things coming on, our onboarding, just some development that we've done that's going to really speed things up. She you know, hers took a little longer than they will in the future, but like, you know, used to, they were two months, On here soon. We'll have it in a day or two. So

Matthias Miller  07:41
Hi, how Are you good? How are you I'm

Speaker 1  07:44
doing? Well, sorry for running a few minutes late here today, I had an in person meeting that ran a little bit like,

Matthias Miller  10:02
that's awesome. Man, yeah, we're excited about it. Yep, yeah. So I think, I think really kind of where I'm at the the core things that I've been offering in the shed industry has been basically 360 degree business consulting and and so that's that's core offer number one in a lot of different types of tech consulting. I think the the part that makes me look like a potential competitor is the fact that I did help, I co architected an end ERP for a shed manufacturer. I'm not wanting to first of all, I like the client relationship with that. So there's a, certainly, there's, there'd be, there'd be some financial commitment to to replacing that if I decided, hey, I want to go do that, down that road. Also not particularly interested, for a variety of reasons, in doing that. So, but then I've been, I have been working doing some GHL, custom DHL integrations. GHL go high level implementation as well. And I know you guys, Shange does exactly the same thing,

Speaker 1  11:12
yeah. And we, we've got, like, the my shed GHL integrations, where everything goes, you know, directly in there. And we, we just finished the Google Merchant Center integration, we've got our QuickBooks integration. We've got several integrations that we've completed over the past few months.

Matthias Miller  11:29
Yep, makes sense. So there might be some, some more bespoke or one off types of things that might be if, if it's beyond the scope of what you guys want to bite off, or if there's a way that any of the consultant, consulting side of things can be a value to your clients, absolutely, very open to very open to explore what, what it could look like, obviously it's going to be a benefit in both directions, and very open to explore.

Speaker 1  11:55
Absolutely, yeah, we, you know, we're really excited about what we're doing. To be honest, we are doing some amazing things, and I don't say those words without very thoughtful understanding of what we're doing in relation to our industry. Nobody is doing the things that we're doing, and we're very excited about what is coming and with that, so I absolutely am, you know, consulting is a space that me, personally, you know, I've thought about doing some. We've been pretty successful with blacks, and we're, we're seeing some real growth now, like in these periods of times where a lot of other companies are still reeling from selling forward through the pandemic, and now having to, you know, deal with the lack of sales due to making those sales early. So you know, for us to see the growth numbers that we're seeing. It's, it feels good. But with that, I would absolutely be open to conversations about because I don't, I don't even, I can't pretend to even know that space. So like, you know, maybe we build, at some point, a team of people, I feel like we have the potential to take a tremendous amount of market share very quickly, and with that, you know, we'll build up a trust within our industry, and with that, trust gives us opportunity to do things like consulting, because that's where that comes In. When you when you tell somebody, it's $500 $1,000 an hour, and I will come out, you know, I'll spend a day, and maybe it's $5,000 plus my flight and expenses for me to come out for a day. And look at your company, and I'll have my people, you know, look at some of your numbers, and I'll give you some feedback on it. But you know, these, these extreme wages that consulting can command, I think you know, are, are definitely a call out to trust, and that's what we're really working to build. We're working we're working to build software, but early on it, you know, when we launched our product, initially, we didn't have great teams to to really get it off the ground. So we we, we constantly had customers, you know, asking for things. And we wanted to be yes people. It's like, Sure, we'll do that, we'll do this, we'll do that. And then our workload became so tremendous, it was just something we could not manage. So now we very custom stuff, and when we do custom stuff, it's typically for a cost, and it's well outlined, you know, ahead of time, but those are just things that you have to learn. Okay, but I lost some trust early on in our industry, and I'm I'm working really hard to gain that back, and we'll see where it goes with that. Yeah, that makes sense, yeah. So do you have experience like with Heather? Let me just ask this. Are you doing consulting for her then with Okay, so with that, so you actually come in and you don't, I guess you, you look at their whole business, analyze everything about their business, recommend strategies, recommend maybe even products. And do you like build connections with them to vendors to get better supply chain pricing.

Matthias Miller  15:49
No vendor connections on the production side, necessarily.

Speaker 1  15:54
I could probably help with that. I have some really great connections. The price points that I get on materials are some of the best in the industry. That's something I've always been tremendously good at. That's one of my like when, when I look at my own qualities, like very introspective look, being able to negotiate pricing on input goods for manufacturing is one of my highest level skills that I possess, and I use it well. I'm able to negotiate between multiple different vendors to create competition and to, you know, essentially, have them race to the bottom of what that pricing could be, which allows us, you know, better profit margins. You know right now we're looking in the mid 20s as far as our profit margins, where most companies are probably 1517, at the higher end. But yeah, we really milk it. We want to get the best. We charge a little bit more now than a lot of our competition, but we also pay less for input good so that it sets you up pretty decent.

Matthias Miller  17:06
Yeah, makes sense. Yeah. Tell me more

Speaker 1  17:09
about what your thoughts are. I'm over here just kind of talking about things. Tell me. So you're doing consulting. Currently, you do software development. Which one of those? Like, what? Tell me about your software development history. Like, what do you do? What do you feel like is in your skill set?

Matthias Miller  17:31
Alright, so, so there's, there's like, Let's go tactical skills and deeper introspective skills, tactical skills. I, right out of high school, started developing software developing software used by 45 of the top 50 banks managing bond investments. Was coding since eight years old. I know code like back my hand. I got a lot of commendations for my skill as a coder, but just hated the solo work and so and so increasingly moved more towards management. Went to business with my brother, LS. He runs code crafters, and, you know, overseeing a team. Started moving more in the architecture, design side of things, and still continue doing some some work for him and his clients in that in that regard, as far as in the technical side, started coding in Pascal, did a bunch of C, moved to C plus, plus, tons of Python, some PHP along the way, MySQL, Postgres, plus proprietary enterprise databases back ends. Wrote language parsers like wrote, wrote one of the I didn't have the foresight to really capitalize on it, on it economically, but wrote, wrote the second JavaScript lint that existed, kind of a error, error checker, and then, so that's, that's like technical side of things that I mean, literally done full stack. Like, not just done full stack, but built, basically built full stack. So that's translated into systems thinking at a fairly core level. Everybody. A lot of people told me, I think differently than most people do so, but I do have on my I have a personal blog they use just to get creative energy out. I've got a series I'm doing on business engineering, which is basically translating software development concepts into the business world. So that's, you know, once you start going meta, then I've had an obsessive or, you know, I guess, one layer deeper, more introspective systems thinking. I've had this. Fairly obsessive curiosity around what makes people tick. I think I hit existential crisis probably about 15 years before anybody else did. And have a fairly deep, I think a fairly deep understanding, or probably deeper than the average understanding, of kind of ethereal concepts around purpose, but also, also just, I was, I was a Colby certified consultant for a while, and never really found the lane to monetize the people soft skill side of things, besides, I think, probably just salesmanship. I mean, yeah, so, but yeah, like, just obsessed with curiosity. What are people? What do they do, what they do, and all that things. So yeah, in addition to that, then coded a piece of software for a sales guy back in 2016 or 2018 something like that, just a lightweight little project that was kind of my entry into the shit industry. And then started going going in deeper, especially with the software project started, you know, VP of fractional, VP of Sales and Marketing for a company, fractional sales manager for a company for a while, and then from there, it was just like, and then started pitching some more consulting types of stuff, and moving more in that direction. Which

Speaker 1  21:21
one of those things interests you the most? Like do you? Are you more interested in doing coding work? Are you more interested in doing consulting work? I

Matthias Miller  21:34
would say software design and consulting work are both equally, or about equally interesting to me. I um, I have had, well, I think that's so. So the issue that I have with consulting, so this is, this is, you know, completely breaking open, the riddle that I'm working to solve right now is consulting is fun and interesting. It's good fit for me, personally and and, but it's the scalability of that is limited, yes, and so I've got, kind of these two tracks, and kind of waiting to see where they coalesce, of finding a lane, you know, it could be an acquisition of a shed company in given the right situation. I've got a colleague of mine who's very interested in doing that. It could be some something more on this software side of things could be systemization of the consulting which I've considered and plan to do as they continue to do that

Speaker 1  22:38
so well that it's very informative. You gave me a lot of information. It's very impressive. It sounds like you've got some great history there. You know, I right now, you know, my mind is in software, like we we are working till the Shed show on something that we are presenting there. I'll do a presentation in the lecture hall, and we've got a really nice booth set up, and we're launching something that will change our industry forever. It's protected. It is. It is an amazing thing that we have worked extremely hard. We are developers. We had anthropic just do a review of our code and our development. And that said, we are working at 18 to 27, times the normal development rate of a high level developer. We are doing things that are unbelievable. It is, it is simply amazing. God has, has given us these ideas, and we are. We will not be lazy. We my coders are working 20 hours a day. They they code, they roll over, they sleep, they wake up and they code. We are, you know, I haven't asked you about, like, your how familiar you are with AI, but like, you know, we use AI to code. Each one of our developers typically running four to five different AI programs at each time. They are prompt engineers effectively at this point. So they are prompting the AI to create this code. They are implementing it. They are testing it if it fails, and they re redevelop it if it passes, it may push it to the instance. The amount of progress that we make in a single day on our development is unfathomable. We are leaps and bounds ahead of anybody else in any industry. We have we have done patent searches that allow us to understand what is being done in all industries. And nobody is doing anything like we're doing anywhere. We will simply, simply change, change a lot of things. So we're, we're super excited about that, but that's what like my mind is 100 like I'm, you know, I have my shed business where you've got our module. Cert to do modular homes, those things, you know, while I give them the attention they need to keep running, they require very little. For me, the modular we've almost put on the back burner as I'm getting these other things going the shed business, honestly, I could be here a couple hours a week, and it will run just as good as if I'm sitting in a chair for 40 hours a week. So we've, we've set that up to to just be an awesome running business. But, yeah, very interested. What I would like to do is have you meet with my partner. My partner does. He's our Head of Development. He is extremely smart. He is. He's the one who we we wouldn't be doing what we're doing if I didn't have somebody on his level. I don't believe there's any other coders out there, very few handfuls at most, that are on his level, especially with the new technologies that we're developing. I don't believe there's, there's people out there doing things like this, but I would like you to meet with him. He has been discussing with me his desire to find some really high level people to, you know, help our team. We've got a handful of developers that are all great developers. He is. He's a standout, though, and I believe that maybe, maybe you are as well. Maybe if I put y'all two together, maybe y'all could do some thing just even, even more unbelievable. On top of that, I do feel very good about being able to so one of the things with my share that we initially set out with, and I like, bought domain behind this. We initially, like had some call outs to this on our website. We've since pulled them off. But consulting is something that I've always, you know, been interested in, and I believe that we can, you know, especially like with, you know, if you can do a zoom call for an hour a week for four weeks, and you know, you know, get 5000 bucks for that even, you know, that's seems like a good source of income. So, but anything that I, I would want to do would be has a good return, just because the level that I'm on, I I cannot, like we have to allocate our time which is our most precious resource and the best way possible to get the highest levels of return. And I'm focused on that and everything I do. And so that's, that's what we would be. We would like to be one of the highest price consulting companies out there, but we would also deliver the highest level of service and quality out of any of them. So yeah, I feel good about both of those avenues. I think there is more conversation to be had. I think that, I think that it's a great opportunity. I believe that God probably has put us together to have this conversation, and I trust in Him and His plan. So yeah, do you, I guess, for me, if I can send my partner your email and just kind of do an introduction, would that work? And then y'all can take it off from there absolutely, because he's, he's the brains behind, I'm the business guy. He's a development guy. So I my time is coming. He's about to pass the torch to me and September, and I'm going to run with it. Just hired a CFO to get all of all of that stuff, he's got great history, pretty high level dude. So we're gonna absolutely be poised to capitalize on the opportunity as soon as we are ready. So yeah, let me make that introduction, and we will see what blossoms out of that.

Matthias Miller  29:03
Okay, sounds good. And if there's something, if there's any kind of NBA or something else that you need,

Speaker 1  29:10
maybe not for the first call. I think the first call, you'll just introduce each other. I think if he, and I'm pretty certain he will will like things. You know, we'll put an NDA in place, and we'll talk more about, like, what, what you would expect to receive from our arrangement. Obviously, we want to make sure that's something that works both ways, so, but I'll make that connection. I will shoot an email out to both of you, and if y'all just want to take off from there, schedule a time to meet up. I, I will discuss it with him after y'all meet, and we'll, we'll all come together after that. Okay, sounds good, awesome. Well, I'm excited about it. Yes, likewise. Well,

Matthias Miller  29:58
I appreciate, appreciate the the chance to. The chat and,

Speaker 1  30:02
well, you you get some rest and make sure you're getting some ibuprofen or something for that dude, that thing to creep up on you. I know how that tooth pain is. They probably got you good numb, and all of a sudden you're gonna be not numb anymore. Oh no. But yeah, take care of that too. All right, we'll see you. Matthias, you have a break.

Matthias Miller  30:29
Sounds good? We'll see you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai