Unknown Speaker  00:02
Well actually does I think it's just under a different email address. Everybody's everybody is Gmail, I'm looking at email addresses areas, Gmail, except for a couple of like,

Unknown Speaker  00:15
two. So

Unknown Speaker  00:23
is that your requirement coming across? Again, if you don't have a Google account?

Matthias Miller  00:28
I mean, you can use, you can create Google accounts, which most people don't realize this. And it's not that complicated, which include a Google account with your Microsoft email if you want to, or just create a Gmail, I mean, so, so the then the, then, basically, all it would. So why don't we do that the reason being that the software platform that we're using, like within the last year, released a new feature that lets us create a very locked down view into the same database, where you where you can control what people see. And so it's a very inexpensive

Matthias Miller  01:20
way to add these types of portals for people to get to get visibility into into their deadlines.

Speaker 1  01:30
Good. I have another question. But it's in wait.

Unknown Speaker  01:35
So go ahead.

Speaker 1  01:37
Well, okay. All right. Are you talking like, adding those features? So our database right now, or creating something entirely

Speaker 2  01:46
new would be adding to your database now? Okay,

Speaker 1  01:49
so question about our database now. Can we

Unknown Speaker  01:53
already, which is like what we have,

Speaker 1  01:57
and only, like, somehow can then system send text reminders as a day. So Nathan started back right away, just further reminders for like fire drills, rather than your car insurance and all of this.

Matthias Miller  02:22
If we would move it over onto our stuff, it would be very easy to do. We have text message integration.

Speaker 1  02:33
And then to that, like, you know, once a week or once a day, there isn't gonna be a lot of stops.

Matthias Miller  02:43
Exact exactly. I mean, we could or we could even do one text a week with, like, you've got these things coming Do you know, we pick some kind of timeframe and consolidate it all down into one text message?

Speaker 1  02:59
And then it's, you know, they did the first text? Let's say, okay, the reminder is that 30 days, like ahead of time, but the first time, and then if they do hand everything in, like that day, then do Chris or I need to go in and like, checkup or I guess we just add, like put the date and then that Roubaix was stopped in text messages. Like, yeah, okay. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  03:26
Which would be a responsibility on our part.

Unknown Speaker  03:30
There'd be like, I gave you this two weeks ago. Why?

Matthias Miller  03:39
Okay. That would be email we could do without moving the database anywhere else. Now, whether people emails a little sketchy here,

Speaker 3  03:57
not as much in your face. I mean, even for myself, if my inbox is a mess, 90% of the time. Yeah. And I know for some of my families, I have to say, Did you see my email? No. And then they go, oh, yeah, there it is. Yeah, it just gets lost. So you're saying like to so email, like email reminders would be something that can happen pretty simply without moving anything. But if you go to the checks, that would have to be a mood.

Matthias Miller  04:28
Yeah. And the moving really, isn't that right? Intensive. I mean, anyway, it's like a it's another. Yeah. 50 bucks a month and a little bit of not much time to package up this one and just straight up, move it over there. We would then get you you would then the biggest thing I want to make sure that I don't think there's any issue, we've got other systems with socials and things. I don't think there's any concern About for our end about having access to the data and I'm no longer we're no longer licensing. Right? So that would be a simple thing

Speaker 2  05:20
Okay, are we are we chat some notes?

Matthias Miller  05:46
So if we did SMS

Matthias Miller  06:04
would you? Yeah, how would you want to have that? Is it the first time it shows up on the radar, and then every week until until that date has been.

Speaker 3  06:25
So, so question two that if you're consolidating, and you're saying like, these are all the things that let's use 30 days, everything is due within 30 days on the same day get like one of those things done, like, within the first week, then like the second week, would it have removed that one and still set out for the other two? Like it would it doesn't,

Matthias Miller  06:43
as long as you would enter it, enter in the day that it would

Speaker 3  06:47
do a fire drill? And I answer it, but they still need their insurance in the registration and didn't like that will just show up the next time. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  06:58
What was the original question? I

Speaker 3  06:59
don't know, my brain went to like, this is gonna work. And then I totally forgot what the original question was.

Matthias Miller  07:04
I think it's just how do we want to structure this? Like, okay, for example, your, here's how I would do it. There's probably one day of the week where you're more likely to sit down and go catch up on everything that you need to be, according to my research, that's Thursday afternoon, I don't know that that's actually accurate. Whatever it is for you guys.

Unknown Speaker  07:24
Oh, because that's when we had the most,

Matthias Miller  07:26
most activity in the database. But you pick a day, or whatever they were swelling your schedule, there's two ways to project what they were exploring your schedule. And then the next morning, we would send out those text messages. Or when are foster parents most likely to be responsive to these types of requests, and then pattern it around that one or the other. But basically pick a day of the week, where these day and time where these are gonna go out. And yeah.

Speaker 1  08:02
I don't know what the most opportune window of time but

Speaker 3  08:09
not too close to a weekend because I feel like for as far as a foster parent getting the message because I feel like it can get a loss than just going through. Yeah, maybe like attendance. That's what I was thinking Tuesday's is when like I would pick a Tuesday

Unknown Speaker  08:24
morning when a message will go

Speaker 3  08:29
out, because then if for us to actually catch up. Wednesdays is typically not an option because we're not in the office. And then Thursdays is sometimes I catch up on Thursdays and Friday mornings, and then hopefully it's

Speaker 1  08:47
Yeah, as long as we would get the data in before the next Tuesday.

Speaker 3  08:55
So would there be a way so I'm just thinking like, this button, because this would have no rhyme or reason. So paperwork is due by the beginning of the fifth business day of the net, the next month for the month prior. So a lot of times, like that's when we want like them to be reminded to hand stuff in could have been due, like literally mid month, but I mean, as long as he ended in, like by the beginning, like when paperwork is handed in, like in my mind, we're still good. But that doesn't have any rhyme or reason to like a due date, you know what I mean? Like, but that's when it would be nice if they could be reminded of their monthly paperwork. Well, and then if there's specific things that might be needed, like maybe it is time for fire, or it's time for them to hand a gun just looking at the list now and I'm like I have several people that need to hand in insurance and registration. And it all expired in September and like they're handing in that paperwork now. So it's like that should be along with the paperwork. Um, Okay,

Matthias Miller  10:01
so you would say on the first on the last business day of the month, or the first business day of a month, say, here's a reminder for your monthly paperwork. And just as a reminder, here are the things that are outstanding that you should be

Unknown Speaker  10:28
that we need to be

Speaker 3  10:29
that would also need to be submitted. Yeah, there's some families are really good about like, as soon as that comes up, they're handing it in. I mean, like, yeah, they renew their registration, we get it, we just get an email. Like, we don't have to remind them, they're remembering. And that's awesome. But that's, that's not necessarily the norm. And that's okay. Because I mean, a lot to keep track of, I say this carefully, because you're a foster parent. Keep alive. Alive, you know, healthy,

Unknown Speaker  10:59
well fed

Speaker 3  11:00
all of that. So yeah, like I've been, I think, sometimes when it's on our paperwork to like, check those things. But I think what happens is, a lot of times, wives are doing the paperwork, and husbands are taking care of some of the things like registration and insurance, and it just says they don't think about it. Anyway, so yeah, there would be like a text going out to remind like, right around the time paperwork is due to remind them that? I don't know, would that be enough, though? You don't? I mean, because then I don't know how that would work for

Speaker 1  11:29
me in just one text a month. Like, the first day of the month, your monthly paperweights? Is that what you meant? Or would they continue? Like

Speaker 3  11:40
an every day? For like, the first five business days a reminder? I just like that.

Unknown Speaker  12:03
So I guess I'm just thinking like, what would the like, what would be most

Speaker 3  12:09
effective, but also like, like, there, it's gonna get done. Like for our family, it's like, they're thinking about people where they're supposed to be thinking about paperwork, like, you know, right at the end of the month in the to the beginning of the next month. So is like that would almost seem like a nice time to remind, rather than like, showing up at random times, given the expiration date. I don't know what are you? I don't I'm

Matthias Miller  12:34
sure spec do. So we could set up a separate alert for the monthly paperwork. Which means that you guys would have to note the day that it was received. And could we put together a report? I don't know if I can, I might be getting myself into trouble.

Matthias Miller  12:57
Wouldn't it be interesting to put together a report that gives have a point system every time you meet beat a deadline? And you get you know, it just that points to some extent up to deadline. And you have a little scoreboard the foster parents

Unknown Speaker  13:17
love it because

Unknown Speaker  13:18
gamifying this thing somehow? Well.

Speaker 3  13:22
I personally because we try something like that just to like try to help people get overworked. I mean, more on a nought point system. But yeah. In motivated some for a little bit. But I mean, yeah, like if it would even be something that would be then a way to, I mean, we can

Speaker 4  13:40
reward probably point system then to like, if it's exactly yeah. I don't know how

Speaker 1  13:47
like, so that would be a kind of a separate entry in the database is your current monthly paperwork, and it would just keep track of of it. James and Louise got theirs in the third, we enter that date. And it just kind of, actually, that would be helpful for me personally, I have something that keeps track of the foster parent monthly paperwork, because I tend to find my own thing, but sometimes I forget to enter. And it would probably be good

Speaker 3  14:22
for us to because then we would be more intentional about getting things into the database. It when things are submitted. Yeah, they're getting reminders via text message. And we have to enter Yeah, it would it would create a little more accountability on our end as well.

Matthias Miller  14:41
So it would be based on the fifth business day of the month.

Speaker 3  14:45
That's when it's due by do Yeah, yeah, obviously they've been submitted the very last day of the month prior, some people do even earlier than that, because they don't have any placement. So there's one document that has to be submitted. which I'm fine with that, yeah, I probably should have like a cap on either end. As far as like, you know what people submitting it like two weeks. You know what I mean?

Matthias Miller  15:15
Surely Yeah. I mean, could we say, kind of play a little bit of a guessing dance? Like if it's the 25th or later it's for the current month. And if it's before it's just late for the prior prior month, some kind of arbitrary day of month thing that we could use. Or we could have you put in specifically which month it was for, but seems a little overkill. Yes.

Speaker 3  15:54
Okay, sounds good to me, actually. Because if you're looking at like February, there's usually like, that was, yeah, there's less days in the month. So they'll get a few days prior.

Matthias Miller  16:09
And then the alert will start showing up at first.

Unknown Speaker  16:16
Whereas the left for

Unknown Speaker  16:18
the month prior, right, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  16:21
Yeah. So like October 1, versus Sanders paperwork?

Matthias Miller  16:28
Correct. And then it'd be due on the sixth case.

Speaker 3  16:38
So with so does that factor in like if there's holidays, because you know, sometimes, like, all right around the beginning of

Matthias Miller  16:46
this holiday logic currently, is federal holidays, includes federal holidays, which means that, like Juneteenth, and some Presidents Day, and some other things are going to jump in there. But those aren't, those are later in the month, typically, so so you've got Fourth of July, which have been hit and New Year's hit.

Unknown Speaker  17:10
Right. And then

Unknown Speaker  17:12
Labor Day, Labor Day

Unknown Speaker  17:13
and Memorial Day, but that would be fine, because we're

Unknown Speaker  17:18
only looking within the first

Speaker 4  17:20
five days of the holidays to

Unknown Speaker  17:25
save, sometimes most of the time, right? Yeah, but yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  17:37
I do have to think through as far as

Matthias Miller  17:45
Eph I kind of think that adding the monthly paperwork reminder, is a would be a simple, simple thing to do. The scoring system gets a little more complicated because we need to track well, if we're only doing specific.

Matthias Miller  18:09
Yeah, I mean, if we would only do that for the foster parent monthly paperwork, for example. We could very easily give you a report of you know who who beat that as far as all the other deadlines. But current logic is just where we at where do we need to be? There's no kind of concept of historically did they meet the deadline or not?

Matthias Miller  18:39
So then, so but we didn't really resolve the question of the text messages. I mean, here's another way to flip it as a foster parent, what kind of reminder system would you sitting in their shoes? What's ideal, like

Unknown Speaker  19:00
sitting in your shoe?

Unknown Speaker  19:03
Shoes that you no longer wear?

Matthias Miller  19:11
Okay, so, the most frequently what we would when we would forget, it would be what would have probably been gotten 90% of the time so we were late from that wasn't doing the paperwork but I think is a reminder on the day that it's due. Because if normally been able to try to get it done prior to that, but if she didn't get it done by the day it was due we were traveling, we had something else going there's something going on and our heads were over here not paperwork

Matthias Miller  19:52
registration, just as an example, that one's a little trickier because I don't know just Yes, it expires but you've got a 30 day grace period and you're waiting to get stuff back in the mail and I don't know fire drills something also that we was easy to miss I kind of like the it's not quite as time urgent. But what I kind of like is if there are additional things that should be included what would work great for us is if if it wasn't in by the deadline that we would get a text for that. And if there were reminders outside of paperwork to have that come through at the beginning of the month saying, by the way, when you do your paperwork or beginning of the month last Friday, whatever have that comes through as a text message and saying hey, like these are the things that you should be taking a look at. Because that's when your mind is in foster care and paperwork, compliance, all that kind of stuff. I think

Speaker 1  21:29
they're using just one text with like all things for that month.

Matthias Miller  21:34
Yes. So if everything else is caught up except paperwork, we don't need to text we just we know if there's anything else besides that the text was bold with all the additional things that we need to be seen after. And then a second text on the on the due date. As a final reminder, it does mean if people submitted I mean, we'll have word that word that text basically that you can ignore this if you've already submitted it, but it would mean that you guys would have to go in in those first few days or before the deadline Well, yeah, and we could we could have the text go out automatically or we could have you send that day of deadline text manually whenever you've updated everything that's needs to be updated.

Speaker 3  22:30
That sounds like a recipe for it not happening. So

Matthias Miller  22:36
we'll just word it in a way that if you already submitted it like no worries but

Speaker 3  22:41
because I'm just thinking like we might remember Yeah, I know there's many times even I forget

Matthias Miller  22:50
I don't know what you guys like it don't like it I like it yeah

Unknown Speaker  23:27
all right

Matthias Miller  23:40
what all information would you like is a text message reminder does it get most of what you want as far as visibility for foster parents or would you want them to have some other visibility into system

Speaker 4  24:05
so Stephen was the one who I think had said something to you about it and like what like what was his when he said that to you? Like

Speaker 3  24:13
do you remember like what was kind of the context for it? Was it like a place where they can see all their deadlines? Or was it like just a reminder that like

Speaker 1  24:23
so I have very little notes but pretty much a dashboard for foster families with babies information I'm not sure if he or if it was us, we're talking about it later. Like having a space for them to upload their.

Speaker 3  24:48
i Yeah, maybe. Well, that has been brought to our attention a couple of times, like having it more of an online access that you can upload things in kind of like a portal where they can Yeah, you Yeah everything but I think along as far as like the whole what access I mean if there because I'm thinking as far as text message reminders in my brain anyway I'm thinking that more along the lines of the like fire drill that rolls around on a regular basis the insurance or you know registration those types of things but then there is the whole training thing like is there a way because usually when people have to ask us like hey if they're not keeping track on their own like how many hours do we have? So if there would be a way to have like the women some limited access to yeah like their information and also like training so then you could go in and see this is how many training rounds we have this is what we still need

Unknown Speaker  25:59
the training hours are under each individual policy and people listen like

Unknown Speaker  26:10
you'd want to

Unknown Speaker  26:19
we want to break that out

Matthias Miller  26:29
is there any other information besides

Unknown Speaker  26:38
see training hours per

Speaker 2  26:49
day, the range the.

Matthias Miller  27:06
And then potentially, some kind of documentation, resources, kind of which he wants something like that, like things like just informational pieces. Like you can download the latest rules and regs or here are I don't know how broad you want to take it very here's that. What was that membership that we got with you know, here's the link to the name and link of the membership course you'll need your username and password, but

Speaker 3  27:46
hey, that'd be helpful because then I also like there's been recently like we've had several mandatory trainings that have been added by the state. And so even if we can have like some of them we're doing like we have online options for them to fulfill that so we can even have like here's a place to check the database or whatever we were going to call it to find that link rather than having to go back through emails to find it it's a one stop shop and the thing

Unknown Speaker  28:10
would be beneficial

Unknown Speaker  28:12
Yeah. I think that'd be helpful.

Matthias Miller  29:34
The only piece that we didn't talk about more in depth would be the

Matthias Miller  29:45
would be the upload thing and seeing if there's a

Matthias Miller  29:53
easy short term solution that would be or is there. Something that's not I highly involved

Unknown Speaker  30:15
I feel like a place to start to kind of introduce, like, going that direction kind of thing

Speaker 1  30:39
just like Google Drive, but that's Doesn't that seem like a secure bet like that's a Steven like, he just sends me a link to Google Drive and that's where he like uploads all the things. So then something like a lot a lot I don't know along those lines are that

Matthias Miller  30:59
Yeah, I think my Yeah, I think something like that. My biggest my biggest. I mean, we have good options for file uploads. And so I'm not or gab reasonably good options

Matthias Miller  31:26
privacy and security still remain kind of my biggest concerns on that

Matthias Miller  31:47
and this would include, yeah, yes, it's a this would this would fall under HIPAA then at that point. At least the documents would Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  32:17
Great upstairs.

Matthias Miller  33:07
And how important is it submission versus? Well, they're gonna, I'm gonna assume they're gonna want some kind of well do you want them to be able to go back into their other history and download historical documents that they previously uploaded?

Unknown Speaker  33:44
And

Speaker 1  33:46
I mean, if I have the foster children, they have to file with all of that paperwork in their home. Right.

Unknown Speaker  33:57
I feel like it could just have a start date, and we wouldn't have to be retroactive.

Matthias Miller  34:03
But I'm looking forward after the uploaded document to be able to go back in and download that document again.

Unknown Speaker  34:09
Oh, I see what you're saying.

Speaker 1  34:14
I mean, if the child is very determined, like, if the child is not in their care, then they shouldn't be able to be like, it should probably

Speaker 3  34:23
not have this. And I feel like that if there's some reason they need it, then it would be a request to us because it's especially if it's child information, if it should be able to access it now if it's foster parent information that feels a little different.

Unknown Speaker  34:37
Yeah, it's still there and as well

Matthias Miller  35:13
Me. And then the other question is how closely do you want to tie this? Let me see how closely do you want to tie this in with other? I don't know. Let's pick on red registered. That's the other thing. Vehicles, we have to tie vehicles and pets, we have to tie out to the next people will need to be seeing those but we'll see the alerts the certainly grabbed myself and get myself distracted.

Unknown Speaker  35:57
So good.

Matthias Miller  36:01
Okay, so like registration on a vehicle? Do you be thinking a single repository per foster license and you guys?

Matthias Miller  36:19
How structure structured? Do you want these file uploads? Like, I am uploading registration for this vehicle right here.

Unknown Speaker  36:28
Rather than just an upload, and then

Matthias Miller  36:31
or Yes, or, or I'm uploading this. So it could be as specific as uploading registration for this vehicle or uploading a document for this vehicle, or I'm uploading a document for this child, or I'm uploading a document for this individual or it's just a big bucket. All under the license whatever is.

Speaker 3  36:57
So like, if it was just a big bucket, then we would then we would have access to them sorted out like that would be our responsibility as far as categorizing sorting of all that stuff,

Unknown Speaker  37:09
presumably.

Speaker 3  37:11
Yeah. But like if it was specific, like, how would we be notified that they up? Like, will we get a notification that they've uploaded a document? Like how would we be notified? Or would it just take the alert away? Because I think the the question that it begs then is like, how do we know it's there, because we still have paper files at this point. So we print things out like that's, you know, right now the system is they send it to us, we take off the alert in our system, we go take care of it, there's a save document in the on our server, and then there's a copy put into the file. So there's like a whole system. So I think it's a question of like, what does that system going to look like? Once we know there's an uploading happening from the foster parent side of things? Does that mean what boy, I mean, that's why it begs the question, are we going paperless? And then it says sorting things out? Or we still have how we know, we need like, I'm just thinking, rearranging like the order, like the flowchart is what's happening. Right? That's what's happening in my head anyway.

Matthias Miller  38:12
Okay, so currently, people email it in, you save it and just share drive somewhere. And it's organized based on that families folder. And then subfolders for the different kiddos or something. And then you go in and you mark the, you know, clear the deadline, right. And print out a copy.

Speaker 3  38:35
Stick it in there file. Yeah, exactly. That's what the system is at this point.

Matthias Miller  38:40
Are you wanting to maintain papercut files?

Unknown Speaker  38:45
No. That's not a district? Well,

Unknown Speaker  38:48
I mean, do you need to

Speaker 4  38:51
do we've talked about going paperless. I'm old school, I just hate the thought of giving it up. But I know I'm also not want to be one of those people was like

Speaker 1  39:00
one or two words. I think it would be really important if we do go paperless to have like backups, like the lightning strikes something and everything is lost that there's a backup to that. And then let them certainly we work as a backup

Unknown Speaker  39:17
tendency. And yes, we

Speaker 1  39:18
do not get we have to be able to make sure that it's

Unknown Speaker  39:23
it's there already. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  39:26
yes. So backup for

Unknown Speaker  39:29
backup for a backup. Yeah, yes. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  39:36
And so I don't

Speaker 3  39:37
know if we're at the point to say we're ready to go paperless because I try to remember where Randall fell. And

Unknown Speaker  39:42
yeah, that would have to be a conversation right?

Speaker 3  39:46
Which he probably will defer to what we say. Because, I mean, we're the ones who do the most work with paperwork. I mean, the filing aspect of it. Um, So I don't I mean, I don't think that's something we're looking at on this at this point in time, but I think it's something that's probably maybe in the future. Yeah, in the next year or two.

Speaker 1  40:15
How does that change? Like, on the foster parent database, and

Matthias Miller  40:25
very little now, it's probably more like this little thing of like, is there a way that we could easily have a submission? That would bypass a lot of the concerns and but it is hard to get easier than just open your email and send an email like, that is not complicated. If you've got trouble with that. There's probably other issues that have gone.

Unknown Speaker  40:52
Well, you have a family

Unknown Speaker  40:54
that would have trouble with that, because

Unknown Speaker  40:58
that's true. But

Speaker 3  41:02
everybody else we work with. That is yes.

Matthias Miller  41:07
Thanks, bridge much. Expert, evenly with that. Mill the fax Oh, gotcha, gotcha. Yeah.

Speaker 4  41:17
I got a fax. So because yeah, everything is email. Somebody asked me for facts on which I'm like. Oh, yes. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  41:37
All right. So.

Matthias Miller  41:47
All right, well, let me put together some kind of estimate of what I think this is going to be. Especially the portal and the SMS, I think is the biggest thing. I mean, the other things are about in line with what other miscellaneous tweaks we've done throughout the years,

Speaker 3  42:05
could you give us an estimate when you're working on as far as what it would look like to go to like an uploading system? And I know that we haven't worked out the nitty gritty of like, Would it be a bucket versus like, everything's categorized? But like, just to kind of a?

Unknown Speaker  42:21
What? Yeah,

Speaker 3  42:23
between this number and this number, you know, even somewhere in that range, depending? And I realize, so we'll actually get to it. But I think it'd be helpful, I think, especially on Randles part, like, when we talk about this, like if he would have like an idea of what we're looking at.

Matthias Miller  42:45
There are people who can pull numbers out of there out of a hat and have shocking accuracy with it. The problem is that there's so many the first thing would be

Matthias Miller  43:05
yeah, sorry, I bet there's too many different ways that we could approach this. There's just

Unknown Speaker  43:11
too many variables even just the general

Matthias Miller  43:17
if you see which check one thing here. Yes, I could do that. I want to try and

Matthias Miller  43:37
do you have any idea? This would be helpful to know how many gigabytes of storage do you accumulate per year from your

Speaker 3  43:48
I have absolutely zero frame of reference to give it even like an intelligent guess.

Matthias Miller  43:55
Do you need storage for our foster parent documents? Yes. For his foster parents. Everything in that folder? What's the size of the folder and about, you know, how much what are we looking at it an annual basis

Unknown Speaker  44:15
would have been the number for current

Speaker 1  44:20
properties. Let's see if that's older properties for the foster families folder, but that includes all the foster letlet Okay, let's go in let's go to current foster families

Unknown Speaker  44:41
Okay,

Speaker 1  44:42
the size of the current foster family older Oh, but I don't think

Unknown Speaker  44:51
it says it's 1.12 universities.

Unknown Speaker  44:57
I mean, that's what our current by the Yeah.

Matthias Miller  45:02
How many years of history do you think that is? Is that like well that depends on

Speaker 3  45:06
the family so like for it's all our current family so we would have like Andrew Christina in there who have been with us since like 2016. So we're talking seven years of

Unknown Speaker  45:17
history with them

Unknown Speaker  45:19
losses. John Michelle since 2018 So that's five years with them. And then everybody else is within

Matthias Miller  45:30
sort of two year average maybe three years so there isn't a very okay, no, that gives me what I need. Let me have

Unknown Speaker  45:46
children

Unknown Speaker  45:48
like that. That would also be payable it'd be uploaded how much is

Unknown Speaker  45:57
470 You know about it

Unknown Speaker  46:10
Yeah, that's half a half a gig

Speaker 3  46:13
and that average is is dubbed as going to be probably like 12 months average or like sometimes it's on there longer than in some are shorter but yeah

Unknown Speaker  46:33
think it gives me what I need

Unknown Speaker  46:41
because you guys question or like I have no idea what you're doing that in for page.

Speaker 2  46:45
Yeah, there's this whole other world bag here that like there's cranky, like Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 3  47:00
No idea how it's all working that you can spit something out. That makes sense to me.

Matthias Miller  47:05
That's supposed to do I was telling somebody I think this is mostly a compliment. I don't know if it always is, but I've been told that my brain works in a really weird way. So it gets the job done. Okay. Well, that's

Speaker 3  47:26
funny, though, anytime I was like, when, like everything was changing with what you're like with code house and all that. And I was like, if I have to be with someone else beside my eyes, I don't know if I can do it. Like, I'm just used

Unknown Speaker  47:36
to, like, you know,

Speaker 3  47:38
you your brain is doing something you're asking questions, and you're just like, it's working. It's just doing its thing.

Matthias Miller  47:46
Yeah, unfortunately, this is what fortunately or unfortunately, I own I mean, I nobody, this is this is both, you know, frictionless, but also perhaps a liability but nobody else really knows the system all that well. Because this is all pre teen days. Like quit didn't have a team labor just job security. Sorry, my rates have just increased $5,000 An hour like shoot. Okay. Good. I like it.

Speaker 3  48:19
Thank you to I'm just I'm excited. Oh, you know what, sorry. There's a couple other things that have come up since then. Um, so this year with our certified I don't understand how are our sex offender registry checks in the system because I feel like the alerts pop up for us. What feels to me is very random times.

Unknown Speaker  48:44
So I mean, I don't think it's random I'm

Matthias Miller  48:48
maybe maybe that was we're gonna just arbitrarily come up with a new K, let's see.

Matthias Miller  49:08
The Are you seeing it both of the state and national personal or six minute registry? registration date?

Matthias Miller  49:27
Well, let me walk you through the logic. Do you Okay, so the starting point is when they turn 18 Or when they're licensed, whichever is later. Or I mean, not when, whatever when the home was licensed. And with a 60 day window for getting it done early, okay. And then In this register date

Matthias Miller  50:11
we will look at that date for the current year. And if that's in the future, then we go back to last year

Matthias Miller  50:26
you know, the easiest way you could be open to letting me poke around in your system looking at somebody. Do you have a situation right now? Where?

Speaker 3  50:37
Yes, I do. So I had I have Yeah, I don't mind.

Unknown Speaker  50:42
I'm wondering if it's triggered by her birthday. Because

Speaker 3  50:47
it so she did her sex offender checks. She came when did she come? She came October of last year, she did your sex offender checks in.

Speaker 3  51:02
In October 6 of last year, it was exactly a year ago. And then they popped up again April of this year, which would line up with your birthday. Because the birthday is April 4, and that's when I got the I got a reminder 30 days before that, that they were due again.

Unknown Speaker  51:22
Right?

Unknown Speaker  51:24
I don't know. Did you want to poke around?

Matthias Miller  51:26
I think let me see if I can. Let me see if I can replicate this because I mean, I think it's okay, we're gonna have a new this is Austin, or we're gonna give a record. And we're going to have a so 10 One would have been the starting date. Okay, that works, or 10, one of 22 let's say. And the role would have been as a foster care home occupant

Unknown Speaker  52:17
that works, okay.

Matthias Miller  52:20
The birth date would have so we're doing we 23 minus 18 is birth years 2005 So we're gonna save for April 1 2005. And then the National Sex Offender Registry was completed on you're gonna say 10 five and 22. And here it's saying it's due again. So basically what we need to say is that take into account well, let's just do this

Matthias Miller  53:08
it is because of the the birthday or the licensing or something

Speaker 3  53:12
that is this that they're showing up but I hadn't actually put it together. So anybody here that I was like, oh, that's connected to her birthday Yeah.

Speaker 3  54:00
Okay, and then I have one more. There's been a recent change with FBI risk feeIs. So it's five years that it has to be five years from and I don't know how it's in our system has to be five years from the submission date, not from the date that we got the results, which is usually like a couple of weeks after submission.

Unknown Speaker  54:26
Yeah, it is running off of submission during

Speaker 3  54:28
Is it okay, perfect. That works. I just wasn't sure and I looked around and

Speaker 4  54:36
we'll just sit for the meeting. That works. Yeah, I think that was it. It was just a couple things that come up recently that I thought well, I'm meeting with you anyway.

Unknown Speaker  54:47
Perfect. Sounds good. Anything else? Yeah, absolutely.

Unknown Speaker  54:58
Everything I'll never

Unknown Speaker  54:59
forget And then as we talked about the new

Speaker 3  55:05
oh yes I think that was in the email the list of the New Age

Matthias Miller  55:10
training requirements these are just Yeah, I mean it's just once again it's just date date expiration or submitted an exhibition yep I got that okay

Matthias Miller  55:27
there's also this one thing way long time ago

Speaker 2  55:35
was it would not even worth bringing up because it's probably so not

Unknown Speaker  55:44
yeah it's inevitably come up it's not an issue

Unknown Speaker  55:49
I'll say or it might have been something that's just you know, coming out forgotten

Unknown Speaker  56:50
right yeah good. Shade it


Transcribed by https://otter.ai