Speaker 1  00:00
And then also, all right, appreciate it. Yeah, no problem. So, so Well, I want to understand you about your business little bit more. What are you trying to accomplish? Because this is this time stuff. This is not just, this is a really tiny portion of what I do, and I'm looking at it for the perspective of, like, how to use this to scale up your company? How do you use this to, like, make yourself less than the day to day. So what are your goals for the next 12 months?

Matthias Miller  00:25
So I mean, really brief backstory. I think it was John Paul mendocha That told Perry that most of the people in Planet Perry have at least two major kind of knockout moments before they actually wake up and decided to build a real business. And that's kind of, that's kind of at the point where I am now. And so my expertise is in custom software and

Speaker 1  00:49
going movie right now, just, you know, I need a drink of water. I'm listening now. Yep,

Matthias Miller  00:53
custom software, custom software. And I've been doing that for for years, too much, too empathetic, to really be a great engineer long term, but have all the have all the aptitude for that. And so what we're focused, what I'm focusing on on is it's kind of a collaboration with the business structure is a little complex, but essentially building this is for soft for for businesses,

Speaker 1  01:20
yep, custom software for, like, business automation. And, yep, love it. I've got, I have a couple of clients that do that cool, pretty familiar with I think it's a great business to be in, considering that I do some of the automation without the software, and it would be that much more valuable if I did do the software. Yep. So I'm very familiar with what you're

Matthias Miller  01:43
doing, yep. And so the big thing that the two major drives right now is, I mean landing, landing clients, any way we can. And then working through this is, yeah, working through some of, some of dove Gordon's, plenty of clients kind of stuff. Are you in his program? I'm actually doing the manual first and then planning to do his program.

Speaker 1  02:11
This is so funny that you're, I was actually, I mean, like five seconds before you said that, I'm, like, thinking this would be a really good client for dove. And dove and I are good friends. Gotcha. And my, my clients that work with them, actually a client with it who has a very similar business as you is working with them right now. Like, it's, like, very similar business. It's a, it's, it's a, okay, so you're working through his manual.

Matthias Miller  02:37
Yes. And again, this is because of Nick spear experiencing my share of constraint, because of all of the bumps of the last of the prior two years or so. And so this is, this is just a best shot. I'm sure it'd be more effective going through this program. That's, that's kind of the Okay.

Speaker 1  02:58
Can I just make a suggestion right now, just something, yes, okay, because if you're having trouble, getting in new clients, and even if you're not having trouble, but you know, there's an opportunity to make, to make progress faster, which, by the way, like I, I've joined a program to help with that, even though I wasn't really having too much trouble, it just I wanted to accelerate that, so I hired someone else to help me, but I would not walk, but run. And because you've identified someone who can help you, who's who is very good mentor, he might even I know that the way Len started out was they had, he had, like, some special, like some round table or something that was, like a smaller investment. And he got like, one session with him, and after that, he's just like, oh my gosh, I've got to work with him right now, because he made money right from just doing that one thing. But my recommendation would be just like, go to paypal credit and pay for it with PayPal credit. You don't have to, you don't have to pay for it for like, six months. If you can't make back in six months, then the issue is that you don't trust yourself. It's not saying it. Yeah, I have something. I have an investment that I've made $40,000 on already, minus this, finally, minus 6000 on something that I find is the whole thing. I saved my money because I paid out front, but it's sitting on PayPal credit. I haven't even had to touch it. I have the cash flow, but I don't want to pay for it. I just, it's free money. So I mean that that's something that, like, if you need support free, just get it and and you will you because it because, just think about how much money it's costing you every single month. Yeah, that you're not because it's costing you. Said that it was cost. It, it's costing you at least $5,000 a month, I would imagine, yeah, probably, yeah. So that's a lot more expensive than, I think his program is probably Southern, around in the neighborhood of 6000 I don't know, I don't know exactly,

Matthias Miller  04:54
yeah, he's got the his, he's got the i. He's got two tiers. So there's a $2,000 dollar level, and then like a $7,000 level,

Speaker 1  05:04
there's a $2,000 Why haven't you invested a $2,000 one?

Matthias Miller  05:09
It's a long story. So yeah,

Speaker 1  05:12
well, it's 2000 bucks. That's like, how much do you pay you?

Matthias Miller  05:19
That's a small client we've had, but yeah, well, if that's

Speaker 1  05:30
a small client, you're not charging enough, like way, way, not charging enough, not even close.

Matthias Miller  05:38
So here, hang on. Just okay.

Speaker 1  05:42
So try to be a value here. And I know we're going no absolutely track from fine time now, but I'm looking at this from the perspective also of sustainable business.

Matthias Miller  05:50
So we've got, well, okay, so here we've got, we've got, probably about 60 to 70k of proposals out 20k is going to close, is very likely to close in about a month or two. There's the 30k proposal that we did. We kind of did a discovery contract style as as best we could, and that's been positive. And but that one, that one turned out that the the individual needed more additional support and actually building out his business before he was ready to do the software solution. So that one's so again, it kind of feels like I can't tell where I'm getting in my own way and where I'm dealing with the realities of, I don't know, just a bumpy ride.

Speaker 1  06:47
So can I ask, what is your monthly revenue?

Matthias Miller  06:52
It's probably, honestly around,

Matthias Miller  07:00
it's probably around six to 8k.

Speaker 1  07:02
Okay, all right, and where you're at right now. A lot of people get stuck right here. You know, I can't talk. Do you want to know the number one reason why? Sure. I already pointed out they're not charging enough. Yeah. And as soon as you charge more, you'll get over the hump. But I think the reason why you're not charging more is probably because you haven't figured out how to have a continuous flow of ideal clients coming in, right? And once you have that, you'll be more confident to charge more. Sure that makes sense. And the other thing is too, and your website is positioned. You're positioned in a way that's like, just, just the testimonials. For example, the testimonials are like, they're really weak. They're like, he's a great guy. Matthias is a great guy. Like, they're not like, Matthias helped me streamline the business in a way that added $100,000 this, right? Like, I think that the softer testimonials actually hurt you more than they help, gotcha. So what I was just saying is it just like the what your websites, just like it's it's not deciding on any problem, right? It's solving. But I can, I can see that the raw materials for a really great business, like, you've got some good skills, you're going after an area where there's demand, people are willing to pay, especially when you were doing a software solution. This is like this next level and so. So getting into these multi million dollar businesses that need this service is like, they buy this stuff all day long, because you can streamline, put together a CRM system that streamlines their sales and ads, you know, helps their team increase their sales percentages by like 5% like that could be millions of dollars, yep. So, um, you just it's about finding that that direction and speaking to speaking to that problem and the value. Dove does that. Dove knows how to do that. He and our best clients, some of our best clients have worked with him, like so, again, it's costing you a lot of money to not go for it. Yep, be sure to tell them I forced you into it when you go there. But, but again, I mean, you don't even have to have the cash flow to do it. You just, you just finance it, even if you put it on your highest interest credit card, even if it's two card, even if it's 25% interest on your credit card, it still is cheaper than than you like sitting and not doing it. And I know that that that can be hard to I know that when I was at the stage of business growth, it was challenging to, you know, know. To invest in what's going to help. I invest in a lot of things didn't really work. And you know, I know that if you work with Dove and you apply yourself, it will work. And and if it's not working, say this isn't working. Can you please help me understand why? Yep, yep. And a lot of people just say, Oh, it's not working. And really why it's not working as is it's their resistance. Is their own mind garbage, as Perry likes to call it, so, so let's talk about your the time. Now, let's jump into it. Let me share my screen all right, and I want to also acknowledge you for putting up so far with with my kind of in your face approach, because I know that I could see on your face a little bit, just a little uncomfortable, right? Yep, yep, all right. But, um, that's what is going to really just, just facing up. If it's something that's terrifies you, it what it means, like, fear means go. Fear means go just getting like the fear never goes away. Yep, you just get better at facing it. Okay, so I had a harder time reading some of this. So

Unknown Speaker  11:18
let's, Yep,

Speaker 1  11:21
let's I'll just see if I can insert this you've got. Why don't you just list them off to let you said that the planning the day before? Yep. Okay, so how much is that? How much time is that going to save you? I

Matthias Miller  11:44
I don't know. 20 minutes a day, I don't know.

Speaker 1  11:46
Okay, so before you planned your day like this, how much time would you spend in the morning swirling around and not making progress?

Matthias Miller  11:57
Well, the again, it's hard to find a baseline, because there were periods of time where I actually did planning. So if you want to compare it with where I didn't do planning, then it it could easily save an hour or so a day on the days that maybe, maybe more on on the days that I did planning. I don't think it probably saved that much, but

Speaker 1  12:23
how many days a week did you do you to in, like just recently? Did you

Matthias Miller  12:28
okay? So it's probably so it's an hour plus a day. I've, I have, I have yet to find a system, a planning system, that I can stick with more than more than a couple of weeks at a time.

Speaker 1  12:47
Okay, so what does that tell you about the planning systems?

Matthias Miller  12:53
What does it tell you about that that's probably broken? Oh, the system. I mean, I don't know. I have no idea. What does it tell me?

Speaker 1  13:02
Well, you've tried all these different systems, right? And none of them works. What's the common denominator here? B, yeah, so I get it. There are some planning systems that are more effective than others, but if you have in your morning ritual every day that you plan your day at a certain time, that's just an expected thing that you do every day at a certain time, then it doesn't matter if the planner is like effective or not. Sure it's an integrity issue. You do it because you said you do it right, and that's that showing up like that. That is what will shift your business.

Matthias Miller  13:53
So this is probably a dumb question, I don't know, but how do you how do you change that?

Speaker 1  14:02
Well, there's some Jedi mind tricks that helps you, like, get into the frame of just, you know, powerfully stepping into it and just doing it. But, I mean, so there's, like, some things you can do around it, but like at a core foundational level, it's the the easiest, the the most surefire way to shift something is to take action. Yep, which is why I had you document out all of the your your days. Yep, me telling you to do that and to write it in, in the detail, and I usually suggest writing an even more detail than that, because you have, like, a three hour block working on that client work. There's no way that you were working on that the entire time without, like, even, without even stepping away, like. Like stopping the checks to switch tasks. Was there any of that I make?

Matthias Miller  15:07
I mean, there's restroom breaks in there, but that was highly focused.

Speaker 1  15:12
Okay, well, that's good, but I would also be putting in the restroom breaks and things like that because they because there's there's a lot, there's a lot more going on than then we're trying to block those things out. So we'll have to be responsible for the fact that we wasted this time or that like you're, you're seeing reality now, right? Right? And as humans, we don't really like reality. We try to, we try to skim things over, and we try to, like, blame it on, like, oh, well, the planner didn't work. I'm saying we because I'm doing this too. I have my own things that I'm doing. I might have mastered this, but I have plenty of other things. And sometimes I fall, so I fall off the wagon too, and have to pick myself up again. And and even though I teach this, I still run into these. And the reason why is because knowing what to do is not enough to actually do it. It's you have to have there's a mindset shift that happens. Is true, which is why I had you you actually work through the the timesheets, because it creates a mindset shift. It creates a pain. So let me, let me, let me, let me just think what would be the most helpful for you. Because, I mean, I have so many tools. I don't want to, like, overwhelm you with things. But the biggest thing is just that you being the CEO of your life. You taking on the power of being the CEO of your life and this and as the CEO of your life and the business and of your business, you know, seven figure CEOs, you do want to, do want to grow to a seven figure company? Yeah?

Matthias Miller  16:45
Probably, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  16:47
Probably, what does that mean?

Speaker 1  16:54
It's okay. If you don't. It's like, Do you want a seven figure company or not? Just like, it's not, probably, it's yes or no. Yes, I do. Okay, so a seven figure business owner is deliberate with their time, yep, a seven figure business owner like you just practicing showing up as in that vibration of a seven figure business owner. Yep, even if you're not there, my business is not yet at seven figures, yeah, but I practice holding a seven figure vibration. And because I do that, I can coach other people that are seven and eight figure companies, because I'm holding a vibration and at a certain excellence of that. Does that make sense? Yeah, it does. So the biggest thing is just, is just practicing habits that a seven figure business owner would have, and that's how you become excellent. That's how you get there. Is you start acting like it, yep, yep. And most people at your place right there, this is, this is what you're dealing with right now. Is so common. It's like, it's like, resisting. I is resisting showing up in a certain way, sure, and then, and then, at the next level, you're resisting showing up in a different way. So doesn't really ever end, but it's understanding feeling with the resistance and like, see, feeling like, what does the resistance look like? Yeah. Like, you know, we just, I actually was just, I just did a retreat last week in San Diego. All my clients flew out for this retreat. And it was really cool, because we got a chance. We worked through this creating a reality process. And one of the steps is around like, you know, creating something, and then your resistance, or all the reasons why it's not going to work and and what was really interesting is that, like all of this resistance, they had kind of been hiding, and what had kind of happened is that their vision and the resistance was just kind of collapsed on each other, and by pulling the two apart and Recognizing the resistance, but first recognizing and everyone else. Everybody was like, look at your resistance. Look at how you're even standing. Like you can see the resistance in other people. But then when you can see it in other people, you can see in yourself. So, yep, like a big power move for you know, how do you how do you bring on the mindset of, like, planning your day every day is that you recognize when you're not planning your day you're in resistance, right? That makes sense so and and when you are in line with your vision, you're taking aligned actions with your vision. You're taking aligned actions with being a seven figure business owner. Yep, and I do believe that business you're running is definitely could be a seven figure business. You know you could do that. You could do that in four or five years, or even less, if you wanted. So, planning your day. Four. So then you could use the sheet that I that I gave you, the daily action planner, which I really like, or you can use the the note card approach. That's a really simple one too. Yep. Which one are you going to use? I um, I

Matthias Miller  20:26
think I'm going to use the note card.

Speaker 1  20:27
Okay. Well, you know what? It's fine. You just choose one, and, and, and then what time are you going to do that at every day? I um,

Matthias Miller  20:45
at 5pm every day, okay, perfect,

Unknown Speaker  20:53
all right. Now, what else did you say you had on here? That's

Matthias Miller  21:02
the second one. Was taking more intentional breaks, and I'm not Well,

Matthias Miller  21:17
honestly, like a five to 10 minute break just zoning out to music or something like that, to give my mind a break from what I'm focusing on is kind of what I was thinking. I know sometimes I do walks, but it kind of depends, okay,

Speaker 1  21:36
Lynn, okay, well, then that's just like recharge. Yep, recharge to music. Okay, good deal. And what could you have in your space to trigger you to remember to to take some breaks?

Matthias Miller  21:58
I don't know. I haven't thought about that. Try.

Speaker 1  22:01
See, because it's, you see what's happening here is like, there's a there's a mindset around it, yeah, I'm gonna do it. I want to do it. But then, if there's not some trigger in your physical space, like something, then it now becomes a willpower thing, instead of like, this planners price sitting here at the front of my desk, and I have to be doing this before I start or after, or at the end of the day or something, you know, so just thinking about that trigger, it could be, it could be Like, could be a timer. So I think

Matthias Miller  22:42
I'm my internet connection is, is dropping out. I think, I think a simple trigger is putting a I was standing desk, I have a tablet that I could put over where by my chair, where I normally sit down, tablet and headphones, and just have that basically set up there so that whenever I feel tired from standing, can actually sit down in the chair and and do that. Then,

Speaker 1  23:12
okay, all right, well, then the and how much more, how much more productive you think you'll be able to do be by adding in breaks. I don't

Matthias Miller  23:31
know. It's probably not a it's probably not an exaggeration to say I could, I could gain an additional hour of productivity every day. I think maybe I don't know, yeah,

Speaker 1  23:47
okay, well, that's good. So now it's, you're looking you're looking at it from that perspective, I'm getting up a little bit too. I'm not I realize I've been sitting down a lot today, yep. So one hour a day, then that's, that's another five hours a week, that's 20 hours a month. That's like over a month a year from getting up and stream charging in a way that it's actually, I mean, that's something you want to do, right?

Unknown Speaker  24:15
Right? Yep,

Speaker 1  24:19
okay, well, that's good. We're at 10 hours extra a week right now, extra productive hours. Not bad. Two tweaks. Yep, those seem like two tweaks that would be, like, enjoyable to do, too.

Matthias Miller  24:35
This is true.

Speaker 1  24:36
This is true, yeah. The point of this is to, like, be making some tweaks that are like, they feel good, that like energetically, like they add energy as opposed to taking away. That's what I think about most productivity things. I think they suck because they're like, they're like an energy drain. It's like. Yeah, kind of sucks the soul out of you a little bit. That's been my experience.

Matthias Miller  25:03
Yep, agreed.

Speaker 1  25:06
All right, so eliminate. This is a favorite one you said you wanted to eliminate and you weren't sure about delegating, delegating and eliminating are like, Power Hour and delegating and eliminating those are like, the top three ones that are like, like, blow your mind. Awesome. So let's see what we can do here. So what do you need to eliminate?

Matthias Miller  25:30
Well, I mean, this is a simple one that that i i realized over the weekend, or when I was doing this, this worksheet was, was eliminating, like WordPress updates and upgrades. It's a simple thing, but I get email notifications and assigning them to my assistant, which I've already done. I have. I stalled on handing off my email inbox because I was up to 300 emails, and last week, it drove me absolutely crazy, and I spent an hour or two cleaning those up, and I've now started 15 minute 15 to 30 minute sessions with my assistant until she can to clean up some of those to stay on top of some of those emails that she can take care of

Unknown Speaker  26:20
are these project management type of emails?

Matthias Miller  26:27
Some of them are, yeah. So scheduling is Go ahead.

Speaker 1  26:36
I said something that could be helpful is that to just remove all the project related to just to Trello. Move it all to Trello, if you possibly can.

Matthias Miller  26:44
Yeah, well, I have, I have Surprise, surprise. We have a bit of our own project management, nice solution. So I've been actively working to make my inbox not be a to do list. Okay, so I don't know if, well, yeah, I

Speaker 1  27:04
agree with that approach. That's good, that's good. That's, you know, you have a different you have a system for processing through and so they're not inbox isn't just a to do list. Another thing that can help to like, I recommend that my clients look at the inbox, not as like this drudgery. But I call my inbox my opportunity box. It's my opportunity box because, like every piece of new business comes through my inbox, like all of it's it the money flows through this thing. I have people emailing me about coming on podcasts. I have people emailing me about, you know, wanting to promote something of mine. I have, I have clients who requesting to give me testimonials, even, like, lots of awesome stuff in my inbox. So I call my opportunity box, and now I'm just like, I've got 300 emails. I have 300 opportunities coming into me. I'm like, that's exciting, and then that has the different energy to it, right? So anyway, that that might change how you just how you show up, about your email and and how you process through it, yep. So anyway, so you but it eliminate WordPress updates. You said, That's right, you've delegated those already. Yes,

Speaker 1  28:24
okay, so we'll just push slash delegate. Okay, what else should you not be doing?

Matthias Miller  28:34
I don't know. Honestly, I'm probably, I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  28:38
under utilizing her,

Matthias Miller  28:41
Yes, but I'm also not sure exactly what. I'm also not sure exactly what to hand

Unknown Speaker  28:48
off either. Okay, what is she doing right now?

Matthias Miller  28:52
She's doing a lot of she's only working about five to seven hours a week, and it'll go up to 10 in a little while. She's doing bookkeeping and and she's got one client project that that kind of an ongoing client commitment that she takes care of.

Speaker 1  29:08
And what is she like? How much are you paying her an hour? It's

Matthias Miller  29:14
like 1250

Speaker 1  29:16
Okay, all right, so this is something you can afford. About Where's her skill level?

Matthias Miller  29:26
What is she best at? I should say, Oh, well, she's best at I mean, she's great at numbers. She's great at proofing. She's a very task oriented person, so it's easiest to hand off specific tasks to her that need to be done either an ongoing or repeated basis. Research. Those kinds of things. Okay,

Speaker 1  29:49
research and all that. Okay, well, then there's so much stuff that you're not actually delegating off to her. So like, what are some things that you're doing during the day that you really don't like doing?

Unknown Speaker  30:02
Okay, so

Matthias Miller  30:09
I just realized I have a some work on a client proposal, or this a design project, design that I could easily hand off to her. Okay, are

Unknown Speaker  30:28
you already on my email list?

Matthias Miller  30:31
I don't think so. Okay,

Speaker 1  30:33
all right, let me send you this resource for rapid delegation list script. This will help you clear up your plate, get more done. This is a really great process that it's like, it's the bomb. I'm going to be honest with you,

Matthias Miller  30:52
actually, I think I've got this. You sent me. Sent this to me last time. Really? Okay? Email exchange, yep,

Speaker 1  30:59
oh okay, oh yeah, okay, yeah. That's a great process that I shouldn't be sharing for free, but I am. So I would, I would, I would be if you're not really sure what to delegate at this point, you know, I would just you could do the Chris Ducker has a process around this. He this might be a good website for you to look at too. Is like his Virtual Staff Finder, something like 101 things that you can delegate off to your virtual assistant. He has all sorts of great things on that website, ideas for how to delegate out to a virtual assistant. Yep. So I would those are some things to look at. He also has this thing you think about, what, what shouldn't you do? What you What can't you do? He says, Yeah. So you just put like or what, what, what I must do. So you break down all your tasks you do based on that, and just kind of, like, order them based on there's other ways too. I also like a mind mapping process. I don't think that where your business is at, it's probably ready for that just because it's your I think where your business is at just need to have, like, once you get clear around your offer and what the best way to provide it and and dope would definitely be able to help you with that. Then you'd be able to, you know, build marketing processes around that. Then you can build service delivery processes around that. And I'm not thinking it's going to take you very long once you get a good, compelling offer in place, you're going to be bringing all sorts of work, and you will hit that point very quickly where you can no longer service service the clients without having you leave. You'll need to be hiring people, for sure. So I'm not getting the impression that you have, you have a hard time hiring, like, with working with the team. It sounds like you've got, like you're you're hesitant, you don't know what to delegate, but I'm getting the impression that you're not resistant to it.

Matthias Miller  33:13
No, I don't, I don't think so. I think I probably actually lean sometimes. I don't know if there is a too far on this side, but I, yeah, my tendency is not to micromanage, and sometimes I probably leave people to their own devices too much, but I don't have a hesitation to to lift them. Okay,

Speaker 1  33:33
good, good. That's one of those things that you definitely need to get handle on as you're growing. So that's wonderful that you already have that I'm, I am. That's something that I, I see some people have more resistance to, let's just

Matthias Miller  33:49
say, right? Well, it's also part of maintaining sanity. So

Speaker 1  33:54
Well, I think you get that, you get your offer, right? What you're selling is really a great solution. So you're not, you're not gonna have a hard time getting to a point where your business is going to to grow pretty quickly. Cool, all right, so what else could you what else besides WordPress updates, like, let's, let's put it this way. Let's say you all sudden she's working full time for you. What are you gonna get? Going to give her?

Matthias Miller  34:32
So I can't tell if this is, like, this is me talking myself, if this is whatever. But like, if to me, like, if I had a like, the bottleneck right now is having a consistent flow of clients. And it feels to me like if I had a consistent flow of clients, or if I had a marketing system around that, that there would be a lot more, such as scheduling and other kinds of things that would make sense to hand off to her,

Unknown Speaker  34:55
yes, there will be but, but

Matthias Miller  34:58
that also feels like an excuse. Use to not find stuff. Now I'm just, quite frankly,

Speaker 1  35:04
well, what it from the time tracking? What did you find something? Were some things that you shouldn't be doing?

Speaker 1  35:16
Are there parts of the client work that you like, some lower level process, type of work that you could have her be doing? Yeah, there's

Matthias Miller  35:25
definitely, there's definitely some of that that I could have her doing. I have to be intentional about looking for it. But there's, there's definitely some of that that could be that she should be doing.

Unknown Speaker  35:38
Okay, so then

Matthias Miller  35:41
I don't think I'm utilizing her enough to do scheduling, and that's a little frustrating to me. I'm not sure exactly what to do.

Speaker 1  35:53
Um, okay, let me see if I can find something here for you. What's this bucket Four Hour Work Week guy. He has a good process for email. Tim Ferriss, that's his name. Yeah,

Speaker 1  36:14
here's a process for you on how to outsource your whole inbox. I'm just a film that keeps giving awesome. And you know what? This is, one that you just kind of have to be patient about. And it's totally worth it when you figure it out, and be patient that it's not going to be perfect, but at first, but you're going, you're going to keep on, it's going to get better and better. But more than anything, you need to have, well, just just follow that process from Tim and and that would really help, because you just, you just need to have, you just need to set them up for success. And what will happen is, after a while, you'll get to a point where you going in and scheduling screws things up. So you start just like, I'm not messing with this, because you bet,

Matthias Miller  37:09
yep, so it's worse, yep, exactly

Speaker 1  37:13
it is. And I actually was, I was on a conference and someone wanted to schedule with me. I'm like, I'm not even gonna, I'm gonna screw things up. I'm I'm in conference brain mode right now, and I'm just like, we're gonna have to schedule to get back.

Matthias Miller  37:25
Yeah, and that actually is a great point, because one of the things this is, one of the things I want to at least start tracking, is, is tracking billable hours that I put in. Because at this point, this is like, that's, that's kind of the major input that I have to control, and that's something that I could have her schedule around as well. Is that for her not to over schedule me and to bump, bump people back?

Speaker 1  37:57
Yeah, you know, there's, it's, it's amazing when you have an assistant that you have a full block of day planned, like, I actually I had like, a double booking or something like, a couple weeks ago, and it was like crap. It was like, I screwed it up. That was my problem with scheduling. I'm like, this is where, like, I created the problem. And when I created such a monumental problem, I realized that all those little mistakes that happened every now and then, we're nothing, and I'm just like, I'm just gonna shut up and let you take care of it, because then she went and cleaned it all up and rescheduled, like, a whole day of calls after a vacation. To give you an idea, I mean, back to back. And, you know, it's really nice just to be able to to not have that mental baggage of just being like, you know, Mandy's not available right now. She's gonna have to meet with you next week, and you don't have in it, you're delegating some of that, like that heaviness to, you know, like the mental healthiness, feeling guilt that you might be pushing someone off. So there's an energetic side to it, too. So how much time would that save you to be delegating the scheduling?

Unknown Speaker  39:14
Maybe five hours a week, couple hours a week.

Matthias Miller  39:16
I don't think it's well, I guess it depends how if, if she manages, she manage, manages, over commitment and what was the other thing, and some level of consolidation, it's possible it'd be that much. I don't know if it would, for sure be that much.

Speaker 1  39:42
Okay, well, this to me, and let's not even say that that's amount and amount of time I'm going to assume. Well, with the WordPress updates, like, Do you have a system where you can, like, quickly delegate things to her?

Matthias Miller  39:57
Yeah. I mean,

Speaker 1  39:58
like a Slack channel? All, for example, yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:02
I do have, I do have a Slack channel. But also to just do a ton of email. Just drop for an email and say, Hey, this is what needs to be done and etc. Like, well, you're

Speaker 1  40:11
having some email issues right now. I would keep all of your team communications out of email that will grow into a monstrosity,

Matthias Miller  40:19
okay, but here's the thing, I don't like, I don't like, I don't like how disruptive slack is.

Speaker 1  40:23
Just turn it off and just just check it when you want to. I sometimes go days without checking my slack. And you know, my team just knows that sometimes I'm not available, and they have access to my calendar, and they can see sometimes that I'm just busy, and sometimes I just, I just I just don't want to look at it. Sometimes I'll just, and they're, they're gonna be okay for for a couple days. They've got their tasks. They know what they're supposed to be doing. And if they really need me, they can, they can they email me, actually, if they really need me, they email me. And then you can keep the communications there, and they're available when you want to go into it. But yeah, it can be distracting. And I know it i i found it really distracting when they would start, like, I used to have her start like, eight o'clock in the morning, and then I'd start getting all these slack messages at eight o'clock in the morning. I'm like, oh, like, it was just blow my mind a little bit. And then I realized I'm like, first of all, I don't need to respond to those right now. I'm not I don't have to be available right now. And second of all, I moved her start time to be 10 o'clock, and then that just makes it a little easier. And then, yeah, so, yep, all right. So now we are at, like, really, you should be saving a lot more time with eliminating and delegating here, like the just because it's, it's so great to be able to delegate more so she's, she can start doing scheduling and that work WordPress updates. That doesn't take more than, like, an hour a month. I don't think so. If that each

Matthias Miller  42:01
that's just one of those things that's so frustrating for me to even think about.

Speaker 1  42:06
So So then, really what I'm seeing what's missing here for this staff? Does she have a job description of like, these are all the responsibilities she takes on. Like, things need to be updated this time. This, this amount of times per month or so.

Matthias Miller  42:24
Yeah. I mean, we've documented most, most of that stuff. I don't know that there's and there's a single, single place where they are. I don't know that we've consolidated them all into a single job description.

Speaker 1  42:34
Yeah, well, it's usually, that's the reverse. That's funny, because usually, as people have a job description, but they don't have the well, actually, now we see both, but yeah, so you need to have a job description that, because otherwise, what's the agreement that you have that you're even holding her to, like, if he's Without this agreement, you don't even know if she's doing a good job or not, and she doesn't either, right? And then you then you're just setting then she could use that job description for her to organize herself. She creates herself like a daily checklist, a weekly checklist, a monthly checklist, quarterly checklist, like, these are the things that she needs to be doing, just to kind of like, run the business on the back, on the back end. And that, you know that these are things that they're getting done, right? And if they're not written down, it's not it doesn't really exist. It's just kind of a wish, like, I hope she heard what I just said back there. Yep. So how much, how much time would you be able to save if you had a job description in place that listed off these things that she could do for you?

Matthias Miller  43:58
I i don't know like, like,

Matthias Miller  44:15
so documenting the existing things, I see that as valuable. I see that the ownership is being helpful. I think the biggest issue is writing a job description that includes additional things to offload. Maybe I'm completely missing what you're after with the job description.

Speaker 1  44:34
Yeah. So by the way, you're not the one who writes the job description as she does. So she she writes down all the things that she's already doing, and then you're going to go through and add things. And some of the things you might it might be that you're like, these are things that I want you to add like. So now, sometimes, as business owners, it's very difficult to take things. To, like, let go of things. I know, I teach people how to do this, and I have a hard time with it. And like, I like the team, literally sometimes, just like, they're like, prying it out of my like, death grip. But, and this is me, and I teach people how to do this, but there's still, like, an emotional attachment to it, so setting the intention of like, this is ideally what I want you to be doing, and and then having, like, break down a plan for how it's how it's going to be done, like, you know, this is what we're going to offload, this this week, and then this other thing next week. And, and what's going to happen is that, like, if she's, if she's a good, you know, project manager, ideally, that she's more like a project manager, then she's going to be looking at all, right, well, what, what? And then she can come to you and be like, Okay, I need this, this and this from you to be able to manage your email. I read over this, this blog post, and I now know how I can, I can do it. So I need these three things from you to be able to manage your email, so give it to me, and put the responsibility on her to come, to come after you, to help you with this. And you just, you just have, like, a conversation with her, and be like, You know what? I have you at seven hours a week right now. I'd love to get you to 20 hours a week, and to do that, I need to, we need to get some things off of our off of my plate. And I'd love your support with this. And say, You know what, honestly, I'm having a hard time letting go, and I really need your help. This is a conversation I have with my team, like, I need your help to support with it, with this. And then you come, let them come up with the solutions. They'll love it. Yep. So if this doesn't save you five hours per week, then you're not then you're missing a lot. It should. It should save you at least five to 10 hours a week. How many hours a week are you working right now? It's

Matthias Miller  46:58
probably close to 40 fluctuates. But, yeah,

Speaker 1  47:00
okay, so not like a but, um, that's probably just because you're not, you don't have enough projects that you want.

Matthias Miller  47:11
Yeah, possibly I also have, well, yeah, I also have limited energy to devote to this. But yes,

Speaker 1  47:18
limited. Do you have another job or something, or

Matthias Miller  47:26
no. So I'm, I'm involved in leadership in our church, which is a, I mean it's, it's not a, I mean it's, it's not really a salary position. And so there's some time that goes into that, and I think I mentioned this in the email as well. Also have been somewhat involved in in the local EDC, which I've been somewhat conflicted with as well, on whether that's the best economic Economic Development Corporation.

Speaker 1  48:02
Well, you know what I think when it comes Yeah, you had a question about that too. Like, how do you balance those priorities and all that? I think it when it comes down to it, does it light you up? Does it feel like something that you want to be doing? I mean, I my husband and I give a lot of our time to our church and but like the Economic Development Center, I mean, that's when it, when it moves more into, like, kind of business related that that's where you need to have I would look at it by evaluating it on, how is this adding value to my business? And if, if, if it's not adding value, how could you make it add value? How could you monetize some of the relationships you're building there? How could you get more referrals? Or, I mean, looking looking at, how could you get something out of it? Because when you're volunteering your business time for it, then you you need to look at it as a business decision, right? But, um, but personal stuff, that's you just volunteering at school, at the school for your kids, or at the church. You know, those are things you just decide whether it lights you up or not, and also look at how you can be more effective in that. Because you, as you know, in leadership in the churches, people are could be really busy, but they don't really know how to like run effective meetings and how to be effective, and you might be able to accomplish the same amount in half the time just by, just by being deliberate and organizing people around you. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  49:32
that's true.

Speaker 1  49:33
Yeah. So, I mean, that's those are some things that I have learned, and when I I will accept callings at my church, I'll be deliberate about how my time is going to be spent within that. And particularly, I like the leadership roles more, actually, because they you can delegate to people. And it's the little doer, the doer jobs that like you don't want to give them. You don't want to give me that. Job,

Matthias Miller  50:01
yeah, yeah, you're exactly right. And that's probably one of the, one of the biggest things that I brought to the table there, is that that push, good. Well,

Speaker 1  50:16
okay, so then, would you feel comfortable saying that you found you, you would be able to find five extra hours per week by putting together this job description and then and then listing out the things that ideally you want her to be doing, and then having her break them down.

Matthias Miller  50:33
Yeah, I think so. I don't know if we have time to get into this, but, but how like is, is is assistant versus project manager? Is that something that is a learned behavior, is that a natural aptitude? Is that leadership issue?

Speaker 1  50:53
That's a good question, and that's a it's a good question, and the a project manager is someone who has a lot of experience with that. It's there definitely are some natural there are natural abilities with it, and there are, see if I can find my here's one for Operations Manager, which is really similar. So Operations Manager is just like a project manager, like on steroids and gotcha and so, yeah, they have some certain characteristics around, like, how they how they manage and operate, and they just, they have some skill sets that, um, ideally you want a project you want, I wouldn't hire a virtual assistant for like, like, I'd like my assistant, assistant who didn't have some project management ability. Mine right now, I wish that she had a little more, she came across as she had a little bit more in the interview, and it was just good, but the wasn't as good as my last, my last project manager. But then again, my last project manager was just a little too high level, and I couldn't retain her. I actually, I ended up using her for consulting to give you an idea, like, you know, I just couldn't retain her because, you know, I can't pay, I can't pay somebody 30, $60 an hour for doing admin work. I just, I need someone to do admin work. So on, on some level, you know, you just have to know that there's some, you just, there's some admin work that needs to be done, and the higher lovely they get, they want to do less of that admin work. And, yeah, so just but, but, yeah, but finding someone who's really organized and has understanding of project management tools and being able to plan projects and being able to break down, like priorities and like prioritizing things and managing deadlines, and that's pretty much what they do, but I like a good project manager who can just kind of keep everything on track. That's I would go for. So I but you can have the virtual assistants that Chris Ducker, like I was sharing with you, the Virtual Staff Finder, his are more task oriented, and they're not, I don't think they're as good at like general they're good at general VA stuff, but not as management. And mine actually came from there, and she probably was the cream of the crop from from there, I made them doing a second round for me, actually, because I wasn't happy with the first round. Yep. So that's, it's, it's a, it's a very important role. And for you, I would get that role in sooner or promote who you have right now to that role. I just mean that, like, that's going to be your next hire problem. I don't know if I should say that, because you might have a developer role or something like that. Well, I

Matthias Miller  54:12
have developers that I can, that I can through partnership with my brother, that I can offload to, right? So that part's easy, and it feels like the project management, that's one place where I'm weak. She she is going to be capped about 10 hours a week, so she's never looking to move beyond that. And I've wondered about getting a hiring somebody, yeah, this comes with upsides and downsides, hiring somebody local, so that we can actually have have some of that office interaction,

Speaker 1  54:45
and I think, I think it's highly overrated. Do you think so totally, especially in the and challenge with local people is that they don't, they do not have a lot of experience with with with the. Digital world, like, right? Like, it's pathetic. I mean, I am. I'm kind of, I'm pretty appalled, to be honest with you, with how little experience that the general, in general, people in America have with with online world. I mean, overseas is blowing them over. Like, there, they got to get some skills here, or it's going to be a problem. Yeah, like, so that's been a problem that I've had in the past. So I've ended up the last two people in this role I've hired, well, I hired, I had the people I've hired in the States didn't work out. Let's say the people overseas did work out. And maybe part of it is it, like, if I'm paying them less, I can kind of justify it, like, yeah, it'll take you three hours to do one hour work. I don't care I'm paying, you know, but um, and that's part of it too. Is like, when you're managing people, you just kind of have to be like, get to a point where you realize that they're never going to be as effective as you. Probably right with some things and other things are going to be way more effective than you, yep, but it's just realized that the cost of them there, but um, yeah, so it looks like to me, we found you 15 extra weeks. It's 15 extra hours per week. Are you happy with this? Yep, do you believe this?

Matthias Miller  56:24
It sounds like a lot. I don't know where I'd argue with it, but it sounds like a lot, but I'm happy with it.

Speaker 1  56:32
So if you spent 10 of those hours, like Power Hour started your day off when you're working specifically on business development, how much more money do you think you could bring into the business?

Matthias Miller  56:55
I mean, I don't how do you attach a value to that? The

Speaker 1  57:00
fact that you're having a difficult time attaching value, because most of the clients I work with can attach to value pretty easily, because they because they have, they know how to bring a new clients, right? You can't. That's the bottleneck, right now, Yep, exactly. And it's blissful when you figure this one out, trust me, yep, yep. So all right, what has been the biggest takeaway for you? It's been the most helpful.

Matthias Miller  57:38
So what you said about resistance and probably the challenge with those program and sorry, you'd want to just one, also the project management issue, bringing that back to the surface, issue, abstinence. I absence, the what? Absence

Speaker 1  58:05
out the absence of a project management system. Yeah, yeah. For someone who may, who creates project management systems,

Matthias Miller  58:13
yeah, exactly, well, and, and, and maybe this is it feels like it's a weakness of mine as well. So that's why it's so much of an issue well.

Speaker 1  58:26
And you know what? You You don't have to have it be a strength. You can just hire someone who has it, and that's why you learning how to sell. It's like money fixes everything, fixes everything, because you can always hire someone who could do it. You can hire a consultant who can teach you how to do it like it's money fixes a lot of problems. Yeah? So, yeah, would you like me to make an introduction to dove for you? I mean, you

Matthias Miller  58:54
don't need to. I've actually interacted with him in the past. About it.

Unknown Speaker  58:58
Okay, well, then, okay, yeah, yeah, then good deal. Well, I hope this is been very helpful for you. Yes,

Speaker 1  59:12
do you know I really do like the business you're running, I think once you just get a little bit more focused around what you're doing for who it's like, this is gonna freakin take off. This is a good business. I literally am very excited about this business for you, because it's some businesses I'm looking at. I'm like, like, like, you're not really doing that exciting of work. There's nothing really here, but your business is good. It's a good business, so it's worth growing. This is definitely a million dollar company. Like, just, just keep at it. Learn to sell. Yep, you're focused, and this is gonna freaking take off. And I come to come back and talk to me in a year, or maybe even six months, once you figure this out. Because you Yeah, i. Yeah, what I have found, actually, is the guys that are, you say guys, because service has these software companies as that, like you can take off pretty quick. Yeah, you pray, take off pretty quick. And once you have, once you have, at least just like one person in place, like you can grow things so quickly, and it could get out of hand pretty quickly, too, though. Which is, I mean, which is, which is good, I take care of that all day long. Yeah, yep. Um, well, I'm actually trying to get into, I'm actually, do you have a moment? I want to ask you a couple questions. Yeah, definitely. Um, I'm actually getting into the market of kind of around the work that you're doing, actually, I'm trying to target the companies that do this, do exactly this, and I'm not sure exactly what they call themselves. And so I feel like it's serendipitous that we're talking because I think you might be able to help me with, with how I can reach out to these people and find them, because they like, they need my help, but I'm not sure, like what they even call themselves. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:01:07
I don't know if we know what we call ourselves. Some of the patterns are, I mean, I think it's pretty typical for

Unknown Speaker  1:01:18
I say that I uh, like, an example of a company that's maybe, like, it's like a year, a year or two ahead of you,

Matthias Miller  1:01:33
an example for me.

Speaker 1  1:01:34
No, I mean, an example of, like, what, what would um, what software are they using? What are they calling themselves,

Matthias Miller  1:01:42
right? Well, so we're a little unique because we're actually using, we're using a platform that's used, that used in the financial industry and okay and so, and we're building our whole whole business around that. But most of these would would be, you know, these might be SQL databases, SQL databases. They might be, it depends on the level of sophistication. If it is SQL, it's probably something like, like Microsoft SQL. I don't know how many, how many people do Oracle anymore. They may be, if it's, if it's kind of on the lower end. They may be doing my sequel, which is,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:29
yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:02:36
okay, I guess, I'm guessing a lot of them integrate with what. Again, there's tiers, and so on the entry level, a lot of them are integrating with, probably WordPress or Drupal or something like that, and building on top of that. On a more sophisticated level, there's people building on this is really naming technologies. I guess

Speaker 1  1:02:56
this is helpful, and I'm a little familiar with this. I used to be a web designer. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:03:08
and now I can't even think of it, but, but I mean another, another major, major technology piece in it is no JS, which is you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai