Matthias Miller  00:02
Matthias, so welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith and the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host, Kevin David critner, and before we dive in, I'm going to recap our three guiding principles. First, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. We believe that love is knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We're not here to win arguments, but to understand and third, we don't come with preset agendas. We let our conversations unfold naturally, and we follow where authenticity leads us. So pull up a chair, grab a drink. Let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So Kevin, today you mentioned something that's been a theme in previous podcasts, but I thought it was worth visiting, and that's centered around truth telling, and I had an experience this week where I got to sit down with an executive coach and get his insight and perspective on a project I've been working on, and I'd had gut feelings about it being, or I had there were signs of it being, you know, something being off about the project. But I'm a natural problem solver, very determined. When you put a problem in front of me, and he gave me just he was very, very honest. This is my perspective, but this is what I've seen, and this is why you're experiencing challenges with this, with this project. And he almost apologized. He was almost apologetic about telling the truth about it, right? And I was like, it was on Zoom, but if I could have, I would have reached the screen and given him a big hug, because the truth that he gave, he wasn't he wasn't demeaning in any way, but he was very honest, and it was a very powerful moment for me in Decision both in decision making, but also personally, to experience somebody willing to speak the truth. And before we hit the record button, you and I got started talking already about the peacemaking trade and trying exactly we tried to make a key piece. So anyway, I just wanted to open up our conversation with that,

Speaker 1  02:23
yeah. I mean, this is, this is a big, big topic, right? I mean, we could go 1000 different directions with and I'm sure we probably will throughout it. Yeah, I had an interesting situation this last week that I think kind of like plays into this. My niece and nephew wanted to, they want to move out, move out of their parents house, get a place together. You know, they're, they're early 20s. They're kind of getting their way going. And they reached out and said, asked my wife and I if we would be co signers for them on their apartment and thinking about and wrestling with it, and as my wife and I talked about it, it's like, it's not necessarily the CO signing part that gives me pause. It's kind of how the situation is playing out relationally between them and their parents, and at the end of the day, like I had to go back and say, you know, I'm not comfortable with this for these reasons. And it was very uncomfortable. It's very uncomfortable, because everything in me wanted to be like, Sure, you're starting your life out. I want to, I want to invest in you. I want to support you. But there was that piece, that gnawing piece, that something was off there, and I just had to say, I don't think it's the right thing right now. I think it's, it's, it's objectively a very good thing, big picture, but I don't know if this is the right time and for these reasons. And I'd be had to be very clear about the reasons why, and that was so hard, and I wonder why it was so hard. I was intrigued by that. I are very intrigued by it. And maybe it's, maybe it's this human tendency towards codependency, like, if we are just, I don't know if I've we've talked, we've talked about this, I think, but I think we have four inherent God given emotional needs. They are just with us. They're in us. I think it's acceptance, belonging, being known, and being loved. And then. Knowing. And I think if we were designed to receive those things from God and when, when the wounding happened in the garden, when trust was broken, we started looking, instead of looking to God for those things, we started looking to each other for those things. And inevitably, we're not going to be able to provide those things for the other. And so if we see somebody in front of us, and we want those four needs to be met, and those four needs are not being met, either explicit, you know, explicitly, or as a or unintentionally. I think we start to change ourselves to get our needs met. I think that's where the ego comes from.

Matthias Miller  06:03
When isn't there some, some place in which it depends how, in how self focused you are versus externally focused you are, and it can vary from situation to situation. Sometimes it might be, I recognize that you're struggling feeling accepted. So how do I adapt myself to allow you to not experience the heartbreak of, you know, a shattered ego, or, you know, whatever it might be, or if we're, if we're very self focused, I need to be accepted in this situation.

Speaker 1  06:40
Yeah, right. And I think if we're being brutally honest with ourselves, it's a mixture of the two. In any situation, I really want to be accepted, belong, known, loved, in the knowing, and then I also sense that that's what you want. And so there's this tension. There's this tug of war going on inside, and sometimes the self wins and sometimes the other wins. And I think depending on how that tension plays out over time, depends on which which place you flow from. So am I more self focused or am I more externally focused? Neither one is good. Purely, it's the balance between the two that were I think we're called to walk out. But how does truth telling come in the place come into the mix in that that's that dynamic,

Matthias Miller  07:39
right? Sometimes it's almost frustrating to me, but there's so many, so many of these things that could have held intention, and I think that's part of the definition of union. One of the things I found fascinating about attachment theory was that intimacy is not defined as closeness. It's the defined as the ability to negotiate closeness. Right? I need to be okay. I want to be you want to be close. I want to be I need some space. All right. How are we going to make this work? Like in similarly, we find this in in different tensions, like the reality has to be addressed. Care for you as a person has to exist, and in a lot of ways, it ends up being a negotiation between, how can truth have its way, and how can care for you have its way?

Speaker 1  08:32
Right? Yeah, and reality has to be addressed is, is a nice way of saying, reality is a wall you're gonna run into, and it hits. It hits hard. It's really hard.

Matthias Miller  08:50
Yes,

Speaker 1  08:55
oh man, yeah, and so yeah, how does that negotiation play out. I really like that, that view of it, like, how do you negotiate closeness? What do you what do you think that the sides are within that negotiation?

Matthias Miller  09:17
I mean, I always assumed it was, it was, you know, to people and just distancing, closeness, but, but I don't know, what do you

Speaker 1  09:32
maybe, what's being negotiated is each individual's Need for safety and security, each individual's need for comfort, right? And depending what your comfort level is, you're willing to accept more or less of whatever it is. So we were talking about this a little bit early, speaking of a specific purpose. Person we were talking about a risk averseness versus risk tolerance, right, you know? And so for me, like growing up and all my context and all my experiences to get connection, to negotiate the closeness, I became way more risk tolerant. I'm not saying that that's a great thing in certain times it's been horrifically bad, yeah, but I'm way more risk tolerant, whereas, you know, somebody else may be way more risk averse

Matthias Miller  10:39
when I don't think those traits are good or bad. Inherently. It's it's they're situationally, they are. Perhaps they're better outcomes to get based on one or the other, depending on the situation that you're in. But okay, so if you look at it from the frame of comfort, that puts a really interesting spin on personality, comfort and safety. Because extroversion, in some some sense, is I gain comfort and security by by the externals and by the and you can define this better than I can, but by, let's just very simple definition, being around other people. And introversion is I gain comfort and secure that makes me uncomfortable and feel insecure, and I find safety in my own thoughts, in in being separate from other people, from whatever the it's at least an interesting lens through which to look at some of those traits, right?

Speaker 1  11:35
Yeah. Like, you know, I often hear it said like my battery gets recharged amongst people, and my battery gets recharged via, you know, being in in my in a situation by myself, being more in solitude or isolation, or however you want to characterize it and and true, but let's look behind that. What is the mechanism that's charging the battery? To your point, you know, is it I gain energy from the external thoughts and feelings and interactions with others? Is it I get, you know, my my, my energy, my battery recharge because I've had too much of that external input, and I need to process myself. And we almost look at it as like a static definition, right? But it's really dynamic, like for me as a person. I think I've said before I'm very introverted, become less so over the years, but I'm very introverted, and I think it's because in any social situation, I'm observing and I'm taking in data, and at a certain point, the data gets to be too much, and I have to go away, and I have to process all the data. And then once I've processed all the data, then like, I can re engage. But that's just me. It's how I've learned to operate in this world. It makes me feel comfortable. Now, could I be in a social situation and not be collecting data? I could try, but it's just not how my brain works.

Matthias Miller  13:20
There's a fascinating analogy that came up yesterday, which is some of these traits, you know, observing things, high levels of creativity, high levels of ideation, to feel like a stream running, like, when you're observing people, like there's always, I mean, I found this happening to me last week as well. So, you know, just observing dynamics of in a group setting, who's talking to who, who's not talking to anybody, and really not feeling in the past, I probably would have felt a pressure to try to find some somebody to engage with. And I'm just like, I'm here, like, there's nothing wrong with me not engaging with anybody at the moment. But when you're in that setting, it's like you have, if you look at the data that you're collecting as a river, and it's getting like, and you have a dam in front of it, and there's this internal buildup of pressure until you actually have the time to process. Same with ideation. I have an incessant flow of ideas, many of them bad, a few of them good. And it's like, if I, if I don't do anything with them, I don't have any outlet. It's, you know, it gets damned up, and it's really, actually debilitating for me,

Speaker 1  14:46
right, right? And I want to be clear, you know, like, what we're talking about here. I mean, these, there are experts in this field and who study this for their entire lifetime. We are not them. We're talking about our personal experiences within this and so this is just our experience. So take it for what it's worth, that's fair. You talk, it's so funny. You talk about the dam and the river and flowing. I was talking to my spiritual director yesterday, and I had this realization I was out for a run yesterday morning, and gathering data as my brain does, and I'm running through things as I'm running, and there's all sorts of emotions coming up, and before I would want to either push those emotions away, or I would like to go fully with them and then run with them. And I would pray probably over the last 1015, years, I would pray God like take this away. Take this away. Take this away. And what I started to feel was, and it was a completely new thought. What if I just want him to purify that thought or that emotion or that that that memory, or whatever the case may be, and for the last couple weeks, as thoughts and feelings and things come up, I felt really led to be still and just Say the name of Jesus to rest in His name. It wasn't from me. It was from outside me. I know this for a fact, because my first response to that rest in the name of Jesus was, then, I'm not doing enough. That's irresponsible. I'm being lazy. I'm not handling my part, you know, like there was that tension within it. So I was talking to my spiritual director. He goes, say more about that, what do you what do you feel about it? And I said, immediately, this picture popped into mind, and I'm standing in this river, and it's flowing and the water is muddy and it's polluted, and it's all those things. And I had, like, a coffee filter in my hand trying to filter out all the pollutants and the mud and the silt and everything. And, like, there was spots of pure water after, you know, but like, the majority of what was going by was tainted. And the picture came up that like he's the filter, and it covered the entirety of the river, the stream. And what I was experiencing on that run was him asking me to allow him to be the filter that everything filters through him. And the picture was, there's this filter on, and I'm standing on the other side of it. And what's coming through is that that pure living water that he Jesus talks about in John chapter four with the woman at the well. And, you know, obviously references water everywhere else. But then the imagery of, you know, the the spirit hovering over the waters in Genesis and bringing order to chaos. And then the Red Sea being parted, and then the Jordan being stopped, and it not rain. At raining for three years after Elijah prays, and then he prays, and then it was all this water imagery. And what I felt him saying was, let me be the filter. Those feelings that you have are not wrong. They're not bad, but you've been treating them as they've been something to be fixed. What if you just allow them to filter through me? And how do I do that? Well, he started that process a little bit ago with, say, my name in the midst of this. And that was just like, Okay, wow. That's, that was such a revelation to me. And it was the it was, it was an arrow at the heart of, I think, my introvertedness of, I've got to gather, gather the data. I've gotta assess it. I've gotta observe I gotta make sure I'm safe in this space, and that's what was draining my battery. So am I truly an introvert, truly an extrovert, who knows the circumstances of my life have have been such that I am more comfortable being in small groups or in solitude. That make me an introvert, maybe. But how does how does that imagery, that filter, change that approach to life?

Matthias Miller  20:01
Yes. So I have a question, a series of

Unknown Speaker  20:03
questions, please.

Matthias Miller  20:06
I've been fascinated. This past year, somebody introduced me to the book the language of emotions, by Carla McLaren, and the basic premise of the book is that link that emotions are communicating something. Just as an example, confusion is communicating, perhaps that you don't have enough information to make a decision, or perhaps conflicting information. I, you know, I'm not. I'll be honest, I sometimes read books for the pieces I can get out of it. So I haven't, I haven't gone to the full depths of everything that she's written, even in that book, but it's a very interesting perspective on emotions. And so with your analogy, what does it look like? Because unfiltered emotions, in some level, end up having it's communicating something that has some level of self protection embedded into the messaging of what it's trying to communicate. But it doesn't mean that just filtering these emotions through Jesus, and maybe this is what you're saying, and we can explore this if it is but doesn't magically take the emotions away, but it purifies the message of what and brings understanding and insight to what the emotion is attempting to communicate to us.

Unknown Speaker  21:32
Right? Instead, exactly,

Matthias Miller  21:34
can you help break down further, compare and contrast emotions, how you experience emotions? What emotions communicate before Jesus the filter, or without Jesus the filter, and with Jesus the filter?

Speaker 1  21:54
Yeah, that's a great question. Well, certainly before, because I've had decades of experience with it, I'd feel something. And there was this. There was a tipping point. It was like, I can handle this, I can handle this, I can handle this. Nope, I can't handle this. And I'm sure I'm not the only one who's experienced.

Matthias Miller  22:19
Yes,

Speaker 1  22:23
yeah, and so that when I'd hit the tipping point, then it was like alarms going off, but you would never see it externally, unless you really knew me. I get really quiet, I get really introspective, and I'd get really isolated, even in the midst of people, because all of that calculus was spinning through my head, how does this fit? How does this fit? Where does this go? Where does this go? And I had to process it until I came to a conclusion. And not saying the conclusion was healthy or good or right, but it made sense up here, right? And so I would have to put it together. It's like building a house, like, like, there the foundation was that tipping point, and now this thing is here, and I've got to deal with it, and so I have to start building it. And I'm it's like matchsticks. I'm just putting together, you know? However I can to get a structure to be able to house this experience and there over time, I would it would be the emotion become less intense, whether the situation lessened in intensity or just time, or however you Describe it. But it would just, it would just be this matchstick house around this feeling, in this emotion, in this experience, and it would be just there in the background until another situation popped up that reminded me of those feelings. And then I'd have to revisit the matchstick house, and maybe have to add a second level to it. And maybe there's some houses that are like were meant to be one story houses, but are now skyscrapers. So that's what it was like. And there was all these thing, all these houses around, around, these emotions, experiences. So that was, to me, what it was like before. I don't know if that makes sense that that

Matthias Miller  24:31
description, here's another analogy. I don't know if this fits, but it's, it's almost like a, I mean, it's, it's almost like having your own little zoo of wild animals that that you're like, Okay, you can, like, if I feed the lion, you know, big amounts of meat every day, he's going to be fine, and as long as nobody disturbs him, then he'll just continue to live a domesticated life. But, but at some point. Um, if somebody rattles his cage, I'm gonna have to come running back there and figure out how to calm the line back down,

Speaker 1  25:07
right? Yeah, it's different good, like a like a forest fire, like, I can, I can, I can, I can get it down to where there's just embers, because I'm never putting it completely out, right? So there's embers, and I can kind of go away and do my thing, but then the wind might blow or something, it starts to flare up again. I gotta run back there and put out that fire. Yeah, that's what it's like. And, yeah, this actually ties in. I wrote a post recently about suicidal thoughts and that kind of thing, and I want to give a precursor here, like simply, you know, sensitive topic, and I understand that that this is a big problem with in our world, or an issue that a lot of people are dealing with, and want to approach it sensitively. But if you're not okay, listening to that, maybe fast forward for about 10 minutes, and then, you know, come back. But there was this journey. It was almost early 20s, where there was too many fires, and it's too exhausted from trying to put out the internal fires all the emotions. And just like I don't want to do this anymore, I don't live anymore. And as I, you know, talk to people and work through things, I came to in prayer and in meditation and wrestling with this, I came to the idea it's not really I don't want to live anymore. It's I don't want to live like this anymore, and in the people I've walked with over the years, anytime that topic has been brought up, and we've talked about it, and I've asked that question, is it I don't want to live anymore. I don't want to live like this anymore. 100% of the time it's been I don't want to live like this anymore, and that was a number of years. And so that got me thinking, Okay, what do I want to live like? Yeah, and it gave me this, this idea of perfection, not perfection, but of a place where I could live, where it would not be like this. So wasn't dealing with the circumstances, the situations here and now. It was, can I go somewhere and not live like this. And so for a long time, my intent was I just want to go home. And by home I meant heaven. I just want to be I want to go home, into that place, that ideal place, and that didn't deal with the feelings. It was still, I don't want to be here. It wasn't I want this to be over, but it was a longing for I want to be here. I want to be somewhere else, and then over time, at through prayer and through conversation, and that kind of thing I started to recognize, because I used to say I just want to go home. And by home, I meant Evan. And then over time, what that turned out, through prayer and conversation was, home is not a place. It's a person. It's I just want to be with you, God. Just want to be with you. And in that place, peace finally came, because I recognized here and now I can be home. I can be with him. I think that ties to the resting in the name of Jesus, like I can be home here with you. So I say that to talk about, like what I talked about before, as far as gathering data and observing and all that kind of stuff, to me, that was all about making sure there were no fires in in my area. And as I did that, there was so much data and it was so overwhelming that it was just like, I don't want to live in this data gathering, always assessing, always making sure myself say, like it's just too much. And there was a just a lack of trust there, completely and utterly, like I would verbally say, I'm a follower of Jesus. I trust him. You know all that, all everything that I should say, but what I was showing was that I didn't trust him, and I had to be in control, because there was never a authority in my life that I felt safe with. Uh, whether it was a parent or a boss or a coach or, I shouldn't say, Never, very rare. And the amount of authorities that were in my life who I did trust, who had broken that trust, just made me really hesitant to be, you know, in that position. And so that very independent mindset of like, I can't trust anybody, this is all up to me, led me to that perfectionism place where I had to be perfect to be safe, because it was all up to me, and if I didn't put that fire out, then it was going to rage and burn everything down. And eventually it, for me, it led to to very black and white thinking. And at the end of that was a real self loathing, because I couldn't be perfect, right? And I strive. And this is probably in the 20, early 20s, where this hit was, I was striving and striving and striving and striving to be perfect, to handle these things, to be able to put all the fires out and that kind of stuff. And then the realization was I can't do it. So instead of recognizing the falseness of the standard of perfection, I blame myself that I couldn't be perfect. And that's where that self loathing cycle came in and taken me 2025, years to start to break that apart and come to the realization that he is home. The peace is here and now, if I allow him to be the filter and purify the thoughts and the feelings and the emotions. There's a lot. No, I know, I just threw a lot out there. That's a lot.

Matthias Miller  31:54
I think, I think one of the there's like, a million different directions we can go from here, but one of the interesting things is that how you deal with this depends, in some level, to your tolerance for discomfort and the type of discomfort. And here's what I mean by that, there are people who are live their lives, okay with having embers, you know, ready to ignite. And it's like, you know, because idealism can, having some level of idealism can be, can really actually be painful. Um, how do you? How do you if you hold an ideal that can actually ever become reality, like, like, that's, it's, it's really hopeless, which is perfectionism, but, but the the too good to be true part of the Gospel is that even amidst a broken world, that you can experience union with Christ. And that's that is, that is a form of that is an ideal. And it doesn't seem, saying that that's an actual. We've actually think about it logically. It's, it doesn't seem, saying that that's a reachable ideal. And obviously that's, there's layers and depth to that, but, but the fact that we can experience union, is it I just like that discontentment that says I don't want to live like this led you on a search to say, What does life have to look like for it not to be like this?

Speaker 1  33:49
Well, I think what resonates here is, and I don't think we've touched on this yet, but the concept of the desert. Yeah, my desert was, I don't want to live I don't want to live like this. I just want to go home. And then home is a person that was that has been my desert, and it reminds me of Renee Brown in one of her books, talks about she's going on Oprah's show, I guess. Yeah, Oprah had like a talk show on her network, whatever. And the other guest on the the show that day was, Oh, God, what's your name? She wrote. I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. I can't believe I forgot her name. It's going to come to me. Anyways, she's in the green room. Brene Brown is in the green room, and she's talking with the. This person, and this person says she's talking about her life and her experiences, and she made this statement, and it stuck with me the first time I listened to it and read it and like it to this day, and I don't think it'll ever leave me. She said, I've spent so much time in the desert, I've become the desert, and it reminds me of Hosea chapter two. I'm going to call you out into the desert where I can speak tenderly to you, where we're going to become one, where you're going to recognize I am all you need. And that's the thing, that's the journey, that's, I think, the purpose of the desert, that, in that culture, at that time, the desert is, is death. If you go out in it alone, it's death. And this is a death that happens, the death of self sufficiency, yeah, like CS Lewis said, Hell is a monument to human self determination, yep. Like the desert destroys that monument, and you recognize that this is not up to you. This is about we. This is about us. This is about union. This is about collaboration. This is about oneness. This is about all these, the perichoresis, the mutual indwelling. That's what this is about. And as I sit here today Matthias and think about the journey I've walked through, I would do it over and over and over again, if I could get if, if I could get here. And I think the the desert inevitably brings you to the place where you recognize that home is a person that wants that has always been in love with you, has always had you, has been in union with you. You just haven't been in union with Him. I think that that's what the desert does, is brings us to this place.

Matthias Miller  37:18
I'm fascinated by what you're saying about self sufficiency, because jumping back to the conversation that I had earlier this week, do you don't know about that conversation was that that conversation was initiated by a mutual friend of ours, and I think, I think it's worth highlighting a little bit the pattern of the high standards of performance we place on ourselves. And we assume that if our life isn't the way that we think it should be, it must be, because we haven't set the bar high enough, right? And you know, as you look, I mean, just, just picking the example of financial, you know, the financial world, like,

Matthias Miller  38:14
strictly, logically, rationally, there's a lot of money in the world. If you're struggling, struggling with money. It's, it's just increasing the level of effort. There are people who will teach you this, that you just have to increase the level of effort. But it's also possible sometimes that you need to get up, you need to move over, you know, three feet, three miles, 300 miles, 3000 miles, you might have to situationally, and maybe it's means physical, physical relocation, but maybe it just means where you show up in the economic world, to move yourself somewhere else, and you can exert exactly the same amount of effort and experience twice as much benefit. And I think there's this shattering. It's it ties back to the idea of a shattering the the false perception of reality, shattering the the high standard as the way to to basically put push ourselves and realizing, I mean, it starts with a trust, if you want to apply this to not just spiritually, but also to the practical world, that there is a trust, that there is space for us in the world. I mean, it's where Jesus statements about the lilies of the field, that there's space in the world where we can just be and we can flourish and we can grow, but there's an incredible amount, but self reliance is one of the enemies that keeps us. Remember finding that place, and I mean just from the very simple. Perspective, I also another one of my great friend got some great friends in my life, messaging him last night, and he was asking very insightful questions, and I felt I gave him answers and I couldn't see where he was taking me. And at the end, he reflected, with one simple sentence, reflected something back to me that was incredibly insightful.

Unknown Speaker  40:24
So

Matthias Miller  40:32
I don't know how to tie all those thoughts together, but more than this lesson of letting go of self reliance is a deep one, and one that I feel like I'm in the middle of learning, learning not to learning to take a healthy view on what is it that I Do? Because even even you made a choice to allow to allow Jesus to be the filter for the emotions to be with him, there's a participation that you had. So it's kind of jumbled thoughts. I know that I can tease them apart, yeah,

Speaker 1  41:17
well, as I sit here today and look at it, and it may just be the function of today. We'll see over time, the decision I made is the only choice I could have made realistically now, there certainly are other choices I could have made. I made those choices for 50 years, but the choice I'm making today seems like the only choice I can make, and it's surrender. It's laying it all down. That's it had. Do you get rid of self determination, self reliance, ego, narcissistic tendencies, all that kind of stuff. You have to lay it down to lay every self protective measure depth, because Jesus says in in John, and I'm paraphrasing,

Speaker 1  42:36
if you try and hold on to your life, you will lose it. If you let go of it, you'll find it. That's it.

Matthias Miller  42:49
What is it? Is it okay? Maybe that it takes hardship and difficulty and running into brick walls to bring us to that place like I think sometimes we, we even in that space, we get really down on ourselves and on other people. It's just like, if you would just surrender, right? But sometimes, is it really that bad that it that that's what it takes?

Speaker 1  43:15
Think so. In fact, I think it's in this world. I think it's the order of things I'm going to run into that wall until I have a concussion, or until I recognize that I can't break through it. Yeah, and then when I'm exhausted and I'm concussed and I can't think straight, I'm in that place where Paul says, like I'm at the end of my rope, and it's a blessed place. Look at, look at the entirety of the the Beatitudes. Yes, right? Jesus says you're blessed if you're in this position, because you have no illusions about your self sufficiency, right? You have no illusions. And that's where the fullness of who I am can come into this relationship. And Paul talks about in Romans chapter seven, it's the cycle, the self determination cycle. Know the right thing to do. I want to do the right thing. I can't do it, you know? Oh, wretched man, I am right. Yeah. At the end, he comes to the conclusion, it's almost like a, like a gasping wrath of like, it's just like, Ah, thank you, God for Jesus. That like his conclusion, because he says it's, it's the it's the flasher. It's translated flesh in our, in our, most of our translations, but really that word is sarks in Greek, s, a, r, x, and it's more than just flesh. It's the coping mechanisms. They always having to be right, the life you've built to be self sufficient. Jesus came and destroyed all of that. You don't have to be self sufficient and where you don't have to take care of yourself. You never had to. But I'm here to let you know that I want to be with you. I want to partner with you. I want this mutual indwelling. I in You, you and me, US, in them, like I want. That's why I'm here, is to let you know that this is your this is your home. So it's the destruction of the ego. And how does this something get destroyed unless there's suffering and there's concussions and there's scraped knees and you know, Road Rash on your face,

Matthias Miller  45:43
yes and yes, I was watching a video last night of an individual who's a little bit of celebrity in their own space and talks very much about discipline, like, discipline is the answer to everything. And, you know, huge muscles, and, you know, posting big numbers for his, you know, his income, and and all this, all this incredible stuff. And it's like going around and asking everybody, it's like, what's your goal today? And what are you going to do today? And it has this moment where he, the commenters in the video pointed out this moment where he's talking to his wife, and there's this conversation, but he has to shoot the video, and so he literally turns away, leaves. She's she, she's finishes her sentence as he's walking away, going off to shoot the next part of the video, and they're like, you really do care Ellie. Like, the message is, very much I care about my family. Like, my family's important. That's why they're at work with me. And the commenters in the video were like, That's interesting. So I think there's two questions, like, like, what happens to a person when they double down on self sufficiency, first of all, and then, second of all, what is it in us that make us want to become like those people when They're in positions of leadership? Those

Speaker 1  47:22
are two great questions. Well, let's look at it. When you double down on self sufficiency, so you have this idea that I can handle this, I can solve this problem. I'm in control all that kind of stuff. And something happens that maybe gives a flicker of recognition that you're not in control, and you can't handle this, and you double down on on your control of the situation. What happens, just on a very human level? What happens?

Matthias Miller  48:02
Well, I mean, it's got all kinds of rippling impacts. I mean, it's, it's, there's some level in which you end up increasing the stress to yourself, which you invariably have to take out somewhere else, like there's always a cost to it in some some measure,

Speaker 1  48:31
there's gonna be a you're gonna have to sue that somehow. Yeah, yeah. It's been said that our left, our level of emotional health is directly proportional to the amount of truth we can stand in the face of and not run away.

Matthias Miller  48:48
Yes, okay, so

Speaker 1  48:50
if the truth is present in front of you that this is too much and I can't handle this, and then you double down, that's not standing in the face of truth and not running away.

Matthias Miller  49:05
But Kevin, you don't understand, when I doubled down, I increased my capacity, so now I am able to, you know, right? Um, but I think, I think one of the things that people also don't regulate, you know, what can easily happen is, is it becomes a self fulfilling kind of cycle that you get stuck into, because the power that you get by being that kind of person, the fame, the prestige, the adoration, accolades, all that stuff that can be the soothe to the in some way, this the soothing of the ache. Yeah, right. And so it can feel like, even though it's wrong, it can feel like I have finally arrived right, because the emotional, unhealthy function that I had to build upon to get to this place is soothed. So it looks like an answer, right,

Speaker 1  49:57
right? Yeah. And maybe there's those around you who look at it and go, can't be healthy, can't be good, but they're benefiting from the dysfunction I'm just thinking of like a CEO who constantly pushes themselves and pushes themselves and pushes themselves like think about what's her name, Elizabeth Holmes, the one who started the the the had the startup, and they were going to have these blood testing centers in CVSS or Walgreens or whatever. And they could, they could diagnose all sorts of things just from one drop of blood. Do you remember this story? I don't remember this story. It was all she just recently got out of jail. It was all a house of cards. She had built the system and everybody's bully she had gotten, she had gotten like, just faint, like famous politicians, famous people, to to invest into this. She had a board of directors and all that kind of stuff. And she had created this that working 20 hours a day, and the wheels are clearly coming off, and, you know, all that kind of stuff. And it was just this house of cards. Wow. And the question I there's a podcast about it, there's a book, there's a documentary, not a documentary, a TV show that was made about it. And I'm thinking the whole time, you people are very intelligent people, accomplished people. Why are you not saying something to her, because her dysfunction benefited them. Well,

Matthias Miller  51:47
and she's going to be she was the one who took the fall. Oh, she took the fall. I was looking online while you were talking like an 11 year federal sentence or something like that, right? Gracious. Well, and with that, I mean, it's, it's, it's people, it's, it's you, yourself, you benefit. It's, yeah, like you said, people around you. And I think it's, I mean, I think it's a story of Nathan the prophet going to David, and it's like, all right, I am going to couch this in a way that appeals to your sensibilities, so that you don't kill me now that you've just issued your own indictment, I'm going to flip it around and say, by the way, that was about you, not about the sorry. You know, we open the story, and so we have to. It's like, if you want to be a truth teller, then you have to make sure. I mean, at any time, it's up to us to take responsibility for our own health. But if you want to be a truth teller and a truth teller that doesn't get distorted and change your message, then you have to be willing to be emotionally healthy and become aware of when you're becoming codependent on other people, when there's something that they have that you benefit from, and and be very aware that it's like when these cycles are Small. Then like a, let's just say w2 wage rate, for example, nobody notices, right? And even if it's, you know, several million dollar company, nobody notices. But when it gets to be a large religious or or business enterprise and the machine. What's the difference between the two? Well, that's we weren't gonna poke that. We weren't gonna poke the Hornet's nose yet. Sorry, my fault.

Speaker 1  53:56
Let me put the ball on the tee, exactly. Like,

Matthias Miller  54:05
it's never, we're never too old for T ball, the the I love it like, like, that's where it becomes noticeable and becomes problematic so then, but it also feeds naturally into the next question, which is, why? Well, okay, it makes sense that people close to somebody like this would benefit like but why? What do we gain? And let's pick what, whether it's it's a celebrity pastor, whether it's a well, it's really any, any form of celebrities, celebrity trainer, business trainer, fitness trainer, influencer, influencer, anything like that. What do we as individuals stand to gain from their self reliance and self defense? Tendency, what's that? Wow,

Unknown Speaker  55:06
sense of belonging.

Matthias Miller  55:10
Yeah, and it's not always true, but sometimes it can be. It can be as simple as just vicariously living through somebody else, and even just living with that hope is really addictive, even even if it's false, whether it's false or not, right? And so just the I feel like there's a lot of messages around being anything, yeah, yeah. That gives you, you know, it helps soothe the pain of where you are now, and, and in the religious setting, it's the promise of a miracle that you don't even have to do anything like, things will just magically get better. Like, and, and we as people, unfortunately, there's a I don't know that this is the best, I don't know that this is the best term for it, but, but we have these kind of primal ways of thinking and and as much as we as much as we develop a level of sophistication, you have to admit that we're all susceptible to the message that there's an easy way,

Speaker 1  56:28
right, right, A more comfortable way doesn't cost me too much. I

Speaker 1  56:43
yeah, my grandmother used to say, anything that's worth having in life is going to be a struggle. And it's obviously a paraphrasing of all the way back to Solomon and proverbs and, you know, all, all throughout any, any sort of wisdom that that's been gained. But I remember as a young boy wanting to take the easy way. And she watched me a lot when I was young, and so, like, it still sticks with me. And this was over 40 years ago, one take the easy way, and she would look at me. She said, You could do that. But what's the outcome of that? What's the, what's the what do you get from that? And obviously, as a young child's like, well, I get what I want, so what's the problem?

Unknown Speaker  57:50
And she'd respond, you may get what you want, you may also get what you don't want, and you don't know that now, someday you'll learn, and that has been foundationally true for me throughout my life.

Speaker 1  58:09
I think of the the Abraham and Sarah story. God promises them they're going to have a child. He's been the father of many people this great nation. They're waiting. They're waiting, they're waiting, they're waiting, they're waiting decades. Is this going to happen? When it's going to happen? Doesn't happen, doesn't happen. Finally, Sarah just gets overwhelmed, done and she goes just sleep with Hagar, please. You're made in that culture. At that time, a child of a house servant was like a child of the the the owner just go, just go sleep with, with Hagar, so Abraham does. And how's that story turn out, something about this patience on waiting on the Lord, on taking the the path laid before you, and it inherently requires patience. And I think we see that as suffering, and maybe legitimately it is the patience, but it's really fighting against that I don't get what I want, when I want it, how I want it. So what happens to David? Right? You go back and you read the story, he's up in the middle of the night, walking on his his patio, whatever you call it. There's some longing inside him that needs to be fulfilled, some poll, some unaddressed thing that has happened within him. And not to assess somebody from a distance, but he sees that she was like, tells his guys, go get her, bring her back. I. The King sends for you, and you don't come with him, there's going to be consequences to that. So she's brought back. He lays with her throughout the night, all that kind of stuff, like, like, there was something inside him that he didn't trust the Lord with, that he had to fix, and it got him into a situation where we would probably classify that as rape, no. And maybe objectively it is. I mean, we weren't there. We didn't see it. We don't know what happened, you know, that kind of thing. But objectively, something really nasty went down really horrible. There was something inside him that was longing that he didn't trust the Lord with. I think that's the same for all of us, right? There's some there's a longing inside us. Maybe it's for healing, maybe it's for financial provision. Maybe it's for a sense of home. You know, that sense of home that I talked about in me, like that process, there was a certain point where sense of home became a person, and my hope was this person would fulfill this for me, just the wrong person. It wasn't wrong, per se, just the wrong person. Yep, it's him. It's him. That's home, and I think it requires the suffering of Do you coming face to face with the truth of what's going on inside us, and being willing to stand in the face of that fire

Matthias Miller  1:01:49
throughout this I've been thinking about the question of like the path you're going to experience difficulty, but there's good kinds of difficulty and bad kinds of difficulty, because, I mean, also, prior to recall, we're talking about, you know, briefly, about conceptual versus tactical proclivities, like, do you prefer to turn wrenches or do you prefer to tinker with numbers, whatever the thing is, and, and you can work hard at something that is really difficult for you, and you can justify it by saying, Well, life is hard, right? But part of the if you want to kind of slice through it, there's this embrace, this ties back to we were talking about earlier, there's this embracing of reality, like, can you accept the fact maybe you need to be a different kind of person? For some reason, it's very common for people like you and I to need to be somebody different, because of an expectation that we have of what our dads want. Wanted us to be right. Can we surrender that need and stand in the face of suffering, that need suffering the the death of that fulfilling, that desire to allow ourselves to move more closely to reality? I wanted to be this kind of a person, but this is, this is the reality of where I make my greatest contribution to the world, even at the loss of whatever it is I stand to gain,

Speaker 1  1:03:34
right, right? It's fascinating. You bring that up, fascinating. That's an overused word in our meetings. Because I think, like my dad, he got married really young 20. My mom was 18, started having kids within the first year, never got to finish his degree. Alt was, was just a few steps away from from finishing his degree. And had kids went into business. He was a mechanic. He owned gas stations, you know, all that kind of thing, very, very successful. But he wasn't what his dad wanted him to be. This is my opinion, outside looking in, not saying it's objectively true, my opinion. And so he put that on to me and my brother. You either wanted to be a doctor or a lawyer, as the narrative goes. So my brother's the doctor, and been very successful. So proud of everything he's accomplished and, well, you know, he's done so much, so that was left to me to be a lawyer. So the narrative from the very beginning was like I was supposed to be a lawyer. And you know, it was always reinforced. You can argue with a wall. You never think you're wrong. You know, all all the backhanded compliments that you'd be a great lawyer. Yeah. Yeah. So I remember, you know, graduating with my with two Bas, you know, and then the next step was going to be law school. So I applied to law schools, got into a bunch of law schools, went, decided to go to one that was local. And long story short, I'm sitting in the orientation for law school group, just a massive group of people in this big room, and they're talking about all stuff, and I'm like, the whole time I'm thinking, like, I don't want to be here. I want to be here. I just pictured, like, 16 hour days and arguing in court and like, I just, I I don't want to do this. So we break up for lunch, and then they had us in our cohorts, you know, one our faculty advisor, took us out to lunch, and we're sitting at this pizza place and going around the table, what kind of law do you want to practice? And like, I'm the last one. And she gets to me, and she gets to me, and she says, Well, what kind of law do you want to practice? And I looked at her, I was like, I actually don't. I don't want to practice law. I'm here because my dad wanted me to be a lawyer. And I stood up and left, and nobody said anything. And so I walk over to it was a short walk to the law school, and I walk over the missions office, and I withdrew and went home. And the hardest part Matthias is I had to tell my dad. So I told him, my mom was there, my dad was there, my brother was there, and I told him, and the look on my dad's face was like I had just walked over his grave, wow. And he didn't talk to me for in anything other than cursory surface level, you know, stuff, for probably two months, two to three months, wow, yeah. And they they blamed my my girlfriend at the time, who's not my wife. The narrative was never directly to me, but the narrative was it was her fault. She was in a hurry to get married, and I did it because, you know, she wanted to get married, which nothing could be further from the truth, because she incur she encouraged me to go through with it, you know, all that kind of she's like, Are you sure? And I'm like, I'm sure, you know, all that kind of stuff. But that was the narrative, because they couldn't take the responsibility of a, it was, it's not what I wanted, it's what you wanted. And be that it just wasn't, it wasn't the path for me, like I saw something else, and it took years and years and years, and my dad and I finally got to a resolution. But it took years and years and years, and took me, like, sitting before him and having the courage to say, I didn't want this. I didn't want this. That was your dream, not mine. And over years, you know, it finally came to resolution. But the interesting thing is, is it took my dad being sick, he had cancer for about 15 years and was in remission, and then he got bone marrow transplant, and that was a whole nother set of circumstances that would actually end up at the end. He ended up dying from the complications from but he was, he had just had surgery because he had, he had he had a tumor growing in his brain, so he had to have this really complicated brain surgery and that kind of stuff. Wasn't sure if he was going to make it, but he did. And I remember visiting him in the hospital, and it was in that conversation where we finally came to peace with each other. It was only after that it was always still, and that was 20 years later, wow, yeah, and so that, that was the that was the who my father wanted me to be. Oh yeah, wrestling with that.

Matthias Miller  1:09:20
Well, think of the level of pain throughout the generations like and it can be very easy to be because, as a parent, you're the one with the power. And it's very easy to we if, if you have a certain need that you want to fulfill, to manipulate your children into meeting that need for a period of time, I need to be seen as a good parent. Whatever that definition is, I need. I have this expectation, you know, whatever all these things we're talking about, I. But if you think about the generations of pain that had to persist to get to that point for to say that, Kevin, I mean to to even hand out those types of compliments, I mean, clearly the podcast we we took the wrong angle with, with not, not encouraging more debate and combative, right?

Speaker 1  1:10:30
Well, you look at like generational, you know, called generational sin. I mean, I think if you go all the way back to the garden, it's generational wounding. There's just a wound of separation, because you know my dad, you know making his choices, getting married, having kids early, he wasn't what my grandfather wanted. My grandfather grew up in Michigan, left the farm and popped trains out west so that he could join the Air Force, which his parents didn't want him to do. Like, there was this, this pattern of of woundedness, yeah, that, as I was completely unaware of it, until I started, you know, investigating, okay, where does this come from? Wow, you know, and it seems like at least in the people I've worked with, like, like, God places a mantle on certain people within a family and says, it stops here with you. We're going to deal with this generational woundedness. I don't know why he chooses it. I don't know how it's not gender specific. Sometimes it's female, sometimes it's male. You know, who knows how he chooses it. But it seems to me, certain people he goes stops here, yeah, pattern of wounding stops here. And that person, and maybe this resonates with people who are listening, and maybe even with you, like that person who the mantle has been placed on, where the generation wounding stops, they have to experience the suffering, not only of their not only their own, but the suffering of the generations. They have to face that head on. Yeah, and Matthias person viscerally

Matthias Miller  1:12:23
felt that as you were talking about it, it's like all the pain. It's, it's participating in the sufferings of Christ. It's like all the pain of the wounding. It's like, I mean, it's like the dam again. It's like all the pain comes rushing up against the dam. And if you're going to dig in, you're going to say, it's going to stop here. I'm not going to pass the blame the pain along, the wounding along, like there's a beating that you and

Speaker 1  1:12:47
I look at it, yeah, and I look at it as far as like addiction goes. And like, take that context, you just said generations of pain, and you're the one that has to stand in the face of that, deal with that, that kind of stuff. Maybe that's a that's a key point of where addiction comes from. Because think about that, that pain and the the inclination, the desire to numb it, yeah, to just be free of it for a short period of time. Yeah, whether it's alcohol, whether it's drugs, whether it's sex, whether it's money, what, whatever it is like, the inclination to do that, to numb it that way, is intense. Yep, I get it. I get it. I get it,

Matthias Miller  1:13:42
and I think, I think one of the biggest things that I have found lacking is in me, has been a lack of compassion and understanding for what brings people to the place that they're in and if you really understand the story, the generational story, like understanding the generational story has been really helpful for me, healing for me. It's reframed how I view my parents. It's reframed how I view my experiences, and we take, we can take such a simplistic, dismissive view on mental health, on addiction, on all of those types of things, but if you can see the story, things start to look very different. Well,

Speaker 1  1:14:40
I was talking with a friend yesterday before, and we were talking about this topic, and at some point, either he or I made the statement, I'm not sure, but like we as human beings, like black and white answers, black and white stories, and to walk through a process that. You're talking about. You have to be willing to see the subtlety and the nuance. You have to be able to walk in the gray, because every human being is shades of gray. And yet we want to characterize somebody as black, evil, dark, horrible, whatever, or white, perfect and undiluted and pure. And none of us are that right. All of us have blood on our hands. And for you to come after somebody is to pretend like you don't. You don't have blood on your hands. Now, if you have sat down and listened to somebody and heard their story, and you still want to come after them, sit down for another couple weeks with them and continue to hear this story, yeah, it's just not how God designed the world to operate, and yet we do Yeah. We do

Matthias Miller  1:16:13
Yeah. There's a discomfort gray. It's very difficult to make decisions inform judgments without clear winning factors or arguments, right? Or you have to, and if you're not data driven, then you have to just use your personal preference, which is even more arbitrary. I just don't like like the guy or gal like,

Speaker 1  1:16:39
but I pretend like it's not arbitrary,

Matthias Miller  1:16:42
right? Well, of course, I mean, and of course, objective truth. It's objective truth. Gracious, yes, and the people most us, even even us, can we admit who seek not to be judgmental can be the most judgmental about the judgmental. Yes, yes. Been very guilty of that, me too. And so here in gracious I think we're ending on a very like this is not a very comfortable spot to end, right? There's a lot of loose ends here. There's a lot of loose ends. And there's

Speaker 1  1:17:32
a reminds me of James and John. You know, they're they have this inner Jesus when they have this interaction with some Samaritans, and doesn't go so well. And they look at him, Go, should we call down fire from heaven on them? I could just imagine she's like, do you know me? Have you been around? Have you been listening? Like, no, that's not what we're going to do in this moment. Like, really, that seems like a good idea to you.

Matthias Miller  1:18:07
Maybe we can pull maybe there is a thread. Because if there is this thread, we open up by talking about truth, and we're wrapping up with also with truth. Which is the truth? The truth of to be being willing to share reality. What is reality? Being willing to face reality, being willing to learn from the pain of running into reality, but then also being willing to understand what has been reality for other people, right? And you have to be willing to be on both sides of the truth line, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:55
Have you ever seen this show, Ted lasso?

Matthias Miller  1:18:59
I don't believe I have no okay.

Speaker 1  1:19:03
I love it. Some people don't, whatever. There's this line where the main character is talking to his therapist. He's just had panic attacks and breakdown, and he's starting to dive into, you know, why? That is the story, right? And his therapist makes this decision, and she's echoing Jesus in this she goes well, because he talks about the truth, and she goes, Well, you know, there's a thing about the truth. It will set you free, but before that, it'll piss you off. You'll have all sorts of feelings about it. Yes, yeah. And so like, there's this gap that Jesus says, Abide in me, I will abide in you, and you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free, well, in a very Jesus Rabbi sort of way, he doesn't tell you what happens in between. You will know the truth, and it'll utterly tear you apart, and it'll destroy you, and all these things, you're going to have all sorts of emotions in that. And that's the setting free part, and I think that that's what we're wrestling with. We want to talk about truth. A lot of people want to talk about truth, okay, I'm totally okay with that. But what do you mean when you say that? Right? What is true.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:23
Truth is reality. Truth is what is, if you can't stand in front of what is, you're going to

Speaker 1  1:20:32
have a problem. Yeah, the only option you have at that point is to live in fantasy, what should be, what could be, what would be. It's just a lie. We want to talk about lie. Let's talk about the very fundamental level of what lie is. Lie is fantasy, living in what should could or would be, and how we're willing to manipulate to make that should would or could be reality. Yeah, and we all have to own that all afternoon that, because we all do it

Matthias Miller  1:21:19
just kind of kind of a weird Stockholm syndrome that we get with falsehood, fantasy force.

Speaker 1  1:21:30
Well, like for me, one of the foundational lies that I experienced growing up was I remember this so clearly, you're going to love this story. So I'm eight, nine years old, decided to get baptized. I don't even remember if I made the decision, if my parents said it was time, whatever the case may be, but it was in our pool, in our backyard, our pastors. There a man that I just absolutely love to this day. He's passed on number of years ago, but still he's kind of in the pantheon of my my people. He baptizes me, and I remember so clearly coming out of the pool, drying up, and walking out front to the front of our house and standing in the driveway and going like, now, everything's good. It's great. From here on out, no problems, no issues. I've publicly declared what I believe in and who and as an eight or nine year old, as much as you possibly can do that, I was like, it's good, but that lie seeped into me from my experience that you choose to follow Jesus, you get baptized, everything's good. Now I can't tell you if anybody ever explicitly told me that maybe they did, maybe they did, I don't know, but what I internalized was it's all good. That was a lie, that's a fantasy that was sold to me, and I bought I'm not a victim here. I really wanted that to be true, yes, yeah, just isn't,

Matthias Miller  1:23:02
just isn't, just isn't.

Speaker 1  1:23:10
Wow, wow, where did where did we go today? Where did we go today? Where did we go today? I don't have to write the episode description for this one.

Matthias Miller  1:23:21
That's exactly right. That's exactly right. Well, to those of you guys listening, you can you can tell our journeys take very we explore quite a lot of territory, exactly so thanks for going along for the ride, for the journey with us, and we'd love to hear from you. Drop a comment. Love to hear your feedback. Subscribe and we will catch you on the next one.

Speaker 1  1:23:51
All right, thanks, Kevin, thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai