Unknown Speaker  00:58
Hola, how are You, sir,

Matthias Miller  01:04
it's good.

Speaker 1  01:06
I just saw the strangest thing on shed haulers forum, on

Unknown Speaker  01:11
Facebook, okay,

Unknown Speaker  01:15
Pine Hill filed for bankruptcy.

Matthias Miller  01:17
Did you see how that whole thing went down? I don't know anything about it. Is that true? No, Sam, so, so Jake Byler posted anonymously. Sam Byler was like, I'm giving you 30 minutes. Doesn't say what happens in 30 minutes, 30 minutes later, screenshots who it was off of the admin view and calls Jake Byler out by name of like, why are you doing this? I'm like, and then one of the guys, somebody commented saying that it actually made it on a podcast episode. Talk about drama, man, worse than

Speaker 2  01:54
bunches. So, okay, this is the, this is the first thing I know about what happened. Okay,

Matthias Miller  02:02
Jake Miller posted this anonymously in the group. Said I heard pine Hills going bankrupt, and Sam Byler jumps on and he's like, I'm giving you 30 minutes on this post. You're doing this anonymously. I'm giving you 30 minutes. Doesn't say what's gonna happen in 30 minutes. In my head, I actually saw it soon after it went out, and I was like, Oh, he's got deleted or something, nope. Instead, what he does is screenshots. Who posted it drops it in the comment. It's like, Yep. Hey, Jake, you're not hiding anymore. I'm calling you out. You posted this thing, turns out, so here's what I don't get. How passive aggressive can you get?

Speaker 2  02:47
Like, well, Amish and Mennonite people, they can get very passive aggressive. But what? What's the deal?

Matthias Miller  02:55
And apparently, some podcast, somebody mentioned a rumor, and it was never edited out of the podcast, and there's somebody on the thread, presumably associated with Pine Hill, who's like, this is complete bunk, like there's nothing to it. We're not going bankrupt. Somebody said something on the podcast never got edited out. Now I don't know the details.

Speaker 1  03:19
I would Why did you say a bunch of, a bunch of middle school girls? The drama? That's exactly

Matthias Miller  03:25
what it's worse than that. I'm not even sure middle school girls could be this dramatic. I just felt like I was really mad at Sam. I was like, That is the most that is low.

Unknown Speaker  03:36
Hey, Give me. Give me One second. Leanne's Calling me. I

Unknown Speaker  04:27
Okay,

Matthias Miller  04:31
yep, I can hear you.

Unknown Speaker  04:34
Okay, all right, yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:36
anyway, fun, fun times,

Speaker 1  04:40
drama, drama, drama. You know, I am more and more convinced that people thrive

Unknown Speaker  04:45
on drama.

Matthias Miller  04:48
Well, I think, I think it scratches a pretty deep itch. Here's, here's the very brief version of. Is without taking too much of a time here, but the measure of emotional health is not original with me, but the measure of emotional health is the size of truth you can stand in front of without running.

Unknown Speaker  05:15
Whoa, hold on a second.

Speaker 3  05:19
The measure of emotional health is the size of truth.

Speaker 1  05:27
Okay, what is this? This? Is this something you just made up? Or you

Unknown Speaker  05:31
you're quoting, quoting? Who are you quoting?

Matthias Miller  05:36
My buddy, Kevin, who's my podcast co host. Hold

Unknown Speaker  05:40
on. I want to switch off my headphones one second. All right.

Unknown Speaker  05:55
Okay, can you hear me? Yes, I can. All right,

Matthias Miller  06:01
so my what I think happens is that people are unwilling to deal with, however you phrase it, they're unwilling to deal with their demons and drama. Drama is a way to soothe that I

Speaker 1  06:38
you know, I didn't sign up for this much emotional feelings this morning. So

Matthias Miller  06:44
let's come on. Been right along. All right, let's crank man.

Speaker 1  06:54
I wasn't saying I'm not scared of it, but it's just like, oh goodness. Like, that's a that's a boatload this morning. All right,

Matthias Miller  07:09
so let's go back agenda email.

Unknown Speaker  07:22
I thought you'd be impressed that I could get a an agenda

Matthias Miller  07:25
I was, I was like, Yes,

Speaker 1  07:32
from the mountaintop, you should be doubly impressed that I not only, not only did I do this. Not only was I working on on calculation of late fees and due date stuff, but I went and documented it in the wiki and as like, you know what if I'm gonna, if I'm gonna do stuff, if I'm gonna, if we're gonna write some of this stuff down? Well, good gracious, let's not lose it. Let's put it somewhere where we can use it in the future. Because I going to need it in the future anyway, because guess what? Good old RTO pro doesn't have it doesn't have an explanation like this. Gracious,

Matthias Miller  08:16
all right, so we got two date cycle methods. Why would we want that? I mean that just seems overkill to have documentation so fixed periods to fixed due date. Typically the first month payment impact. Partial payments reduce the contract balance, but do not advance the due date. The due date moves to the next month only when all amounts due for the current month are paid in full. Due Date is first 500 is due. Paying $300 reduces balance but keeps the due date unchanged. Paying the full $500 do

Matthias Miller  08:48
you want to say IE and additional $200 in the given example,

Unknown Speaker  08:56
may say that, do

Matthias Miller  08:58
you indicate paying the full $500 IE is that it was too much?

Unknown Speaker  09:02
It would be, yeah, it would carry a balance of 200 Do you

Matthias Miller  09:10
want that in there? Is that just confusing?

Speaker 2  09:13
Um, just confusing. Uh, not necessarily.

Unknown Speaker  09:20
Leave it there for now,

Matthias Miller  09:23
floating due dates each day,

Speaker 1  09:25
saving refresh. Or can you save so I can refresh,

Matthias Miller  09:34
dividing the monthly rent for the number of days?

Speaker 1  09:37
Okay, before, before we leave fixed periods. I started to write this. I started to write this, but then it's like this turned into an explanation we will need for for settings for this whole fixed period and floated floating due dates for fixed periods. We will need to have fielding that says, if you, if you've set the contract for fixed periods. Then we will have to have some sort of fielding to say this is the date that we are sticking on,

Matthias Miller  10:06
day of the month. Yeah, day of the month. And then if it's weekly, do you do day of the week?

Unknown Speaker  10:15
That's fair.

Matthias Miller  10:21
And then I'm just, I'm just

Speaker 1  10:23
not nothing to nothing to get a feeling, yeah, yeah. So go, go through floating due dates.

Matthias Miller  10:30
Okay, this makes sense. Partial payments events needed based on the dollar per day value. The system divides the payment amount by the daily value. Determine how many days the due date moves forward. $5,000 product on a 36 month term with a mint due on January 1. The Daily Value is sub this rounded to 747, for January, February, one, it's rounded to 827, if the customer pays 115, yields, 15.39 okay. Is it always rounding down, or is it rounding to the first

Speaker 1  11:06
so the concept, and I didn't specifically say this, but basically, when on floating due dates, we still have the concept of a locked period. And the lock period goes to a day, so that if you don't pay an entire full day, then we're gonna, we're gonna, you know, we're gonna take you back to the last full day,

Matthias Miller  11:29
right? So if you don't pay, in this case, if you pay 746, you're still screwed.

Speaker 1  11:34
Yes, correct. Now, I want to make sure that you and I are on the same page regarding the definition I thought, and I don't remember where we exactly landed, but in the back of my brain, I started to write this out as we were figuring out the dollar per day based on contract value and number of days for the total contract term, which I discarded then for and I think somewhere in the back of my brain, I think you did the same thing when we started calculating due dates. Is to say, No, we're not going to calculate dollar per day based on total days within the total term and total contract value, but based on monthly rent and number of days in the relevant months,

Matthias Miller  12:25
because your month, your monthly rent is 231, 48 That's right, and it because you have an extra day, a few days in January, you can, if you make daily payments, you can pay a little less every Day.

Unknown Speaker  12:40
Okay, so we're on the same page. Yes, perfect. All right,

Matthias Miller  12:44
late fee calculations, fixed periods, past due. Customers past due if they surpass the grace period without paying the full monthly due, regardless of partial payments, if $500 is due on January one and the grace period is five days, the late fee feel feel will be charged on January, January 6, right, correct, 12345,

Speaker 1  13:22
I, six, the legal terminology is assessed, not charged will

Matthias Miller  13:27
be assessed, right? That's when you incur the fee, not when you pay it. If the due date is the first, Oh, wow. I just, I

Speaker 1  13:43
Yes, sorry. I was wondering why you were writing this out when, when I was like, wait, I have an example, but apparently you're adding something

Matthias Miller  13:51
I missed process. It's verbal processing via the keyboard.

Unknown Speaker  13:56
I love it. Late

Matthias Miller  13:59
fees assess that the customer exceeds the grace period at any point within a month. Within a month, repayment cycle, validation only one time. Oh, then you have two types of assessments.

Speaker 1  14:12
Yeah. So this is where, this is where Josh and I went round and round, and I felt like, okay, he would have, he would. He did not suggest the two different options, but I have this sneaking suspicion that, and by the way, I'm gonna, I'm gonna throw a fun little one at you on this one, but I have the sneaking suspicion that some RTO companies are not going to agree with my benevolent view of charging late fees, which is to say, based on the assessment period versus the the month due period you're catching the two different options there.

Matthias Miller  14:51
The I mean one, one is i.

Matthias Miller  15:01
Uh, right, and then the past due calendar month late fees are tied to the month of the due date, not the month the fee is incurred. For example, a fee on March 6 for February 28 due date counts as February's fee, making the customer eligible for another fee in March if they surpass the grace period again, if multiple due date shifts occur within March, eg, from March 10 to march 20, due to partial payments, the first grace period violation in March triggers the fee tied to the months the due dates month. Now, if you really wanted to be the wonky, couldn't you say it? It's based based on the contract start date, not the calendar month.

Matthias Miller  15:59
So if you sign a contract in July 15, you can, you can, you can, you can. If you miss a due date between July 15 to August 14, you get assessed the late fee, but only one, and at August 15, that resets. And now from August 15 to September 14, if you miss a payment, you could be assessed. Could you theoretically, and I'm not suggesting you can't you want to, but couldn't you theoretically have a quadrant in which you choose two things? One is calendar, month versus term schedule?

Unknown Speaker  16:35
Well, unless we want to make this a third option,

Matthias Miller  16:39
well, really, they're independent, though, because you could run it off a term schedule based on time of assessment.

Matthias Miller  16:49
But this is very complicated to explain.

Speaker 1  16:53
Okay, so what the rule of thumb here is, the default time of assessment is very easy to explain to a customer. It's very easy to understand. In other words, if I'm assessed a late fee in March, you can't charge them another one in March. Very easy to understand. Past due by calendar month gets a little bit it gets the curve of difficulty to explain to the customer goes up. I'm a little afraid that your third option goes up even exponentially more.

Matthias Miller  17:26
I if you're okay. So this goes back to the question you were asking earlier. What do you optimize for? You optimize for the lizard brand of the customer and how they

Speaker 1  17:35
can understand it? Yes. So the past two calendar month the optional there is that I know that there's going to be some rent to own companies that, look, we want to always tie our late fee to the period that it was due, and I want to be able to charge that customer again if they go, you know, past due in March. I don't want to, I don't want to be essentially option one. Default restricts more. So restricts the rent to own company on the amount of late fees they can get, because there is these outlier situations at the crossover of a month well past due by calendar month, tying it to the month that it was due gives you a little bit more flexibility as a company, right? So I that's where, that's where I'm landing on now, here's the fun one. We are going to ship only with option one, the default, and we're going to save secondary option for a rollout at some point to give a this was Leanne's idea. You know, we're not going to give everybody everything all at once. We got to have something left over for updates in the future. I mean, seriously, it's like, I got, I told you about this email I got from from shed sweet where it's like, wait, what you guys are only now doing stuff like that.

Matthias Miller  18:51
Well, that's nice thing about moving slow. It gives you more to talk about.

Speaker 1  18:55
Yeah, and so it's like, you know, anyway, I don't know that that was Leanne's idea on this. I don't even know. How do you, how do you manage stuff like that, on on rollout stuff. You know, where it's like, you design a whole bunch of stuff now and only roll it out over time. How do you do that?

Matthias Miller  19:13
I mean, we'll just, I think what we have something like a enable beta features, system switch that's turned off, and then we'll just stop respecting that periodically. You know, as we roll out features

Speaker 1  19:31
that's fair, that's that's a cool, that's a cool way of doing it, there'll be beta features that, you know, buyer beware. You know, we're still testing these if you want to go use them. Go use them. But you know

Matthias Miller  19:43
well, or you don't even tell people that it's there.

Unknown Speaker  19:47
Yeah, that makes sense too.

Matthias Miller  19:56
All right, I'm happy. So then over here on the.

Speaker 1  20:00
Con any anything, anything you're missing on that, anything that's not clear about that.

Matthias Miller  20:07
No, thank you for finally clarifying late fees. I

Matthias Miller  20:20
I can't remember when his traveling was okay. So yeah, I'm happy with that. So then on the contract definition, we would have

Speaker 1  20:48
FYI I added, is it all the way at the bottom? Go all the way to the bottom of contract definition? Yeah, some to do's there. Just read over those real quickly and make sure that I'm not doubling up with Something that we've already expected they just haven't

Unknown Speaker  21:22
done I'm

Matthias Miller  21:33
okay, let's, let's do this. Minimum payment, error messages, um,

Speaker 1  21:39
go, go, actually, go, actually, to the I have a, I have a, a sample contract definition, which, by the way, I'm just going to say this, this thing is phenomenal. I did, I did ask, and I think in those notes, is, is flip flopping the financials and the and the rental fees sections, so the rents, so the rent, the rent to own financial so the financial sections above the late fee, that above the rental fees section. So I don't know, how would you, how would you denote because I'm afraid that somebody's going to be like they're going to miss the fact that that's an MRG that that's tied to the row.

Unknown Speaker  22:27
I don't know what's your thoughts? I agree with you.

Matthias Miller  22:32
Putting in its own section helps. I

Matthias Miller  22:44
down payment, percentage number of payments. I'm

Matthias Miller  23:24
Having a label along the lines of I

Matthias Miller  24:40
uh, could we just have something like a label that says error messages for down payments, less than one payment?

Unknown Speaker  24:58
And some, some sort of. Text that

Matthias Miller  25:00
label here that would reflect selected row.

Unknown Speaker  25:06
I mean, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  25:15
I don't know, put

Speaker 1  25:18
your head together with Seth and and the guys and and see if you can come up with some, some way that sort of triggers a person's mind to understand that the error message is, you know, the fields are down below. Otherwise, I mean, like I said, I am? I? Am, oh, you know what? I really, we really should do. The rent to own contract types should be that should probably be first. Financial should be second, and fees should be third. That's, that's probably the way my brain works,

Matthias Miller  26:14
contract types, financials and fees i

Speaker 1  26:58
Anything, anything that? Yeah, there you go. Yep. If If you're, if you're moving stuff around, just delete my stuff.

Matthias Miller  27:06
Okay, so then balloon payment, we have options for calculating about peer posts for percentage of product, but not for contract balloon payment, you need contract price, including tax and excluding tax,

Speaker 1  27:25
yeah, yeah. And is my note clear about this is, this is always a representation. This is never a calculation point. We always calculate pre, pre tax, sales tax, and then represent it, either with or without sales tax based on what how the state requires you To represent that number.

Matthias Miller  27:59
So is it only A I? Only a

Matthias Miller  28:10
rental fees. Rental fees always taxable.

Unknown Speaker  28:18
No

Matthias Miller  28:20
What defines that again, state and where's that sitting?

Unknown Speaker  28:27
It's up there. And you mean like late fees and other fees.

Matthias Miller  28:31
No, just the street of rental

Speaker 1  28:36
fees. Wait, you mean like the rental payment. I to be the

Matthias Miller  28:50
what I'm asking. I'm not sure what you're asking, what you're what you're saying about this doesn't exactly make sense.

Speaker 1  28:56
Okay, let me, let me. Let me circle around and explain one more time that balloon payment, I suspect, is going to be fielded on the contract record as a number. That number will be referenced in the paper contract or in the fields that go into the template, and how we represent that from $1 standpoint inside of template. The PDF template depends on how the state requires you to sit to say it. Some states will require you to say plus tax. Others will say including tax, and so giving four different options based off of calculating off a product price or off a contract price, including or excluding sales tax. So when

Matthias Miller  29:38
you enter it, you're going to enter in contract entry, you're going to enter it with or without tax or without tax. Always

Speaker 1  29:44
know that the balloon price will always be calculated, right? So when you're when you're doing contract entry, you enter in, you enter in. You know the cash prize the building, we're going to automatically calculate based on the term. That you select what the rental payment is, what damaged mirror fee. And if this is like in the case of North Carolina, which requires an 11% balloon payment, I think off a contract price, I have to go see. Let me go see. If you go to, if you go to assist NC contract, you can see how it states it, I want to say it's plus tax, but

Matthias Miller  30:28
if somebody changes the contract amount, does that change the balloon payment? Yeah. So why aren't we just freezing these settings and then just live calculating it.

Unknown Speaker  30:55
The Okay,

Speaker 1  30:58
the balloon doesn't change as the contract value balance change, just to clarify,

Matthias Miller  31:03
oh, but if somebody changes the contract,

Unknown Speaker  31:07
yeah, then it should re

Speaker 1  31:16
No, this would be frozen on The contract record, because it needs to match whatever, whatever the paper is going to say.

Matthias Miller  31:26
If the paper says you have a four, if we calculate a 430 balloon payment, paper says 417 23 cents, we have to say 417 and 23 cents, correct. So this isn't the default, this isn't the minimum, right? Well, okay, but what happens? What happens if it's below the minimum?

Unknown Speaker  31:52
What happens if what's below the minimum,

Matthias Miller  31:54
the balloon payment that they put in the

Unknown Speaker  32:04
where would it be below the minimum?

Matthias Miller  32:08
If somebody, if it's 11% of contract on the contract entry, they say that, well, the schlep salesperson put in $165 of land payments in the contract like that. I

Speaker 1  32:23
uh, that's a very good question. I I know how we hand would handle it here, probably in the office, is that, for the most part, customers pay out before we ever reach balloon payment points, and those that do reach balloon payment points, I have yet to see a customer who goes reaches the balloon payment point. In other words, you're in the last little bit of the contract. Go. Oh yeah, by the way, I see I have a balloon payment here. Let me pay you. You know, three payments. They're just going to keep paying monthly out to the very end. At that point, we generally close the contract, and we never send them a payoff letter, because, by law, according to North Carolina, they never closed their contract, but we don't keep trying to collect.

Matthias Miller  33:22
So functionally, it doesn't really matter, but it does need to match the contract correct. So then, why do we have a minimum price and percentage of price, like, why do we even have this? Sorry, I'm being very persnickety here, so apologies in advance, but why do we even have this setting? This is really not the minimum price, default price.

Speaker 1  33:44
Okay, so you're saying, so you're saying you're having an you're you're picking with the wording. I think because

Matthias Miller  33:51
wording doesn't match functionality, it's not a minimum. We're not enforcing the minimum. We're just saying the default price. Well,

Speaker 1  33:57
I mean, you could, you could just remove that language completely and say checks for requires balloon payment. Then you have a drop down that says, you know, how do you want to calculate that balloon payment? And what's the you know, what is that percentage?

Speaker 1  34:17
So the minimum price language I don't have, you can Nix it for all I care.

Matthias Miller  34:24
Okay, that's, that is the Hangout. I apologize for being super snickety. No,

Speaker 1  34:28
no, that's pernickety. Is, is how you get good software.

Matthias Miller  34:38
Thank you, balloon. Let's go find the balloon. Okay, so the only thing you wanted to say was, I.

Matthias Miller  35:11
Options for calculating I

Unknown Speaker  35:27
monthly payment times, sales tax times, term length,

Unknown Speaker  35:31
yeah, we would never calculate that way. I

Unknown Speaker  35:42
That's the equivalent, isn't it? Do what

Matthias Miller  35:46
we're gonna have to

Speaker 1  35:51
well. And I think upon upon kind of reading some of this critically, that's why I left the note in there that this is always about representation of the number. It's never about a calculation, but we always calculate pre tax on any number, whether it's whether it's product value or contract value. So

Matthias Miller  36:13
remove the including tax options.

Speaker 2  36:17
No. Well,

Speaker 1  36:21
okay, however you want to say this, um, do you, are you understanding what I'm saying? No, okay, okay, if it's, if it's percentage of product price, let's say we have a $5,000 building, right? We bought, we're buying that. That's the price the building. So if you're calculating by product price, and we're having 11% amount. It would be product price times 11% so 5000 times 5% that would give you the balloon payment. Now we can represent that, okay, for the sake of complete of this conversation, 5000 times point 11. So $550 we can represent that 550

Unknown Speaker  37:03
as 550 plus tax

Speaker 1  37:07
in the language of the contract, or we can say whatever the tax rate is, you know, 550 times whatever the tax rate is, and represent it that way.

Speaker 3  37:18
Why wouldn't we? I So

Matthias Miller  37:23
you're saying the only reason tax, you said this before, and I'm really slow in catching up, I apologize. The only reason tax, including or exiting tax matters is how we show it in the contract correct. So we can just say percentage of product price and percentage of contract price. Why Can't We? Price. Why can't we just give you two macros, balloon payment and balloon payment with

Unknown Speaker  37:48
plus tax or or

Matthias Miller  37:54
balloon payment without tax and balloon

Unknown Speaker  37:57
balloon payment. I don't have a pro I do not have a problem with

Matthias Miller  38:01
that. Dun, dun, dun, dun.

Unknown Speaker  38:21
A balloon,

Matthias Miller  38:23
payments are always calculated. Do we need excluding tax in there or not in the list box to make it clear

Speaker 1  38:34
we might? No, I think, I think what you're saying is that we say percentage of product price, percentage of contract price. It's just two options. The tax is irrelevant. If you give, if you give me two different macros to represent that in the in the PDF contract, then great.

Matthias Miller  38:53
Okay, so then the next question is, if we have to recalculate the balloon payment when the respective price changes, I do you need to freeze these settings and warn Do you need an override balloon payment setting? You would

Unknown Speaker  39:09
need an override balloon payment setting.

Matthias Miller  39:15
We need to store these fields on the Contra, on the contract with a checkbox, check,

Speaker 3  39:26
C, H, E, X, box, a, checks box, check box.

Matthias Miller  39:33
That's we have friends who gave us a bunch of cereal, and we have a whole bunch of checks boxes. Checks box, entry now. Um,

Matthias Miller  39:57
but don't you potentially want to override either the. With taxes, without tax amount,

Speaker 1  40:05
the macro would, would would just, would evaluate if there's an override or not, and use if there's no override, then you use whatever is calculated. And if there is an override, you use the override i

Unknown Speaker  40:42
Okay,

Matthias Miller  40:46
takes care of that one. Oops. I'm going, No, no, is it really that far down?

Speaker 1  40:53
I feel like I'm in the wrong place. Are you in his Yeah, you're in history. There you go.

Matthias Miller  40:56
We need an additional column at the beginning of the that really that defines the rental fees section. Rental fees,

Speaker 1  41:03
yeah, so we need to be able to define it by weekly, monthly,

Unknown Speaker  41:08
right? Semi monthly

Unknown Speaker  41:09
payment terms. And yes,

Speaker 1  41:16
I'm getting push nickity on my, on my, my terms. I wrote up this whole terms thing so that we can, because we're getting, we're getting a lot of crossover with the word terms. Now, types and terms are getting confusing as can be. So I started a wiki document of understandable terms. I

Matthias Miller  42:00
Well and actually I'm

Matthias Miller  42:26
so then Here RG of

Matthias Miller  42:41
this is weekly,

Speaker 1  42:46
weekly, monthly, bi weekly, semi and semi monthly. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  43:08
Okay, takes care of that.

Unknown Speaker  43:13
You already, you're you already wrote that

Matthias Miller  43:15
it's not, it's too much trouble. Sorry. I'm just troubled. Good. So that's that. Now

Unknown Speaker  43:28
let's dive in. Hang

Matthias Miller  43:29
on. We need settings. We need configuration on on late like under rental fees. I

Matthias Miller  43:46
You have,

Speaker 3  43:50
oh yes, yes, yes, indeed.

Speaker 1  43:57
And do we want to? Do we want to? I'm nervous about the idea of putting this on the contract definition.

Matthias Miller  44:10
Do you think it's going to be a company?

Speaker 1  44:12
I think it should be a company. Thing

Matthias Miller  44:15
that does make sense, and I would be happier with it if i

Speaker 1  44:28
To my knowledge, I don't know of any any states that specify in their legislation locked or unlocked period. So I do think this needs to be a company, a company setting. I

Speaker 1  45:09
Uh, now the the fielding, the fielding for what day that actually ends up being will be on the contract record. So you a customer. You may start that customer, say on the first and they may, one day say, hey, I want to be due on the 15th. And they say, Well, okay, no problem. Just pay a half payment. And then we will, we'll go in and override the your current due date and move you to the 15th of the month. I'm not It's and we're not going to, there's no requirement that, like, I'm not, we're not going to require, in order to move a due date that you have to take money to do. So I'm going to, I'm going to suggest to a RTO company that, hey, you know, it might make sense for it, but that's all. That's all inter, inter company workings of how they want to do that, but the option to change it, to set that on the contract record.

Matthias Miller  46:05
So then if they change it, then they're going to have to contact you guys to update all their existing

Unknown Speaker  46:12
content. So say that again,

Matthias Miller  46:13
so that if they want to change, if they want to change their from the first to the 15th, and they want to update all existing contacts, they have to either go through and do it manually or call you guys out. That's right. And then we have the floating

Speaker 1  46:30
are we kindly? Are we kindly tell them? We kindly say yes, just go create a editable report with a link action in it. And it's really simple.

Unknown Speaker  46:44
And you can, you can very quickly edit all your contracts.

Speaker 1  46:50
Dude, my mind, my mind exploded yesterday. When you have a you have an owner of a company the size of JMAG, who says his biggest pain point is getting a customer list that the bank is happy with. I'm just like, Guys, you're making it too easy.

Matthias Miller  47:08
That just seems dumb. Like, okay, repayment, cycle, validation. I don't really like this. Oh. Terminology for floating due dates. Oh, gotcha, um,

Matthias Miller  47:37
is it fine to say limit late fees by

Speaker 1  47:42
the states. So is it? Is it A, is it a late fee method of fixed periods and floating due dates? It's, it's more of a due date method, isn't it? I don't know there's, there's language cross over here between late fees and due dates. And we're gonna have to be very careful on how we how we represent this information so that it's understandable to the to the client what they're setting up.

Matthias Miller  48:08
So should this be fixed periods and floating periods? Yes. And should this sure be fixed and floating? Sure. And then we have the monthly, fixed due date, the semi monthly, and the weekly,

Speaker 1  48:26
and when we when we do so that particular this would be one of those places where I would probably tell Sean like, when, when you go and write the field for this and the explanation for that field under more information, we can do a quick explanation inside of due date periods. If you click on that to say, okay, what are we talking about in fixed and floating

Matthias Miller  48:49
or just link out to the wiki documentation?

Speaker 1  48:52
That would be really cool. I don't know. Can you, can you do a link in the more explanation?

Matthias Miller  49:00
Oh, none more explanation noticing on the detail screen itself.

Unknown Speaker  49:05
Uh, well, okay, that's even better.

Matthias Miller  49:09
Or you could have a, this is probably too clever. You can have a memo button that says help, and you suck in the wiki. We

Speaker 1  49:18
don't need to store a note under this regard. It's just a link to the wiki document, document, explanation, what?

Speaker 1  49:41
Okay, so then the link before you, before you go too much further with that, what are the chances that we come up with a way on the wiki documentation to be able to input, I don't know, some reference to the URL to the point in the detail screen, so that you. Can, well, okay, the question is, I'm, I'm a little bit nervous about, okay, I'm gonna start writing some of this stuff. And it would be really, really cool is, as we write it, we have these throughout the software of explanations, and as we fill them in, we had a way to automatically link them to the wiki document, and that URL just starts working. Then, did I make sense?

Matthias Miller  50:25
Yeah, you do make sense. It's basic.

Speaker 1  50:35
Or maybe, or maybe it is that it's not so much necessarily sections of, maybe it's not even sections of of the of the detail screen. Maybe it is just a help button on every single detail page. And we then tie that out to a full explanation of that detail screen in a wiki page, which then wiki page did link to? Wiki page you can then link out to further explanations of the sections based inside of the of a wiki page, correct? Because you can do the brackets inside of a wiki page to go to another wiki page. Right,

Matthias Miller  51:08
right? Yeah. So,

Matthias Miller  52:15
it seems to me like i

Matthias Miller  52:28
It's newsfeed.

Matthias Miller  52:37
Make a section header with context sensitive. So be context detail.

Speaker 1  52:44
The alternative is that, as we do detail screens, is that a Sean, or somebody like that, builds the URL onto the page and then automatically builds the wiki page for it, even in it, you know, that would be and just go to mad as we go along for every detail screen

Matthias Miller  53:07
I was trying to find out where the

Matthias Miller  53:19
Yeah, I I think there is a way

Unknown Speaker  53:30
to context. I

Matthias Miller  53:40
Yeah, but it requires a little bit of research. But just to give you a quick view, this is what the help looks I mean, we could theoretically use still ship as Wiki pages if we wanted to but put it in this type of a view and have buttons on the detail screen that hops, you would have context IDs, basically that would pull up A certain help document based on the context ID. So it's

Matthias Miller  54:29
a little bit of development, but you would then be able to sprinkle contact sensitive help buttons throughout the system. Yeah, we still need to think through. Let's do this. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  54:52
I'm most worried about how to ship it. I'm.

Speaker 1  55:00
I don't know, think it through. You understand the concept that I'm going for? Yep, I do. I want what ideally like. It makes my head want to explode every time I try to go to research something in RTO Pro or some other help documentation and software is, it's like, Look, I just want to be somewhere. And I'm like, Okay, what does that mean? It's just be like. So that's where, like, the more the more information button already is, like, super helpful. And if we can expand this concept to also have, you know, help buttons right on a detail screen. It's like, I'm right here. I want to know what's going on right here. Well, now you're there. And it's like, and then there's other linked documents that can give, you know, very you know, drill down explanations on, you know, some of this stuff, it's just making it easy. I just want to make it easy for people. It's like, I want you to understand what you're doing. Yes.

Matthias Miller  55:50
Now keep in mind that there's going to be a lot of work. Every time you roll out an update, you're gonna have to review the help documentation and make sure that it's still current, and it's going to get out of date. And you're gonna have to figure out how to figure out how to do that. And if you decide to use screenshots, those can change all that stuff. So,

Speaker 1  56:06
yes, it will be the bane of my existence. I'm I'm very well aware. Okay,

Matthias Miller  56:11
good, Good. We're on the same page. I

Speaker 1  56:45
or we could, we could do like the way the shed app did it, and there's the no help documentation, and then they finally went off and made some sort of help system, other, other help system that just, I

Matthias Miller  57:01
don't even know what it is, where it is, but good

Speaker 1  57:04
grades. I have it somewhere. I have it somewhere too. It just kind of cracked me up, because Shut up has been around for a little while, and they just, just last year, I think they finally rolled out their help system.

Matthias Miller  57:18
I have another story on Matthew black gave a good sales pitch. We're going to bend over backwards. We're committed to you. The his team gets back within like once a week on emails, and they never charge a deposit, and the buildings don't look anything like the client's buildings. And we're going to bend over backwards because we're gonna we want business. We've lost trust before. Have you fixed the problem? Folks? Anyway,

Unknown Speaker  57:50
fun times

Matthias Miller  57:52
looks easy. Looks deceptively easy. It's our late fee limit

Unknown Speaker  57:56
is this? I

Matthias Miller  58:04
I wish there would be way to make it clear like this is,

Speaker 1  58:18
no, it's not. It's not monthly it, but it's, it's because late fee limits, and I don't like the word late fee limits, but or limit could there's a limiter for weekly, there's a weekly, there's a limiter for bi weekly. There's, I

Matthias Miller  58:53
but what you're saying is you only, you only charge one per week slash month of the assessed date

Speaker 1  59:00
I would, I mean, the options would be point of assessment and

Unknown Speaker  59:05
point of do, or assess by assessed,

Speaker 1  59:14
when Okay, when assessed, when do. Hi, I like that.

Matthias Miller  59:20
Okay. But then what do you call this thing? Oh,

Speaker 1  59:35
all right, go talk to go talk to chatgpt or grok about this, they've got to have a what? Or I can here, it's simple, yeah, there you go. Drop that in there and say, We need fancy wording for this.

Matthias Miller  59:53
Hey, buddy, I need simple, clear name for a setting. Can you just go to. That. GBT, Hey, buddy, why not they say, be in play makes give us better responses. Determines the really at least gratitude, does

Speaker 1  1:00:11
gratitude gives better responses? Yes. Did you read, did you read the article about the cost of of of niceties in AI, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:00:36
Really, we're just really pouring it on. I,

Speaker 1  1:00:44
b timing, late fee timing, assessment cycle, late fee reset fee period.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:04
Tool tips.

Matthias Miller  1:01:21
So You could do Something like, I'm

Matthias Miller  1:02:00
What do You think about that? I

Unknown Speaker  1:02:25
duplicate late fee avoidance,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:33
Late Fee duplicate protection. I

Speaker 1  1:03:35
Why would you duplicate late fee prevention and then based on assessment, based or when assessed, or when a you had, you had, it really, when assessed, when incurred, when,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:50
when Do? When do?

Speaker 3  1:03:57
There you go, when payment due, I honest Wednesday, open opinion,

Matthias Miller  1:04:27
duplicate leafy prevention. Leafy duplicate prevention by fee date by due date. Okay, I

Matthias Miller  1:04:44
I don't know. It's your software. I'm relatively happy with this. It's you still might need help.

Speaker 1  1:04:51
What about? What about, rather than by feed date, by due date, why not? Point of assessment, point of do? I don't know. I. We still

Matthias Miller  1:05:02
do when, when it's when assessed, and when do

Speaker 1  1:05:05
I like the when, when a set when fee assessed, when, when, when payment due. I like that. It's clear. Should we do and I do like I do like late fee, duplicate prevention.

Speaker 2  1:05:22
I me, you should, this is lfdp. It's the lfdp. Man,

Matthias Miller  1:05:31
did you know that you can make claims and trademarks and so, literally, what you should do right now is you should go buy the trademark for the lfdp, no the number one, RTO software, and trademark it, and you can use it as a trademark.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:51
So lame. That is so lame.

Matthias Miller  1:05:54
You know, people will eat it up.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:57
Number two based on what

Matthias Miller  1:06:00
it's just a trademark,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:04
but it's like, my my ethics get sticky at that point.

Matthias Miller  1:06:13
There's a guy who did a, I forget if it was a taxi service or what it was supplement business, something. No, it was a supplement business and ran them on taxis in New York, and he

Matthias Miller  1:06:30
was the number one, like, literally, it was vaping. It was the number one. Some number one, vaping, a trademark. Did put it on taxis everywhere. Made so much money he would he never expanded past New York

Matthias Miller  1:06:46
Richard Miller told me that, I think I can say this. He told me. He said he was telling talking to jaybury about me. He's like, I know how jaybury can make I know how Matthias can make money in the shed space. All he needs to do is just be BS people, and if he could BS people, if he'd be willing to BS people, he'd have a line out in the door a mile long, and he'd have and he would be the wealthiest man.

Speaker 1  1:07:09
Okay, what does that say about this industry? Because I he's right, and it bothers me, because there is the the people in this industry are just BS eaters. I'm sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:07:23
I agree. It's a few things. I had a very extensive call with Steve Miller, and he frankly encouraged me. He basically said, you might not want to completely shut the door, but you're not going to make you're not going to make a livelihood here. And it affirmed everything that I saw and heard. He's like, first of all, half the industry is the big five. Now you have the other half, the other half. Basically, most of the companies are wholesalers with percentage business models. There's no complexity. There's nothing for you to solve. And then there's the vertically integrated companies, which is a fraction of a fraction, it's a small sliver. And in addition to that, you have eighth grade education and a lot of naivete, so they don't even understand the complexity and big egos. And yes, they like to buy from people who who fly jets around and dance around on stage. If you haven't so true. I don't, I'm not that guy. He's like, you're not going to be, basically

Speaker 1  1:08:18
going to be appreciated. Become that guy. Let's, let's let's just buy a jet and fly around it and see if they literally would believe you, or if you did

Matthias Miller  1:08:25
literally, if I just went out and rented a Lambo and shot it and had it in front of my booth, I would probably like, do you see Jason Graber selling his Lambo? One, one of them?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:39
What the What the actual,

Matthias Miller  1:08:45
seriously? So I'm thinking about ditching all of this and going into sales optimization coaching, which basically means, here's basic pitch your sales people, on average, sales people spend 28% of their week selling. If you can bump that up to 36% a week, you can have a 50% bump in revenue, because sales is directly correlated to the amount of time you spend in sales conversations. And I can help you do that. So that's what I'm playing around with, which is basically some form of, not necessarily said industry. I don't think. I don't know. I might, I might, I don't Anyway, whatever. We'll see. If I'm even there, we'll see what shakes out between now and then, but fun times as a rabbit trail. But I wanted to give Steve a big hug, because he gave me the smartest, that was the smartest take on the industry that i i I've seen,

Speaker 3  1:09:44
yeah, he's so right. He is so right. You.

Speaker 2  1:10:00
Yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  1:10:04
The upside the Okay, sorry side note. The upside to that is that, if you can appear to be really smart and a bit glitzy and glamory, you just can straight up make it in this industry.

Matthias Miller  1:10:20
Well, I mean, part of me almost wants to play the game. Part of me almost wants

Unknown Speaker  1:10:26
to, you're too much of a rebel. That's the problem.

Matthias Miller  1:10:29
In what way I see the problem is the clients wouldn't stick, and I'd be so ticked with the clients,

Speaker 1  1:10:42
there is something that happens with individuals that decide to break free of a system that says, in order to play this, in order to win it, you have to play this game, ie Mennonite, Amish, you name, when you decide I'm done with that, I'm walking away from that you literally have. And I suspect you're the same way a revulsion at someone saying, in order to win in this in this thing, you got to play this game. And you're like, No, I don't

Matthias Miller  1:11:20
Well see, but I'm on the other path to that, because I think that's the ego trip. Like, here's the problem. You can solve it. I'm like, okay, but you can, you can fight really, you're winning. And at some point, for me, it turns into a Cavalier, like, Okay, well, if you're dumb enough that the Okay, it's like, be Greek to the Greeks, if you're dumb enough that the only way you're going to buy from me is if I'm standing in front of a Lambo, even if it's not my own dig. Like, who cares? Now, that's very cavalier, and it requires a certain view of ethics in which you really believe that the means justifies the end, and you have to be able to sleep at night. And part of me just wants to do it for the weird challenge of I'm fascinated by what makes people tick, and it's a fascinating experiment human psychology

Matthias Miller  1:12:10
and and the other thing I would do, because if we go down the firefighting route is, you know, because this is so not me, go dye My hair. Flame, flame orange red, and make a joke with everybody about their hair being on fire. Is your hair on fire? And there would be no end of people talking about that. You know, it even if, even if they're old or rummage and they're never, ever, ever dye their hair,

Matthias Miller  1:12:42
and my wife roll her eyes at me. Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  1:12:51
so now we got fueling for late fees. You happy?

Speaker 1  1:12:56
You mean due dates? This is the company record. Yeah, go back to let me, let's, let's, let's take one last look at it. Okay, fixed or floating due date periods, monthly

Matthias Miller  1:13:07
periods, or methods, or something else, due date

Unknown Speaker  1:13:15
methods,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:22
fixed or floating, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:13:25
good. Monthly fixed, due date number. What is that? What is that like? The day of month? Are you? Are we going to set that on the company record? Yeah, and that will default it onto the contract record, but you can override it. Fine. I'm good with that. Semi monthly, fixed day of the month. Is this an RG, no, just settings, just settings. Semi monthly, fixed day of the month. So that would be two fields, right?

Matthias Miller  1:13:59
Yes, you have the monthly is which day of the month. Semi monthly is what's the secondary day weekly. Weekly is which day of the week, always bill on Friday. What

Speaker 1  1:14:09
would be bi weekly? Would that be the same? So it should be weekly slash bi weekly.

Matthias Miller  1:14:21
And then you have the lftp.

Matthias Miller  1:14:30
It's almost like the loss prevention officer. I

Speaker 1  1:14:44
and so chat, CBT referenced something that was kind of cool. Is, Do you guys ever do like little text of tool tips? Not

Matthias Miller  1:14:57
sure if we have tool tips, detail screens. Um.

Matthias Miller  1:15:04
I mean, we have to, what's this?

Speaker 1  1:15:10
Okay, well, then, well, I guess it would, I guess we could put some of this information into if you, if you hit the, you know, what is that thing called? Anyway,

Matthias Miller  1:15:21
we call it the, well, I mean, it's, it's, we call it the what I mean,

Speaker 1  1:15:26
show field information. Yeah, show field information. So, I mean, we could put some of this just a quick, short informational thing in the description that says, when assessed, when, uh, when, when fee assessed, when payment due is just, you know, a quick explanation that says, validation based on, I don't know what it would say, something only assess

Matthias Miller  1:15:55
A this setting prevents more than one fee being assessed for the calendar month, week, two week period based on either the date The fee was assessed the payment was due. Yep,

Speaker 1  1:16:24
and somebody's gonna say, Well, why is that important? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:16:32
so do you want this to be? I,

Matthias Miller  1:16:40
do you want to do this?

Unknown Speaker  1:16:57
No, let's not. Let's just, let's just do

Matthias Miller  1:17:02
it. I Okay. Now we have product structure, product that are equal.

Speaker 1  1:17:18
Okay? First thing that drives me insane under structure is lengthened feet and length in inches. It should be length feet and then a space length inches, like those should be side by side, the feet and inches thing, maybe, maybe it's just, you know, ft in front of one box, you know, I N, you know, in front of the other but I don't know, but have them stacked like that just is bent, mind bendingly confusing. I

Speaker 1  1:18:10
Okay, we are going to need a RG, well, okay, let's, let's look at some of this, fielding first, the feet and inches thing, the width and length thing, that'll, that'll clean up some of that. It'll break up. It'll break it up a little bit visually.

Matthias Miller  1:18:29
Are you okay if style is the same across the entire all companies?

Speaker 1  1:18:37
Yeah, because you can, you'll, you're just going to start building a list of styles, and you just select the correct one. Yeah, I do think that there should be a depreciation section with book depreciation and tax depreciation being subsections,

Speaker 1  1:18:58
although I don't know that I'm really necessarily solid on that. What is that needs that's going to need to be tied off to a record, and we're going to have to have a depreciation method record that, and inside of that, I don't know, is it going to be some type of way of building the methods that that is, is that what needs to

Matthias Miller  1:19:31
Okay? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:19:38
the question is, how do you want depreciation to work. So the

Speaker 1  1:19:42
way, I don't know that I'm going to necessarily get like that can be a whole nother conversation that we can with. Like, we could throw that at the end of this agenda, and we can talk about depreciation method, but,

Matthias Miller  1:19:53
yes, we need it. But the question is, I think it's something. Like something along the lines of, when is my next depreciation payment? If so, or look at this product record and tell me what the next and I want to calculate depreciation for this date, tell me what

Unknown Speaker  1:20:16
it should be. Well,

Speaker 1  1:20:18
okay, I mean, I really like, I really like what we're where you're going with the date and the depreciation, depreciation dollar value that just came off. We do need some I think RTO pro refers it to as RBV, or real book value. Whether that's a field or whether that's a is it a pop up into a report? I don't know. But some way of totaling up the the value subtracted by all the the value, original value of the building, minus all the depreciation points. So we know that what the RBV of the building is, I don't necessarily want to either that or it's just a field on there of a calculating macro that just represents the

Matthias Miller  1:20:59
number. Well, I think it's just a, I think just a total, total, okay, here, here's how I back in the napkin. I'm going to throw this in there to do IDD spec out depreciation. Have a depreciation method record with a name and a background macro is a building level macro that takes a date parameter and returns the calculated depreciation for that date On the detail screen show a total of depreciation count and a book value, which is, which is purchase amount minus depreciation. It

Speaker 1  1:21:58
would be pretty cool if, if that like on building records right now and assist right above the itemization section or the configuration section, there is a there is a URL that will show you both the manufacturer price and the sales order price. If you click that URL, it opens up a a breakdown that shows you how the building was calculated. Something like that would be pretty stinking cool. So it would give you the dollar value, like the art it would give you the book value, or the current depreciated value. I do not want to call it RBV. We've got to come up with better naming for it. But the depreciated value of that building that, if you click that number, it opened up into a report and gives you a whole breakdown, and I don't know a good explanation of exactly how the depreciation is working.

Matthias Miller  1:22:42
Okay. Does that mean including? I want to, I want an explanation about how some of the year's digits method works.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:51
What is the sum of the year's digits?

Matthias Miller  1:22:55
I don't know. I

Unknown Speaker  1:22:58
don't know what that is. I

Unknown Speaker  1:23:29
Isn't this makers,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:32
makers 2000 something or other? No, it's m, A, C, R, S, I,

Matthias Miller  1:23:45
declining balance is fixed percentage.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:48
Okay?

Speaker 1  1:23:50
I mean, we're gonna, there's a, there's a number of depreciation agents in RTO Pro that we're probably going to support. I can give you the explanations on them, but we got to go make sure that we have all of this. But that's where I think that, well, like I said, we can have a whole entire conversation on, on specking out depreciation,

Matthias Miller  1:24:09
which depends how much, yeah, and to that point, it depends how much transparency you want. Like, if somebody used to know what some of the years digits like, okay, it works. Year one, 515, 415,

Speaker 1  1:24:17
massive amount of what did you call it? Explanation? Whatever I literally, I kid you not. Matthias, I have gone round and round and round and around with accountants that have been doing accounting for many, many, many, many, many years explaining depreciation. I'm not an accountant. I haven't studied depreciation. I don't need but it just makes sense in my brain. And so I have had, like, so many times around and and, okay, now that being said, when we get into depreciation reporting on stuff that would like go to a an accountant, then we're going to get in some some, you know, fun times of explanation on that, but the pre. Appreciation is one of these things that has to be unbelievably transparent, right.

Matthias Miller  1:25:18
Straight line is oh so it's just double straight line recalculate at the beginning of each year. Oh, good gracious.

Speaker 1  1:25:32
So this is one of those things where, okay, so RTO Pro has a straight line length of contract that generally gets used a lot of and, oh, you might whatever quite made sense to me. Is that okay? How does straight line length of contract work when, when you have a contract that originally started at 60 months, gets repoed and goes out on a 36 like, is that building going to sit there and still depreciate at 60 months? Like you 60 months? Like, I don't know what the laws are around some of that, but it seems kind of stupid that the first RTO contract defines the length of depreciation for the building. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:26:12
it can you, I mean, that is a question. Can you then readapt? But then, I mean, if it's length of contract, that's also really weird, because it's weird that the term years determines, I guess it's kind of true. It does return determine. I think theoretically what you're saying is, well, here's another interesting thing, what if? What if somebody has it for 36 months and you reset as a 60 month? I know you said we were going to go here next and I should probably respect my problem solving is too.

Speaker 1  1:26:46
I was thinking the same thing, like this all like you need to throw a bunch of notes onto something somewhere, and this needs to be a whole entire conversation. Or maybe this is a conversation after lunch, I don't know, but I really wanted to knock out some of this product record stuff. Yes, and, but we do need, we do need an RG of contracts on the product record that will tell us, you know, this building is assigned to such such a contract, and then it was repoed, and it was assigned to this contract and, and each one of those needs to like each one of those contract RG rows needs to define how much rent did we get from that contract, how much damage waiver fee, how much late fees. You know, all the details that of information of dollars that were collected from that particular contract for this particular product make sense?

Speaker 3  1:27:35
Yes, some something like this. Yes, exactly that

Matthias Miller  1:27:40
contract start date, and then contract only, contract status. Do you want to mock up with this before we do these seem like the right fields, contract ID, contract status, contract status, contract start date, rent collected, dwf collected, late fees collected, other

Speaker 1  1:28:04
fees collected. Now the only, the only thing that we may want to field in here is status of the contract in other words, if it's open, is like contract status? Yeah, I mean, whatever, however we're going to we haven't really talked about represent, representing contract status of whether it's open, whether it's closed, whether it's paid off, paid out, repoed down at the bank,

Matthias Miller  1:28:25
no way to be delivered, active, pending retrieval, complete, canceled. Give me that

Speaker 1  1:28:30
that probably needs to be revisited a little bit, but yes, that status should be reflected in the RG of the

Unknown Speaker  1:28:41
product, you

Matthias Miller  1:28:42
mean, kind of like that? Yeah, okay, sorry. I'm getting just slightly snarky because I can't, I put it in there. You're working, sweet,

Speaker 1  1:28:51
okay, payments, let's go back. Let's go back to, let's go back to that record.

Matthias Miller  1:28:57
Don't we want to? Do you want to split length through trim color into a different section to break it up a little

Speaker 1  1:29:07
bit? I would love some breaking that up that is like it makes my eyes want to cross.

Matthias Miller  1:29:20
Couldn't model. Also be down. It could model and

Speaker 1  1:29:26
I mean, the other option, the other option is with the information that you just spec for the RG, you tell Sean to mock it up in a, in a in Google Sheets, so that we can pick it apart and move things around,

Matthias Miller  1:29:37
so we can move things. I liked it a lot. I like that. That's that is the best idea I've had all day. Thank you. You're welcome.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:49
There's something about seeing it that just helps.

Speaker 1  1:29:58
Now I. Yeah, there is another thing, and maybe it is not sure what happens? What happens when we sell this building? What what information like, sold information, cost that it was sold for, reap, you had other information on here, like buyback information. There's, there's a number of some way, in a neat fashion, we need to field some of that information if the building is either bought back by the manufacturer or sold, or

Matthias Miller  1:30:30
we have, like, resell date, resell amount.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:35
So in other words, we're missing some stuff yet on that product record.

Matthias Miller  1:30:39
Yeah. So let me also tell him, please go through this document and make sure that all missing fields in your mock up. Ask me if you're not sure if something should be included. How's

Unknown Speaker  1:30:55
that? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:31:00
Sean, I just left it to you, for you in the product record. Dwayne and I,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:21
Okey dokey. I so

Matthias Miller  1:31:24
that we're going to punt the rest of the product record. Is

Unknown Speaker  1:31:29
that right? That's

Matthias Miller  1:31:30
right. Payment Platform or whiskey. Okay, so you mentioned that Leanne doesn't like using the platform. You're nervous. You were nervous because of how poorly tested with these are, and how much they change, break and all this other kinds

Speaker 1  1:31:43
of stuff. Okay, in fairness, like I said, I am, I have to, always, I always have to filter this through the fact that we, we live out of, out of out of Dev, and those are the things that we reap, is that we live out a dev and we break things and we fix them, and we break them and we fix them, and we have, you know, hair raising, white knuckling experiences, so

Unknown Speaker  1:32:16
I see exactly what's wrong here.

Speaker 1  1:32:20
Hold on a second. I'm I'm trying to split task on something and help Andy fix something.

Speaker 3  1:32:31
Victor, worth Meyer, is it the same name we got? It looks like, right? And okay, so

Speaker 1  1:32:40
I do. So after discussing this with Leanne, she's like, well, I don't like this whole sitting around and refreshing. That's gonna be frustrating for a a client. And so she felt very much like we should go out into some other portal type things. She's like, RTO Pro does this, you know, does this for credit card transactions. Is the moment you select Credit Card, it's going to take you out to some other portal thingamajigger. And so what's wrong with that idea? And so I think that, I think we should revisit that, how exactly that looks or how it works, I think is it would be key at that point. Is it? You had mentioned some sort of admin impersonation of of the of the customer portal?

Unknown Speaker  1:33:34
I don't know what's your thoughts? Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:33:50
well, I'm going to ask a question, and you're not going to like it, how much control do customers have over their payments? Because to me, that determines whether you have two payment pages that you maintain one for customers because they're so different. Or you say, look, these guys are fundamentally the same, like you just just, you just can't due dates as a customer.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:17
But, yeah, but, oh like, you

Matthias Miller  1:34:24
don't want a customer use adjusting their security deposit, do you

Speaker 1  1:34:27
No, but wouldn't that? Would that's that should all be driven from the product, from the payment record. Like, you're going to set all of that up, and then the moment you say you're going to do credit card and you click Save, then it, it, I don't know what happens then. I mean, or are you saying, Are you saying that we don't do this from the payment record? It all happens, like when you click, when you when you click, make a payment boom, you're out in some whiskey thing.

Matthias Miller  1:34:53
Okay, what would make me the happiest is you, you save the record, or you have a link. That says, Okay, take click payment. And it says, okay, to click this link, you gotta save first. Okay, save. Boom, pop you out. All right, let's actually, literally pay this thing. And so you, from a technical standpoint, what I'm happiest about is keep the payment record in the system and just have a link for the literal. We're going to run a charge right now.

Speaker 1  1:35:25
I understood you to correct if I understood you correctly, you cannot do a redirect on save.

Matthias Miller  1:35:32
I am I really don't. There have been talk. I

Speaker 1  1:35:43
change. Let me see if I can find, can you? Can you? You can't. You can't remove the save button and trigger the save by, you know, clicking the make payment type of thing is there.

Matthias Miller  1:35:54
You can remove the save, but then you can't save the record.

Speaker 1  1:35:58
That's what I'm saying. Like the moment, the moment you set the whole thing up, and you click, make payment that saves the record. That's not a that's not a thing.

Matthias Miller  1:36:07
Let's try this. And there's also a, I don't think this one got any traction.

Speaker 1  1:36:16
So we're at 106 we were supposed to be done at one o'clock for 30 minutes. Yes, or well, eight lyrics, and I need to lean just landed, and I would like to discuss something with her while I was eating some lunch. So I'm going to drop off while you dig a little bit into this, and then we'll come back around at what we're going to do, 130 or 140

Matthias Miller  1:36:37
I should be fine with 130 effectively, I should be fine with 130 All right, whatever you want, what do you is that what you want, 141 40, see you, then I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai