Matthias Miller  00:32
Uh, not sure if it's hear me, there we go.

Speaker 1  00:38
I wasn't saying anything. Oh, well, there you go. Mess with you sometime and get on and just

Matthias Miller  00:43
go, yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  00:49
I have a few more thoughts on product record right, looking at our current product record, we do not feel the dealer that sold

Unknown Speaker  01:06
this,

Speaker 1  01:09
which would be good. I would like to move up into the product section where, right where the rental company is, and, like the manufacturer should go up there to, like, manufacturer, dealer, sales rep, all of all of the identifiers on who sold it needs to go up in that product section, probably up there. I don't think the manufacturer should be down in the well, maybe the manufacturer should be down the structure section. I don't know, but we do need to have dealer and sales rep be able to be assigned into the product record so we know we can track buildings by who sold

Unknown Speaker  01:54
them. The other thing, tell me when you're ready. I

Matthias Miller  02:05
both dealer cells are required, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  02:11
should they be required? Yeah,

Speaker 1  02:19
it's a little obnoxious. But maybe do I want to hmm, yeah, let's leave it required for now.

Matthias Miller  02:32
What else

Speaker 1  02:37
there is? Uh, okay, what when this bill, when we deal with retrievals and so on and so forth, we really ought to field a location. So if this thing is retrieved and it goes back to a sales lot, it would be good to be able to identify on the building record where it went back to based on dealer records. Um,

Speaker 1  03:08
and some of this, some of this, is gonna have crossover with when we get into handling retrievals, and we can punt it till then. I'm fine with that, but we are going to need to feel um, some type of automated autumn auto filled location information based on things that happen around that record. So when the building comes in, it goes out to a customer. Great, we can, we can fill in. We have contract information already on that. But if that thing's repoed, be nice to be able to track it in some way to where it is.

Matthias Miller  03:37
Well, if somebody does a shed, move on it or I think this is basically what I would propose. Don't we have a transit? We

Speaker 1  03:52
haven't. We haven't really got into that whole retrieval stuff yet. We haven't. We do have a reach. There's nothing in the retrieval record yet. I

Matthias Miller  04:14
Good. I want to punt it until retrievals. I think, I don't think it makes sense. Don't think it makes sense

Speaker 1  04:23
to really okay. Makes sense. The other thing that you can make a note there to punt for with retrievals is that I really want to field some kind of condition on the product record at that point. Maybe it's in conjunction with retrieval information and location, I don't know. But some type of condition, like RTO Pro has a condition drop down that you can kind of rate the building, if you will. The other option, the other thing I thought about was, do we want to have tags on this record, and will would? Would people use tags to do different. Things, of of categorizing, of information on buildings, the potential exists. I almost want to just throw it on there and let people go nuts with it. What do you think?

Matthias Miller  05:11
Um, we're going to add, we're enabling contact tags, right?

Unknown Speaker  05:15
Say again, we

Matthias Miller  05:17
were going to enable contact tags, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  05:21
contact tags on the on the contact record, yes, we were going to enable that yes

Matthias Miller  05:35
is, I mean, I, I genuinely don't. Care.

Speaker 1  05:44
So is tags like one big, giant, ugly list, or can you split lists on tags?

Matthias Miller  05:50
Well, I mean, what I would do, I mean, presumably you want a list of separate tags, between product tags and contact tags, right?

Speaker 1  05:56
Yeah, I would think so, yeah, let's, let's put tags on. Let's put tags on here that way, that way people can do fun things with it if they want to. You.

Speaker 1  06:28
I'll see. Yep, which kind of led me to the thought that if we put tags in there, we wouldn't necessarily have to field condition, because you could use a tag for condition, maybe, maybe not. I don't know, but we'll get into that once we get to retrievals.

Matthias Miller  06:52
Don't you kind of want to ask the holler, what did this thing look like?

Speaker 1  06:56
Yeah, precisely, along with pictures and all kinds of good fun stuff. But anyway, that's, that's a retrieval conversation. I think that's, I think that's handled everything.

Speaker 1  07:23
There is a, oh, there is one thing on here that I don't know, if I don't maybe want to put this on here. I don't know they have an invoice number on this thing, I guess tied to an invoice, like when you purchased it. It's obnoxious, but we could just throw it in there as a as a string field. I

Unknown Speaker  07:40
like

Matthias Miller  07:41
an invoice number?

Unknown Speaker  07:45
I mean, we already have a primary and secondary ID.

Matthias Miller  07:55
Is it our invoice number?

Speaker 1  07:57
No, it would be. It would be an invoice number based off of the paperwork that gets sent to you for purchase of the building. Let's throw it. Let's throw it on there. Let's throw invoice number on there. So primary, primary ID, secondary ID and an invoice now, yeah, let's do it.

Matthias Miller  08:22
I instead of having a pin and a sin primary, 80 and secondary, 80.

Speaker 1  08:52
I heard some funny ones recently. We called it a structure ID number in an assist, I heard somebody else call it something else. Was it st, ID or s, I don't remember, or no, no, it was, was it a, b, I N, maybe, I don't know, R, S, no, it wasn't s, I n, it might have been a B I N, Building ID number, I don't know, but it just sounds so funny to talk about your bin number, or your sin number, stin number, I don't know, whatever pi actually PID and and, and, Si, oh, jeez. Anyway, moving on, it's a pit. It's a PID and an Sid. So it's a SID, secondary ID and primary it's a pin acid.

Matthias Miller  09:43
Did the soft All right? More on the product record? What more on the product record?

Speaker 1  09:55
I don't think so, not not, at least not at this point, until Sean mocks it up. Okay, I'll. Like it.

Matthias Miller  10:01
Think it's going to be good.

Matthias Miller  10:14
All right? Payment, we have two options for payment. If you think you can sweet talk Josh into allowing custom redirects after save, which I would be surprised if he wants to support we do support it. Excuse me for very specific features and workflows within for a very specific feature and workflow, but practically speaking, we don't support it, then you could directly do that.

Speaker 1  10:38
This would, this would be, this would be supporting it for a very specific workflow, right?

Matthias Miller  10:50
Having said that, the alternative, then is you save and through some magic, it could be as simple as a big, bold thing, all right, you saved it, or maybe you just have a link. I mean, just when you select credit card, a links clicks at the top, it says it shows up at the top, or somewhere like run charge now, and you just click the link, which says, Do you want to save it? You say, yes, it runs the link. You're good. Now that's the least expensive technical solution. Now, if you want to, we can basically code the detail screen in a whiskey. And so when you go to create the payment, you hop out to whiskey and you do everything from over there,

Speaker 1  11:29
wait, you code the detail screen into a whiskey. What now, I mean,

Matthias Miller  11:35
you code A whiskey that does everything that the detail screen would do. Oh,

Speaker 1  11:43
yeah, so when, when on the menu, you would click Make a Payment, that would automatically fire the whiskey portal, and it would just basically do the exact same thing that. Why wouldn't we do that? Why wouldn't we do that and we do that. Why wouldn't we do that for everything, like whether it's check or credit card or ACH or blah, blah, blah, everything, everything goes that way.

Matthias Miller  12:10
The only reason you might not want to do I mean, if it's a choice, it's going to be maybe two or three times it's expensive to code the payment screen and two to three times as expensive to maintain, um, but,

Speaker 1  12:29
so the alternative would be to sweet talk Josh into a redirect at the point of save,

Matthias Miller  12:37
or to make the people click the link to Run the charge.

Speaker 1  12:41
Yeah, but, but here's the problem, you can't make them, that's the thing, sure, okay, and which leaves the door open for untransacted credit card payments,

Matthias Miller  12:53
right? But you also can't make them like in the same way you can't make them actually put in the credit card information and click the Next button, but I get it.

Speaker 1  13:04
Okay, riddle me this, unless we didn't allow them to save, unless payment information was in the transaction ID box. In other words, you would, well, I guess you know you'd have to save in order to push the record out to the whiskey server. Never mind. I'm stupid. I

Speaker 1  13:29
I don't know what it means by three times as expensive is that, is that it costs $1,000 to do it this way, and it costs $3,000 that way, or is it? It costs $1,000 this way and $30,000 do it the other way. I don't know what. I don't know what that well,

Matthias Miller  13:44
it's, I mean, I don't know the exact number here, but it's maybe more like, I don't know 1500 versus 5k or something.

Unknown Speaker  13:53
Okay, rude me this, if you

Unknown Speaker  14:00
were doing this for investor tools, which way would you go?

Matthias Miller  14:09
It's not a fair question, because investor tools users are

Speaker 1  14:16
conceptually I mean, okay, okay, fine. If we were doing it for, I don't know, stick other company in there. Like, no, actually, what I'm asking is, for a

Matthias Miller  14:30
typical client, we would just say, Click the Link. Oh, we can learn to do that, but we're not. We're OPT I mean, I think the issue that you're saying is we're optimizing for this is filter removed, low functioning, low intelligence, lazy employees. And if that's true, then I completely agree with you. You have to code a whiskey

Speaker 1  14:59
and. Right? Is it? Is it okay, this, this? Don't take offense to this. But is this, would it? Would it be valuable to bring Josh and Ellis onto this conversation and say, Okay, guys, here's the here's the question at hand, and I am, I am willing to go out and spend the money to do it through a whiz geek. I just want to make sure we've explored all the options.

Matthias Miller  15:29
I mean, you're welcome to get on my back. I'm not sure what they're I mean, we could also say, you start the process. Here's an idea. See, this isn't going to work, but terrible idea. You start the process by taking the payment, and then you go back and say what it was for. But that's not going to be that's not happy. I'm just really scared, honestly, of having it seems to me like a lot of logic, to have it sitting in the whiskey and have it disconnected, unless we come up with some kind of I don't even know. Seems to me like a lot of a lot of complexity for a little bit of gain, because we can't tell people that we can have a warning on Save warning, nothing will be charged until this is a credit card. Nothing will be charged until you click the link and enter the credit card. I mean, like, how stupid am I? I have to actually run a card.

Matthias Miller  16:51
But again, I mean, you're welcome to run a passive I don't know. I think the question is, again, completely removing all filters. How dumb are these people, and how forgetful are they, and how likely are they going to get, or maybe just, how distractible are they? How likely are they going to be in the middle of something, save and forget that they didn't run

Speaker 1  17:11
it? It's not a it's not will, will not be a consistent problem. To me. It's a problem of first impression, the first time you go to run that payment, a credit card transaction, and you figure out that it's a two step process to get to running that transaction. Both save the record and then click run the payment. Somebody's going to go, Well, this is just dumb.

Matthias Miller  17:33
Why wouldn't you just let me check one other thing I

Matthias Miller  18:17
so These are on. So let's do This.

Matthias Miller  18:39
Can't even Find the I'm

Unknown Speaker  19:13
tell me maybe

Matthias Miller  19:18
It's one of these issues I

Speaker 1  19:33
Yes, sorry, my brain wants to read that, not web sandbox, it's webs and box.

Matthias Miller  19:45
No, it's web sandbox.

Unknown Speaker  19:47
No, it's webs and box, webs and box webs, webs and box. I.

Matthias Miller  20:01
All right, that's the issue. They changed the link and I

Matthias Miller  20:11
Okay, this is a Okay. Let's go to issues. I

Matthias Miller  20:27
All right, let's do this.

Matthias Miller  20:39
Winston, Salem, Salisbury, see that's not going to work, though, because that's up here, so you hit credit. So that's the, that's that, yeah, I mean, I

Matthias Miller  21:18
is it? I mean, I think this is, but this is the sorry, if it's important that it's okay, first of all, first impressions, seems a little bit like smoke and mirrors, but fine, if it is important enough to have these first impressions. Here, there's one other thing I was going to check.

Matthias Miller  22:02
Okay, that's something completely different, which it's not really gonna help us. Okay. So if you say,

Speaker 1  22:17
Hold on a sec, hold on before you go any further, I need to take a look. Okay, so let's go to RTO Pro, okay, I'm going to react like I'm paying a payment. Okay, fine. Be that way. Close, that close, that close, that shed should just go. Here we go, go. Let me just go review the workflow.

Speaker 1  22:55
Okay, complete. We're going to set it to visa. I'm

Unknown Speaker  23:10
the Yeah, it's automatic redirect to the credit card provider. I'm

Speaker 1  23:30
okay, I could see a situation where, when you click save a message shows up the top it says, this credit card charge has not been this. This credit card has not been run. We'll just say that. Please click Make. Well, I don't know what whatever the URL would be, please click that URL. Or can it? Can the URL show up in the message like, please click here. No. Okay. And then it that, and unless the credit card transaction ID rights in there, then it's like, it that untransacted message stays there. But like the moment you you click the Make to run the credit card, it runs you out to the whatever we would use for a credit card interface, and what would the redirect back be like,

Matthias Miller  24:34
presumably, just redirect you back to the Detail screen to say, I I don't

Unknown Speaker  24:51
know how to make this decision.

Matthias Miller  24:53
Okay? I would tell you what I could do, what I would do if I were if, if, all things being equal, so. Yes,

Matthias Miller  25:07
I would, I think, I think Leanne is the one who has the concerns. So I would. I would have, when you select a payment method of credit card, you could have the link show up in big bold red letters, select credit card or proceed to payment. That prompts to save this record. When you click it, boom, it redirects you to a new page. You put it, the credit card details, all this stuff you have, the payment amount, the customer payment amount, and you select which payment method you add, whenever necessary, you hit run, charge now. And if it works, it works. If not, it stays there, and you try again. And when it works, it says something like,

Speaker 1  25:53
I mean, but if you're out there in that then if it doesn't work, you would, we would be able to field the error

Matthias Miller  25:57
message. We can still shove it back onto the payment record, but you could see it right there with the reason was for failure. And then when it's done, it say, would say in big green letters, payment successful, redirecting you in five seconds. Or I don't know where you want to go I like or do you want them to or we redirect back to the you've

Speaker 1  26:26
created a detail screen, or you've created a payment record. You've saved that payment record, you go out and transact the credit card, and the card fails, and the transaction the whatever reason, it's not actually a payment what are we going to do with that saved record?

Matthias Miller  26:41
Maybe a draft it's gonna stay in draft status.

Speaker 1  26:45
And so, so in theory, what I think I hear you saying is that the draft status would be that somehow, how would somehow you could see it. You could see that it was never transacted in the payment history of some sort, and the moment you want to come back and actually run that payment, it would have no impact to accounting. Would have no impact to contract balance. It would have no impact to EPO. Is that what I'm understanding

Matthias Miller  27:12
correct? And the moment, presumably, the moment that you create a new payment on or after that date, I mean, you can't create a payment before then, but create a new payment, it would automatically void that transaction. You can't edit it or run it, because it's going to affect like it's not valid anymore, or maybe it auto, auto voids at the end of the day. I

Speaker 1  27:43
What Give me? Give me all your concerns. Give me all the pros and cons for doing the entire payment screen out in a whizki,

Matthias Miller  27:52
like we originally planned. Yeah.

Speaker 1  27:54
So like, basically if we completely coded the detail screen for payments into a whizky And so the moment you click payment automatically, boom, you search your customer, and you're now in a total whiskey thing. All that the payment record is a read only record that gets created by the whizky portal.

Matthias Miller  28:13
Pros, full control over everything. Cons, the we need to make sure that we the cons is that now you have business logic living inside silver loom and inside the whiskey around payment details, and I have not thought through and how due dates get calculated, and what are the historical due dates, and, yeah, like, and when you pay this much, here's how it needs to get distributed, and all of that kinds of stuff. Now, could you theoretically have a world in which you can feed that business logic back and forth? I don't know if you even want to. I'm just saying. The con is that the business logic now lives in two different places, I think. But maybe you don't actually need that business logic, except in the payment screen, in which case it doesn't matter. But it is my concern. It seems like a lot of calculations that end up living in a separate place,

Matthias Miller  29:19
but we can still do it.

Speaker 1  29:33
All right, the pins going in this conversation, I need to think and talk with Leanne. I might talk to Josh about this and see get his thoughts on this and potentials for reader x, and this feels crucial, and it it's not one of these things where it's like it's it's not a pathway we can go down and easily back up from once we once we head. Down that path. It feels like to me, maybe I'm wrong.

Matthias Miller  30:05
If user I think, I think the primary reason that I'm blocking, I

Matthias Miller  30:16
mean, there are ways to mitigate this support burden, but very likely, when we take make any kinds of changes to payments in any kind of way, we're going to need to have a process by which we test the payments portal before we update changes and like, again, it's just, it's very doable. It's just more expensive, more of a maintenance burden and and from a software architecture standpoint, personally, my bias is towards simplicity. But if it is a non negotiable to have a streamline flow, let's just bite the bullet and let's figure out how to manage the complexity. That's fine. So you can have those conversations. You can put a pin in it, but there you go.

Speaker 1  31:02
Yeah. Yeah, let's, let's put a pin in it. Let's, I, I gotta get this. We gotta get this right, and it's gotta, it's gotta flow well. I

Matthias Miller  31:23
So side note, investor tools is something similar to what you're asking for. There's something called a subscription notice. And when you have an incident in here, it's not very bold, but it shows the the let's see, where is it?

Speaker 1  31:39
Well, okay, no, let me, let me, let me describe Okay, there is a here. I'm just gonna let me just show you. This is where is I'll show you how it's being used. And I'm Yeah, so in the directions little box there or comments, but usually it goes and they put in the directions box. I don't know what the directions box is actually for, but whatever. Oftentimes people in RTO will put some sort of top of, top of the mind, you know, warning message. Like, I just, I came across this the other day because I heard, overheard an RTO, and they were talking about this one customer. And I walked over and, and literally, right there, in the directions box was this, like, watch out. This person is grumpy, um, note. And it's just, like, you know, maybe it's a, I don't know. It's just some way of of having a, you know, very simple. I was kidding about the blinking red, whatever that that part I was, I was, I was kidding about, but some way on the when you open up a contact record, you look up a customer, you get on the contact record is, is something at the top, it's just like, Hey, watch out this, this person is, is such and such, or maybe it's the summary. We have a summary. We have the summary. Oh, never mind. We have a summary. Hear

Matthias Miller  33:16
that. Do you need to show it on any other records?

Speaker 1  33:20
No, it's only, it's only like we have decided that the contact record is the primary record that you end up on, and then that's how you get out to the to the contract. From there, you can see payment history from here, so on and so forth. Yeah, the summary is good. Never mind. I forgot about the summary. Be cool if we could have some, some some formatting, but now that's that's perfect. Never mind. I forgot about summary,

Matthias Miller  33:49
dun, dun, dun, dun. All right. Where to from here?

Speaker 1  33:59
What was the conversation? We punted. Oh, depreciation. Can I get a depreciation? Yes, appreciation is fun.

Matthias Miller  34:09
So here's, I have a few questions on depreciation. Does do people vary on maybe this is a two DB thing. Does depreciation always run on it? Does it like, does depreciate schedules vary? Does it vary based on like, does depreciation start when you buy it? Is it always the length of the contract terms, or does it always sync to the contact contract? I mean, I

Speaker 1  34:43
uh, depreciation is synced to the product, and it is generally, um, generally it, well, okay, the way that RTO Pro works, you can have a couple different like, you can create a couple different agents, and then. Have, they have 10 different types of depreciation available, term of lease, straight line over lease, term modified term of lease, no depreciation while in stock. Is there a way that I can I was No, not necessarily. I was, I thought maybe they would give some some what do they have? A help on this? I don't we could any one of these we can throw into chat. GPT would probably tell us a whole lot about it. Modified term release, no depression while in stock. Makers, GDS, 200 dB. Hy, five year recovery period. Makers, GDS, 200 dB, h, y, convention, three year recovery. Period, straight line, number of months is changeable. In other words, you can define the number of months. Well, there's a whole bunch of there's a whole bunch of makers, 200 dB, for two year, three year and five year recovery. And then there is, oh my goodness, there's a maker's GDS, 200 dB, h y convention, two year recovery period for Indian reservations. Oh, that's fun. Yeah, no kidding. And so, so here's, here's what I'm wondering. I'm wondering if, if I was to go, if I was gonna have a long conversation with grok or chat GBT and say, Okay, let's talk about all the different depreciation methods out there and see if we can find out fielding for it and and say, you know, basically, if we could build a depreciation agent record, and we had A way that people should could literally go and configure their own depreciation method. In other words, go figure out whatever depreciation method you want to use, and then here's how you build it. And we don't, we don't go and give them all these options. We give them a way to build the depreciation record. You

Matthias Miller  37:04
units of production doesn't apply and depletion, okay, I'm

Speaker 1  37:25
Oh, hallelujah, look at this. Okay, so let's slide this over here, and let's see if I can. Can I print to see all depreciation top topics I

Speaker 1  38:01
I mean, RTO Pro has a whole instructions for setting up depreciation help document. And here is a link to the PDF publication. This link was good as of 2014 Hardy har, you tell me you're gonna give me a PDF link from 2014 so

Matthias Miller  38:36
we're limited to time based appreciation, I would think for the sake of transparency,

Matthias Miller  38:55
why can't We on the depreciation method just basically have an explanation of, this is a eighth grade education level explanation of this is how it works. And for, especially for, like, some of the year years, digits and or have an expression, have it be an expression that evaluates so you could still show the specific some of the year digits for the for the company, but we don't have to get fancy about it.

Unknown Speaker  39:36
So you're saying, basically we code all this under the hood. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  39:44
We have, the definition will have two expressions. One is basically a memo expression that says, Please explain this contract for this in the context of this product. So for some of the years. Budgets, then it would auto generate a table that says, year one, it's a three year term. So year one, let's see. It's 12312, it's it's three of six, two of six and one of six. Times the value equals total depreciation of the year and total depreciation of the month so that you can send the monthly depreciation and

Matthias Miller  40:30
and then. But then, as far as functionally, I guess, here's another question with depreciation, when depreciation methods change or valuation changes, or you overpaid appreciation. Do you want to use the current method based on the depreciation you've paid to date? So for example, straight line depreciation makes it simple, 20% every year. Well, it's salvage value is 20% to keep it simple, it's a four year term. To make it simple, you depreciate 20% every year. So so that accounts for 100% of the price. So first years you should be depreciation, depreciating, it 20% but you accidentally over depreciate. And so now, what do you do? Do you take the current value that you have now, which is over depreciated, and do you just adjust the depreciation going forward so you depreciate less every month, or do you say, well, you over depreciated. We're not going to depreciate it until we're back on schedule based on the start date. So we should have taken 20% we took 25% Partway into year two, where we're going to skip some depreciation for year two, and then we're going to pick up where we left off. Does that make any sense?

Speaker 1  42:10
Yeah, what are the scenarios where you would end up in over, over or under, depreciating

Matthias Miller  42:17
change, building value set of change, depreciation methods. For some reason you messenger the terms you repo it. The most common case probably would be you had it as a 36 month contract, and then you repo it and resell it as a 60 month and so now you've over depreciated it. You also have the under under depreciation issue, which is, you had it as a 60 minute contract, and if you shorten it to 36 months, do you want to do a single catch up depreciation, or do you want to effectively just increase the remaining depreciation going forward? Yeah,

Speaker 2  43:00
what

Matthias Miller  43:21
we do in assist, just to give you context, is we use the current we use the current value, minus salvage value, and we're there. We only support straight line. But

Speaker 1  43:37
what's the deal with salvage value? Because it's not something that we currently use in RTO pro what is salvage value?

Matthias Miller  43:47
Salvage value says that it's worth this much at the end of its life. And so if it's,

Speaker 1  43:56
how do you define that at the beginning of the at the at the point of entry,

Matthias Miller  44:03
you you have a standard number, probably most likely a percentage.

Speaker 1  44:09
And this is, this is standard practice for depreciation,

Matthias Miller  44:13
asset depreciation, but, but if, if it doesn't, if, if RTO pro doesn't handle salvage value, then maybe we don't need it. Does it? Just appreciate it down to zero?

Speaker 1  44:27
Yes. Okay, because so it's, it's a bit different than, than, say, like, what's a business holding assets in the way that, yes,

Matthias Miller  44:45
it only has value because it has least attached to it. Basically,

Speaker 1  44:49
yeah, so, but essentially so you're holding it on your books until two things happen, or three things happen. One, it is. Or paid out early, at which point it gets depreciated immediately to zero.

Matthias Miller  45:06
I mean, it's technically, probably expensed out as a sale of an asset, but yes,

Speaker 1  45:10
exactly. And then, in the case of paid out, paid out is where they went full term on contract. That's, that's the secondary method. Third method is, it's completely lost. Those would be the three, the three things that can happen with a building on the books. So in in the case, when I say completely lost, there's a number of options that we have in RTO Pro to say we're writing off this building, or it's lost, or it's, there's, there's a bunch of different closure methods on a building, all of which have impacts on on depreciation.

Matthias Miller  45:59
Okay? I mean, here's an example. You have a truck. And, you know, this is this, this is probably just stupid third grader language. But you know that if, even if everything goes sideways, you can take the truck to the car crushers and get, you know, $10 a ton for your scrap as scrap battle. I mean, it's like, no matter what happens to it, it still will. Is going to hold this much value, even if it's, you know, I don't know. I don't know how you determine that. I'm just saying. That's probably just a really stupid example. You should ask Brock. Okay, so then we need to handle lost buildings. Let me see

Speaker 1  46:44
if I can get a list of options on closeouts.

Matthias Miller  46:56
Building closeouts.

Speaker 1  46:58
Yeah, so there's damage waiver fee write off, which would be a building that was destroyed, and it's being written off underneath Damage Waiver fee, there is charge off. And boy, what is hang on a second. Let me see if I can get some. They have things like skip and repossession. Well, okay, repossession returned, picked up. All those are, is in relation to the building. But a skip, I think the building disappeared, I think is what kind of like skip tracing. I think that's what they're using that one for. Theoretically, you could put a building a contract into skip status, and you may actually bring it back out of skip status in the event that you found it. But charge off and damage waiver fee write off are two things that we will need to to handle. Repossession is not something from a, from a, from a depreciation standpoint, repossession and pick up and returned. All of those are, are the building stays on the books and continues to depreciate itself until the ultimate outcome. If

Matthias Miller  48:12
you have a second con, if you issue a second contract, then do we always use the latest contract to calculate depreciation? No,

Speaker 1  48:20
so, and that's, that's where it gets a little bit. This is where I never could quite understand why. Okay, the way that RTO pro handles, this is the first contract sets the length of straight line depreciation. And no matter how many times you rent it after that, it stays on the originals, contracts, depreciation method. Now, I could see the government saying that's exactly how they want it. I think it would be confusing to let's say you, you put it on a 60 month straight line depreciation, turn around and re put two months later, and it goes on on a 36 Do you really want to rejigger the depreciation on the

Unknown Speaker  49:05
building? Right?

Speaker 1  49:07
I mean that you know, you have more knowledge of the depreciation side of things than I do. RTO pro doesn't it continues to depreciate on its own, on its original term. I

Matthias Miller  49:24
well, I feel like this is an accounting question. I mean, I feel like what I think this is a

Speaker 1  49:37
and yes, I can, I can go get, I can go get advice on this? I know that most, most companies are doing straight line depreciation, and they're in RTO Pro. There's two options for straight line depreciation. You can set the depreciation months. You can define it, or it's always by length of term. Yeah.

Speaker 1  50:09
And the way that, the way that RTO pro handles this, is you build, you set up an agent, which, inside of the agent has a has a method. And then every single time that you are doing contract entry, you just choose an agent to assign it to. Now, I kind of like that method, because that way, huh, who's the agent? You just name an agent whatever you want to name it. It's, it's, it's, whatever you want to call it, but it basically, it minimizes the list of options that that a company can do when doing contract entry. So you don't, you don't have 10 different methods of depreciation to glance through and pick the right one every single time, you just pick the right agent and that has the right depreciation method inside of it.

Matthias Miller  50:52
So agent doesn't mean anything. It's just a grouping That's right, that doesn't make sense. What you would call it an agent. Then,

Speaker 1  51:00
instead of, yeah, we can, we can go, we can go that route. I get a little bit nervous at the idea if we're gonna have a whole bunch of methods of depreciation, that you're going to select that list of depreciation methods every single time that you do contract entry, like, I kind of want to set up the method for depreciation. And okay, so maybe it is, maybe it is on the the company record. You just say, well, here's my here's my regular depreciation, here's my book depreciation methods, and you define that on the company record, and if you change it on the company record, every contract going forward from there now depreciates

Matthias Miller  51:37
on the new method. Seems to me, me, why would you not want to do that, unless you have things like an Indian reservation or something where

Speaker 1  51:48
there may be situations where you have to have other depreciation methods, because, I don't know, maybe a state requires it, or, you know, Indian Reservation requires it. Yeah, awesome. Now I could see, I could see having an RG of depreciation methods on the company record that you can pick from and assign. You know, we use these three depreciation methods type out of the whole entire list of depreciation methods that we have in the system. That would be another way to handle it. And you can define on that RG line whether it's book or whether it's whatever the other one is.

Matthias Miller  52:35
Okay? And do you know enough about methods that book versus tax, like, do those do this methods apply to both book and tax?

Speaker 1  52:44
Yeah, so, so, so the same methods apply to either book and tax, but oftentimes, companies will use two different methods simultaneously for both book and tax, like that. But it's like, the same, the same, like, it's still from the same list of depreciation types,

Matthias Miller  53:01
but you only do it on an annual basis. So you'll calculate the depreciation, the tax depreciation for that tax year, which is a side note, if you have a if you have a run depending on your fiscal year, we may want to have a process by which we record, calculate record book depreciation, given that people may have fiscal years to end on June 30 as an example.

Speaker 1  53:33
You know what I need to do. I need to go. I need to go sit down with Chase Venable and say, Hey, Chase, you're a you're a financial guru. Let's talk the depreciation. How would you want depreciation to work in a software and just spend an hour, spend an hour and a half or two hours with them, and just rattle away on depreciation for a while.

Matthias Miller  53:58
You need to do that, because we don't have enough information here. Can

Speaker 1  54:02
you do me a favor? Could you it would be valuable for you to ask a whole like to list a bunch of questions that You would love to have answers to

Matthias Miller  54:10
Sure? So

Speaker 1  54:16
I What do you mean by does it ever follow building purchases?

Speaker 1  57:10
I can't imagine this would happen, but if somebody were to negotiate an early payoff for less than the value of the building, I. What do you mean by does it ever follow building purchases. What do you mean by does it ever follow building purchases. I guess, transfers sale that doesn't make sense. but let's just, just, well, okay, so then it would be here, I think I think the question is not the question does depreciation. always term, the on Sure. contract terms, and can you re redo the term based on. a resold repo? Sure. I you. Well, okay, your last part of the question there, when no contract is active, you stay on the Original lease term. But, yeah, is there ever a term, ever a point? That you would want to do something special With depreciation,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:10
right?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:13
It's a valid Question. I

Matthias Miller  1:01:52
Okay, okay.

Speaker 1  1:02:14
And if we end a little bit early this afternoon, that's fine. I gotta run to the to Charlotte to pick up Leanne. So okay, my hard cut off time is, is a couple minutes before three, but

Matthias Miller  1:02:30
Okay, well, that wouldn't be opposed either contract entry. I

Matthias Miller  1:03:20
I'm going to assume that you're going to create depreciation events.

Speaker 1  1:03:41
I think the answer that question is RTO pro currently fields a a depreciation start date, which normally auto fills with, like, when you're when you're starting a contract, it just auto fills that you have ability to override it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:04:11
you could say, this is weird, but you could say, if you need to, if you want to change depreciation on a building, you effectively close out one building and you and you recreate it with a new purchase amount, almost like an internal sale. It's a little weird. Yeah, it's a little weird. All right, does that give you something? That gives you something to run off of? I don't know how much it's stupid or good, but there's questions at

Speaker 1  1:04:42
least. Oh, oh, I'll read through it, and this would, this is one of those things where I need to make sure that we like reporting on this building reporting on this. We can figure that out like that's not hard to figure out, but it's it is making sure that we. Be making sure that the workflow makes sense and that we are handling all the nuances around this particular depreciation. Because, I mean, this particular depreciation is different than, like, like, holding assets, and, you know, it's different from Holding, holding a truck, or, you know, a roll forming machine or or something like that. Like this is you are, you are holding an item on your books and depreciating it with the intent to ultimately sell, like to close it out as a sale,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:31
yep.

Speaker 1  1:05:36
Okay, got my work cut out for me. Um, tomorrow, what do you want to work on tomorrow? Let's, let's. Let's do a quick. Let's do a quick.

Matthias Miller  1:05:50
So if Sean gets the mock up tomorrow, the product mock up, we could work on that. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:56
I haven't

Matthias Miller  1:05:59
heard from him yet, so I don't really know.

Matthias Miller  1:06:09
We could bring Alice in to chat about, you could have that independently to chat about the payment whiskey stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:21
Ah. I

Speaker 1  1:06:23
feel a little bit like we need to have just a, let's go through the whole entire thing and where's the, where's the hole that we need to really address that we haven't thought about yet, and because at some point we need to get real intentional about data migration stuff. I don't know that we need to get real intentional about data migration before the NSRA. We just, I mean, because we can just put a bunch of dummy data in for the sake of that. But there's other things like I really want to talk about there, what chart capabilities? Graph and chart capabilities there are. I came across this really stinking cool chart that's a part of assists, a part of only it is a process graph. It's in, it's in, like the it's in the standard menu. And have you ever seen this thing? No, go to go to, I

Matthias Miller  1:07:35
don't know where I'm going

Unknown Speaker  1:07:36
go to User folder or get get to the standard menu, the standard list of reports. Type in graph. It is. It's one of those two. Okay? It's not that one.

Matthias Miller  1:07:57
It's this guy, right?

Speaker 1  1:08:00
And, I mean, you can click on any one of those spots in the bars, and it opens up fun, little fun, little funsies, and little this, that's and the next thing, like, like, Dude, this is insanely cool. And it's like, how do we, how do we build these

Matthias Miller  1:08:12
things? Well, just figure out what you want. We'll build it.

Speaker 1  1:08:16
Because that is, that is, like, pretty stinking cool. Agreed it would be, it would be really nice for a short tour of possibilities, maybe on investor tools side of what, what is possible from charts and dashboards and and some of those types of things. Because this whole, this whole creating charts, is something that assist does not have for the most part. And it's something I have a whole, I have a whole kind of, I'll call it a Pinterest board. It's not a Pinterest board, it's a it's a Google Drive folder. I'll call it my Pinterest board of dashboard like, off of other, off of other softwares. And the is there, okay, Read with me. This is there a way on initial login to force somebody to the exact same spot every single time,

Matthias Miller  1:09:15
best restricted user? Yes,

Speaker 1  1:09:20
um, as a regular, because, because my understanding, just from usage, is you always tend to land at the last spot that you used,

Matthias Miller  1:09:30
or the tab

Speaker 1  1:09:32
or the I don't know. I don't menu. I don't know. I don't know. Like, I don't really ever pay much attention to where. You know, if I open up a new tab and hit assist, I don't play a whole lot of attention to where it directs me. But you don't land at the same spot every time.

Matthias Miller  1:09:48
No. So if you click here and hit sales reps and now you open it up over here, you're gonna land on the sales tab, yeah, phone menu and but don't click anything. And you'll end up at the sales tab. If you hit phone menu and click this and land here, then you end up in the phone menu so it's based on the last place you open the report.

Speaker 1  1:10:10
Is there any, is there any capability for some type of like, I don't particularly like the idea that dashboards are okay, no backup. The way that, the way that HubSpot does this, is you can, you can get like, you can set your initial landing point, and it would be, I don't know, it would be really stinking cool, like if, if, every time you hit your, every time you hit your the URL to log in, like, in some way, form or fashion, I don't know, I want to make sure they hit dashboards, because dashboards need to look

Matthias Miller  1:11:01
cool. So you would like to replace the homepage. I think that's I'm not up to date on all that stuff. Josh should be the easiest person to ask. And I know we've talked about, for some companies, having a My mind is blinking. Hang on, let me check something because you said you already have.

Matthias Miller  1:11:32
You didn't see it here. I

Speaker 1  1:11:34
didn't see what this. You're not seeing this, okay? I don't even know what I'm looking at. So

Matthias Miller  1:11:43
there you go. Well, I thought that. I thought we had a custom menu at some point. I

Unknown Speaker  1:12:03
let's do this.

Matthias Miller  1:12:11
Maybe we never did it. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:12:25
I guess I mean the integrations folder I'm

Matthias Miller  1:12:50
I won't show the files in here, that's why. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:12:55
wait, did I see you can change the header color based on the detail screen that you're on, not header color, but like the group header colors, I saw one with green, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:13:11
is all their stuff green. This is a system, system wide, yeah, all their stuff is green.

Speaker 1  1:13:16
Oh, gotcha, gotcha. So you don't, you can't necessarily set it based on on certain detail screens,

Matthias Miller  1:13:23
right? Yeah, gotcha. Okay. I don't have a good example. I think, I think that was a client we had talked about, but we didn't up to not to create a custom kind of home screen for them. I think there might be some interest in this, but I don't know where it's at,

Speaker 1  1:13:41
and maybe it is that we just feel standard dashboards. That's, that's one of the things I want to talk about at some point, is talking about how dashboards work, because I, I filtered around with them enough to know that there, there's, there's some pretty cool stuff there. Yeah, all right, tomorrow.

Matthias Miller  1:13:56
Sweet, awesome. Thank you, sir. Tomorrow. Oh, one question, Dwayne in on the 21st can we bump our call back by 30 minutes, 12 to 130 to give more room to assist?

Unknown Speaker  1:14:13
Think so.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:17
Not that. And

Speaker 1  1:14:20
let's get rid of this, this, this, go away. You come here 21st you say, the

Unknown Speaker  1:14:34
only, the only restriction I have is a two o'clock. Okay, so I mean, if we're done by 130 fine,

Matthias Miller  1:14:44
there we should be. I mean, should be okay, I will do that. That. All right, sweet,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:50
you want to, you want to, you want to do what? 12 to 130

Matthias Miller  1:14:54
12 to 130 Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:14:57
okay. I. Okay, well, Mark had talked about nixing this one because he asked me to create a a conversation with about retrievals with Josh on this, on the 930 time frame. Or maybe that's why, maybe that's why you're saying this.

Matthias Miller  1:15:18
That's why he's moving it. He wants the 930 time frame with Josh and then

Unknown Speaker  1:15:22
gotcha, gotcha, gotcha, that makes

Matthias Miller  1:15:24
sense. We got our set of retrievals done. Seth and I

Unknown Speaker  1:15:30
indeed Okay. All right.

Matthias Miller  1:15:32
Talk tomorrow. Thank you. Goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai