Unknown Speaker  00:17
Hey, there, hello,

Matthias Miller  00:20
hi, hey, Micah, all right, how's your, how's your Friday going? Micah, oh,

Micah Hostetler  00:30
it's been a, it's, it's, it's been a day already, already.

Matthias Miller  00:39
I'm sorry, okay. Yeah, yep. All right. Well, I wanted to just start out, got a bunch of, I think potentially, a bunch of stuff to cover. It's gonna feel like a short amount of time, but I wanted to start out a little bit just hearing from you. Micah, from your perspective, how it's been going, what are things have been working well? What are things that have not been working so well and kind of get your feedback from your perspective.

Micah Hostetler  01:11
Let me check one thing here.

Micah Hostetler  02:06
Okay, can you hear me?

Matthias Miller  02:09
Yes, I can hear you. Okay.

Micah Hostetler  02:13
I think as far as the messaging part and everything, things are getting better. I feel like there's a couple leads that are very close to buying. My frustration on everything has been on the advertising side of it. I don't know what Facebook did, but I cannot get my ads to run through marketplace with just locally. And I have tried so many different things, but it always switches over to nationwide. And when I go into ad manager and I change it to the area that I want, they never run.

Matthias Miller  02:59
Have you tried when you when you turn it on for the first time? Does it give you an advantage plus option or not? Yes. And you tried turning it that off before you

Micah Hostetler  03:12
I have not. I well, I try. I tried turning it off, but it did not give me an option as to my audience. So I left it on, but I didn't think

Matthias Miller  03:29
so. It's frustrating,

Micah Hostetler  03:30
because there's a lot of people that are advertising all kinds of stuff they don't want nationwide. Yeah, for real.

Matthias Miller  03:41
So on that point, on the advertising front, this is I had wrenches and gears because of my I don't know, it looks like you're dropping off. Are you? Are you able to hear me? Yeah. Okay, so I had some I talked to Jonathan. I took a red eye Monday night to spend three days at a conference. So I've been kind of out of pocket, but I talked to him, my marketing guy on the website and and Google ads, and so he'd be very interested. I think next steps on That would be lost. Hello. Hello.

Micah Hostetler  05:01
All right, I think I met,

Matthias Miller  05:05
I think so, see if do you have an option you could switch to phone audio on your end. I think that might be, there's an easy way to do that that might help on our end, at least, there you go, let's try that. So next steps in the marketing side, I think, would be to set up a meeting with you and and and Jonathan and walk through what what is left on the website? What do you want to see? What needs to happen and and kind of figure out scope, and then in the end, then just take a look at there. Yeah, take a look where to go from there. If we go down the marketing route, we're going to also want, we're going to want to set up a text messaging number that that we all have access to, right and so that, and if we want to go down that route, we should get that set up started sooner rather than later, because approvals have just been a nightmare for for people,

Micah Hostetler  06:30
approvals for what? So

Matthias Miller  06:32
you need to get approval when, when you well, actually, we might have to get the website part done first. But when you use SMS, when you when you have a when you have marketing to collect a phone number and then you want to text the person afterward, you need to you need to go through an approval process to be able to send them messages through VoIP. So if you're just using a cell phone, that's not a problem. But the moment you use the VoIP number, and it's kind of marketing connected. You gotta, I don't know if it's the FTC or exactly who the governing agency is, but you gotta report in. How are you gonna use it? What are you gonna use it for? Are you getting permission for to text people and just a bunch of compliance related questions, gotcha. And, I mean, yeah, SMS is hot. It's, it's, it works really well, which is why they're regulating it, because it always happens in marketing, you know, something that works, and the bad guys make it bad for the good guys. So anyway, it's the way the world.

Matthias Miller  07:50
All right, so, and I guess the question for me would be right off the bat, do you do you know offhand he's best in the afternoons, typically, probably one or two o'clock at the earliest our time. Do you have, do you know off the top of your head if there's some time when there would be an open slap for you, or good time for you? I

Matthias Miller  08:40
I don't know if you caught that or not. Did you get that? What's that? So would you? Would you have? What's your schedule like? If we would it be late afternoon, time together. I couldn't hear you now. Sorry.

Micah Hostetler  09:00
Today is full. I think I know I'm full until early afternoon, but next week, I don't really have anything like a hard schedule on anything next week, so pretty much any day next week, if I know which day it is. I'll just plan it in

Matthias Miller  09:23
Okay, let me, let me get with him, and we'll be it doesn't matter like, like this is three o'clock in the afternoon. Any of those days is that that a fine time frame? Three should be fine. Yeah. Okay, so I'll reach out to him and

Matthias Miller  09:55
and then let you know as soon as i know i.

Matthias Miller  10:02
Yeah, good. So it has been really useful to have access to your old conversations, at least on our end. And access to messenger has been working well. And having having go high level to track the pipeline has been good, I think, I think the so there are a few challenges we're running into. It sounds to me like there's maybe some technical issues with text messages not going through or something.

Micah Hostetler  10:38
I had one. I had a couple times where Audra sent me text messages and it didn't make sense to me, and then hours later, those messages came in, I don't know, some of this past weekend. So I was in. We were planning to go to Missouri for Easter, and then we gave it up, and so I didn't schedule accordingly. And then last minute, we left anyhow, and went to Missouri. So I was not prepared, and I wasn't set up, and I was traveling, and I still have not gone through all my text messages and stuff. Caught up with stuff. We got home Wednesday evening, so some of that probably was just me missing it, or thinking I replied, It sure,

Matthias Miller  11:30
what's the most helpful would it be? Would it be easier for you? It's it's a little hard to Yeah, I think one thing, one thing, one thing that would be nice is just, it's hard to remember, but just when, even on the last minute thing, a quick text saying, Hey, we're going out of town for a few days. Any, any small amount really helps. But is there should we take a look at because you spend so much time on the road? Would it be easier for you if Audrey just put together a list of, alright, here's my questions, and then you guys, she just calls you, you know, I don't know, 1030 in the morning or whatever works set. It kind of set a semi regular time when she could just call you and go through these things.

Micah Hostetler  12:16
Yeah, that would be great. But even if she's talking to someone and she just wants to call me. There are times when that's better than a text message. So then, then for me to reply to a text. Okay, like if she's if she's in the middle of a conversation, she sent the text and doesn't get and I don't reply within 10 minutes, feel free to call me. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  12:38
Just make better use of phone calls then,

Micah Hostetler  12:42
because when I'm driving, I can easily call, I can easily take a phone call where I'm trying to not text.

Micah Hostetler  12:57
So some of the stuff with the links. I like the links to the messages. However, it doesn't work on my phone, so the only time I get to actually do that and go to the messages is when I have my computer set up, and then I copy and paste. And I can do that. I just the last week, I have spent very little time in front of my computer,

Matthias Miller  13:25
so screenshots would actually be better for you then, oh, yeah,

Micah Hostetler  13:31
probably Okay,

Matthias Miller  13:33
good to know. Yes, makes makes sense well.

Speaker 1  13:37
And in a phone call, I can probably give you the context. You wouldn't necessarily have to read it the same way. It's hard to text it, so maybe that shots and phone calls.

Micah Hostetler  13:48
There's a lot of times when I kind of have an idea about the conversation, just because I see messages pop up, my notifications are on so I kind of know which direction you're going. But then sometimes I don't see that. Oh, you're stuck somewhere.

Micah Hostetler  14:08
And then the worst part about it is I kind of know which what you're talking about. But then how far back do I have to go to find it? Would you send me the links? But on my phone, it doesn't work,

Unknown Speaker  14:21
right? Okay.

Micah Hostetler  14:26
But yeah, a lot of it, I mean, I just need to get back. I just need to go into stuff for the last couple weeks. Yeah, I probably have a list.

Speaker 1  14:42
Well, I have a list that we could go through and go high level, and maybe we could find a time to do that. If you have time, I can call you and we can just go through it. Maybe I can clear a lot of that stuff on the phone. And if that's a good way to do it, I'm happy to happy to do that. I.

Micah Hostetler  15:01
Yeah, I'm trying to think if there would be a time to go through that

Unknown Speaker  15:07
it doesn't necessarily help you today.

Micah Hostetler  15:13
Well, would it be better like for the ones that you're you know, you're asking me questions to look at stuff like that. Would it be better if we looked at it together and just went over it together? Yeah, I

Speaker 1  15:24
think it would be great if we could find a time to do that. Do you mean, like, do you want to look at it? You want to find a time to actually sit down and visually, like, zoom? Or could, should we call and I can just talk you through it?

Micah Hostetler  15:39
It wouldn't have to be zoom, even if we can talk on the phone, but if I can have the messages, if I can have a time where I could sit down by the computer right and just pull up a conversation and I can talk to you and kind of talk you through it,

Unknown Speaker  15:56
well, would you have time on Monday to do that?

Micah Hostetler  16:00
I could do it Monday. Morning Okay, at this point yeah,

Speaker 1  16:03
why don't we maybe plan on doing that Monday, morning and then and then we can get that cleared out and have a better clear week. Next week hopefully that would be good. Yeah, okay,

Micah Hostetler  16:17
do you put stuff into a CRM like as far as leads are hot or cold or

Speaker 1  16:23
kind of I do I have a tag for hot leads right now, and I kind of show you how that goes if you want I know you're you're driving right now, right? So sharing it with you no sense, but maybe on Monday, I can send that to you as well

Micah Hostetler  16:38
there is a guy, I he's

Micah Hostetler  16:53
in Montana southern Part of Montana I think he's interested in a i

Micah Hostetler  17:05
He's interested in a 40 by 60, and he is almost there like he is right on the verge of buying and I know you had quoted him the building and everything on it, so I thought we might want to keep an eye on that. You can help me. I want to call him today. Okay, great. He wants to do, he wants to do house wrap, and I'm getting them a price on what that's going to cost him. Great. So

Speaker 1  17:32
happen to remember his name, because unfortunately, those two pieces of information I'm not tracking very well.

Micah Hostetler  17:37
That's the thing I thought, is like I thought he left me a voicemail, but he didn't Okay.

Speaker 1  17:46
Well, I can find him in my pipelines I'm sure, but, and I do, I vaguely remember who you're talking about, but I can't remember the name, so I just have to kind of click through and find

Micah Hostetler  17:54
it. Yeah. Can't you search messenger to see or do you just search your

Speaker 1  18:00
Yeah? I can probably, well, sort of, I can sort of, search messenger. It's not search

Micah Hostetler  18:05
the CRM, and then have a link to the messages,

Speaker 1  18:10
yeah, so CRM, I know their names. I know the link to the messenger I can search by their bill Yeah,

Micah Hostetler  18:18
Bill Wood, I think

Speaker 1  18:20
is his name, that's right. I have Bill Wood. I'll find him. I do have him marked as hot and in the site visit schedules, which is sort of my dump for your dealing with it, you're probably about to close it. So that's where he's actually at then, right? Yeah,

Micah Hostetler  18:34
and I talked to him Tuesday morning, great. And he told me he just flat, told me, said he's 90% there to just go with me, great. So as someone that I want to keep, keep track of the one I was driving when she messaged, and for some reason, when I switched the 3d builder to Rocky Mountain structures, I did no longer get the email. So if someone replies to the 3d builder email, I'm supposed to get an email.

Speaker 1  19:10
Oh, that's right, the email issue. I also remember that name, but I

Micah Hostetler  19:15
can find it that her name is Robin, I believe. Okay, Goff. Last Name Goff. Well, his name is Kyle Goff. I

Speaker 1  19:26
got it. It's in my ready to quote. And

Micah Hostetler  19:29
with Easter weekend and me driving, and when I finally did get to mopped at 4am I forgot to actually send her the thing. And right, you see, my messages have not replied. So I don't know if we lost her. I'm not sure how to handle that right now. I tried to call him yesterday, so I don't know if they've moved on or

Speaker 1  19:51
Yeah, I hadn't followed up with her. She's I have her marked as ready to quote, and I have it marked as you have to do it because some of because of some reason, I suppose that might be the. Email issue because I can't see what's going on. So we can sit down. We can sure sit down, and we could be better. I could be better about calling you and talking you through the things that are in my pipeline. And if that's the way to do it, then that's probably what we should start doing next week. Okay, because these people are in there and it looks like they're in the right place. It's just a matter of closing the loops on a lot of this stuff. So no,

Micah Hostetler  20:23
go ahead. I was gonna say my my office right now has been up people. I almost got it ready, and then I've got Louis Yoder working on the house, and then just with me trying to get work going, and trying to have extra income to pay him for stuff and everything has just kind of been keeping me away from my desk. So it's hard for me to sit down and catch up on those things. You know, even just a half hour a day or an hour a day would do a lot of that. Absolutely, yeah, it's just been hard for me to carve out that time last week and this week, that will change soon. Even

Matthias Miller  21:06
with that it could, it could be really useful to have Audra. I mean, she can help manage on, rather than you keeping everything in your head about, okay, who do I need to follow up with? Who are the hot leads? Where are they at? Whatever she could help, kind of speaking, on your behalf, Audra, but

Speaker 1  21:23
that's fine. I mean, this information is in here. So if, and I think we're identifying something important in terms of, I didn't know that was a roadblock, or didn't expect that to be a roadblock, and didn't realize that over the past two weeks, you haven't been able to do that so well. So you know, it makes a lot of sense to get on the phone and clear this stuff out. Yeah,

Micah Hostetler  21:42
yeah. And I always, I'm hesitant to call you because I didn't know if you wanted phone calls or not. Like, there's times when I see a text come in, oh yeah. And I'm like, I could just call you real quick, but I'm like, No, you know, I don't know what. Some people don't some people just don't want to do the phone call.

Speaker 1  21:59
That's fine. You can always call me. I think I'm so used to text that I don't tend to call as much as I could. And I think maybe that's just a blind spot I have. I just I text everybody. I very rarely make phone calls anymore. I'm out of the habit. But if I, especially if we set something up to where I know I'm supposed to call you once a day to clear these things out, I'll remember to do that. That makes a lot of sense to me. So

Micah Hostetler  22:20
here's where I'm at with my priority. Phone calls get top priority. So like I just I met with a guy in bubble right now by nine o'clock, and I just left him when I called, when I got out with you guys,

Micah Hostetler  22:38
when I get off, if I see a phone call, voicemails, those are the ones that get my priority. Okay? So if that takes me an hour to get to take care of that stuff, that's an hour before I even look at my text message. That makes if I'm at my next main meeting already, I still haven't replied to my text messages, right? So those get pushed off, but then I catch up with my text messages before I moved to other messages or I mean, past few weeks, I barely looked at my email, which is terrible, right? But it's like I can't even keep up with everything going on. I have been able to keep up with phone call I've been getting. It's crazy. I'm getting a lot more phone calls. Like, for the amount of phone calls I'm getting, I should be getting 100 messages, Facebook messages, every day, right? But I'm still getting all these referrals. I'm getting all this, all these phone calls, and not you know, we're not getting the hot leads through Facebook Messenger, right, and that's been frustrating for me, because I'm like, Okay, I want to try this. I've tried different things, and a lot of times I end up turning off ads with in less than six hours afterwards, because we're getting replies

Speaker 1  23:58
all over the stuff. Yeah, okay,

Micah Hostetler  24:03
which I did. I thought I had turned off that one the other day while we were traveling, and they kept coming in. So finally I pulled it up and found out that one of the ads was still running. But so yeah, I need to kind of thank my next I have to go to the doctor and pick up some stuff, and then I have a an 1130 and a one o'clock. But 1130 may be canceled. I'm not sure I need to call the guy when I get off of here. So if the 1130 is canceled, I'm going to find a place to sit down, and we need to get a calendar set up. Do you use Google Calendar? Or what calendar do you

Unknown Speaker  24:56
use? Yeah, we do. I.

Micah Hostetler  25:00
Okay, I just need something that's going to be convenient on my iPad or whatever. And I wasn't sure. I thought about I've been looking up remarkable tablets because I guess I'm old school. I still like the right thing for the pencil and Apple calendar on my phone. I absolutely hate I'm not sure how Google calendar works on my phone.

Matthias Miller  25:29
They they have a Google Calendar app that's specific. I mean, it can tie into the into the apple, into the apple calendar. But then they also, you can also just use the Google Calendar app. So if, if you like that app, it works,

Micah Hostetler  25:48
oh, I said I hate, I hate the apple or the I hate the apple calendar app,

Matthias Miller  25:55
yeah, so you can use the Google Calendar app. Okay. Yeah, yep.

Micah Hostetler  26:02
Google calendar was when it was all tied into HubSpot, and we just ran everything through HubSpot.

Matthias Miller  26:16
Link up, link it up with the CRM. So that's all tied together.

Micah Hostetler  26:31
I would say, overall, I feel like Audrey is headed in the right direction with the messages, the one, the only thing I would say is be careful to not throw it too much information in one message. Okay, as far as if they answer a question or ask a question, just answer the question without throwing in a lot of expos, you know, without, I know you're like saving time, and for us, it's all good, but I've found that a lot of people just do better if you just simply, if you're there for them, and then if they pause, then you could, well, what about this? And kind of lead through, through some of that stuff.

Speaker 1  27:17
Sure. Have you seen that specifically, or is that just some of the text messages that you and I have sent, I know you were concerned about the RTO and the financing, because I put it all in one message, but I have yet to send anything like that to anybody, although it was,

Speaker 1  27:39
I just do an info I'm known For Information dumps, so I believe you, I just wondered if there was something specific.

Micah Hostetler  27:45
I saw it. I'm not seeing it right now. When I was traveling, I saw it, okay? And I saw some stuff, and I was like, that's a lot of information, and it was connected to the financing part of it, but kind of talked about that, right? Okay, it would have been a huge deal. I would have said no, but it's also one of those things that I want to give you room to do some of that stuff too, because it may work for you or it doesn't work for me.

Speaker 1  28:14
That's fair and on some of the financing. And this will help. This will get better if I can talk to you probably on a daily basis, because some of that financing stuff, someone just says, Well, how does RTO work? I don't know how to answer that question. RTO work. There's a lot of information I could give them about it. And so maybe I just need to be better about being like, well, what specifically would you like to know? But I don't want to be difficult, so I think it's one of those things where I'm like, you know, I'll try to do my best to answer it and see what happens.

Micah Hostetler  28:43
Matthias knows Jeremy Martin, or knows of him. One thing he taught me, and this is something I have not utilized since I'm out here, but what I did when I was running, burning through hundreds of messages a day on the iPhone, on the Apple System, and I'm sure you can do it on Windows too. You can do shortcuts, yep. So like, for my address, I would do a one, which was actually stupid, because there's businesses called a one. So if I was looking for a one portable building, right, I could put my address in, but Right, I had that from my rent to own as well. So someone's like, how does own work? And I would simply hit something, and it was everything. I had something that worked, and it just put it out, and then I could look at it. I could add his name, I could modify it, whatever they wanted. Specifically.

Speaker 1  29:32
No, I do that already, which is why I sent you that long RTO text. I wanted to kind of develop that so I do use those already. It was just, I think that specific question was, how does RTO work? And, I mean, what's the short answer to that question?

Micah Hostetler  29:52
I mean, you, you described it very well. And if someone is asking about the RTO specifically with how. It work? What are the fees that? Yes, that is an excellent answer, but it's

Speaker 1  30:05
like, how does RTO work? Is just such an open ended question. I'm like, I'm not sure what you're even asking. Like, right? How does RTO work in general, how does RTO work for you?

Micah Hostetler  30:18
What I found is, you know, I tell people, Hey, we do financing, and RTO up to 20,000 and then a lot of time, what's my payment? And then I'll be like, well, is your credit over 690 Right? Or, or, sometimes I don't even do that. I just don't even ask them personal question like that. I just say, Well, if your credit's over 690 we could get you financing, but you know, you're still going to be 12 to 19% interest rate, right? Okay, RTO is very convenient. It does not affect your credit. We're not going to check your credit. We're not and I don't usually tell them that. I just say it doesn't affect your credit in any way. It's very convenient. It's a great short term solution. If you're going to pay it off in 90 days or less, there's no fees. If you pay it off in a year, it's still a very affordable option. But if you're going to go longer term, the financing

Speaker 1  31:14
is better, yeah, that makes sense. Well, surprisingly,

Micah Hostetler  31:18
a lot of people, I have people with excellent credit that will do rent to own or the higher percentage financing just for the convenient part of it, but they also know they're not going to let it go five years,

Unknown Speaker  31:33
right? Makes sense? Yeah.

Micah Hostetler  31:36
I don't want to go to the bank. I don't want to deal with this. I just want to get the building up. Once the buildings up, I'll go, I'll go do whatever, you

Speaker 1  31:45
know, pay it off. Yeah, that makes sense. Well, my instinct on it is still, but mostly they probably need to talk to you about it, because I still, I wouldn't have any real answers to those questions beyond that. So if it's a serious buyer and they want to work with it, I still need to be connecting them to you. So,

Micah Hostetler  32:03
happy to, you know, take a phone call or whatever. Yeah, sounds good, even if you know you could always do if you want to do, like a three way call.

Speaker 1  32:11
Oh yeah, listen in, and you can just see

Micah Hostetler  32:15
if it works for me. And you tell the customer and talk and connect it to me. And then, you know, some of that stuff is a lot easier to talk about over the phone than it is on a text or email.

Speaker 1  32:33
That is fair. Maybe that's a route I could go with those people too. Or ask about financing an RTO give them a little basic info, like we go up to 20,000 and if you'd like some specific details, we could give you a call see if they give us their phone number.

Micah Hostetler  32:46
You have any input. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  32:49
but then my only, the only thought I would have is it could still be useful for why I don't know. You don't want to give too much information. Getting somebody on a call is a sign of buying interest, because it is a small barrier, and if they're just completely hiding and tire kicking, they're not gonna want to do that. I think it could still be helpful for Okay, so that's thought number one. Thought number two, it could potentially be helpful for audio to have an RTO payment calculator, and that could be, I did

Speaker 1  33:19
get that to work on my phone, okay, but I don't know if I'm using it right for sure. So there's that

Matthias Miller  33:27
fair enough. And then point point number three, the only concern, I think this is kind of where it could be nice to have the void number for this, because so that there's not two phone numbers bouncing around and they're like, Well, do I call Audra? Do I call Micah? Well, just, I mean, just use this number, and either way you can either person can pick up if they're available, makes sense.

Micah Hostetler  33:58
I'm thinking a little bit back to that, and I think, okay, so I am through my journey The last five years, just with everything

Micah Hostetler  34:22
I probably read into things, into messages, more than I should, in how they feel, how they come across.

Micah Hostetler  34:38
And sometimes it's not the amount of information, but maybe it doesn't feel as personable. Maybe that's what it was, or I don't know it. I don't know what like it was greatest information. But, yeah. I don't,

Micah Hostetler  35:13
almost, really much,

Micah Hostetler  35:23
and it isn't a big deal. I don't want you to think that, Oh, you're, you know, you're screwed. You were not. You're doing a great job. That was just the only thing that I thought about a few times that it was, felt like it was a lot there, and I always err on the side of the pardon? I

Speaker 1  35:43
was gonna say cut out a little bit there, but I can now. I just wanted to clarify, like, warmer tone maybe, is that what we're getting at in terms of that information too?

Micah Hostetler  35:57
Yeah, probably I am always more like you want to keep the customer engaged. Let's say the customer says, Hey, I in, I live in Pueblo West, and I want a 3540 and all the specs you can write out one long message and give them all the information that you need, that they and that is the most efficient way for us to do it. However, it's not engaging with the customer. So even if right, okay, you already have that. You can ask them simple questions. You have colors picked out, or, Hey, did you see this? Or it just open that conversation with them. And even though you think you know where the next question is going to come, let them ask the question to keep that conversation open. Because the more conversation you have with them, the more they learn to trust you. I think that's kind of a long winded way to where, where I'm coming from. It's not, no,

Speaker 1  36:59
I see where you're coming from, I think that I get, no, I do. I get where you're coming from. I've been kind of clarifying when I give quotes, especially when I first started, I've been really trying to clarify what that quote is. And that's probably that long information dump message, right? Because I'm like, this is the size, this is the number of doors. This is what we're talking about, snow, load, location, etc. And then here's the quote with it, and that probably, that's a verification, I guess. And then maybe I'm not following up with a question afterwards, and I should be doing that, is what I'm taking away from that, or I shouldn't also maybe dump that much information to say based on what we just discussed. Here's the quote, and then ask them, you know, a follow up question, which lately has been sort of along lines of, you know, when are you looking to build is usually when I'll say, I'll say something like that or something similar,

Micah Hostetler  37:48
yeah. And I always try to, I always try to let them have the driver's seat, right? I'm there to help them. However, if I give them some information, and they're just quiet, and I noticed you do this as well. You know, you're like, Well, you want to get this started soon, or when are you wanting to do the project or something? But often I will split up messages in two parts, and I'll wait a couple minutes between the two, give them an opportunity to respond, and then if they don't, then I'll ask the questions and try to keep it going. Yeah,

Speaker 1  38:23
now I've seen that too. And when you get involved in messages, I try to read them, and I think I've learned a lot by just reading the things that you do. You know, I do have some of those messages tagged, even in my in my CRM, so that I can go back and revisit them and kind of pick out some some points when I have an opportunity to do that. So, right? So, yeah, I mean, I think every week on that at least I'm getting better because I'm understanding more what the process is. So, so that's good, but, yeah, good feedback. I appreciate that, and I think I'm getting better along those lines. But it's good to know what you're seeing there, especially now that, yeah, as I say, especially now that I know what's happening, it's a lot easier for me to do that. I get more relaxed. The more obviously, the more I know, the easier it seems to me, like I don't get so anxious about it, probably so.

Micah Hostetler  39:13
And I did notice, like this week, that you were more confident in doing stuff and replying, taking stuff, and you know, you're doing great with that good. Okay, so I'm happy with it good. It's just, yeah, it's hard for me. I have, like, over the years, I found out what works for me.

Speaker 1  39:38
Well, yeah, and I'm sure you have an instinct about it, that I I don't have the best, I

Micah Hostetler  39:47
don't know. I'm not the best at communicating somehow, and it's also hard, well, it's hard for me sometimes to allow someone else to figure out their own way to do so, yeah. When I know what works for me, and so, yeah, makes a lot of sense overall. I think you're, you know, I think you're doing great. The thing is, we have not had a lot of great leads through Facebook marketplace. I mean, it just has not been. I mean, I, I don't, the fact that we haven't got a lot of sales through that is not your fault. Like I haven't that. I look at that and say, well, because of you or anything like that, if it was, I would have said something, right? I just think, and I feel bad that you guys have been working hard and haven't made any money there. You don't have anything in show board at this point. But I do think that we will get past that. And I do think it's going to work great. We just need to, I need to figure out the marketing, like the Facebook marketing side of it, and I'm going to try that today with the advantage plus turn that off. That may be what's doing it, because there are a lot of companies doing selling similar products that are going nationwide, and if they're just basing everything off of that, they assume that I want that as well, right?

Matthias Miller  41:11
Okay? I think, I think, yeah, I think the other one of the other major roadblocks for us is evening schedules are really hard for Audra and I so we've been talking on our end, how do we want to deal with that? I think you might, you might think we're absolutely crazy on this, or I'm absolutely crazy, but I think there could be a space for which, especially for teeing up the conversation, where we could, we have enough, we have enough of a process down that we could potentially dial in an AI, an AI thing that that would match your tone, match your style and and if we had the ability to tie into a company, company page or a text message, that we could, we could start teeing up some of these conversations and maybe get through the first number of questions with a with a customer, yeah. And so that's one way of dealing that's that is probably my preferred way of dealing with it. Because, I mean, then it's 24/7, 365, and it's going to take some time. And I'm not going to pretend that you don't just throw out a script and have it magically work like it's it's going to take fine tuning, but it does mean we would have to get off of the personal Facebook so we'd have to start running primarily Google ads, or we'd have to start running marketplace listings through a business page so that we could right tighten it in so I don't know what your thoughts are.

Micah Hostetler  42:52
Two things there that I wanted to talk to you about, I don't about the marketing side of it. I don't know if now is the time, or if you want to set up another time for you and I Matthias, and it's primarily with like we've already talked about how that my name is kind of the brand in this area from almost three years of boosting ads onto my personal name, but I do have a Facebook page from Choice Building USA. However, I do want to change that to rush to Earth, but to Rocky Mountain structures. So am I better off changing the name on that page? Or should I just start a new Facebook page and start over? Or is there a way for right now where they are both like, would there be a way to brand both names? Sometimes I see websites, and then if you know two different websites, they both go to the same two different domain names go to the same page.

Matthias Miller  43:58
Yeah, I would. I mean, I would think for sure you should. You could have two different domain names. I don't think you have. So the biggest advantage, let's see the biggest the biggest advantage with choice buildings USA is if you have posts out there under that, that if you rename it, it comes along. Actually,

Micah Hostetler  44:21
I feel like, I feel like the best, the biggest thing holding me back with Choice Building USA. Well, there's two. One, all My Contractors License are under Choice Building USA, my insurance and all that. So it is once a customer buys a building under Rocky Mountain structures, and then if there's any confusion there. But the other part of it is, I do have the rating with the Better Business Bureau with choice buildings USA. So if someone sees choice buildings USA, they can look it up. And I don't know, could I call them and change the name with them? Or. Or, like, I don't know,

Matthias Miller  45:07
well, on the contractor license you could register a trade name, good, sorry, you're breaking up.

Micah Hostetler  45:17
Okay. No, I was just gonna say there was a customer that actually reported to the Better Business Bureau about something. And then I talked to them, and it was all, they just basically said the customer was wrong and dismissed it. And then they were like, well, we were looking at your company, and you're I got through the customer complaint, I actually got the rating, the higher rating through the Better Business Bureau which kind of interesting

Matthias Miller  45:43
that's that's good I would think so I guess I would you probably probably worth giving them a call and seeing for if you mean long term you want to you probably want to do an entity name change or something. But you can also set up a trade name and then on your contracts you could do. You could do a contract, or you could do a statement on the contract that says that Rocky Mountain structures is a registered trade name of choice buildings, choice buildings, USA and and that can that can help tie it together, but you still want people to find it. And then my thought on your personal brand is, why not? In the short term, change your Facebook page name to with your name, and then put put like Micah Hostetler, rocky dash, Rocky Mountain structures, and just use your your photo, because your photo has your profile picture has recognition, and put that as the page photo, and start kind of CO branding, personal brand, plus Rocky Mountain structures. I don't know, I didn't

Micah Hostetler  46:55
think about that. Yeah. Anyhow, that's something that I've been holding off on doing a lot of advertising and stuff on my business page for that reason. So like I said, I don't know if now's the time to really go through that, or if there'd be a better time to discuss that, come up with a plan of action on that.

Matthias Miller  47:21
Well, I can, I can't answer, I think the big question, so here's, I'll put this in the notes, and Audrey can send it on to you. I think number one, find out from from the Better Business Bureau about about using a trade name. And I guess that's a question for you. Do you want to go to the work of changing your entity name right away or or do you just want to register a trade name?

Micah Hostetler  47:46
The big thing for me is I don't want to give up choice buildings USA name, because I think there's still a especially with where we're going with this right now. You know, it could be that by this fall or next spring or whenever, that we have this somewhat figured out and we're comfortable expanding, and we could have a few more assistance and go nationwide, right? And in that case, I want to use the Choice Building USA, and I don't want to give up like I don't want to have to start over at that point however, for what I'm doing right now, I feel like Rocky Mountain structures has a local ring to it that will draw people in that choice billings USA does not

Matthias Miller  48:38
so And I think something to consider too long term I think I mean, should you move to Nebraska having a I don't know, cornfield metal or whatever I don't know what you have in Nebraska but I do think it's pretty Okay It's been my opinion that people's mentality change substantially when they stop doing business with Micah at Rocky Mountain structures because obviously that's local versus just choice buildings USA and it might be worth actually building out three or Four local brands before you evaluate about switching to a a conglomerate brand, and so you could still have and with, with how things are set up, it would be more work on the advertising side. So that's the biggest downside, and it might be more cost. So we want to, I mean, that's the consideration. So maybe, maybe this does merit a different, different conversation, but it does feel like you might lower the level of resistance it might be, well, let's just do that. Say this, let me, let me look at it from a competitor standpoint, it's easier to be the number one metal structure. Guy in the Rocky Mountain region than it is to be the number one metal guy in the US. And it's easier to be the number one in I'm picking on Nebraska. Be the number one in Nebraska than the number one in the US, considerably. And so picking states where we can where there's not, it's not, it's not overly competitive, like find the easiest states to get into, first and go in those regions and then, and maybe locally brand, so that in people's minds, we are the number one local, local company to do business with. And then once you have critical mass on that then where you have a shot and figure out if there's some kind of, if you really want to go national, go figure out you're going to have to find some kind of, some kind of chink in their armor, in the in the national armor that you can that you're not just throwing tons of dollars going head to head against them,

Micah Hostetler  51:01
right? That's a good idea, and that's yeah, that fits right into where I was wanting to go with everything. I'm just not the branding part is something that has never been my strong suit, and it's something that I don't know much about right?

Matthias Miller  51:26
Here's what. So the only downside of this whole thing is that you're going to end up spending more money on marketing because you're going to manage basically need to have separate accounts. Well, I mean, not separate accounts. It's not twice the work for a guy to manage the accounts, but it is definitely more work than just having one, having one brand that you're just running ads for, right? But I think, I think it'll pay off. I mean, I would, I would think it would pay off overall. So I will. I sent it to Audra. I'll have Audra send it off to you, in my opinion. But just to recap, from my opinion, number one thing is, go talk to the Better Business Bureau about, I want to start using a trade name. What does it take to switch? Send you the link to how to register a trade name. It's like, it's a simple form and and it's like 20 bucks or something, 1010, 10 or 20 bucks. And then once you do that, you can start doing business under that. And it's as if, and then in your legal contracts, I'm not a lawyer, but the legal contracts, if there's there's a way to mention that that Rocky Mountain structures is a is a registered trade name of choice buildings USA that ties two together and lets people know. I think you can probably actually do contracts with your via your trade name. But again, I'm not a lawyer, so you want to check, check that if you want to do it that way, and then you can have new Facebook page with your profile photo. I mean it choice buildings, you say, would still be the parent, parent brand. We can keep that around and off the cuff. I would say, just have new Facebook page with your profile photo and call it, call it like hostile or Rocky Mountain structures. And get that warmed up. Where? People start.

Micah Hostetler  53:24
You know what I have?

Micah Hostetler  53:30
I'm always like, I like a hit a page, like, if I'm looking at an ad, I see something come up. The first thing I do is look at their history. How long were they here? Yeah, and if it's less than a year, I I just, I won't do business with them unless it's like someone I know personally. And so that's one thing that I keep coming back to, is, how do I, you know, it's one thing if I am starting a new business, but in this case, I'm not. I'm just rebranding a bit, right? So, I do have a history. I do have something there. And how can I do that without, you know, if I start a brand new page, all my history starts today, right?

Matthias Miller  54:16
But if you, if you use the choice buildings USA, I mean, I don't feel strongly, like if you do the choice buildings USA, then you've got all that content on. There's 2020, that's

Micah Hostetler  54:29
and it goes with it. The other thing is, you know, choice buildings USA is still, like, I still have people that refer me. And so where are they going to find me? They're not going to find they don't know to find me all the customers in the last three years are not going to notify me under Rocky Mountain structures, some of them will remember choice billing USA. Some of them have my business card, choice billing USA. And that's what I was thinking, was, what if we would I. Somehow combine the two, or I don't know. I don't know, I have. I mean, I have, I have a page from 2017 you know, 20 Yeah, 2017 2018 something like that that I had in Mississippi. I don't know if I want to start that back up again, because all the or most of the people that follow it are in Mississippi, and I'd be opening up a like but that would be I could change that to something else, and then I would have a history there, but go through and remove the stuff that doesn't pertain to the business here, but I don't know. I also don't want to start doing something that just confuses people and make so they're not confident in dealing with us.

Matthias Miller  56:01
Well, I guess there is another option, which would be to take, keep the choice buildings, USA name, because it's, it's out there, and just say, you know, Micah, I mean, just put your name in front of the page, and put your photo in the in the Facebook page profile, to try to carry some of that stuff over new people don't know that you're serving. You know that you're based in Well, I mean, but they pull up the page, they see you're in Penrose.

Micah Hostetler  56:34
Well, one thing I thought about was and we could use that picture for the for that, and we could even do something by Micah Hostetler or whatever, and do a banner or like the cover photo. Could have Rocky Mountain structure logo in one side and choice buildings on the other side with a building in the center. You know, that's more where I was like, Could we do something like that for right now to transition and then as time goes on and it switches over, it just all moves over, right? But like I said, I don't want to cause confusion. That makes so people aren't confident in dealing with us, or, you know, raises more questions than answers. So

Matthias Miller  57:31
all right, well, I have a call here at the

Micah Hostetler  57:33
top. I do think I need to start running some ads through choice buildings, and I can add you guys as admins, or whatever. And then if you want to set up your I'm all about you can set up AI. The other thing is to I am, this is crazy, but I am usually more available after seven o'clock in the evening than I am during the day, sure. So like last night, I met with a guy, well, he didn't get home from work until 630 this guy had already purchased a building, but I was just trying to with permits and everything. We had never met face to face, so I went out and we talked, but he didn't get home from work until 630 so I didn't get home until like eight o'clock. However, there's a lot of times that I see messages come in at 738, o'clock, and it's easy for me to just reply real quick. So if you guys don't want to, like, if you if it doesn't work for you guys, if I know it, I'll just try to respond to those evening messages. Um,

Matthias Miller  58:43
what might be useful for on our end, if we could, if we could hand back an evening or two a week, if that's generally better, because we have a lot better daytime coverage, and I'm hoping it's not super, super long term, where I mean it, yeah,

Micah Hostetler  59:07
yeah. The other thing we could do, I'm trying to think, so I'm assuming Facebook still has this option on the business side of it, but there was, they had their own form, I guess, yeah. And actually, I'm seeing this now with, even with my current like my marketplace boosting marketplace ads, is you can do a form where people answer certain questions, yeah. And if I don't know if I could set that up to where, after seven o'clock or after five o'clock or whatever, they get this form that way they know they're not getting an instant reply. And one of the questions we could put on with that is, what you know, what's the best time to get back with you, right? You know? Is it during the day? Is it evening? Is it whatever? And then schedule. More stuff like that. Thing is, we're not going to make everyone to everybody happy.

Matthias Miller  1:00:03
No, we're not. But there's still this point where I don't know, maybe this is a little different than sheds because because of the size, but there's still a thing that I saw a lot in sheds, which is just folks are busy. I mean, if they're if they're running a business, or they're working, or whatever like. Sometimes it is really hard for people to get get away during the day. So I think, I think as long as we have, as long as we take, take steps in that direction, that's and if you can lend a hand while we move towards that direction, and I think, I think we can totally do AI without even a form, and it might be just as natural for folks, and we can start leaning in that direction. And, yeah, I feel like, I feel like we cleared a bunch of red blocks here. So I this has been really helpful,

Micah Hostetler  1:01:06
and I'm not trying to spend stuff going on personally that may have me a little negative, and I don't want that to it's not I'm not negative about you guys. I want you to know that. So if I came across negative, I promise you, it's not because of you.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:24
I appreciate it. I didn't think so though.

Matthias Miller  1:01:27
Yeah, I appreciate that as well. And I've had, I've had enough stuff going on. I think actually, all of us, in our own way, have had enough stuff going on this past month or so. We we know what that's like to have that take a toll. So

Micah Hostetler  1:01:40
So, and just to give you kind of a heads up of what's going on in my life that's going to affect the next couple months my mom. So I currently have a sister in plain city, Ohio, and then I have a sister and two brothers in Missouri, where my mom lives. I in June, no wait in May, where we at? Yeah, so in May, the middle of May, one brother is moving to Arkansas. My mom and my youngest brother are moving to plain city, Ohio. On top of that, I'm trying to get I'm trying to take care of the business, do this and this, and get our house ready to sell. I've got Lewis working there full time, so trying to do that. Sometimes it's like all my extra time is there. Plus I will. I am planning to, if it works out, if I can make it happen. I want to go in and help mom move, at least drive the truck and stuff for her, and try to help with some of that stuff. So it's just, it's a lot right now. So, and that's not taking into account the emotional part of it, where I just don't want to, like, leaving mom leaving, I mean, home for me is Arkansas, not Missouri, because I only lived there a few years, but still, that's where dad was. That's where the boys and I built the shop in the store, and that's where all that stuff and now we've always had the option of, hey, let's go to moms this weekend. And it was kind of a safe space. It was kind of a place where we could just get away if we wanted to, and the kids could play with their cousins. I knew everyone in the area. There was a lot of stuff going on to where all that is going away, but it's a lot of changes on that aspect, plus just it looks like it's going to be an incredibly busy next couple months, not counting work, and I'm hoping work is busy too. So yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:03:56
well, we're going to assume that making sales is still a priority to you and you and I think, and we're gonna assume that you're okay if we're very proactive in reaching out to you to make that happen. Is that fair? Yes. So

Micah Hostetler  1:04:14
Andre if I don't reply to a text message, feel free to give me a call, because there are a lot of times when I just I see the text message come in, but I'm kind of my mind somewhere else, and I'm like, I'll get to it, and then I forget to get to it. Okay, but I can quickly take a phone call and talk. It's easier for me to process and to put things into words on the phone than it is to try to text it out that

Speaker 1  1:04:37
sounds good. I sent you a potential schedule for next week, but I figure that realistically, I'll just try to call you when it's appropriate to call you. I'll try to make sure I give you a call at least once a day and try to get it get you on the phone, and then hopefully you can let me know too. You know if something's going on in your life that day or that week, then it's easier to communicate it that way, and we can work around it. That sounds good. I'll try

Micah Hostetler  1:04:58
to keep you updated as it kind of. A lot of stuff happened real quick. So mom's house went under contract on Tuesday. So that was the first time that was ever like, Okay, we actually have dates. Right now I am planning. I I'm planning to be in there at least part of the week, the week of the 14th. So I still don't I don't know when I'm going in or coming back, but my girls have a gymnastic competition that weekend that I need to come back for. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:05:38
I um, that's fair. Well, would you like to do? I can maybe talk to you about that on Monday. Should we let you go? Matthias, I know you have a

Matthias Miller  1:05:49
meeting. Yeah, I I do. I do need to, need to drop and I mean, I don't, I don't mind if you guys want to do a call or something. I do need to,

Speaker 1  1:05:55
need to drop off. You might have a call on this. On this link, yeah,

Micah Hostetler  1:06:01
this link. We all need to drop space next week, absolutely,

Speaker 1  1:06:06
absolutely okay. Let's try to definitely call on Monday, and we'll set that up. Mike, I sent you a message so we can communicate about

Matthias Miller  1:06:12
that cool, awesome. I

Micah Hostetler  1:06:14
appreciate, I appreciate the work you've done and trying to work and everything I do appreciate that. Thank

Matthias Miller  1:06:20
you. You're welcome. All right, take care. Yes, you too. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai