Matthias Miller  00:32
Hey, Drew Hey, good morning Hey, Mark good. Morning

Unknown Speaker  00:40
I am,

Matthias Miller  00:43
apologize, I am on my phone right now. I got in at about 230 last night, and then it was a rainy morning, and it seemed like a useful day to get a little bit of caffeine. So I picked up a London Fog for my wife and I, and turns out that the process of making it took quite a bit longer than I expected, but you still have my mostly full and mostly undivided attention.

Unknown Speaker  01:13
That's just the London Fog is taking some of

Matthias Miller  01:17
it, folks taking some of it exactly, hopefully it balances out like, I'll lose a little bit right here and then you'll have like 100 point later on,

Unknown Speaker  01:33
yes, very good.

Speaker 1  01:40
Good is Seth joining or should we just jump right in and let's

Matthias Miller  01:45
get started and then let me painting Seth and

Unknown Speaker  01:58
yeah, let's Yeah, oh, yes, he's up and

Speaker 2  02:13
on a mark drew your mind and a small picture of Matthias.

Matthias Miller  02:24
Yep, you missed the story, but a small picture of Matthias right now, so you'll get to see my full shining face in just a little bit. Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  02:38
Is this story related to your recent travels?

Matthias Miller  02:40
Oh, yeah, very recent, like, within the last seven hours.

Speaker 2  02:44
Yeah, I feel delayed flight or something.

Matthias Miller  02:48
Yeah, massive weather system in the middle of Oh, everywhere it was here too, over North or South Dakota, and I went on standby on an earlier flight and got in like 20 minutes later than I was supposed to so that I was supposed to originally. So, yeah, got back to the house around 230

Unknown Speaker  03:16
Wow, you need more than a London talk.

Matthias Miller  03:20
Well, we'll just start with the one, one step at a time. I guess.

Speaker 1  03:38
Who is it most? There's I didn't even send out agenda. The two things to cover are, well, three, next meeting, scheduled, next meeting, and then not your files and counting mismatches report. So I guess it's up to you. Matthias, what?

Unknown Speaker  04:00
What's most what works best for you? I don't know some of that you might want to be in front of

Matthias Miller  04:07
computer. So yeah, no, next meeting. The first words for me, that would be our typical schedule. Okay, do we? Do we need that? Is that good?

Speaker 1  04:14
I think we should just with the notch of files and these, what do you think Drew? I think it'd be good. Yeah, let's plan. Planned for the first just the regular 930 to 11. I mean, hopefully we don't need 90 minutes. But, yeah, wow, may 1 2025,

Matthias Miller  04:35
welcome to We're this close to, well, you know, we're a third of the way through q2

Speaker 1  04:40
I can remember people talking back in year 2000 like some people saying they don't think the world's going to stand till year 2000 there we are 25 years later,

Matthias Miller  04:57
exactly. But. I think the next thing I'm gonna be able to be in front of my computer in like a minute, but I think the next thing I'm gonna be happy to type into the not so thing. I am really confused, because if we add both debit and credit line items, it means that the not to file will sum out to zero. So we'll have a $0 transaction, which just sounds really weird to me, but

Speaker 3  05:34
so I mean, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  05:40
will it

Speaker 3  05:44
just go by the lines and just say here, like the sum is zero, but, but here's the here's an amount to pull out of this bank still.

Matthias Miller  05:56
I mean, presumably, I guess on our end, I wonder Seth that the way we want to do it is have a custom export format that where we store it, the way that we think it should be, without those extra lines, and then we have a switch on the export that does the what feels to me like a non standard export. But

Speaker 3  06:25
I'm catching up to you now, so you're saying our record transaction is going to say zero.

Matthias Miller  06:34
You will, yeah, I mean, we can either Well, I mean, either way, their record transaction will also stay zero. But it seems to me like, Would you be able to would you be able to share? Do you have a bank page available for

Speaker 3  06:52
you? Yeah. I mean, I don't know, with the three banks that we're dealing with, it feels like farmer state is still back in the 80s, and CSB is current, and truest is somewhere off in like 2050, or something. That's funny. It might just be because I'm partial to CSB, but is that where you have your personal check? Yeah, I've been to CSB for a long time, and they're really good

Unknown Speaker  07:33
place,

Speaker 3  07:38
but I don't know. It's just farmer state just seems plumky. Yeah, great things.

Matthias Miller  07:46
Are they a local? They would be a local. Are they a credit union or a private local, private bank?

Speaker 3  07:54
I'm not even sure. I mean, there's farmer states here, which, this one's out in Indiana, that that he actually banks.

Unknown Speaker  08:03
There are farmers like

Speaker 3  08:04
I think there's one up in doubt, and I think they're not as common, but

Unknown Speaker  08:13
unless it's a different

Unknown Speaker  08:16
farmer state, but I think it's the same thing. Is there one in Worcester? I me,

Unknown Speaker  08:24
why aren't you travel to Matthias,

Matthias Miller  08:27
Chicago? Was there for a business conference. The the most you know, the click Beatty headline is that I got to ask a question of a billionaire. So that's the, oh, that's the

Unknown Speaker  08:49
Say, say that again. We had a Q A

Matthias Miller  08:51
we had a Q A session with a billionaire, and I got to ask him a question. So

Unknown Speaker  08:58
no, I'm curious what you asked.

Matthias Miller  09:00
So I said, How

Unknown Speaker  09:02
much will you share with me?

Matthias Miller  09:08
Yeah, my wife was like, You should tell him, we need a new school.

Unknown Speaker  09:16
My question was,

Matthias Miller  09:19
in terms of opportunities that he pursues, how much of his decision like at some point the right opportunity, the detection of right opportunities, there's an element in which it kind of gets into your bones, and how much of the decision making he does and the right opportunities ends up being kind of a visceral emotional reaction of, I know what This feels like. This is, this is like, this is all the right things about it, and how much is like, you know, math Analytics in your head, kind of stuff. And his answer was that, for him, it fundamentally came down to an addiction to growth. And growth is fun. Growth helps both the customer helps employees. It's one of the most rewarding high growth companies anywhere. Are the most rewarding places to work and and have the most impact on the world and and for him, that's basically what it came down to. And then his advice was, if something's not growing, go, move on and go find something that actually is so and don't, I think part of it was kind of like a don't tolerate not growing and and also a little bit of a, you know, our culture does not exactly, you know, has a little bit of skepticism around pleasure seeking. And it's kind of like he's kind of taking a different perspective. He's like, be a pleasure seeker like, go, go, Chase growth because it's fun and and you can let yourself be a pleasure seeker because it does good in the world. So anyway, yeah,

Speaker 1  11:05
so what was this conference like? I'm assuming he was one of the attendees, or

Matthias Miller  11:10
he was a speaker conference. The conference was on building was around building equity in business. We had the one of the other speakers was the guy who I don't know if you've heard of Infusionsoft or keep so it's an email marketing platform. It was the number one at its peak. It was valued at 800 million, but then it sold for only 80 million. And so he had structured, structured his deals and stuff along the way that when, whenever he was giving up equity. And this is one lesson, if you give up equity, make sure you get paid for it. And so he had structured the whole, whole way along that, I mean literally, when it came out to the payout they had, they had about 80 million they owed. I i believe the Goldman Sachs and they sold for 80 million. So literally, like he didn't, he didn't get, I mean, basically, didn't get any cash from this, from the sale, and none of the other investors got, got cash from the sale. But he had, he had structured his way, and so his point was, when you give up equity, make sure you pay yourself for what you're for being given up, for what you're giving up and and so he's in a position where he's, you know, he he's very far for the living on the streets. I'm sure he's done quite well for himself. But lessons, he said, this is very interesting. I asked him, What were the, what were the three big things? I mean, he went through a ride. He stayed in the company. He was he stepped aside as CEO. He stayed in the company because he wasn't the right man for the job, and just a whole host of issues. And I asked him, What were the, what were the three things that really helped him get through, and he said number one was accountability, number two was humility, And number three was

Unknown Speaker  13:14
was gratitude. And so,

Matthias Miller  13:22
yeah, and then, and then we also had the, we also had this. These are kind of the top three, like celebrity people, I guess. But we also had one of the one of the founders of could not the founders, I think, a CEO or a senior team member, I'm not sure, is the exact role of Kajabi, which is a an online learning platform. One of the best things that he did was spent all his days in the Facebook group answering all the he said he was a chronic people pleaser, but it ended up being one of the best things that he did because they they ended up becoming obsessed about customer experience, and just the simple thing of telling someone I see you, I'm sorry. It's going to be six weeks until we can get to this. I know this is frustrating, and I recognize that if you're just starting out, you're choosing between us and potentially a mortgage payment or something like this, and we're here for you. But that, that that then ended up turning their customers into strong advocates. They had, they had a tiered like, like an element MLM style, like, you get to certain levels in the in how far you get income that you generate people that you refer. You would get gifts, swag, other types of stuff, which was hugely motivated, motivating for their people. And they limited their affiliate program to only users, so there was no there was no outside affiliates. You had to be a user of the platform, which meant that you eliminated a lot of the greed. Greedy affiliate selling that that most people get through affiliates, so and just building that feedback loop of obsession every customer experience, learning from it, making things better and and letting that be the flywheel that drives an exceptional experience. Very Yeah, very refreshing perspective in this especially in the software world.

Matthias Miller  15:38
All right, take it up precious time.

Unknown Speaker  15:40
No,

Matthias Miller  15:43
we're learning. Yeah, can

Unknown Speaker  15:47
you see my screen chair?

Unknown Speaker  15:50
I do. Okay.

Speaker 3  15:58
So this is the, this is the ACH record that I can see from Faye, from farmer state. So the first line here is the shed time account itself as the debit, okay. And then these other lines are the credit lines. And so we roll, you know, if I got these five, six people to pay. Sometimes I have, you know, something inside, or something to Bosco or whatever. This particular record, I only had something to affordable barn. And so those are the only two lines that have anything in. And I just copy and edit this ACH when I'm doing other payments.

Matthias Miller  16:41
So you have a shed time line with the shed time account and routing number right the amount with a debit and then the total debits and total credits is at

Speaker 3  16:59
open that particular line when here's the information, no attendant checking. It's all the same. I

Matthias Miller  17:09
mean, it's very straightforward, and presumably order probably doesn't matter that much, but it should probably be at the top. I

Speaker 3  17:28
And what, what yours did when I uploaded it, it simply gave us a zero for the debit and said, Oh, we got an issue. Let me go back and see if I can pull that one or one like it. Well, here's one like I wonder if that and I think I modified it so that it would have went away. I it's

Speaker 3  18:05
not wanting to go to the next page, but here's here's something that's the same, looks the same,

Matthias Miller  18:15
right? Great. So, order doesn't appear to matter in this case. All right.

Unknown Speaker  18:27
Well, Seth, we have two sorry. Seth, we have two options.

Matthias Miller  18:33
One is, have the notch file literally reflect what, what should what happens at what gets sent to the bank

Speaker 2  18:42
only for shed some things or some banks, right? Yeah, okay, because either that or on export, we change it to whatever they need,

Matthias Miller  18:55
right? And so that. So actually, I can make a pretty good argument that the notch file should include it and we figure out a way to exclude it. And

Speaker 2  19:09
my question is, why do they want that row? Like, isn't that already clarified on the batch? Like, all that information or not. Yeah,

Speaker 3  19:21
it should be exactly you got to file your taxes. We already know what you made, but you got to file anyway.

Matthias Miller  19:35
Yes, exactly. We're just being nice. Is that

Unknown Speaker  19:42
something? We're ready now. Seem to feel good. I.

Unknown Speaker  20:00
Online items would be originating for

Matthias Miller  20:04
the receiving account, and I mean the other option, okay, in terms of the structure typically appears. You don't usually have offset entries,

Unknown Speaker  20:23
to explicit So, okay,

Matthias Miller  20:24
there is a scenario in which bank, Okay, fair enough. There is a thing called offset entries in which case, and you can generate a balanced file versus an unbalanced file. This is called a balanced file with offsetting entries to explicitly show the debit from the originally originating account, so that the balance the sum of the credits and

Unknown Speaker  20:51
debits. So

Matthias Miller  20:54
we could do one of two things, I think just a setting, I would actually lean towards pushing this into the export and having something on the NACHA file around format. Is this balanced or unbalanced? Or having two export links, one for a balanced or an unbalanced export, and you would just remember which one you need to use. Then we just have an ask prompt to then we pass it under the hood. I mean, there's no real reason not to store it as a field.

Speaker 2  21:32
I mean, couldn't you field it on the in the notch? I mean, what will be the not just section on the account on the Yeah, accounting company, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  21:44
So here, let's do this,

Speaker 2  21:49
and then we just look it up, because we link, well, yeah, we essentially link an accounting company to not show file, right? And so we can just look it up from there and say what to do, and I assume that's one balancing or one extra row per batch, right? Like an extra row per batch?

Matthias Miller  22:11
Okay, correct. So, handling all right, prior discussion, discussion to history, how to handle farmers. I love

Speaker 2  22:29
that there's two random mallards on that banking page. From what I saw at the bottom left, there's two male and female Mallard huh? You're

Speaker 3  22:44
talking on the farmer state page, yeah, it's a security photo.

Unknown Speaker  22:50
Oh,

Matthias Miller  22:52
that's funny.

Unknown Speaker  22:59
But are you still there? No.

Speaker 2  23:00
I was just referencing it from earlier. I'm not used to seeing docs on my doing screen.

Matthias Miller  23:15
Copy this to the add this as a field to the top of the batch of file and populate it and change the export to create a summary row for the original for each of the batches, some summary row each of the batches with The total debit slash credit amount for the originating account.

Matthias Miller  23:49
All right, that's straightforward enough,

Unknown Speaker  23:53
yeah, and I assume, well, I'll need to think through our filler records and stuff.

Matthias Miller  23:59
Well, you just need to account, but you just need to, if it's you just

Speaker 2  24:06
need to account that row. And I think right now we're just counting the RG, but we just need to take that into account yet too, it'll be good. Well,

Matthias Miller  24:12
really, you do batch rows, time, time, you know, another, another. Batch rose times three. Header, Footer, summary, row, if it's balanced,

Unknown Speaker  24:26
oh, that way, sure, or however you

Matthias Miller  24:29
want to do it. I mean, you can read it up or separately, but yeah, yeah. Or, well anyway, separate macro for how many rows are in a batch, that's whatever. So, okay, good. I like it well. In the meantime, though, you can still use it and manually upload it and manually edit that to fill in the right amount. It's just

Speaker 4  24:51
right. That's what I that's what I had done.

Speaker 3  24:57
And you had said that the caps name. A company name is not an issue to make that happen.

Speaker 2  25:03
But, yeah, I coded that already. It'll come through the next update. Great. Um,

Speaker 3  25:10
on truest, I couldn't even I couldn't find an upload button. I couldn't find I Googled how to upload a notch, a file, a truest bank online, and I found nothing. Um, I'm supposing we just have to give them a call and say, Is this an option? Is it something you have to give to us? I mean, you don't know any other possibilities, do you? I

Matthias Miller  25:38
wouldn't know without reaching out. I mean, maybe it like, literally, it could be an email address. Email it as an attachment to this email address, then you have an approved sender list. But even that we don't know without talking to them.

Unknown Speaker  25:57
Okay, so we'll leave that as the next step for that. Um on the mismatch errors. I sent that email the other day. Um accounting mismatch of report. So there's the issue of basically two issues, changes to the memos and changes to the associated asset

Speaker 3  26:34
and or differences, I should say, for accounting purposes, the differences in the memo make no difference. I mean, they don't matter at all. And the asset is those asset connections are all ones that we that come from records that we can't apply an asset, and so we went to the transaction and hooked up the asset at the transaction. And so we have an accounting what we need. The records just don't show that as well. So in that case, accounting is showing what we want. We're not concerned about the mismatch, which is

Matthias Miller  27:23
fine if it's for a locked period, because you're never going to recreate the transaction, but if happens to be for an open period, then you're in trouble, because that asset linking might disappear, right,

Speaker 3  27:31
right? So it's something I want to be able to see, but I want to be able to know that that one's one to not worry about, and get rid of it if I can. So that's why I was wondering, can we make, can we make these check boxes on here to say, Hey, don't include memos and assets and then the current mismatches? I wasn't sure how that even works.

Unknown Speaker  28:04
Okay, so go ahead,

Speaker 2  28:08
just say we have a process that essentially caches the mismatches to make it fast to search. And if you say, Show current, then we're manually looking through all the records, right? Matthias,

Matthias Miller  28:20
how's that? Yeah, we could read it well. It's a search for all errors. And it says it's slow. And I mean, it just means,

Unknown Speaker  28:32
it just means,

Speaker 2  28:40
are you saying the show current is something new you're wanting? Are you talking about the search for all errors?

Speaker 3  28:46
Well, both, how do they? Is that what the show current is?

Unknown Speaker  28:53
I'm not seeing

Matthias Miller  28:55
show current. No,

Unknown Speaker  28:57
that's just one thing that I thought.

Matthias Miller  28:58
That's the Okay,

Speaker 3  29:02
so the search for all errors, or you're just that basically is just saying, Don't worry about anything that's has never pushed to accounting. You know, it's, it's in queue to push to accounting. Don't worry about that stuff. Now,

Matthias Miller  29:17
here's what it means. Finding these mismatches takes a really, really long time, because you have to look at every single record and figure out what should show up in accounting. And you have to look at every single accounting record. You gotta match them all up. And so because of that, we have a nightly process where we say, alright, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, all had problems. And then, and then, those are the ones. So when we do so, there's two modes. The fast mode is all right. Don't look at everything. Just look at these that had problems, and then just go double check they still have problems. And they still have problems. Put them in the report. The slow, slow one is alright. Forget whatever happened last night, like let's start from the beginning. Take it from the top. Go look at everything over here and everything over there. And let's see.

Speaker 3  30:02
So essentially, that is, if it everything that mismatched last night in the last update is going to be on the fast report if

Matthias Miller  30:17
you haven't fixed it yet, right, right, right. But if you have a new problem that wasn't there last night, then you won't see that unless you do the slow report. So you either have to find a new problem. You either have to do the slow report or wait till tomorrow,

Speaker 3  30:37
and then the slow report is just saying right now, every single thing that mismatches. So if somebody went in and an invoice to building or a sales order this morning at 10 o'clock, that's going to be, yeah, so, so basically, that's what my current mismatches one is

Unknown Speaker  30:55
has in mind.

Matthias Miller  30:57
But, but, and so really, but you don't, but you shouldn't really need it, like, if you don't check the box, your mismatches from today won't, won't be showing up. Because, I mean, they shouldn't be showing up, I guess. I

Speaker 3  31:13
mean, I had which and it would go, it would depend on when it was actually entered, not the date of things. But there was stuff like, you know, invoicing the same day that was showing up in the mismatch recording. You know, there's nothing in accounting. And here, this is saying this should be here, and I've heard it just needs to go through an accounting update. And that was running the slow, slow version.

Matthias Miller  31:39
And then there are some cases here we have four buildings that apparently had problems last night as well. Yeah, expected error, and I don't know exactly where these Why is it not showing? Oh, there's the for some reason, which, for some reason, it never pushed across to accounting. And I don't understand why, but there was an error with it, some slight I'm slightly confused, but that should only cross your fingers. Should only have happened because something happened because something happened last night that they didn't push across. Yeah,

Speaker 3  32:25
yeah, which? And the thing of it is, when is that current? It really doesn't matter, because if I'm going through these, say, on a weekly basis, and it sits mismatched for one week longer, just because, you know, it errored last night and is not showing on our report. I'll get it next week, right. Is not a big deal. Um, so basically, running the slow version should catch everything in 24 that's an issue right now. I mean running, the running the fast, right? Don't worry about what's currently mismatching, but it will catch everything from long ago, unless they just change something. In a 24 transaction

Unknown Speaker  33:11
today, I suppose

Matthias Miller  33:13
I'm seeing a ton of 25 records.

Speaker 3  33:15
There's a considerable amount, yeah, and I'm

Matthias Miller  33:20
really, I'm a little baffled as to why, Oh, I bet I know. Well, no, I don't know if I know.

Speaker 3  33:29
Um, well, one thing that I saw was people going back and changing, like adding a discount. So it got invoiced in 24 and they went in and said, oh, this person actually didn't pay that much for this building. We're going to give them a discount for the difference. Which the problem with that is it applies to the invoice date, so it wants to rewrite the old one instead of doing a write off payment, which is what. So we're trying to deal with that. It's

Matthias Miller  34:01
a bit of a training issue. And, yeah, okay, so like a vendor invoices. Vendor invoices did have errors last night, but there were only three errors records, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, all errors. What is going on? We had 20,000 records that were not updated because of

Unknown Speaker  34:23
errors. Well,

Speaker 2  34:27
my hypothesis would be locked periods or something, but I don't know it

Matthias Miller  34:31
is locked periods. Well, okay, so here's my proposal. I don't know if I have I would propose that me. Or Seth and I or something, go dig in and find out what's going on. Because it seems to me this is beyond just like Seth. It seems to me like we could have a like, maybe it's an issue that. Need a skip line. Yeah, I'm wondering if it matches, um, which I kind of thought we how

Speaker 2  35:08
slow would that make it? I mean, doesn't matter.

Speaker 3  35:13
I mean, the lock periods are all. I just checked them all. They are all correct. It's not like we mistyped lock period or something, but I building

Speaker 4  35:20
builds, what

Matthias Miller  35:38
well, but couldn't we actually not try to import unlock transactions, and if we don't, oh, because we know it's not going to work. Yeah, exactly. And then we would still have the mismatch. We still find the mismatch would be right,

Speaker 2  35:55
I mean, because then the expected impact would be different than what we encountered. I mean, that's exactly what. That's all we need, yeah, because we have our Yeah. Thank you. Can we just do a DB subset on it? Because that I'm still okay. I need it. We need to. I need to dig into how the import stuff actually works. But

Unknown Speaker  36:19
why would you just skip?

Unknown Speaker  36:24
Does skip input line?

Matthias Miller  36:33
We get called multiple times per for each row within the transaction the DB subset. Does that trigger the unmatched

Unknown Speaker  36:43
lines? That's probably the biggest question.

Speaker 2  36:50
Not sure where. I think our office here is still a little confused on DB subs that actually works with the new import agent. Great to research document. Yeah, I literally have a job in my queue to do so, but I also have about many other jobs in my queue. I don't know how many, but it's I've been far from having time to do research. Well, welcome to

Matthias Miller  37:15
the reward of being good at what you do. I guess,

Matthias Miller  37:27
yeah, let's, let's, I don't know if we have okay. So now let's go back to your specific changes. I think, I think a an ignore memo differences that's checked by or that's checked by default, or that you can at least check. The main thing is, if we use this to use this report, do we use this report to generate the errors list as well

Speaker 2  37:54
create? I'm thinking maybe, but I don't remember for sure. Let's see

Matthias Miller  38:00
create transaction mismatch errors inside browse all it might be better to default it from the menu if

Unknown Speaker  38:08
you do, yeah,

Matthias Miller  38:12
so ignore memo. I think that makes sense on the assets. So what are the records that that where we don't allow you to send assets over.

Unknown Speaker  38:25
Let me just get one here, a check

Unknown Speaker  38:32
I'll just share. I

Unknown Speaker  38:44
so

Unknown Speaker  38:45
right. Here's one, check, 463,

Speaker 3  38:53
so no, okay, well, so this is something that. This is a different one. This is a from a po do. CEO, okay, so it's a vendor invoice with a purchase. No, this one, yeah, that

Matthias Miller  39:11
one just seems exactly but if you would have a check with miscellaneous items,

Unknown Speaker  39:20
remind that one,

Unknown Speaker  39:22
let's go back here.

Unknown Speaker  39:32
This one here,

Unknown Speaker  39:41
so it's just miscellaneous here in the check. So

Matthias Miller  39:43
let's just add an asset field.

Unknown Speaker  39:47
That would be fantastic. So it's easy to do. I

Matthias Miller  39:50
would rather, yeah, it is.

Speaker 3  39:54
And then another record is a. I was thinking there was a deposit somewhere here.

Unknown Speaker  40:09
Well, oh, for purchase order. This one.

Speaker 4  40:28
Jump into the purchase order. Different start, see, protection, supplies. I

Matthias Miller  40:44
So, I mean, this is basically because

Matthias Miller  40:54
we don't allow assets assigning things on assets to i

Unknown Speaker  41:04
Oh, man,

Unknown Speaker  41:09
that's not the issue with her envy.

Speaker 4  41:19
Here, let me see if I can find let me see if I can

Unknown Speaker  41:33
impact our holiday.

Speaker 3  41:37
So this one has a purchase order here that gets assigned in the

Speaker 3  41:56
Yeah, so here it has an asset assigned, but it actually comes from this purchase order line, which we have no way of assigning the asset to the purchase order so,

Matthias Miller  42:10
but could you not in the vendor invoice?

Unknown Speaker  42:16
Have a

Matthias Miller  42:20
okay, but the particular transaction is actually tied to a vendor invoice, isn't it?

Speaker 3  42:27
Right? It's tied to this vendor invoice, but invoice never says has an asset. But

Matthias Miller  42:35
why wouldn't you do a two non po order expenses, one with a minus 1957 with no asset, and one with a plus 1957 for an asset, like if you're if you're assigning a PO item to an asset, just

Speaker 3  42:56
Yeah, rule it out and then Make a line that has the asset in it. Yeah, that could work. I mean, yes, is it's going to be really slim. It's just going to be, you know, they're gonna be like, Oh, we order this off stuff all the time, so let's just order it through the shop. And it's not, right, special, because generally, anything applied to an asset, it's going to be a special order.

Matthias Miller  43:23
I'm just really nervous about trying to get the logic right when we ignore this. Like, I mean, I don't know. You know what's like? What if? What if something should be linked? I don't know,

Speaker 3  43:43
yeah, I mean, there is that thing. It's not like you want to totally ignore it, because if it does connect the you know, it like a report could differ, and you'd say, well, I can't find where the difference is. Right.

Unknown Speaker  43:59
That's right. Now, that's right.

Speaker 3  44:06
If I put those in here, those non po lines, then I have to write them in the 2024

Matthias Miller  44:17
Yeah, yeah. But I think, I think the accounting impact is going to see those two lines. It's going to zero them out and remove it. And so I I think the error should just if you make those lines, I cross your fingers, I think there's the error should just disappear.

Speaker 3  44:34
Oh yeah, because it's going to calculate them together.

Unknown Speaker  44:39
I think so got it,

Speaker 3  44:43
yeah, sounds good. See what happens,

Matthias Miller  44:48
alright, so add the, ignore it. So here, let's do this. Is there a is there an incident for this? I. Uh,

Unknown Speaker  45:02
probably not impact difference. Now let's do this, um, accounting impact differences. And

Matthias Miller  45:21
I don't know there should be but so add a add an asset field to the Salinas expense RG on checks, and add a checkbox to the accounting that differences to ignore memo to Ignore memos.

Unknown Speaker  45:50
All right, and we can

Speaker 4  45:59
get Drew and support. Okay, good, anything else?

Unknown Speaker  46:10
No, I think that's it.

Matthias Miller  46:12
And you're, you're fine not doing anything with the current mismatches,

Unknown Speaker  46:16
right? Okay,

Speaker 2  46:19
are we? I'm seeing we had some questions on GL accounts. Was that all resolved then,

Matthias Miller  46:25
Oh, what was her question?

Speaker 2  46:28
Well, we were the main reason we're waiting to do coding is waiting for Josh to be back, because we wanted to talk it through with him, in case like rename stuff would cause problems. But

Speaker 3  46:37
yes, yeah, the what we see on the vendor invoice to select accounts. You guys have been wanting to discuss with Josh, and then I came up with the harebrained thing of having two selectors and,

Matthias Miller  46:57
well, I mean, if you wanted to, you could, we could just use the existing system and rename them to with a better naming scheme. And you could even theoretically have a process by which you keep that in sync. It's, it's a bit ugly, so I don't know that. We should probably take a look at the big picture. Okay, so let's your idea was it makes sense that people don't actually want Here we go. Current Assets, electric cog cells,

Unknown Speaker  47:37
self storage, incorrectly

Matthias Miller  47:41
posted. Two selectors. You would select the subtype.

Matthias Miller  48:02
I mean, part of me is like, what's the difference the of this versus just renaming all your current ledger accounts with the naming scheme that you're happier with?

Speaker 3  48:14
Well, I don't know. We haven't even really been able to have a discussion on whether this would actually be better, or whether their concerns valid or or if, if not, so that might be a first discussion.

Matthias Miller  48:37
Great in my mind, which are, here's what you want to do from a business standpoint, here's what you want to do. You want to make it as easy as possible for district managers and AP to select the right account, right, right,

Speaker 3  48:55
and give them as few possibilities for possible

Matthias Miller  48:59
and don't and, and, and have it be, and don't put anything on there. They don't need, I mean, that's part of it. I

Speaker 1  49:07
think that could be step one with, like, right now, there's, they see all of them, and they really do. They need more than 30% of it.

Speaker 3  49:18
Maybe more than that, but, yeah, but not, not all of them. I mean, they don't need to sort through fixed asset depreciation accounts, you know, like, there's no need that we have those as options, like

Speaker 1  49:31
the equity accounts these. I guess maybe a first step would be to for us to just kind of go through and make a list of, like,

Unknown Speaker  49:39
just disconnect those GL

Matthias Miller  49:44
I mean, yeah, that's a simple it should be unless I'm missing something.

Unknown Speaker  49:50
Okay, the ones that they don't need to see

Matthias Miller  49:55
and deactivate.

Speaker 1  49:57
So what is the current? Uh, where do you use the the IMS accounts, and where do you use the or, okay, let me, yeah, IMS accounts only show up on purchase orders. Is that correct when we're

Matthias Miller  50:18
excuse POS and vendor invoices, at all. It's all ski related,

Speaker 1  50:22
but okay on vendor invoices as well. Okay, so, so, so they don't get into

Unknown Speaker  50:35
those

Speaker 1  50:39
until or the only time you see the accounting GL accounts is when you're like doing deposits, deposits or action transactions, right? Is there any, any other place where you see them?

Matthias Miller  51:00
Checks for Don

Unknown Speaker  51:03
for miscellaneous expenses,

Unknown Speaker  51:07
okay, they're never writing those, okay,

Speaker 1  51:10
for sure. Matthias, what you're saying is we could get pretty creative on, on, okay, could you just walk us through, like, let let's, I don't know, let's pick an accumulated depreciation. Could you just share your screen and show us how the steps you would have to take to make, so that people don't have to be confused by that.

Matthias Miller  51:39
So, all right, so, and I don't know if is there another is there? Is there a chart of accounts? If there's a chart of accounts, but do you know where the other one is? I

Unknown Speaker  51:50
well, that I call charting account, Chart of Accounts mapping, right? They called? Yeah, I think it is actually called, and

Matthias Miller  51:59
it's a user report. Yes,

Speaker 3  52:02
user shared accounting is where it's and then it shows which ones are together.

Matthias Miller  52:11
All right. I like it. Okay, so here

Unknown Speaker  52:17
you go to like a 12.081

Matthias Miller  52:20
of those. Okay, so here you can see that we have, I mean, like rolling stock be a great example. So here's the Edit Account, right? And so, so here you could just,

Unknown Speaker  52:42
mean, yeah, make big

Matthias Miller  52:43
the change. Unlink it from here, and if you the general ledger. Oh, that's the general ledger itself. Oh, clear, linked. Well, I guess it's, I guess that's all we're doing. Well, but then on a mismatched for a missing, unbapped. But then the other thing we technically should be going

Unknown Speaker  53:13
rolling stock,

Matthias Miller  53:22
which rolling stock with this businesses.

Unknown Speaker  53:26
Second to last, there you go. So

Matthias Miller  53:28
really, what you should do, first probably, is go into here, deactivate it, then clear it off the chart of account.

Unknown Speaker  53:40
Oh, that leaves that. That will leave it intact on historical ones, right, correct, right.

Matthias Miller  53:47
Okay, well, actually, if you have wait, this could break accounting impact, though, if you have,

Unknown Speaker  53:56
that's a good point.

Speaker 3  53:59
So whether it shows up as an option for them is more about whether it's active or not than whether it's linked or not.

Matthias Miller  54:11
I don't know the answer to that.

Speaker 3  54:15
Well. I mean, they do, they do. Sometimes select ones that are not linked and it creates an error, and I have to go fix them.

Matthias Miller  54:22
Okay? So, yeah, it would be so really, you probably don't actually want to change the link cake. What you want to do then is, surely we have a, surely we have a report to,

Matthias Miller  54:41
yeah, I mean, probably the better thing would be to go, go through this report and so,

Unknown Speaker  54:51
like, here just go,

Matthias Miller  54:55
assuming there's another one to deactivate.

Unknown Speaker  54:59
Any. Thinks it says depreciation

Matthias Miller  55:02
I mean, what if we actually do, would you want to I don't know, who's using this

Unknown Speaker  55:20
what if we hit this?

Speaker 1  55:22
You have these long names, we just want it to match.

Speaker 3  55:26
We just because we have every level, but there's prior to the name. But there's no reason

Speaker 1  55:31
to do that right on these, right like we could write these and just call them, you know, materials, and then, yes, exactly, we just call it just material, whatever Well,

Speaker 3  55:46
except for that, we need to know which materials it is, because they have five that just say materials, you know. But we can say, we can say production materials, installation materials, or or logistics materials, or whatever want to call the cogs ones. We can say custom building materials for that section. We can say sales materials if they're sitting like that. I don't think there is but

Speaker 1  56:14
jam. Yeah. Okay, so the only reason we had done all this long, lengthy string was to match the

Speaker 3  56:31
to show the level of where it's at and beings that that was the beginning Chart of Accounts. It made sense, but now they're simply, they simply function as a name for, a name for the account, you know, just a way we by which we know the account. This

Speaker 1  56:52
reminds me of the Amish how they you'll ask, who's that guy? And somebody especially, they'll say, oh, that's, you know, like, about three or four generations. I don't know the Amish and smaller communities don't do that as much because 25 John, Miller so that's John, Miller

Matthias Miller  57:11
and then, depending on your on your good fortune, like my uncle, you became known, become known by your wife's name, Oh, David. Which David, oh, the area? David,

Speaker 1  57:26
is that? Is he the guy that the one in Benton area? David? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  57:32
no, you know,

Speaker 3  57:33
yeah, that's your uncle. That's my uncle. No kidding, yep, I know the family I mean, like, his son timing, I know, well, yeah, or his son in law

Matthias Miller  57:50
Yeah, yeah, and I found out later that Gabe and was it Andrew maybe Andrew or Norman went to school together, or something Like that got started talking about some of this stuff at one. Point All right, well, how about we do, this then give you a little sub pain and

Unknown Speaker  58:14
how's that that's great All right,

Speaker 1  58:19
so we can go through this inactivate whatever we don't want to bother AP with, and then we can also rename them right here.

Unknown Speaker  58:30
Yes,

Matthias Miller  58:33
by the way, I have somebody in my waiting room for a top of the hour meeting, so I'm going to email this out.

Unknown Speaker  58:40
Anything else?

Speaker 3  58:43
Yeah, no. I mean, that's, I think I said. So basically, we're just going to go through here, and if we can come up with something that we don't like, then we'll bring this thing back up. Yeah, so

Speaker 2  58:54
the changes we were proposing Matthias were are not going to happen after

Matthias Miller  58:58
all. Yeah, probably not like, let's just, let's just, let's hold off on anything with ledger accounts. For the time being, Okay?

Unknown Speaker  59:04
Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  59:05
Cool. Awesome.

Matthias Miller  59:08
Guys, Yes, you too keep it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai