Unknown Speaker  00:16
How you doing? Good?

Unknown Speaker  00:19
Good. is busy today?

Speaker 1  00:22
Yeah, get kind of variety of different things. I don't know if you found out about the Florence location, that emergence campus. Yeah, the emerging campus. I so I'm move my move a few more things over there today and

Unknown Speaker  00:41
so getting settled

Unknown Speaker  00:44
that pretty, pretty good place. Yeah, they still building.

Speaker 1  00:48
So, I mean, yeah, it's it's very early stages but we've got like three or four offices just like right here right and so the engines that we can start using right away and yeah, it's it's a actually a nicer place to start from then text or was when we started so

Unknown Speaker  01:05
yeah, you know

Unknown Speaker  01:08
how's it like, are you over there?

Speaker 1  01:11
They're actually it's very similar. Okay. It's actually technical technically it's less because they don't have the 20% youtility fee. Yeah. So, okay, cool. Yeah. Yeah. And then hopefully they'll be you know, playing to start some memberships and stuff like that for

Unknown Speaker  01:32
passes and stuff like that.

Speaker 1  01:36
With the Ashley sets us, it still be just a few more minutes late, but we'll, we'll try to keep it within the time. Are you? Are you in Kenyan right now? Obviously, you are every Kenyan?

Unknown Speaker  01:46
Yeah, yep. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 2  01:49
I think I'll probably end up staying until the end of next week, actually. Okay. Oh, cool.

Unknown Speaker  02:00
Just think about it waiting on a podcast.

Speaker 1  02:04
While we're doing the journey to be series, I think technically, it's the upper Arkansas.

Unknown Speaker  02:13
Let me actually see.

Unknown Speaker  02:19
Got like this pre recorded interest. So even though

Unknown Speaker  02:25
just calling it the text or podcasts?

Unknown Speaker  02:32
No worries.

Speaker 3  02:34
Rocket super nice to meet you over the phone. I've heard amazing things about you. Congratulations. Thank you so much.

Unknown Speaker  02:41
Nice to meet you. as well.

Speaker 3  02:44
As I'm going through this move that is not going fast and service people around me trying to do stuff and I cannot get done. So I apologize. Okay.

Speaker 1  02:56
So, Brock just mentioned to and I don't I don't know if we I'm happy going ahead with the with the interview. Now if that's good for you, Ashley. Brock, you mentioned that you're going to be here next week, would it? Would it be better? Yeah. Try for next week or?

Speaker 2  03:11
Yeah, I was gonna suggest that you guys, if you guys are like super busy today need a little more time to prepare, then we can do it next week.

Unknown Speaker  03:19
Are you are you in the states next week? Brock,

Speaker 2  03:22
I'm going to be here in Kane city probably got to play at least Friday?

Speaker 3  03:29
Well, we should do two things. We could do a part one, which would be a little bit about your background. And what brought you to braver now. And then maybe Monday or Tuesday, we could do Part Two about all things braver and we're that. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  03:45
What do you want to do? Matthias?

Speaker 1  03:48
I'm fine with that. So So I mean, part once it's kind of like the background in the intro, just two people get to know you. And then the faster thinking like part two, like around the accelerator and different stuff like that.

Speaker 3  04:05
Cause it's like we kind of do this interview, like, a little bit, like cover your background before you went before the hacks before you went to do the program in China. Right? And what brought you to all those things? And then I think for the second interview, what would be really special would be having you having gone to China and then everything that kind of fell together after. Right. Okay. And I think just because there's such a big story here, I think that might do the process that you've been through justice, especially because the podcast is about the journey, you know, the journey to be whatever you're growing into. So I think in your case, you are in so many different, you've hit so many milestones, I think it would be best to kind of chop it up that way if that makes sense. Just look at the story. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  04:57
Sure. Are you going to be in the at the sector partnership on Friday? Do you know Brock?

Speaker 2  05:05
Next Friday? Yeah. I, there's probably an email about it. I didn't see it. I wasn't planning on it, I guess.

Speaker 1  05:15
Okay. No worries. Just not. I thought too. If it works. I mean, we could also do a short video with you some time to but okay. Yeah, that's however you want to we're going to shoot some stuff there anyway, but why don't we? Why don't we Why don't we roll with this and we'll see where it goes. So as we've got a hard stop at at 1130. So we'll just, we'll just go until the end and wrap it up then.

Speaker 3  05:44
Perfect. Okay, thank you both for your patience. I apologize completely.

Speaker 1  05:49
Totally, no problem. And then just by way of, if there's anything that you want to have edited or anything like that, just just make a comment. And I'll make notes here so that we can pass the timestamps on the end and that's, you know, we just here for a chat. It's pretty much as simple as that. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  06:08
Okay. Cool.

Speaker 1  06:12
Welcome to the show. I'm here with my co host ash Arnold. And today we've got Brock pred of itch on the show with us. So welcome to the show, Brock.

Unknown Speaker  06:20
Hi, guys. Thanks for thanks for the opportunity to sit down braver.

Speaker 1  06:25
Yeah, we're excited to hear that why don't why don't you just start off a little bit by telling our listeners kind of what braver is and and tell a little bit about the product. That's that's behind braver,

Speaker 2  06:37
braver, we're building diagnostic and therapeutic tools for clinicians and patients. And our first product is Brooks relief, and it's a tool for dentist to diagnose bruxism disorder as well as a therapeutic option for patients dealing with bruxism, which is a unconscious teeth grinding disorder.

Speaker 1  07:04
So Judah, Judah, just due to a little bit about how that how that actually works. And

Unknown Speaker  07:11
you know, how, how you serving you.

Speaker 2  07:15
So the Bronx relief is a headband, it's a wearable device that connects with your smartphone. And the sensor on it is a novel center that we developed it or patent pending in the US and China. And it it basically detects the temporary muscle activity during the course of assessment. And basically, they are temporary Alice is involved whenever you're clenching or grinding. So this muscle is especially important when you're looking at people when they are grinding their teeth at night or clenching their teeth really hard. People most people don't know this, beyond the abrasion erosion to people's teeth and you know broken teeth, they can suffer from Marxism. They can also suffer from neck pain, job pain, teeth pain, they can also suffer from migraines and headaches and migraines in particular, as a high comorbidity with bruxism. A lot of people think that migraines is, you know, chemical problem in their brain neurological problem. That's actually a mild facial muscle problem that that's causing this, these migraines to disappear up during the course of the day.

Speaker 1  08:27
super fascinating. super fascinating. So I mean, how did this happen to you? Do you wake up one morning and be like I I need to find some kind of bruxism relief. And I want to change the world that way here like what's, what's the story for this behind this?

Speaker 2  08:45
in a roundabout way, I did wake up one day, and thought so few years ago, I decided to kind of went through life experience one of those experiences that you decide you're going to change everything in your life and do go a different direction. But I guess I'll kind of start from the beginning of it. I made a decision that I wanted to just to do something fun, and also just kind of rejuvenate my soul, I guess. And I I found out that there was a really bad earthquake in Nepal in 2015. And I decided to go to Nepal and do volunteer work to help rebuild a school there. And you know, one of the mountain villages there. And while I went there, it was my first day that I arrived. I woke up really early and went for this really, really long run. And I just just kept running i was i was in Katmandu, and just seeing all the sights and I just was, you know, in energized by that. And I just got to this place where it was kind of a junction in the road. And there's a stupa, that this mountain stupid in front of me, there's prayer wheels, the base of it, and there's Buddhists walking by and there's the native Nepali. And it was just a site that just overwhelmed me in a moment that overwhelmed me, still kind of it get a little emotional, but day, but it just something hit me in the middle of the street right there. And it just caused me to pause and just something came to me and said, like, this is what you're supposed to be doing. You're supposed to be helping people. You're supposed to be living an incredible life, you're supposed to live an extraordinary life. And that moment, just like stuck with me, it's stuck with me. You know, even till today, just my life, our lives as individuals are meant to be extraordinary. And so I think I just kind of stuck with me. And then I, after the volunteer work, I stayed around the Paul for a little while, and just hiking and other things. And then I went to Bali, Indonesia after that. And I just went around the island for three weeks. And I found that there's other entrepreneurs there. There's digital nomads, and just paradise. And it seemed like it had a great infrastructure. For me, I'm an entrepreneur, I love I love, you know, creating businesses and chasing our dreams. And to find other people that were like that. And also, you know, paradise as well. I just wanted to grab that. And so while I was there, I booked a one way ticket back to Bali, because I already had my my return ticket home. So I booked the trip back to Bali, two months later and basically went home, sold everything I owned, and moved to Bali, Indonesia. And I went there to kind of chase the digital nomad life, I was a marketing consultant online. And basically, after I got there, this idea of chasing my bliss, I

Speaker 2  12:07
about a month after I got there, I got into a really serious motorcycle accident, got a really bad concussion, broken bones and stitches. And then that put me in the hospital, obviously. And then a month after that I got Dengue fever, which put me back in the hospital. And then a month after that I ruptured a disc in my lower back and then spend about two months in my bed on painkillers before finally I just had to get surgery. And so I actually found a hospital in Bangkok, Thailand, went there and got the surgery and then spent about two months in recovery after that, doing physical therapy and stuff. But all these things happening in such a short time frame about four months, left me completely stressed out. And so that's when I started waking up each morning with this pain in my jaw in a migraine. And I was like what what is this? what's what's causing this? And so I did research, but I also recall, you know, people from my past that that had this similar condition, and it was was bruxism. So, being a baby, I was a behavioral scientist in the Air Force. And so I knew about that kind of moment where I woke up and thought of, you know, I'm going to change this was I had this, you know, knowledge of biofeedback therapy is one of my lessons in college and in psychology. And I thought, well, maybe I can create a device that I can use to change this behavior, how biofeedback therapy works, because it makes you more aware of unconscious behaviors. That's your, that's your body. image. And so it makes you aware of these behaviors and so that way, you can change them even on a subconscious level. So I did some research and how I could do this, I've always been kind of a nerd and you know, love building things. And so I, it was kind of a parts that I needed, I went to Singapore to a robotic shop there, got got all the parts I needed. And I basically started building my first prototype on the bathroom floor, my mouth, motel like soft soldering all the electrical parts together. And this, you know, basically this development kit. And I started writing writing the code in that hotel room and you basically created the first prototype, I used it for about four weeks, and my bruxism systems and my bruxism symptoms went away. And so that's when I started doing more research, I thought, well, maybe there's other people that suffer from this problem, and they need a solution for it. And so that's when I did you know, my initial search found on Amazon or silver 600 640,000 searches every single month on Amazon for bruxism products. So that that was just a huge market that told me like a lot of people are hurting from this, and they need they need help. So that was kind of my first part of my journey in terms of how I created this and how I saw, you know, an opportunity here. And then later, I went through just different accelerator programs, and, you know, did interviews with patients and dentists that told me there's there's an even bigger opportunity within this market. And that's what I'm been working on now.

Speaker 1  15:34
That's, that's incredible. It's, it's fascinating to me that I mean, they say that passion is born from pain, but in in your situation. It literally was. Yeah, yeah. And, and to see you not just to not just accept defeat, but but not and not only make something good out of really terrible sir stances that that would be under control, but didn't actually not only turn around for good for yourself, but also turn that into an opportunity to to help other people as well. I think that's, I think that's incredible.

Speaker 2  16:13
I think Victor, Victor Frankl actually talks about this, he was a Nazi concentration camp. And one of the Jews in the concentration capital is also a psychologist. He has a book called Man's Search for Meaning. And it says, what, what book, what develops, depression, sadness, all these things, is not being able to tie into tie meaning to pain. So when you go through pain, when you go through several if there's not meaning behind it, it just becomes, you know, depression, defeat, sadness, all that. And I think, I think that's just naturally what my brain is inclined to do is when there's when there is struggle is to defined the meaning behind the purpose behind it. Why did this happen? What am I supposed to learn from it? What am I supposed to do with this? Yeah?

Speaker 3  17:09
Didn't? Didn't he also say a Man's Search for Meaning? Is he the one, the gentleman that said, demands right to choose? The quote, I think everything can be taken away from a man but one thing has the ability to choose is that it I can't remember the quote, but it's interesting, you said that you you've impacted a lot of entrepreneurs, I know, those quotes are really big deal, because usually something so innovative comes from the most extraordinarily painful experiences in my life. And it never ceases to amaze us. What amazing, amazing advances happen out of some really difficult hardships.

Speaker 2  17:52
And just even as being entrepreneurs, like, what, what same person would do what we do, what do you go through all this struggle, and that just the ups and downs, the roller coaster is entrepreneurship like, what like, if you're a sane person you're looking at, right, a reasonable choice. Like, it doesn't make sense. But that's, you know, like, pretty much every entrepreneur has been successful is talked about this is that, you know, there's there's purpose in the pain. And if you, if you find your purpose, if you find your purpose, if you find your passion, that's, that's what you need. Because there are going to be dark times, if you don't have that passion, if you're never going to make it, if you're just in it for the money, if you're just in it for the accolades. It's never going to work. So you have to find passion.

Speaker 3  18:40
You're absolutely right. And I know, I think I think what's most extraordinary about the entrepreneurial journey, the journey itself, but also, just being in business, as well as knowing that when you when you when you get enough experience, kind of being good at what you're doing. And you learn how to dig deep enough time career, when you start to do it for yourself, and you start to do something that is working towards something you're truly passionate about. You seem to have so much deeper. And I think that's one of the most beautiful things about why we put ourselves through it, right is just how deep they can go.

Speaker 2  19:19
I think for for for me, I I want you know, I want the dream, the dream life, I'm consciously working to create, you know, but the dream that I have in my head, you know, places I want to go places I want to live, all that kind of stuff. But I think for me, for me, entrepreneurship is like, it's this path, that should you go forward through it. It has and you have no choice but to to grow and to develop into become a more on every level, because to be successful, and that you really do need to become, you know, just very whole, very centered, very aware. If you're not that you might have, you know, temporary success, but it will not last. So you have you're forced to develop yourself as an entrepreneur, I believe.

Speaker 1  20:24
That's that's a really good, good point. What and kind of one question that I had that ties into that is you've intentionally inserted yourself into other cultures and other ways of looking at the world. And I'm curious to hear how do you, how has that grown you and how's that shaped your kind of entrepreneurial journey? How has that shaped your journey with with bruxism? relief?

Speaker 2  20:51
Yeah, I'd say it saved me a lot. One of the, again, one of the biggest ways in which you did that probably you definitely happened to happen other places in different ways. But in Nepal, while we're in this village, you know, help it helping this village rebuild the school for the kids. The things that we'd see, like, people lost their homes, they lost a lot of cases, everything, you know, half the house fell down and killed their husband or their child or their wife, and to walk through the streets and to be, you know, build the school and to see these people every day where they had nothing. And that was, it's basically what happened to them is like, insult to injury, like the earthquake was one thing, but just their lives in general are hard, they have nothing. And you would stop, you'd be walking the streets and you just, you know, see one of them you say nama stay like that, hello, and are you basically all in on one in the they would stop, it would stop at this big smile on their face.

Unknown Speaker  22:07
You know, like emotional about it even now.

Speaker 2  22:15
Big smile on their face. And they'd say nama stay back. And like they would be present in that moment and give you you know, give you a piece of there are two pieces of kindness. And to see that, to see someone that had nothing, and they were still happy. And I could see that I could see the way the villagers interacted with each other, how they interact with their families, they were happy, and then nothing. I looked at my life and I saw the things that I had along the way that I didn't appreciate. And that changed. And so seeing that, and that, you know, not only impacted me in that moment, looking backward, retrospectively, but also impacted me looking forward. In terms of all the things that I've gone through in this past three years, just even on that journey, I was off, I often reminded myself of how hard things could be, no matter what I was going through, you know, in this journey, and we'll go through in this journey. I looked at those moments and just said like, you can choose differently, you can choose to be happy, you can choose to look at the silver lining here you can choose to smile, when all you want to do is just be frustrated and curse a couple times. And and be mad at the situation you can choose differently. You can choose to look at this in a different way. So that was one of the biggest moments for me is just just being in the village and just watching. watching what what real happiness is like watching what really matters.

Unknown Speaker  23:51
is really

Speaker 3  23:52
that I don't think I could have said that more eloquently, eloquently myself, but it is such it's such a refreshing that's to see a group of people still stop in live life and get back to what it's supposed to be. That's so refreshing to hear. I interestingly, I wanted to touch on something about what you've done with your advances in bruxism, you know, and I've read a lot of research about chronic fatigue syndrome and a lot about PTSD and a lot about

Unknown Speaker  24:27
these kind of

Speaker 3  24:29
trauma experiences that that somehow sit right on the cusp of that disease. And my take on it is so interesting. Do you feel I know your bread and butter has been in sensor technology, if I understand correctly from your background? And are you interested to see what that can do for more more of the chronic illnesses, bringing that relief for? What's your opinion on the contribution to that in advance, kind of working to try to work people through through these really painful, painful diseases that I mean, they really debilitating, you know, I think I think anybody can, can get up every day and be prepared to be their best selves. But when they get those really bad migraines and, and everything. And it turns out this really a neurological, you know, kind of facial muscle thing and what it does to their psyche and whatnot. How are you feeling about just kind of the advancement and in maybe taking this advancement and pivoting it towards something else down the road? One day?

Speaker 2  25:37
Yeah. So the mission behind braver the mission behind braver the broader scope of things is that bravery is about helping people reduce stress, eliminate fear and conquer past trauma, that's that's our mission. And, you know, stress, anxiety, fear, they meant assess themselves in various ways in our bodies, you know, in the in the moment, but also long term, you can look at, I believe there's a huge tie between stress and cancer and a lot of other problems that we go through just in terms of overall health. And so, what I what I look at when I see the opportunity and for braver in our you no longer journey because it right now, there there is this opportunity there is this market of bruxism. And I and I see that in terms of the diagnostic solution that we're offering to dentist, we we have a channel, we have a channel to reach the people that are that are our end customers that are our target market for braver people dealing with stress dealing with fear dealing with anxiety, they're suffering from something, helping them become aware of it, and then also helping them change that behavior. That's, that's the long term mission of brilliant or is is much broader in terms of how we're helping people with their psychology, how they're helping them become more aware, less stress, and they're able to take on their day. But right now, yes, we are we're focusing on bruxism, but we do see other you know, opportunities and other products we want to create in the future, helping people with these negative emotions and how they can kind of switch their minds to better deal with their life and their day.

Unknown Speaker  27:42
So I'm curious if we jump back a little bit

Speaker 1  27:46
back into your story, because you're you're actually you actually moved back to Canyon city. And I'm curious about can you fill in your journey into, you know, from? Sorry, I'm kind of stumbling here. Let's let's kind of reframe this question. Let me just start over. But so I'm wondering if we could jump back a little bit in your journey to and fill in a few of the pieces you moved from, from Singapore back to start with Singapore. Bali, Bali. I'm sorry. Let's try this one more time. So I want to jump back in your journey a little bit from when you're moved from from Bali to rural Colorado, Juna Phyllis, and a little bit about about that part of your journey? And

Unknown Speaker  28:34
you're more behind that.

Unknown Speaker  28:37
Yeah. To the The short answer is I ran out of money.

Speaker 2  28:43
The long answer is, yeah, so I, you know, went on this journey to, you know, build this, develop this device and get it out there on the market. And I, you know, as soon as I saw the opportunity in the market, I started applying to every accelerator program, I could find, no, it didn't really matter to me where which country it was in, and where it was that started applying to all these things started sending emails to any investor I could find. And, you know, with the little luck, but I ended up finding this, or getting offered this opportunity to go to Moldova for this pre acceleration program. And the story behind that was that, you know, you go to the program for three months, and at the end of it, you have an opportunity to pitch in front of investors, and then also have an opportunity to go to a ti actual accelerator program that was in Netherlands, where they would invest in your company, and you go through another kind of growth phase of the, the program. So I went to this program, and just long story short, you know, pitch day came and did really well. But there wasn't really any real investors that were in the audience, I would say. And then we did get an opportunity offered to join the Netherlands program. But in that time, I also got an offer to go to New Mexico and join a health accelerator program there. And, again, the the promise of that program was that if you do well, they invest like 3000, just to cover your traveling expenses. But if you do well, at the end of it, you'll you'll get the 50,000 in the investment and kind of that's what that's kind of the target, I needed to develop the technology. And so I went to this program, and again, long story short, I did did very well, but they wanted to actually, instead of investing 50,000, they wanted to invest 100,000. And they also put a requirement into their offer that I had to raise 150 more. And that they would be they really were pushing me to raise the rest of money from their Angel syndicate that was you know, right across straight from them. So they valuing valuing the business that a million. And just I looked at it in where I was, it was still kind of really at the idea stage, I didn't really have, you know, good beta product or beta prototype or anything like that, and I looked at it, and I would be giving away, you know, with interest and stuff like that, I've been about 30% of the business right away at the idea stage, and it just doesn't make sense. And so that's about I was in an Indonesian at the time, I just got married. And we have we didn't have any money left in this, you know, this opportunity I thought would have, you know, kept us kept it going and being able to develop that technology just fell through. And so I said the best option for us now as we move, we move back home and move in with my parents, and basically spent the next year just keeping going on the business like you I use that time to basically develop our beta device, but I recruited a an app developers on my team, and then electrical engineer that helped me you know, create the electronics behind the device. So I use that time, but to, to have that time, what I ended up doing this last or like, you know, during that time, as a year long, was building garden sheds and greenhouses. Just for people, I when I moved back when I was a kid, I built you know dog houses, greenhouses, different things like that, and maybe make some money from that. So I had done this before, when I was younger. And so I, I just looked at it from like, a life hacking situation, as I could have gone and been a marketing consultant done that for many years. And you know, made money from that. But whenever I do that, it just requires a lot of my time and clients expect a lot of your time. And I knew with building a greenhouse or a garden shed, it would take about five, six days, I'd make enough money from that, that I could just, you know, eat by and keep the business going keep this dream going. And then hopefully I would find an investor in that time. I didn't think I did not think it was going to last a year. I thought for sure, for sure, we've proven that this business through investable business. And obviously it did really well in that program I went through so I thought the next investors coming shortly, but yeah, it was it was a long year, and just a lot of

Speaker 2  33:43
early mornings, very cold days, working outside and hot days as well in the summer, but just working outside and just building building garden sheds and greenhouses. So, but that that was enough, it kept things going God too early, the money that I made that I could reinvest in the business also take care of my family. And, you know, basically get us to the beta beta, our beta prototype. And I think that was, that was the big thing that got us into the hacks program is just that we finally had something I finally had something I could have in my hands and show to investors that like this thing is real. We are we're a team that that, you know, is proven that we're a solid team. And we're not the type of team that's going to give up halfway along the journey. And yes, this is we're going somewhere. So that was it was a very trying year, but definitely worth it now.

Speaker 1  34:47
Yeah, and I really appreciate you kind of pulling back the curtain because I think I think many of us understand that there's hard work involved in some of these projects, but we kind of distance ourselves from that. And hearing your your story, I think is a great encouragement for any listeners who are in that middle that that, you know, that long year period where, you know, maybe they've had some short wins and, and now it's kind of like this, this valley that they're going through, and it's like when when are we going to get to the other side? I really appreciate you opening up and sharing what are the journey,

Speaker 2  35:25
I think when I was younger, and that this is also a product of age as well. I think when I was younger the whole thing with Silicon Valley startups and all this, you know, things that you could read those, I think it was a book, maybe even that was fail fast, fail fast. But if it doesn't work, then go on to the next thing. And I tried that. I tried that a lot when I was young, I did things and failed fast and then on to the next thing and then as I got older I just and also just I think that moment in the street you know I talked about in Katmandu, it just it didn't speak to me anymore, that if if you have something that you're this passionate about where you want to help people and change people's lives, help people live an extraordinary life. If you have something that big, then it's not worth failing fast that it's it's worth it to keep going. And so that that pulled me through the bigger mission behind braver, it, I think it was just bruxism. It was just this device. I don't I'm not sure. I'm not sure if the same part of new little one. But the bigger mission is just kept pulling me through that, that there's a purpose to this, there's a reason there's many millions of people that you can help with what you're doing. Yeah, I

Speaker 3  36:59
ever heard Brock, you know, slow it down, and let it let it grow. But it more than there is this huge rush on startup to get the market fast have any Kant's three and and just get a product out there. But the fact that you still appreciate that percolation processes is really, you know, I think what what book with you on the board for success, you know, and it is what's so magical about your story is having the wisdom to know that these concepts need time to percolate.

Speaker 2  37:31
In the again, kind of going back to that Viktor Frankl, I guess, idea is just I, I started looking at my life, many, you know, probably, at least maybe 10 years ago, but I really started looking at my life, you know, after my 30s is that, you know, live your life, like you're writing a book, write a damn good book. And so, you know, each each of these things that happening to these things that went through, and there's there's many more behind this story that we just don't have time to share. But there's many things that happened along the way of just like moments of just other, you know, feelings of destruction, of like, what am I doing? How am I going to make it past this like this? I don't want Why am I doing this. But what, what often came to me is just this is just the chapter, and this is one day. One day, this will be one day, this will be a really good story, you know, and that how, how crazy that is to think in some moments. But again, that's just another thing that can pull you through. And so each of these things that did happen each these times I did have to dig down. I looked at his opportunity at like, what, what changed in me years ago, as well as just I started looking at my life, like each thing that was happen. Take a moment, take a moment and just ask yourself, What What am I supposed to learn from this? What am I supposed to learn from this? And there was moments where I would call out to God to the universe? And like, what more do I need to learn? Like I haven't I learned enough, like, haven't I learned enough? Like, what more like what am I supposed to learn from this. But always though, there would be something that would come there'll be something even just from from a moment of, you know, learning how strong I am. That's what would come from it. So if you live if you do live your life, like you're writing a book, and I think entrepreneurs need that as part of their framework for their journey. Live your life, like you're writing a book, write a damn good book, and everything that does happen along the way. Ask yourself before you start complaining, or even, you know, after you complain, I guess, somewhere along that, you need to ask yourself, What am I supposed learn from them. And when you do that, it changes, it changes your Outlook, it changes your framework, and you start to look for the opportunity, whether it's opportunity of the business or opportunity just in your own personal growth. I believe that we're all on this path of life, simply to have experiences simply to grow as individuals grow. In terms of our souls, that's just my own personal belief. And so if you look at your life, like every, everything that happens happens for a reason, and that you're supposed to learn something from it, then it makes the journey. It makes the journey. Exciting and delicious. It's delicious in terms of each thing that you go through, even if it's hard. What do you you know, what, what are you supposed to taste from that? What are you supposed to get from it? It changes changes your perspective and changes your framework for for your life. So that's another kind of mental trick, I guess, that I've developed that makes this journey more consumable, I would say.

Speaker 1  41:11
That's, that's fantastic. I feel like we've we've just tapped into, you know, the surface of the surface of the world. Well, that just the top of the world. We've got, we're running out of time. Thank you so much for for spending time with us, Brock, what what's the best place for people to to stay in touch with what happens with braver and find out more about what you're up to?

Speaker 2  41:36
Right now our website bravery calm is just, you know, just the landing page and just talking about the general mission. But if they want to stay up to date on the journey, most likely just go to Bronx relief calm, and that we have a blog on on the website. And just I've been because it was a Kickstarter campaign. That was another part of the journey that that launched this. Well, I've been pretty religious about updating, updating our backers, but also, you know, potential investors and just supporters on the brush relief com website each month through our blog. And they've been very candid, as well as as far as the journey, letting them know the details of the journey and just ups and downs like that. So that will be a great place, they can kind of tune in and see what's going on

Speaker 1  42:25
soundcloud.com regularly that comment will put a link to that in the show notes as well. So, Brock, once again, thanks so much for for spending time with us for sharing your your journey and your wisdom and, and I really appreciate you you being on the show.

Unknown Speaker  42:42
Thank you so much.

Speaker 3  42:44
We really appreciate it. Thank you and we can't wait to interview next week.

Unknown Speaker  42:49
Sounds good. Thank you so much. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  42:52
Take care. Bye bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai