Unknown Speaker  02:43
Hi there

Unknown Speaker  02:46
Hello?

Unknown Speaker  02:47
Yep, that's me. No bill.

Speaker 1  02:54
Yep. I think Ashley said she's going to be a few minutes late getting on the call so that we can just chat will see. Yes, I can hear you.

Unknown Speaker  03:06
Okay, so I don't need to leave it on speaker and I'll be just fine.

Unknown Speaker  03:10
Yeah, I think I think that sounds like Yeah.

Speaker 2  03:12
Okay. Sounds good. Excellent. So what's your background? Man? What are you up to in life? And how do you What's this podcast? And who's your audience? And?

Speaker 1  03:22
Yeah, so? Well, it's there's much questions right in there. So my backgrounds in software development, kind of an unusual software developer in that I have high kind of kind of high empathy, relational interest, kind of ended up oddly in this field. It's kind of a unique combination. But doing some custom software development, do some contract work for, for a large software, or not another large software from a small actually a small software company and doing some consulting in the nonprofit sector as well. So got involved in tech start when Brad came to join the CDC soon as this, this venture was starting up, and kind of worked with Brad and getting the TechStars started. And now I'm actually moving with him over to the emergent campus over in Israel once. You and I

Unknown Speaker  04:26
have we met personally? I know.

Speaker 1  04:30
We may have phone to each other. I don't remember for sure. I don't know that he did. But okay. We may

Unknown Speaker  04:36
have. I wasn't either. So

Speaker 1  04:39
you're going to be at the partnership meeting next Friday, right? I am. Yeah, I'm speaking for like 20 minutes or so. Cool. Awesome. I'll be there. Yep.

Speaker 2  04:49
So who's your audience on this? Is that the people that are on? Just connected with you on Facebook and other other networks you're using?

Speaker 1  04:58
Yes, that's right. Okay, that's right. Yep. And so kind of our goal with that is you're talking about rural tech, you know, about the digital nomad. I mean, there's kind of a different few different angles we're going after one is, is, you know, for the, for the digital nomad themselves, kind of this interest in like a rural kind of lifestyle community. But then also, you know, part of our goal is recruiting other companies, especially people who might want to model with Chris combs doing with second 60 minutes and stuff like that. So,

Unknown Speaker  05:31
right, right.

Unknown Speaker  05:33
Yeah. Okay. And, yeah, good. Glad.

Unknown Speaker  05:39
You're mad, right?

Unknown Speaker  05:41
Yeah, that's right.

Speaker 2  05:42
Okay. I get it. I understand what that means. So, okay, good. Cool.

Unknown Speaker  05:46
Excellent. Well, so.

Speaker 1  05:49
Yeah, sounds good. I think I think this is going to be fun. So it's a little bit. I was reading just a couple of the the articles. I mean, I was in the FTC meeting where you did, did some of the, the recent meditation that you did there, so I've got that background and, and some of that stuff, but I don't feel like I know you super well. But I think it's a great chance to exercise my curiosity muscle. And so I actually enjoy it or that kind of stuff. Yeah, we won't prep it too much. So you can go ahead and do it at first glance, and sometimes that works better, right? Yes, sometimes it does. Sometimes it does. Yeah. And

Unknown Speaker  06:25
how many of you, have you done?

Speaker 1  06:27
So this is number? So this is number four. Okay, so we're just kind of getting started and getting a feel for how to do these things. And, you know, doing them just enough to know how bad you are them and then all the opportunities to get better. But it's a fun process.

Speaker 2  06:46
Absolutely. Practice makes perfect on these things. I've done a little bit of this myself from on the interview side, and you just get better as you do it. So

Unknown Speaker  06:55
yeah, excellent. Yeah. That's awesome.

Unknown Speaker  06:58
Helps you have a good Yes. And not necessary you do tonight, so?

Unknown Speaker  07:05
Yep. Let me see.

Unknown Speaker  07:14
Let me see.

Unknown Speaker  07:21
You originally from Ohio or anything like that?

Speaker 1  07:24
No, I'm originally from from Kansas. Hutchinson, Kansas.

Speaker 2  07:28
We may have talked is I know the Miller name. There's a lot more around where I'm from in which was Michigan originally. So seems like I did talk to a Miller, invited by you about background and stuff. Because there's, we have a lot of, you know, German name, right. We had a lot of men in our area and a lot of Miller. So

Speaker 1  07:51
yeah, there's also arlan Miller's a director of the reasons. I mean, there's other Millers in the community, too. There's actually another Matt Miller, who does this, like construction types of stuff as well. So

Unknown Speaker  08:06
it's possible was possible that?

Speaker 2  08:09
Yeah, I understand. Miller is a popular name, so I get Yo,

Speaker 1  08:14
yo. All right. Let me just text Ashley and see. Yeah, quiet here.

Speaker 1  08:58
So you think Amish Mennonite expect from Michigan days? He said,

Speaker 2  09:03
Yeah, there was a number of them that moved in there were zombies that always while I was there, but then there was a lot of old order midnight to moved into the area again. So they lot of them had the name Miller of course.

Unknown Speaker  09:15
Yep. Yep.

Speaker 2  09:16
They mostly came from Ohio and Pennsylvania. So yeah, but at the end of the day, that was a good number there. I'll bet there was the 90 family song they really wanted to there and every farm that was up for sale, they ended up purchasing it and so we had both Amish and old order Mennonites and order Mennonite and then just plain Miller who are part of the community as well. So a lot of variants there with backgrounds and stuff and you know, the old order midnight drive buggies and use the wheel tractors, new order can run around in vehicles, and of course, the Amish. And then the old order had electricity in their homes, where the homes and mommy's, of course, been in all there so it was a near seen MC because the one got the other was too conservative or too liberal.

Speaker 1  10:08
And then from the, from the outside, you're like kind of scratching your head and be like, what's the difference?

Speaker 2  10:13
Yeah, that's that's true. And you know, they all spoke bit of German and yes, all it was an interesting mix. For sure. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:22
Yeah, for sure. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  10:26
All right. She says she's coming. So super here.

Speaker 2  10:29
Right. Awesome. She joining you physically, right there. She does. She's also She's out of LA and she's from saliva. So

Speaker 1  10:38
kind of a broader part of the region represented. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:42
Yeah. Where are you from? Are you in here in Canyon or someplace?

Unknown Speaker  10:44
Yeah, I'm here. Yeah. I'm hearing Jamie. You got it.

Unknown Speaker  10:51
I'll just loose. You guys are ready.

Unknown Speaker  10:54
Alright, sounds good. It should be.

Unknown Speaker  10:57
Hey, Matthias. I'm so sorry. Hey, no worries.

Unknown Speaker  11:02
Cool. Welcome. So actually, Phil, Phil, me dash. And

Unknown Speaker  11:10
how's it going? Good.

Speaker 2  11:15
I am. Yeah, I got back a little over a week ago. So I've been back a little bit not to get rid of the jet lag mostly.

Unknown Speaker  11:23
It's gonna take you a little longer, huh?

Speaker 2  11:25
Yeah, that was interesting. Coming back because I had 24 hours of daylight. I started off in Zurich and followed the sun across the Atlantic I'll very long flight. And as a result, I the full 24 hours of daylight, and I was sitting beside a window on the sun side of the plane. And it was just, yeah, I never slept during that time period. But that was interesting. Usually you get in the rhythm. You know, darkness is part of our life. And that wasn't the case on that flight for 24 hours. So not on.

Unknown Speaker  12:02
Hopefully, that sounds like quite the deal. Yeah,

Speaker 2  12:04
yeah. It was interesting. And I was in Ukraine, actually, for the most of the time. So again, it always gives perspective when you're in another area on the planet and different culture, different language. And it was interesting. So

Speaker 1  12:21
yeah, I've heard of different people taking their their kids, especially, you know, the as the more successful they become being more intentional and taking their kids places like that. has a way of keeping you grounded.

Unknown Speaker  12:33
I think it's important. Yep, for sure. So

Speaker 1  12:40
good. Ready? Well, alright. Sounds good. As just to fill you in. So I just kind of let him know where we're at. This is going to be a curiosity podcast, obviously, I know some, some stuff about him. But we are. We're just going to jump in and explore some of the stuff he's doing some of you know, just just, we're going to

Unknown Speaker  13:00
just be curious and go for it. So that's the plan.

Speaker 2  13:04
I want to I want to verify that I'm good on speaker. If you want me to hold the phone to my ear, I can do that. But that's coming across loud and clear. I'm good to go.

Unknown Speaker  13:14
Yeah, I think it's me.

Speaker 3  13:17
Yeah. And if we screwed up, if you screw up at any point, so we just thought we just fell in Hey, in it is this out? Because sometimes it's happened to us, so don't worry about anything. Okay. Cool.

Unknown Speaker  13:31
All right, we're gonna kick it off,

Unknown Speaker  13:33
you know, kick it off. Okay.

Speaker 1  13:37
Welcome to the show. I'm here with my co host, Ash Arnold. And today, we've got Phil Lund on the show with us. So welcome to the show, Phil.

Unknown Speaker  13:43
Hey, I'm happy to be here, Matthias and Ashley,

Speaker 1  13:46
it is so awesome to have you here. Why don't you just start a little bit by filling in the listeners on some of the projects that you've got going here with, with Sandra Gillespie St. Scholastic here in Kenya.

Speaker 2  13:58
Yeah, that was the former name, scholastic Academy, of course. And that was a girls school, run by a Catholic organization for 110 years on that campus. And it's about four or five blocks from downtown, on the north end of Seventh Street is where it's at on pike Avenue. And so that was a 7.5 acre campus, as I mentioned, the girls school for 110 years. And then they had another little school in there for just a little period of time. But mostly, it's been vacant for a dozen years. And as a result, some of the buildings have deteriorated and we're trying to revitalize that campus.

Speaker 1  14:39
So there have been different people who've been kind of to have taken a look at that campus over the years. And I'm curious, we just want to go back into the beginning of the story. What was it that drew your interest in revitalizing that project?

Speaker 2  14:53
Well, you know, we didn't have a grand plan when we got into this. So we were actually interested in the live that were along floral in when I approached the owner at that time about those lots, I found out that those were actually not locked, because I hadn't went through the process with the Planning Commission in the city council. So at that point, he knew a little bit about my background after I told him and so he engaged me to start with the plan unit development process. And after about 30 days, he had approached me about actually purchasing the property and him getting out of that and pursuing other things that he does. So gave that thought, and after some negotiation, we ended up with a purchase agreement that allowed us to move forward and our vision, my vision, specifically is much different than what his was, he had a very different vision of as far as what the property was going to be about.

Speaker 1  15:48
Cool, God fill us in a little bit about, about what you've what you've got going there, because you've got a number of different projects kind of happening. happening in Yep,

Speaker 2  15:56
that's it, I'll be happy to. So um, we're trying to create a assets and the first thing you have to do is get rid of the liability. So there were buildings on that campus that were in pretty bad shape. And, again, a true liability to the overall campus, the overall project, in fact, the overall neighborhood. And so the first thing is to eliminate those liabilities, which included the gym, the pool, the tennis courts, there was an auditorium that was attached to the classroom building was in need of going away to because it was thinking and pulling the classroom building with it, and then or the walkway. So those were from a building standpoint, the liabilities and it also had some essence on campus, we've pretty much taken care of that as well. And so now you're left with assets and the assets on the campus. So just to talk a little more in detail about that is the old dormitory. And we have a plan of converting that into 43 condominiums. So those are going to be owner occupied, or they can do whatever they want. They want to lease it out, they can do that as to as well, we're given a lot of flexibility, but they're going to be market value condos, some that they can purchase. And then not the chapel building, little chapel building there and the classroom building once the auditoriums moved, and then they big historic building, lend themselves to office space. So we're working, we've already up the zoning past and finishing up the subdivision process to make that into a place that people can do business there. And that we've got several businesses identified as far as looking in there. And then then north and there's gonna be 13 single family homes, can you give us a native housing as well, as well as jobs. And so this campus allows for both jobs and housing to take place there. And coupled with that whole thing is some green space that excuse me, goes down through the center of the campus and just ties the whole thing together.

Unknown Speaker  17:54
Yes. Yeah.

Speaker 1  17:57
That's, that's fantastic. So I mean, as you know, this, this podcast is kind of centered around the digital nomad, but also then around companies who want to move their workforce into rural community, give them a bit of a better lifestyle at a lower, lower cost investment. And I'm curious, I know you, this is something that you care about.

Unknown Speaker  18:17
It is very much so.

Speaker 1  18:20
And I'm curious kind of how you see this, this project tying into that, because there's, there's some clear tie ins from Yeah.

Speaker 2  18:28
So you know, from an infrastructure standpoint, we're creating both we're creating on the building's themselves as one, there's a 700 square feet, there's another one that's 4400 square feet, and another one that's over 15,000 square feet. And so any that infrastructure for businesses to actually operate, and I've done a lot of stuff with a condominium model. And often people think of condominium is just simply residential. This not the case is just a form of ownership. And so looking at splitting the classroom into four different quads, and that could be owned by four different companies that want to do business, they're sharing the expenses, etc. So from a infrastructure standpoint, the campus lends itself to that. And then from housing standpoint, which is the second side of the same coin, we've got varied sizes, and price ranges as a result of that of either a single family home at one end or multi family, but various sizes and the condominium. So the campus itself becomes this place that you could actually live and work right on the same campus. And if you want to have a bicycle lifestyle, or a walking lifestyle, you certainly could have that as well. So again, creating the the opportunity for people to pursue exactly what you're talking about. And no digital nomad, or living and working in the same campus. And, you know, keeping your expenses low in this world, small town environment, as compared to you know, what you're facing Fournier, Washington or other places like that.

Speaker 1  20:03
Yeah, I mean, one of the things we've talked about here and in Kenya is is what in in the upper Arkansas region is, we want to, we don't just want to do something that we do here. But it's we want to create a model for other communities to follow. And, you know, I think sometimes, especially if you are a digital nomad, it can be easy to miss some of the infrastructure that, that if you go to different locations, the infrastructure that has been created that facilitates that for you.

Speaker 2  20:29
Yeah. Yeah, right on. And I kind of view this as the first step as well, on you know, Kenyans been doing really good stuff. And you guys are involved with just some really cool projects, and TechStars, and etc. And, but from my perspective, this is a good foundation or first step, we I take it very seriously that we need to be successful, to keep the momentum going, and propel this thing forward and create new opportunities in the future. So get this one done. Look at the opportunities for the next one.

Unknown Speaker  21:03
Yeah, that's fantastic.

Speaker 3  21:04
Now, I have a question on it. I think I think I hear a bit of Michigan in your glory. And were you involved in development projects in Michigan as well? Or have you been doing these kinds of projects nationwide? Or are you just kind of a new look for your organization?

Speaker 2  21:26
Well, you certainly have a good ear because I lived the majority of my life in Michigan. So way to go. I'm picking up my my tone there. I that's why I understand you had to have the airport. But the answer to your question, specifically is this has been a passion all my life, I actually started the economic development organization with another person back in my county and took us five years to do it back in Michigan. And that's still operating today, some more than more than 10 years in life, 20 years later, it's still ongoing. And then I also lead strategic planning initiative in my county, as well as a county wide initiative that was funded by the WK Kellogg Foundation and the past, and our county name to it, but the focus was on tomorrow. And we would take people from various disciplines, education, infrastructure, road commission, all kinds of places and cross populate them into various committees. And we focused on education and training, economic development, quality of life, on a number of other issues that come up with very specific agendas for propelling the county forward. So that was a two and a half year three year project. And that was, again, the director of that so and I've served in the County Board of Commissioners in the past. So yeah, this is a long running passion of mine. And I just think Canyon city has got so many assets on I do have perspective of working with a lot of different communities. And can you top notch and I mentioned one issue in there that is absolutely critical is quality of life. Canyon city, Fremont county is just exceptional in the quality of life opportunities here. So you got to have that as well. And it certainly has recreational opportunities, great place to raise.

Speaker 3  23:20
Excuse me, it's interesting to me that you've you've chosen this coming from perspective of it's had such a career and kind of economic development. And I know, I know, kind of the new term for, for a little bit of what you're you're doing, I guess, is kind of world reassuring, right? We purchasing? Right? And I think I see, I think what's been so interesting about this project in the summer with your experiences, when you kind of look at communities, from a development, economic development perspective, and kind of rebuilding it. Have you seen? Have you seen the tech sector spike more more than usual than any other like more than manufacturing or another industry? I always, wouldn't we when we talk about the upper arc tech partnership, and we talked about Fremont in and what we talked about and Chafee is looted look at why, why this partnership has been so successful. And because of the seat you have Michigan is I think you might really understand this question. I think the definition of what has been so successful is that this partnership has been technology agnostic or technology technology related, but industry agnostic. And I think that's what's driven so many different passionate people and new businesses and new ideas to the Fremont area. What are your thoughts on that?

Speaker 2  24:46
Well, if I'm understanding the question, actually, the what's coming to mind on my side is tech crosses all industries. So it's not, you know, you can talk about tech, but tech changes, main effects, check, tech changes, real estate, tech changes, all kinds of, you know, retail. So you know, when you talk about tech, it feeds into all these areas. And so you've got opportunities across the board, wherever you're at, you can bring more technology into it and, you know, be an entrepreneur, change the way business is done, because you're leveraging leveraging technology. And that can be done anywhere. I, if I can just tell you just a little more about that. I came from a little town called Greenville, Michigan in Greenville, you guys will probably not old enough, but there was a good son brand of refrigeration that was out there. And that company ended up employing 3500 employees at one time. And it created, you know, just huge amount of supplier companies there. But it was created by a guy that grew up in that community. And he he made that happen from an entrepreneurial standpoint ended up being Electrolux is I think where it ended up and then unfortunately, it they chose from Stockholm to move to Mexico, there was another company if you're from the Midwest, and you may know this, Ashley from being from Chicago company called Meyer, which is the Walmart of that area, they actually did the talking prior to Walmart doing at Fred Meyer started that process. Fred was also from Greenville. And so this huge company, they're the richest people in Michigan, the miners are as a result of this and throughout throughout the Midwest, you would be familiar with them. They, they started that. So you had this little town of 8000 people, you had to very significant and there were other ones besides those, but just reference those some one started refrigeration company, one started a retail company, and this is a town of 1000 people, which is half the size of what came insidious. And so there really isn't anything in my viewpoint, that you can't start here in Canyon city. And the sky's the limit as far as what the possibilities are. It's just a matter of us being creative and thinking through it and getting the support of you know, the local government, so they don't repeat it and making some things happen.

Speaker 1  27:17
So I'm curious to hear from that guy. That's that sounds like kind of a unique economic culture that that was created there. And I'm curious, were there specific things that fostered that or was it just just really interesting people who were who were motivated, who had good ideas and decided to go after it?

Speaker 2  27:35
Well, they were from a different generation. So the good son thing actually started in the late 1800s. And that, you know, went from there, they kept improving the refrigeration, they had, the original ones were just wooden boxes that they would put ice in. And, you know, continued to this day, they're still out there. And Meyer started his in about 6263, when he really started his microphone, thrifty acres is what it was, and, you know, it's kind of a drug store. But he then he started selling multiple things, as opposed to just having groceries in there, he started adding different things. And, yeah, it takes a certain person to be an entrepreneur. But you know, those people are out there. And sometimes, you know, the encouragement I've been reading, if I can just go a little further on this about various countries that have turned themselves around. And they did so in a generation. And it wasn't just one person. It was lots of them. So the two that come to mind is Israel, Israel, just one generation ago was pretty much if I can, without too much politics here, but socialists in its nature, and didn't have a lot of wasn't fostering a lot of entrepreneurship. Now, they are the leading country on this planet for entrepreneurship and creativity. And they just kind of allowed the government to get out of the way. And people got that dynamic going and made it happen. And the other one is China, we may view those people as a communist government, but they are entrepreneurial to the core. And also in a generation, they have completely changed that country around and just phenomenal growth and, you know, advancing technology well beyond what we in the United States might be used to on a daily basis. So that can happen anywhere. And it's a it's a matter of the culture, and it can happen in small town environments. And it's a matter of us making the process or facilitating that. So those things can happen.

Speaker 3  29:39
Yeah, you're absolutely. Right. So sorry, I can't speak today. And you're gonna have to edit that. Anytime I get. What I'm trying to say is, I think I think it'd be do look at communities. You know, if you look at Israel, and you look at, can we, you know, what's happened in China, and you do look at the rate of study that entrepreneurs are taking in their education, and then going on to learn the businesses new, you can really begin a new philosophy somewhere and Canyon is, it's really neat, because it's right at the beginning of deciding who is going to be now. Right. And I was fascinated with, with what your project is doing. A little bit of some of the amazing startups we've seen just in the last eight months, that just kind of really, really taking our tech partnership up up about seven notches, too. Okay, I think I have a business plan for my company, too. Okay, we're getting written up in Forbes now. And, you know, we've got authors speaking for us on TED Talks, and it's become kind of a way of life in this incubation with the TechStars group that we've seen. So I am interested to see especially because, you know, there's been so much work done with the P tech program, in terms of getting student interns involved in, in a bit of technology and understanding that, you know, the basic sciences, like math, and, you know, we've got, we've got programs, a gentleman, you know, Gregory Carlson works with biblical that helps teach math, but really, it's about teaching coding. And so he teaches coding through math, and it's really interesting, and vice versa. He's kind of got a really neat company going there. And, you know, I think river science has is teaching kids about drones, and also river restoration, which I mean, it's fantastic, because the kinds of startups that we're seeing in the kinds of companies that have grown over the last two, two years, I want to say, are really putting the kids in a position to be on a roadmap that surrounded by technology, but Okay, great, you know, technology, but how do we apply it to a life science? Or how do we apply it to a trade? And that's what's been so, so much fun with the partnership, and I was interested to see what you're hoping your, you know, your development brings in as far as a variety of businesses, why not?

Speaker 2  32:01
Yeah, we're looking to keep on. Before I go down that road, I want to just address one thing you said, Ashley, which I think is a critical component, you were talking about a way of life and use that term. And that way of life can also be translated as culture. And culture is absolutely critical. It can fight against you, or it can be for you, as far as a community. And if you can get a culture that has an upward momentum, and entrepreneurial in nature. And, you know, it feeds up from the school systems and feeds it from the government feeds up from the capitalization. So the banks are, however, capitalization is done. Just amazing stuff can be done, because that upward momentum just becomes really significant. And the same thing is true on the negative side on the culture can completely work against an entrepreneurial environment. And you got to make sure you deal with that as well. And my accent, granted, it's viral. I used to deal with a lot of organizations, and I'd have no idea who's going to hear this podcast. So I'm not going to name names. But I would go around to a lot of government organizations in the role that I had, and every one of them had a culture. And you'd walk in, and they were either really happy to see people because I'd sit through a whole meeting core, they were very negative towards people. And they would have elections and two or three members would get replaced. But it was viral in the fact that it would always transfer to the next people. And it wasn't long before they caught the virus, whether it was a good virus or a bad virus. And we've got to make sure that we've got a good virus here. I remember Maple Valley Township, I always love going to Maple Valley Township, Michigan is townships. We don't have them here in Colorado. And they were always the happiest people to have people in the door. They were positive as far as making things happen. And two other members got elected, and they caught that virus. And we've got to make sure the virus going around Canyon city, Fremont county has a virus that we're here to make things happen. And we're in favor of creativity. And we've got support structures in banking, we've got sports structures, and education, the local governments, all that kind of feeds into this one overall culture that creativity is something that we want to pursue. So as far as think Alaska, or scholastic a campus, you know, we're providing infrastructure, but we also want to be a voice for that kind of environment to create it. We're a piece of the puzzle. And there's lots of puzzle pieces, but we're happy to be our piece.

Speaker 1  34:40
You know, Phil, which you said resonates very deeply with me, I think, I think, you know, just to add to that, if you add in a whole bunch of people in that mix, who are resilient against negative viruses, and we make sure that our immune system is is strong against that negativity, and and we band together around that creativity, that's one of the things that we can do to protect the growth that has already happened. And then and to perpetuate it.

Speaker 2  35:07
Yeah, you're right. I'm Matthias. You go ahead, I want to let you finish your thought there. But I've got a thought that I want to add to it when you get done. No, I just think I think your point is so vital. And it's so so needed, I just Yeah, yeah. So you're talking about having, you know, the white blood cells ready to take on the virus and negative and be resistant against that. And those forces can happen from without, and they can happen from within. So you know, I experienced 2008, and the whole housing market crashing, and the bank's shutting down credit on any kind of business there was if they had loan credit or line of credit, they would send them a letter and say, whatever you've got on your line of credit, as far as what you borrowed, that debt, and companies would close because that was their cash flow during, you know, different times in their business life cycle, etc. And so the that kind of stuff can happen again, it is something that I'm in favor of some kind of thought process about resilience in a small community. And, you know, it can be an economic thing that we need to resist, resist, it can be, you know, something that is just attitude wise news, or whatever. And if you've got the resilience to resist the stuff you're talking about, Matthias, I think you're right on that. You resist the negative, and you accentuate the positive, and you can move a community forward farther than I think most people even realize. And it's always a surprise, I think, when you get moving that you just don't know what you're going to come up with, as far as somebody come on up with a good idea. And they wake up morning, one morning, they've got it, and how do we make that happen?

Speaker 1  36:46
So quick question for you on that, on that note, because so as a as a small town, small towns or rural communities are highly impacted by by economic ebbs and flows. And I'm just curious from to hear your perspective on from an economic standpoint, what, what are practical ways that that, you know, as a rural community, we can build an economic resiliency?

Speaker 2  37:09
Well, I think it's absolutely critical that that discussion takes place, because our transportation infrastructure is a lot more fragile than I think most people realize, as far as it could be shut down, and you're dealing with some things. So, you know, as an example, on just off the top of my head, you walk through the large store in town, Walmart, and you see, walk through the aisles, and what can we produce locally? I think globe, you know, globalization throughout the centuries has went back and forth, as far as the web and right now is definitely on the decentralized portion and communities becoming more resilient because they produce things locally, whether it's their food source, making sure that that takes place, or anything else that can be produced locally, on, you have a chance to do that, especially with, you know, 3d printers. So the technology lends itself to that kind of thing, as opposed to we're sending something clean across the country or across an ocean, 3d privacy, artificial intelligence, just all kinds of stuff that allow us to start making things locally and come up with a local distribution process and, you know, create the economy. So it's not so susceptible to the shock waves. Yes.

Speaker 3  38:19
Yeah. Yeah, I think I think so like you're really kind of trying to articulate is, you know, I think I two IQ is heavily involved and affected by I worked for a number of tech companies in 2008, to 2010. And they got hit really, really hard. And I think the biggest lesson I learned was, you know, in 2008, five through 2011, it was really okay to be bulky, right? The key isn't organizations be bulky, overhead was like the biggest issue. And I think what we mean, that's really happened. And this is going to sound like a broad generalization. But I think what we've seen because of the rapid speed of technology, see the way pastor dive in the way we've been able to outsource pieces of it to different companies, even locally, I mean, I don't mean outsourcing in the sense of I was country, but just understanding that a company does not have to have marketing next door to the legal and we don't need these big legal departments in house, we can, we can use lawyers and accountants, you know, because of this remote economy that we're in, we're able to kind of thin down the organization. And so I think what we're seeing, and what enables us to have the luxury of coming to smaller communities and being able to innovate in them, I think the biggest thing is, is is the word nimble, right, and being flexible and not knowing that you do not have to have that legacy infrastructure that so much of us grew up learning about. And learning that, you know, there was going to be an HR department, there was going to be this Thursday me that all these departments, instead of focusing on what the heartbeat of the business really was, and I think we're at a time, which we're really lucky to be in where the heartbeat of innovation really can just be the heartbeat of innovation, and the details of the winds and house and the paperwork. And the smaller things that not every entrepreneurs is great at has a resource in a smaller, smaller microcosm, they can get the resources they need. And so keep their company fresh and on the cutting edge and focus on what they're really trying to bleed into the into the universe.

Speaker 2  40:28
Yeah, yeah, it's the core competencies, what is your core competency. And beyond that, you really can look at outsourcing. And again, that's not outsourcing overseas, it's the economy to the whoever it is, the legal side of it can be right next door, and you're taking advantage of that. The other thing, entrepreneurs make mistakes, of course, and I've made a few, and they'll stick with the other expensive and there, you just know them. But I also had a chance to teach a little bit of entrepreneurship at the college level, which was fun. And one of the things I always talk to entrepreneurs about is, don't put yourself in the vortex of your company. Because if you are, you are the key asset, and you have nothing to sell, it's much more focused on building the company outside of yourself where there's tech or whatever it is. And then you know, it's like a Mondo will do, you can hand over the keys to somebody else, and you've got an exit strategy that works. But if you are the core competency, if you are that person that holds it together, you you really are undermining the value and the growth of your company, because you're putting to yourself too much right in the center of all the acts and build it outside of yourself. And so there are key things like that to you talked about, you know, the dynamics of these people in Greenville, Michigan, where they are, you know, something special, or you know how it happens. And I think it's just simply education. Entrepreneurship can be educated as far as the some of the mistakes, you don't have to make every mistake has a bunch of two of us have already made them and learn from those mistakes. And in a small community, we just need to be sharing that stuff back and forth, as far as life lessons that help us all move forward.

Speaker 1  42:10
So I'm curious if you'd be willing to share, you don't have to go into the details of the situations if you don't want to, but what what are some of those life lessons that you've learned along the way?

Unknown Speaker  42:22
Oh, let's see if I can come up with a couple of them.

Speaker 2  42:26
One is just things change. And, you know, I was fairly successful. In the early 2000, sides left a company and we did a business deal. And that was successful. And you learn some things from success. But you learn a lot more from the failure side of the fence. And so you got to be willing to fail. Entrepreneurship is about failure. It's about you know, I could give the examples, Walt Disney and Addison and we've all heard those examples. While they're true, that you got to be willing to move forward. And again, the paying attention to the circumstances, some things will always change, the dynamics are always changing. It's a very fluid environment. And if you're not paying attention to that, and you think that things are going to be consistent, you just flat out wrong. It's not we're in more changing environment than we've ever been. So you can't keep put the glasses on and look at the world from just a certain perspective and think that your formula is always going to exist, because it won't. I mean, we can look at, you know, all kinds of companies that video companies that have been, they used to be on almost every corner, and now they no longer exist. And there's example after example of that. So but the other point is that it's a real opportunity on, you can take on RG or any big corporation an issue was talking about, it has the human resources department and everything else, because they so stodgy and so bureaucratic in their environments that nimble company is actually just talking about can win. And so keep your company small and come to a small community like Canyon city, Florence Penrose, Fremont County, and things can come with that.

Speaker 1  44:18
Yeah, yeah. And I think that's jumping back to some of the culture shift in mindset shift. I think that's something important to keep in mind as a rural community, because I think it's sometimes easy to look at, at a small community and take for granted that you actually do have a shot at competing against whether it's a big company, or whether it's a big city or, you know, whatever it is that that you gather the edge. And that is it. Right there.

Speaker 2  44:40
That isn't it. And I'm you know, I'm only two years indicated city, and it looked for years in Denver area. And then before that I was in Michigan, and hence my accent, Ashley, but I am amazed on the talent that is here, specifically in Canyon city has bump into people all the time would have got to significant experience, not beyond Canyon city, were extremely talented individuals. And these are real assets to the community. And it's a matter of leveraging those assets. You know, that the other piece is that with all the infrastructure in the stuff that is here from recreational standpoint, nonetheless, people are the biggest assets. And what Brad is doing with Christmas doing what you guys are doing with this podcast and what, you know, the organizations which represent people are doing tremendous asset to this community. And it's a matter of leveraging them. And I can tell you that there's a bunch of people out there that still are sitting in the weeds, if you will, and can be brought into the fold. And I don't mean from a psychological standpoint, just simply their talents or skills or abilities, their experience and to move the community forward. So yeah,

Unknown Speaker  45:52
yeah, that's right. That's exciting.

Speaker 1  45:55
I had a question to going jumping back a little bit, you talked about the entrepreneurship is partially skill, it's partially personality. And you also mentioned your education. And I'm curious about, about your, your thoughts, your perspective on whether it's p tech program, or some of the other programs or even just possible solutions? on how do we help kids recognize, whether it's, it's an entrepreneurial talent or like a, an engineering talent, get them from from, you know, disappearing into the weeds and actually help them develop that, because that's a significant part of our, our asset, as well.

Speaker 2  46:32
It is, and there's risk involved with that, you know, I was a business major, and you grow up and, and the goal is to get yourself a good job and do those shabby kind of stuff, get yourself a house, live, you know, pay your mortgage, and show up for work every day in advance through the company, etc. And that just isn't the mindset of an audience, your printer. And it's, there's risk. And being an entrepreneur, you're not always going to be successful, but you're creating the mindset that is different. Now, when I grew up in Michigan, we were part of the Industrial Revolution, Detroit was the Silicon Valley of the 60s and 70s. Certainly the 60s, that it was the place for innovation was happening in those plants, etc. But it had that industrial mindset as far as, okay, we're going to have this department, this department essentially was speaking of and look where it's at today, there's manufacturing, but a lot of them it's AI that's happening, it's, it's just a completely different environment than what it was. And we've got to suggest to people that entrepreneurship is just as valid. And now in the 21st century on do not go find yourself a 30 year job, or 20 year job or a five year job, even most kids today will have just oodles of job if they go down through that. So if I think the job market or pursuing jobs, this might sound a little radical to your listener. But I think that the biggest risk is to have that mindset that all of this is about getting a job, there's another way of looking at the thing, and that's from an entrepreneurial standpoint that, you know, I'm going to go out and create something new. And let me just give it a definitional thing there. I'm an entrepreneur, my mind is someone who is creating something new, they're creative, human being male, female, old, young, doesn't matter. And they're creating something new. There's another concept that I always talked about is a business in a box. And that's McDonald's, nothing against McDonald's. But that's the formula. Here's your formula. And we know that it's going to be successful. And so you implement this formula. And that works. I don't consider that person entrepreneur, they absolutely are a business owner. But an entrepreneur is on the creative side. And so you want to see a community prosper. And Israel, China, again, we're dealing with macro on that level. But nonetheless, from an example standpoint, it's the entrepreneurial stuff, they're creating something new, they're creating new possibilities existing. And we can do that on the same way. In a small community like this. We don't need to be in China with billion, a billion people pouring Israel with 7 million people, we can do something in Fremont County, but it goes back to that cultural thing. We're trying to create, you know, people into jobs and out have them, you know, become this thing that people send us work. And we do that that's one thing. But if we can create something new, you just never know where that's going to go.

Unknown Speaker  49:40
Yeah, that's well said. That's fantastic.

Speaker 1  49:44
So I also have a question what what actually brought you down to Canyon

Speaker 2  49:51
coming down and looking at the Royal gorge and things like that I was doing some activity where I'm just like to get around and Canyon, and this area has a lot going on with it. And when I got into Canyon, my first time I thought I liked this town. And it was about a year and a half or two years later that my partner and I came down and we saw a house that was for sale and grabbed ahold of that, quite frankly, I was completely out of the real estate business. And I've never sold it much for other people with that. But I've done a lot of projects and never anticipated actually getting back into it. And then there was an opportunity here and another opportunity. And then we ended up buying the apartment complex and converting that into condos. And then we're doing a scholastic or of course, so

Unknown Speaker  50:41
that's awesome. It was

Speaker 2  50:42
it was the quality of life. Can you say it was love the opportunities here like Phantom Canyon drive on every time somebody comes into town to visit, I always take them fan Canyon and a lot of other drives and hiking and, you know, whitewater rafting, and just all the opportunities are here. I will say this, can you city is my final home. I love it enough that this is where I'm staying put my I'm gonna hang my hat here. And rather, how many projects I do or not do in the city is great place. So

Speaker 1  51:13
Phil, Phil, you remind me of the kind of person who's always got, you got something, you've got something stirring inside of you something cooking like there's, you're never, I don't imagine you to be the kind of person who's going to reach the finish line to like, okay, like this, this is it. I hear you talking about the Glasgow campus and some of your vision for it. And I know you want to put your focus and energy into that. But have you given thought to what's next after that

Speaker 2  51:42
I have, I have no concept of retirement, I just have no interest in it whatsoever. And, you know, the way health organizations exist nowadays and everything else, I'm not certain anybody else should either to do that. So one of the concepts I've been interested in, and it fits into this as if you don't mind me just expressing an entrepreneurial idea that I'm willing to toss out there. And if somebody wants to steal it, they can do that. But it's a concept that I call an economic pod. And so there's 93 million Americans who are outside of the workforce. And that is true today, even though unemployment is at 3%. So it's just matter how the government deals with it. And I agree the economy's doing some good things. And there's some challenges that I think are out there as well. But I'm a pod is it gets back to that concept of everyone doing something for everyone else, and we all benefit from it. So for instance, you take this pod, and you can think of it as dolphin pods, or you can think of a pod that you put in the ground and it grows and new growth coming out of it. But you slice out all the things that people need things. And it's, you know, it's computer programming, its marketing, it's legal, it's sewing, it's growing tomatoes, it's all those things. And then everybody signs up for their piece that they've got confidence in. And they choose to do business with one another, through a some kind of computer program that allows for that facilitation to take place. So there's, there's things out there kind of like it. Craigslist, and all the fraud that goes place there are there's other things for you verify people's trust and those things. But this is creating an organization for people that are outside of the workforce, and they want to bring their talents and skills. One of the things that is the most challenging for people is they don't know how to market. So they create a business. But you know, they were

Speaker 2  53:49
I think we lost fell away. So they don't have to deal with the marketing issues. And they don't have to deal with the organization issues, but they're dealing with the competencies as they bring the table. And everybody's choosing to do business with one another. You know, it's kind of taking the Old West, we come across on the wagon train, and you'd bring your banker, you butcher, your candlestick maker with you. And you had to have that diversity of talents and skills. Because the next town away was hundred miles away on horseback. That's quite far. Well, how do you make that work locally, and use 21st century skills with you know, social media and everything else so that we all can do business with one another? That's an idea. I've been playing around for a few years. And at some point, I'm going to pick it up and push it forward. That's awesome. I love that. Yeah, it's a platform kind of thing. And you know, platforms are a good way for things to happen. Facebook's a platform, social media is platform. You're using the platform right now for what we did for the colon for the podcast. So I like concept of platform that facilitates people doing business with one another.

Speaker 3  54:54
No, actually, actually. So I've got the secret solution to your platform.

Unknown Speaker  55:02
I'm all yours.

Speaker 3  55:05
You know, um, I don't know if you if you have familiar you are with blockchain. But I am. And the whole essence of blockchain is that it runs on the smart contract, right? I mean, the block of the blocks aren't hackable, but they run on smart contracts, right? So all we really need to do is make a make a platform for people to post their, their strong suits in this in this in this size. In this ecosystem, you're building and put a smart contract behind each one. And then hopefully, everybody plays Nice.

Speaker 2  55:38
Yeah, actually, I've actually been watching what's happening with blockchain. And I think you're right on. I also like, physical and not so much USD. But I've been toying around with the tablet, so it has a silver base, because Silver's cheap compared to gold or something. So you could do both physical, and you could do something with black chain. And both of those have this trust aspect. aspect to it as far as dealing with transactions. So you're right on with blockchain. And when we get offline, and we meet maybe next Friday, if you're going to be at that meeting, then we can speak in it, I'd love to talk with you.

Speaker 3  56:16
Oh, I would love I would love that. But I want I wanted to hone in on one one concept you were saying? And you know, I think it really it really struck me as as meaningful. As far as you know, we Matthias and I get interviewed, or the opportunity to interview entrepreneurs like yourself all the time. And it's really inspiring to hear everybody's take on it. But but for you to be so brave, and to tell people to be so fearless, I think is probably one of the most inspiring lines we've heard on in terms of being driven and, and kind of giving people permission to say, okay, go go do go do what you're best at and understand what that best is. And I think I think I learned one thing from you that the rest should follow me, right?

Speaker 2  57:05
Yeah, to a great degree, that's true. And that doesn't mean that you're not going to fail, but you will learn from that failure. And, you know, keep going and persevere, perseverance is a big thing. Again, having taught entrepreneurship, I know a little bit about some of the details. So fast magazine, or Fast Start magazine, whatever the title is, right now for it, it, you know, often puts the 20 something out there as the entrepreneur that's successful. And that's just not what's actually happening. The average person who starts a successful business is 45 years old. And if that's the average course, there's a lot more on the other side, as far as plus 45. The also the average entrepreneur that is successful has started 3.8 businesses prior to that. So they've had at least three pointing businesses that have failed. And again, that's an average. So there's people who have been successful after failing at seven businesses. And you just got to keep going at it. So it is really rare for somebody to come up with their first idea and hit a home run out of that. That is just in the 20 somethings, those people make it on top of the magazine covers. But that is not what's the normal or the real thing that's happening out there.

Speaker 3  58:21
You actually hit on a point that I think we need to spend a minute on to your point. It's funny, it's average age of entrepreneurs that are actually kind of settled in something that that might or might not work, they are 45. But what's interesting, I was reading an article and it was I think it was about five years ago, it was from published by the Harvard Business Review, and it was centered around what we call the knowledge worker now, due to information technology, and where we're at, it was interesting that they were talking about the workforce today. And and I always try to hold on this every podcast that we're in a pivot point right now, where we've got about four generations entering and leaving the workforce. And with the way technology is working, it's a really interesting time. But what was most striking to me in the article was that they were discussing that the average employee or person that was, you know, going to be a partner in an accounting firm, or same thing for a law firm, what, whatever that track was that you might have been in, you know, you'd stay in the same position for 25, you know, 35 years, and then kind of, kind of move up into this new role, and then slowly fade away, you know, and fade into the organization and then take on more of a consultative role or port board seat with company. And now with this knowledge worker, deal, what we see is we see people having many careers, you know, five years, dabbling here five years doing that, and what they were saying, and I forget the statistic, but what they're saying is a large percentage of people who had at least five or more of these five years type, what do you want to call journeys in whatever they're doing. And they wind up starting a business more often or not. And I thought that was so interesting, really, it really stuck with me. And I, like I said this from five years ago, but I see it now more than ever, I see more people in their, in their late 40s, early 50s, just starting something brand new, and they're so excited. And they have no idea which way it's going to go. And they're scared. But they are they finally figured out that it's okay if they fall and And to your point, if they fail, it's really not that big of a deal. But to see to see people who traditionally had at that age of set down such roots, to see them saying, Okay, I'm going to I'm going to give up what I what I was raised with because we're in a cross generational situation as far as the workforce to see so many people walk away from tradition, India throw away and recycle, recycle, the idea is to do something new, but throw away that old thought processes, you know, 25 years, I'm going to do the same thing. And they realized that I can take my 25 years of being really good at a bunch of skills and repurpose them to do something new start a business. And, and they feel safe, because their skill sets there. And it's, it's so interesting to watch, I see it every day. And it inspires me constantly. Because for for once in my life, I see a group of people hungry enough to be okay, to fail. And to see that fear go away is really inspiring.

Speaker 2  1:01:31
No doubt about it. So the concept of a generation is meaningless from a work standpoint, to think of a generation as an age at this point, generation is technology changing over and you can be 60 years old and fresh and growing and changing and right up on the latest technology, you can be 23. And if you haven't paid attention to it for the last three years, you're outdated. And so biological age becomes irrelevant. In the whole story. It's dealing with the technology and leveraging it and making sure you're paying attention because three years from now, what's going to change again, I mean, the technology age is down to less than 18 months is the last article I read about it. So the opportunity is there. And it's the mindset that you're talking about two years specifically to your listeners, if you're older, it's irrelevant, you can come to a canyon city and have a quality of life, keep your level of expenses down, and you can create something that is new and refreshing. And with the internet, you've got access to the whole planet. So there's just you can go to tech start and, and get the you know, great grant to get your business going. And the same thing is true when you're 23. So again, biological age, as you're talking about actually is now irrelevant component of living in the 21st century on the opportunities are just more than ever. And that's another thing I would say is whether you male or female, whatever. However you identify yourself, there's never been an age of more opportunities than there are right now. And are there economic storm clouds on the horizon? There are but you know, you can create something that will change that different way of doing business a different way of that's entrepreneurship as well as not just a product, it can be a service or a way of doing business. So all the platforms that have been created are basically all in the last 10 years.

Speaker 1  1:03:30
That's awesome. Wow, it feels like this has gone so quickly. That's That's incredible. It's been fantastic talking with you, Phil, ask God questions that you want to ask before we wrap this up?

Speaker 3  1:03:45
No, I think so. I'm so excited to see St. Scholastic a workout. I'm so excited about your program, I think I think I couldn't be more excited for projects like that to take off in a community on the rise. With so many bright minds just just ready to soak up as much knowledge as they can. And, you know, you building some infrastructure for him to grow into. And I don't think there's anything more inspiring. And you know, so many people think of small towns and they don't think we've we do big time things. But you know, the fact that you and your partners have come to our community and said yet yes, you you can do big things and give us some room to do it and give us a little bit of a infrastructure to do it. And enough belief, I think is really a special special thing.

Speaker 2  1:04:36
Well, thank you. And again, we've just you are doing that a part of the much larger puzzle that's here. And I guess I would you know, one last thing is some

Unknown Speaker  1:04:46
the

Speaker 2  1:04:48
we've got to be smarter than the folks on Wall Street to pull this off. They have so much Christian with the central bank's you know, pumping into the system that helps the Wall Street economy. And if you're going to do something on small town America, small town wherever you are, you got to be at your best game and so I'm not encouraging anyone to slough off I'm encouraging everyone to get on the track and be at their best do your best to excel make excellent so the standard that we have to live by in small communities because we really do have to be wiser smarter than the folks in a big New York because again, they've got so much advantage with the pumping of money and into it from central banks and etc. So we've got a lot of talented people here in Canyon city and Florence I've met many and you know where they live in Fremont County. And I think we should hang our doors open for other talent that want to come in. There's a lot of people moving in on we had some some rentals and we didn't rent to anybody in Kansas City they were all people coming from without so Canyon city is thriving and doing some good things and if we get at our best game all together, there's amazing things that can be done.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:07
Cool. So here's the thing nimble right?

Unknown Speaker  1:06:11
Yeah, absolutely.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:13
Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:06:14
I appreciate you guys allowing me to participate tonight with you You're just doing a fantastic job and I just think good things are going to come and Canyon city but it's got to be everyone stepping up to the plate again the local governments the school system, the the capitalization, people or banks or however it is and creating that environment and you're certainly doing that by hosting this podcast and moving that forward. So congratulations on doing that and our I can help you in the future. I'd like to do that.

Speaker 1  1:06:45
That's awesome. It's been fantastic having you on the show, Phil so thanks. Thanks so much for your time can't wait until we can we can connect again.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:53
I will see at the meeting next week. So okay, we look forward to it. We'll see you there

Unknown Speaker  1:07:01
your way up and have a good one.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:04
Okay, Matthias

Unknown Speaker  1:07:07
Yep. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:10
Hey

Unknown Speaker  1:07:12
yeah. Oh, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:07:17
Okay, how did that one go? Sorry. I didn't know enough.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:21
No, it was good. I mean, I felt the way good How did you feel when

Speaker 3  1:07:25
i think i think it went great. I think he he keeps filling in the blanks for me really quick I found this press release and Stan scholastic of it I was skimming the trying to figure out what to do. I think he was partners with Chris go ahead. So IRA Cohen or however you say it so I'm trying to get on the uptake real quick there but I

Speaker 1  1:07:45
was your question that you asked about Michigan actually really uncovered some some interesting stuff. And it was great to hear kind of his passion behind.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:56
Behind all of that.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:58
Yeah, no, no, it's great. Hey, so we got Brock tomorrow What time?

Speaker 1  1:08:03
Am I have him at 1030 but we can it sound like his schedule somewhat flexible if you need to adjust for that.

Speaker 3  1:08:08
1030 is perfect. 10 days perfect. I'm, I'm frantically trying to get out of my house because I'm on a deadline that I can't get out of. And then 30 is perfect because I don't see it worked till noon. So that works. And thank you so much for being able to make it because I'm going in I don't know. I don't know. Brock. Do you know Brock?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:27
Oh, yes. ago? Yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:30
Judo anything about what he does?

Speaker 3  1:08:32
Yeah. Well, he he won the hacks. Is he the hacks accelerator? You got like, what 280,000 for inventing the piece for bruxism. And he's, he's in San Francisco doing something and I don't I don't know where his manufacturing is going to be. I think that's kind of where he's at with everything. But it might be in Kenya, but it might have been California. But he's like, pretty much looking to make a big jump again, right.

Speaker 1  1:08:59
Yeah, I mean, I don't know the details. So once again, just planning to kind of go in and get an update from him and see how things are going. I don't know that it has to be a super long one. But if it does go in and they're going for an hour, and we'll get into some interesting stuff.

Speaker 3  1:09:14
Yeah, we definitely need to do background because I think he was a captain in the Air Force. And I think it was the veterans he invented that for right.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:23
So what was it?

Speaker 3  1:09:24
He was a captain or something in the Air Force, wasn't he? And he's a he's a vet. And he I think we need to talk about that because he invented this for veterans for PTSD and stuff, I think.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:38
Okay, let's go get it. I didn't know that. Interesting. Cool.

Speaker 3  1:09:42
Well, Brad told me that I'm not sure if I have that right. But we will want to pull that out of him. Because they go

Unknown Speaker  1:09:50
Okay, awesome. Thanks, Matthias. I'll see you tomorrow. All right. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai