Matthias Miller  00:00
Matt, welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith and the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host, Kevin David kridner, and we've got a special guest today, so you want to hang around before we dive in, I want to recap our three guiding principles. Number one, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We aren't here to win arguments, but to understand and third, we aren't here with preset agendas. We're here to let conversations unfold naturally and follow where authenticity leads us. So go ahead, pull up a chair, grab a drink. Let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So today we've got a newfound friend of mine and Steve, it's, it's kind of fun to see Steve Miller, and it's kind of a fun story, how we, how we connected, connected through a mutual friend of friend of ours, and in one of our first conversations, you, I was looking for some insight and perspective, and you, you shared honest, unfiltered perspective from a very truthful standpoint. And I think you expressed at some point in that conversation, you're like, oh, Was I too brutally honest with you, like, are you okay? And the moment that somebody's willing to share truth and kindness for your own good, without filtering it down to make it be something that it's not. I know that I've got a true friend right there. So it's

Unknown Speaker  01:37
called vulnerability based trust, right? Yes,

Speaker 1  01:41
it's that's a good moniker for it.

Speaker 2  01:48
Thanks. Matthias, I enjoyed the introduction through our mutual friend and you know, we've had some great conversations since then. So it's my privilege to be with you guys here this morning, and really to just continue the conversation, I suppose, is what it's all about.

Matthias Miller  02:08
So, you know, we don't, we don't have anything we had. We talked about some, some things that we would love to hear from you. But I want to hear a little bit about your like, your journey to get here, from your like, just give people a little window, or maybe even start with this, give people a little window into what your life is like at the moment, who you are, what you do, what's your life like?

Speaker 2  02:32
Yeah, so married for I can't get this one wrong now, 38 years, seven children, all grown, five of those married, 13 grandchildren. And really, most of my adult years have been in some aspect of ministry, in the church, para church ministries, and also in the entrepreneurial world. So never a dull moment, always opportunities, kind of lurking just around the next corner, and kind of guy that just kind of quick to jump in and take opportunities, hard to say no. You know, grew up in a beachy Amish church. My dad was in ministry from the time I was a very young kid, and really to seek the kingdom of God, I think, in our culture, was to invest in the life of the church. Now I, I qualify that significantly now, but that, I think that's how I that's how I received my culture and experience, and so that, you know, entrepreneurial journey started with the family business. Took over the family business, which was kind of a job for me and my dad and a couple of family friends, tried to build it into a company. Was ordained, kind of commissioned for church plant at the age of 25 and got tossed into Europe, didn't have a clue what I was doing. So it's just like go sick or swim. God be with you. If God calls God qualifies, you know, this will all go well, wow. So that was, that was the training by fire. Let's just put it that way. And really a pivotal as I look back, one of those pivotal experiences in my life back home, served in a local church for many years, moved 40 miles north, worked in pastoral roles in a church, took over my dad's business, tried to grow a company, and in some ways now, most of my story is told through the lens of my crisis of 2017 which was really an emotion, just hit an emotional wall of fatigue, commonly known in lingo today as burnout, and it. Was it was pretty, pretty serious. I thought I was done forever. I was out of business for three months, completely away from any pastoral ministry at all for seven months. And then just kind of slowly started back in trying to figure out how far I could go, what I could do, you know, and over the next two or three years, made some of the biggest, probably most consequential decisions in my life, guided by lots of friends and some wise people that God had just in His grace, just surrounded me with, didn't quite just let me go. They helped me and really forced me to navigate that season. And I would say, you know, now, what is it now? Eight years, almost eight years out of that, but took me five years to kind of fully recover, and I'm never quite sure today, am I recovered, or is it just now, old age that's giving me my kind of mental, emotional Yeah, which we referenced John. John was just one of my guides during that time, and he would always say to me, Steve, you're not taking into consideration the a word, the a word. You know, it took me several years until I remember what the a word was. It's age, age, Steve, age. You're getting old, and you're trying to live like a 30 year old. So, you know, that's part of the, part of the challenge that I faced in there. So that's, that's kind of a quick flyover today. I still own in a couple of businesses. I'm not actively involved in those full time, really now in business coaching, I'm really helping executives find their way in business and life, building healthy, sustainable lives of great impact around their core passions. And that's taken me now across the United States and some global clients as well. So really, all of my life really does feel like it comes together in the session room with leadership teams. My leadership was forged deeply in the fires of leadership, and now to be able to help people walk through some of the things that I've seen and experienced, hopefully in a better, healthier way, is really a passion of mine, but when you really love what you do at that level, it's hard to say no, and it's hard to pace it and hard to slow down. So you know, the other capstone of my life is my cabin in the mountains, where I just go and occasionally turn on Starlink so I can do a coaching call, but try to leave it off as much as possible, just just to rest, reflect and and just be human, just really be a creature in God's green world, a spike world right now.

Matthias Miller  07:55
So what was the I'm curious, what was the experience like leading up to what you call the emotional wall of fatigue.

Unknown Speaker  08:05
Yeah, so that's

Speaker 2  08:11
I have to look at it in in hindsight, because, to be honest, one of the reasons I got as far as I did was a lack of healthy self awareness. And in summary, I would say declining effectiveness, increased effort. In other words, working harder, getting less done that needed to be done, getting foggier and foggier rather than having great, actionable clarity in the various leadership roles. And one of the one of the kind of models that I used to talk about it now that I borrowed from somebody, which is everything I have is borrowed. I just can't always remember from whom. He called it the spiral of fatigue, that a healthy life has this rotation of work, chores, which is the work we do at home, not for compensation, just to, you know, wash dishes, mow the grass, things to keep life going sanely. So our vocation, our chores, and then rest. That's part of the human cycle, both seasonal. And you know, every seven every 24 hours, every seven days, and we need rest. The third one is play. The fourth one is play. And he notes that the spiral of fatigue, the first one to fall off is play. So we're no longer human anymore. We're now moving toward what I call some some aspect of trying to be God, where we really begin to try to manage all aspects of our lives, try to stay in control, try to take more responsibility than we humanly can take. And so play goes away. Then rest goes away. We might go to bed, we might try to take a day off, but we never check out. We never truly rest completely. So the rest is beginning to fall off, and then the next piece is our chores now aren't even getting done. All of life is work. Yeah, so, you know, looking back as I was sorting through what had happened, my wife would say to my wife actually said to me, you know, I remember you stopped turning the lights off after yourself when you left the room. Well, that's, that's a pretty minimal chore, right? But wasn't even aware of that. So it was all focused. And to be fair, you know, I was, I was the senior pastor of a church, you know, then, in a couple of years, had grown from, you know, 200 and some to over 300 planted a second campus, trying to, desperately trying to grow the leadership team fast enough to try to maintain the infrastructure. But even there, I didn't know how to do it. I wasn't sure that I really understood it. And unfortunately, was in a denomination where we were one of the larger churches and had no help from small church guys who basically said, do more of the core things. That's what you do. When you have more people, you know, visit more people. Do more of this, do more of that. Do more of that. Well, I couldn't I was running as fast as I could. The approach had to shift, and I knew that talking to friends who could help me with that, but then you have a culture change in the church, right? So I was really up against the wall in the church space. A business had grown from, you know, 15 employees to 45 I think, in about five, six years. And while I was in great peer groups, worked with coaches, I simply could not grow fast enough, because the leader is the lid, right? So in both places, now I'm capping the growth that could have continued to occur, if only I could grow fast enough. Well, today, I now bring tools to leaders who are stuck in those spaces, but my toolbox wasn't growing fast enough. I was chairing two nonprofit organizations about whose missions I carried cared very passionately and was trying to lead them pretty aggressively into kind of disruptive spaces. In some ways, you just run out of steam. Yeah, and then then you top that up with it's in places like that, where some of the emotional wounds of the past show up, and you have this, you know, this, this human battle of what, why? Why do we drive ourselves so hard? How much of its pride, how much of its personality, how much of it is we're still trying to sort something out from childhood or adolescence. You know, hey, we're kind of, we're broken people, and in those situations of intense pressure, as John, just to quote John, and I'll quote him many times, I'm sure, you know, John said, when you're under this kind of pressure, eventually something's going to break. And he told me this six months before my break. He said, We just don't know where I might come see you in the ICU with a heart attack, said most guys in their 50s who have heart attacks. It's not primarily a physical thing. It's a stress it's a stress issue, a major health crisis often has more to do with the stress in their life that's unresolved than it just does a physical issue. You may have a mental breakdown, you may have emotional crash, might have spiritual crisis. Kind of think of four, four basic human dimensions. And you know my D Day, what I call the day I crashed, Memorial Day, 2017 I told my wife I'm done, and I couldn't go to my meetings with the elders or with my leadership team in the business. And my emotions just cut loose. And it's a slight exaggeration. I cried for a month, but not a huge exaggeration. When I was awake, let my mind go at all. It was just, it's emotional wave that just kept rolling. And I'm very, you know, personality profile wise, I'm not emotionally where I power through whatever my emotions are, suppress them, try not to be aware of them. Just keep trying to do the right thing, do the next thing, that kind of thing. And John just said, Oh, now we know what it is.

Speaker 1  14:51
Yeah, the first question that comes to mind, Steve, as you were talking about all the things that you're doing, you know so much pressure is building. The first question that comes to mind is, why? Why the need? What need was all of that meeting

Speaker 2  15:08
so and I keep reflecting on that, and I've had, you know, great conversation partners now for, you know, 10 years or more, and you really need in these times to process them well, you need professionally trained conversation partners, yeah, who know the great questions to ask and understand where they're coming from? And so one of them, you know, was simply, I would say, kind of the inner narrative that's just on continual spool that I wasn't even conscious of, and it ran. It was basically more, better, faster, yeah, okay, that's, that's a death trap. If anything ever is, it's and then the other one is, I have a I do have a very visionary profile. So in the DISC profile, a very high D, extremely high D, ultra index, very high H rate. So I see the world strategically, yeah. I also have a bit of this melancholy side that we've got to figure out how to get this right, you know, because it'll, it'll show up, and that extremely high drive part of, you know, part of which is DNA, part of which is family of origin, sorts of things, coupled with, got to Get this right when, when it becomes the dominant narrative. And then it, you know, it overrides your theological awareness, even, yeah, and you know what, what you're saying to other people, it just overrides that, because it's running subconsciously. You have to confront that and retrain it. And so that was definitely a piece of it. And then there was, you know, I think there was an aspect of, aspect of success as seen through the eyes of growth, right and impact that has a bit of a flywheel effect. And and then ego gets involved in that. So you can't just acknowledge your limitations and your weaknesses. So, you know, those sorts of you know, pride is the most subtle of sins. It just shows up when you most think. It's not there. It's working.

Speaker 1  17:42
There's there seems to be a value proposition inherent in it for you. What is my what is my value based on these and these is, this is how I'm going to prove my value is via these vehicles.

Speaker 2  18:00
Yeah, so when you when you talk values, you know it is excellence, unmitigated excellence, perfection, growth, pardon, perfection. Was that the goal, let's just say John Woods, John would have said so,

Unknown Speaker  18:28
either consciously or subconsciously.

Speaker 2  18:32
And maybe this is just an illustration. That's a piece I've not owned yet, because, because, you know, I'll continually say, No, Perfection isn't achievable. It's not it's not who we are. And in my coaching work, I use the 80% is where miracles happen. If you think you get to 100% perfection, you know it'll last 30 seconds and something's going to fall off the wagon. So just give up on the 100. Go for 80. But even 80 can be pretty

Speaker 1  19:04
axing, yeah, yeah, yeah. I, when I, when I, I resonate with you. You know, as far as, like, the perfection, like, I would say, like, it's not possible, we cannot be perfect. But that was true for everybody else. That wasn't true for me.

Speaker 2  19:21
I could get it better. The opportunity for better was always there. And you know, to use Dan Sullivan's term, versus the gap versus the game, I really was focused on the gap between what I had just done, what I had performed, where the organization was and where I knew it could be. I was focused on that space, and as a visionary, you're always living and moving strategically into that gap, which is exhausting because you're never done right. Because that the and the opportunity for excellence keeps becoming more elusive. It gets higher, further out and. You know, as you get broader exposure, yeah, you know, Motel Six was a great sleeping experience at one point in time. And then there was the Super Eight, you know, eventually there's the Ritz Carlton. Oh, but, but the Ritz Carlton still has a few things that show up compared to some of the boutique places in the world. So it's that kind of exposure that just the bar just keeps going, higher, higher, higher, right?

Speaker 1  20:37
And you're just chasing, shaping, chasing, yeah, continually, yeah. Sorry. Matthias, I interrupted you.

Matthias Miller  20:44
That's all good. It's fascinating that it never occurred to me until you were talking how much growth, you know, you think of a hamster wheel. It's enough of a hamster wheel to set a certain pace and try to sustain it. It's a whole other hamster wheel to say that pace has to increase, or the it's like, that is, that is a that's a real hamster wheel. It is, it is.

Speaker 2  21:08
And one of one of my coaches I'm working with right now extracted a line from me that I'm quite conscious of that in my current kind of career where I really do value and create space for rest and reflection, because rest and reflection is essential to wisdom. Okay? And at this stage of life, if you don't have the space for wisdom to emerge, you can't do more if you're going to continue on the growth trajectory till you die, it's only, the only place you can go is wisdom, right? And and that's exactly what the Proverbs is inviting us to to be truly human, but continue the quest for wisdom. And so I I'm more in charge of my schedule than I've ever been in my life.

Unknown Speaker  22:08
So if I build a treadmill and find myself panting on the treadmill,

Speaker 2  22:16
you know, it's a treadmill that I've actually built myself, right? Which is usually the case. Sometimes other people are powering the treadmill, but we actually have some agency to say no, if we just would.

Speaker 1  22:33
It struck me as you're talking about that the rest is what's essential for wisdom. Immediately, what popped into my head was the Western Church in the sense of, we don't rest. We create bigger, shinier, more attractive of the same thing, yeah, and so there isn't any sitting still to gain wisdom for direction. And yet, we were just on this hamster wheel, and hamster, you know, just keep running and running and running

Speaker 2  23:03
and in the sense not to escape personal responsibility here, but there's a sense in which the American mantra is more, better, faster, right?

Speaker 1  23:14
And each of us has an individual responsibility within that we could decline the culture, but we're the ones participating in the culture.

Speaker 2  23:23
That's exactly right. Yeah, that's exactly right.

Speaker 1  23:28
And say, like, Hey, I'm gonna stop and I'm gonna rest, okay, I rest for 30 seconds, but then this thing pops up and I gotta run after that. Well, you're not part of the solution. You're part of the problem, yeah? But it gets really painful to sit outside of the system and see everybody else going and doing and posting and becoming and yet I'm here resting, doing nothing, being lazy

Speaker 2  23:56
Well, and that's, that's just it. And you know, I was, I was talking to Maria yesterday, who, incidentally, has taken John's place in some form. So instead of a you know, Dad figure, now it's a mom who looks you straight in the eyes and says, Steve, haven't we had this conversation before

Unknown Speaker  24:16
that? Those are always, you know,

Speaker 2  24:19
yeah, yeah. So becoming, becoming requires those seasons of rest and settledness. Doing is all about activity. But in order to do effectively, you've got to become something to do something, and if you want to do something different, you've got to become something different, which is you've got to grow up. In other words, you've got to become more rooted, deeper. There has to be more wisdom, more clarity, more insight, so that your next activities are actually more impactful in the mission that God has. Specifically placed you on.

Speaker 1  25:03
And it almost sounds like, like found you're talking about foundations like the rest the wisdom I have to create this foundation so that I can build on it. Because if I'm building on this shaky foundation, whatever I build is gonna lean and it's gonna topple,

Speaker 2  25:20
that's right. And maybe the biggest theological shift that I've had to undertake is you look at the creation narrative. Day Six is where man was created. Man's first full day was day seven, which was a day of rest. So we were created to work from a place of rest, not in order to achieve rest. And and somehow we think once we have achieved a certain set of, you know, great things, then we can justify rest. It's kind of like if you work hard enough, and you get to 70, then you deserve retirement, right? You put in really rock solid six days, yeah, you can take one off work really hard all year. You can take a one week vacation. Okay? And I think theologically, we just need to flip that script. Now we have to rest. In our rest, we become honest about who we are, about who we're created to be, about what our roles, our limitations, our dependencies are. Then when we get ready to go to work, we say, Okay, God, what have you been up to while we've been resting, and how now do we participate in your mission? All of that reframes kind of human work. It gives it much higher value, but it takes a certain aspect of the frantic out of it. It's, it's rooted in faith, not frenzy. And I'm still, I'm still sorting, learning, thinking, through some of those spaces.

Matthias Miller  27:13
It's interesting. The distinction between becoming and doing is an interesting one, coming from a standpoint of a parent of young kids. So what does the season of becoming look like? It's molars coming in, restless nights eating tons of food because you're going through a growth spurt. It's really in, you know, physiologically, it's really a disruptive experience for everybody when there's a season of becoming and then on the other heels, on the heels of that, and this happens in cycles with kids, and then on the heels of that, suddenly they're they're walking, they're running, they're riding a bike, they're eating new foods, they're gaining a new level of independence, a new level of communication, and all those types of things. So nature itself kind of has this, this language or this pattern of becoming leading to action, and it's, it's interesting. Your distinction is interesting how you how you shared that.

Speaker 2  28:19
I think, I think rest and reflection is an aspect of becoming something to do something. The other, the other piece for me was, and I this, this one's coming back here, as we're talking so, but I'm literally off, and you know, for a number of months, completely non productive. You begin to question whether or not your life has any meaning, right? Well, and then you realize it's because your whole sense of meaning was tied up in your career, vocation, calling, and you have to take a a fresh look at the quadriplegic, the mentally handicapped, the old person who is completely dependent, and ask the question, Do does that life have value? And you say, yes, absolutely okay, then my life has value. The value is actually in the imago day, day, not, it's not, it's not in our contribution. It's in the that reflective image of God, however, however broken it is, and that that forces a bit of a reset on how we view our work. Suddenly, it's, it's non essential. It's, it's more of an overflow of the generosity of God's grace than it is a striving. Seem to you know, there is a Strive to enter right there. That's a biblical phrase, Strive to enter into that rest. But there's a place that comes from a place of rest,

Speaker 1  30:17
that place of interest, intrinsic value. Correct, correct. It's such a hard concept to wrap your mind around within this culture, yeah. What is my intrinsic value? And we can say we're raised in church. We can say, Well, I'm a child of God. It was made in the image of God. Okay, what does that mean?

Speaker 2  30:47
Yeah. And how do we actually inhabit it existentially,

Unknown Speaker  30:53
not just like that word, inhabit it,

Unknown Speaker  30:56
because that's what, yeah. We have to live in that space.

Speaker 1  31:07
It seems like this experience that you had, this burnout, was in that month of crying afterwards, was maybe the first step towards inhabiting that space.

Speaker 2  31:18
I think so, if I'm hearing correctly, no, I think so. And I I find so. One of my challenges now is I have this craving for quietness, silence, reflection, time to just to think, to know, and again, I've some of my, pardon me, some of my guides you know, have told me you need more of this. And John used to say you've lived three lifetimes of activity. Now it's time to catch up and reflection on those activities, to extract the wisdom from them, and it feels like that is the season I'm in. And it's hard when you're spent too much time on the airplanes and rental cars and hotels, because you still got this whole drive. And there's opportunity out there, right? And the opportunity isn't actually decreasing, it's expanding, right? So the test never really goes away,

Unknown Speaker  32:37
but that's why I have the cabin now.

Speaker 1  32:42
I What is, what is the cabin? What does it feel like to you when you go there?

Speaker 2  32:51
So life feels like noise, rushing, chaos. Just drive ambition, gotta perform, and there you can just be the stillness. You know, it's a half a mile from the nearest power line. So there's, there are no utilities except thank you. Musk Starlink, when I set it up and attach it to my little solar powered battery pack. But the stillness, the quietness, and it just increasingly feels like it takes me about two hours to kind of so I've got our drive to the cabin, and I start, I can literally feel the spring starting to unwind as I go. And usually my truck goes slower and slower as I approach perfect, turn the key off, and then I just sit for a while. And it's that, it's the cycle of, kind of settling into the space, seeing what's happening around me, which is at the pace of nature, not at the frantic activity of Commerce and the quietness that comes with it. It's almost addictive that you just start craving it. And I think, I think I touched a bit of that during my sabbatical, when I was kind of off for months, I spent a lot of time in the mountains, walking, just sitting. And you sit long enough you start seeing things, hearing things that you didn't hear before, and then reading David Klein Wendell Berry, keen observers, yeah. And so I know I go out to my camp. I know some. Trees. Now, I actually know some trees, a little weird thing to say, right? But, I mean, I know the branches. I've sat there and looked at them for hours, and you just keenly hear things. And I think I'm not sure if I took a view this metaphor, this one comes from Maria, again, just incredibly helpful. I walked the Camino twice now, and the Portuguese Camino from Porto and Portugal up to Santiago about 1415, days, 180 some miles. And I've never encountered inner quietness like I have when walking the Camino. So the combination of just almost ritualistic walking, a very physical activity, but everything else so simple, and then your mind just begins to quiet. And Maria told me that's when the wisdom brain emerges. It's like the brain goes to work. So there's, you know, kind of neuroscience behind this, where your experiences begin to come up, and you actually your brain has the capacity to fit things together, yeah, integrate, yep. And there are moments of insight and awareness and learning, and, of course, spiritually speaking. You know, that's also when the Holy Spirit has access to speaking, or I should say, that's when he gets to be heard.

Unknown Speaker  36:36
Yeah, wow.

Speaker 2  36:41
And so that was a that was a life changing moment for me, but when I came back, the dissonance of the culture and busyness almost drove me crazy. I just wanted to go back to the Camino, right?

Speaker 1  37:02
And just spend your time walking back and forth pretty much, pretty much.

Speaker 2  37:08
And I'm not sure that I could not think of actually getting tired of that quietness.

Speaker 1  37:15
There's this so in quantum mechanics, there's this law called the law of observation. And essentially, and I'm paraphrasing, it essentially says that particles behave differently when observed. And that's what I hear when I say, like, when you say, you know the trees, like these trees are actually alive, and you're coming to know them because you're observing them, right? Yeah, I wonder you just talked about a little bit about coming back into the dissonance I would back in my early 30s, I would spend a bunch of time in a country called Namibia in Africa, doing mission work and that kind of stuff. It was wonderful experience, but it was such a detoxing experiences before smartphones didn't have Facebook, emails, anything like that, so it was kind of isolating while I was there. And I remember coming back to the States after being there for a month, and walking to the grocery store and going down the cereal aisle and seeing hundreds of boxes of cereal and just crying in the grocery store because the dissonance. It was just, it was just too much at that point, and I didn't understand it at all. I look back now and I get it, but like, it kind of feels like the same experience. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  38:30
And Maria again. Thank God for Maria was very helpful here. And she just, she took me straight to a biblical image of the tabernacle slash temple. And you know, said there's the outer court, where the all the the throngs are, the trading the marketplace, preparing for sacrifice, people coming and going, noisy, loud. And then there's the inner court, where you go once a week for offer sacrifices. But there is that Holy of Holies, complete darkness, complete stillness, in the very presence of God, but the high priest only goes there once a year. Yeah, and it's an extremely sacred moment in life. And she basically said, Steve, you that's where you were on the Camino, but you can't live there yet. Yeah, you have to go back out. You can go into the inner court once a week. Be sure you do that. But your life is you're called to go back out into that dissonance on mission that you're reordered and prepared for. You get a fresh sense of the supernatural, of the Divine, and you got to carry that back out into that chaos.

Speaker 1  39:59
It reminds me of. Desert imagery. Yeah, it reminds me of the desert imagery in the Bible, where you go out into the desert and God speaks tenderly to you. It's the holy of holies out there. It is. It is. And then you bring it back to the culture, your society, wherever you go back in. And maybe that's the function is. You go, you get this, you bring it back, and that's just a continual back and forth on the Compostela

Speaker 2  40:28
correct one. I really think that's, that's the church calendar. If you really embrace that, rather than Hallmark, I

Unknown Speaker  40:40
feel way more comfortable embracing that versus homework,

Speaker 2  40:46
although, although it's actually more uncomfortable. Yeah, oh, yeah, oh, Lent, oh, Lent. We're in Advent, so that's that's a little more exciting.

Matthias Miller  40:58
Yeah, it's interesting the picture that you're giving of this event in 2017 being the doorway to finding a kind of sanctuary that you never had found before. And it's also really interesting picture to think of. We think of Jesus suffering as, you know, his dying on the cross and, you know, and then just kind of categorically, his suffering, being a human, you know, putting up with this. But think of Jesus suffering, you entering, coming back from the Camino and stepping into the chaos of the world. Is a is a participation in the suffering of Jesus. I think it's a sacrificial act. It's an it's an act of incarnation, in a small way of taking the divine breaking and, you know, in some sense, breaking the bread for the rest of humanity. And there is, there is this element in which moving back and forth these in these places, is participation in the suffering of Christ.

Speaker 2  42:08
Well, it is. And you know the deep irony, I think I was in my teens when I picked up Philippians three as kind of my life motto, and particularly the passage that I may know him the power of his resurrection. And I don't think I gave serious thought to the next line, until 17, and the fellowship, fellowship of His sufferings being made conformable to his death by any means I might attain to the resurrection of the dead.

Unknown Speaker  42:52
That's very uncomfortable. Steve,

Speaker 2  42:55
very well. But you know the hope fill. The hope fill aspect of that is we fellowship. We share the fellowship of His sufferings being made conformal to death, inside of kind of the resurrection sandwich. Yeah, we're given the life of Christ first, not after. And it's only, that's, right, it's, it's, it's gifted. It's just gifted to us. But that doesn't mean we just get to that eternal life in all its bliss right away. No, there's a pathway to it, and it involves suffering, shared suffering. It involves dying, shared dying, instead of alone, and then resurrection. And I think the other thing it's just become, I just had another kind of epiphany along this line, light bulb moment last month, when we were in India, I talked about dissonance, India and Nepal, especially, visiting you know, some of the temples Delhi, spent some time in Delhi, right on the streets of Delhi, even in the less desirable parts of Delhi. It takes, it takes the American buzz to another whole level, and working with teams that are multicultural teams, some of them working cross culturally for a shared mission, trying to build businesses that nurture human flourishing. And they've not chosen an easy way to do it. They've chosen one of the most difficult ways, go to the needy places, partner with people there, work to resolve your cultural dissonances for a common good, which really is about nurturing human flourishing globally, even if it's done at a very local level. Okay, and I. Kept running into people who are tired. One of the one of the articles commentators in the Indian newspaper that I read talked about a growing epidemic of burnout among Indian government officials and and business leaders. I said, Oh, it's so different over here. And then, then there was a moment, and this, you know, I've kind of developed the understanding that God often brings fruitfulness from our wounds Jeremiah, the language of Jeremiah. And again, a pastor friend gave that to me right in the thick of burnout. Who had he walked a similar pathway? He said, Well, let Jeremiah become your friend. He knew how to lament and complain to God loud. Go ahead and do that. He begged God to heal his wounds. It seemed like it never happened. And finally, Jeremiah just eventually says, Well, maybe you can bring fruitfulness from my wounds, right? So, I mean, you have guides like that. It gives hope in the midst of darkness. Anyhow, so I'm in India, and I'm reading this, and I'm talking to some leaders who are tired, and an Old Testament book I'm spending some time with this year is Isaiah, and I'm sitting in a coffee shop. Great cup of coffee. And qualify this one more time with what you said, Matthias, that for us as Christians who are committed to Jesus, reborn into Jesus, and are part of his mission in the world, all of our work is a participation in his work. We partner with him. We're just we come alongside. We don't initiate, we don't create. In that sense, we come alongside and contribute. So we have to assume that he's at work in all of our lives to equip us for the pieces he wants us to contribute to. And then, then I read this verse. And this is a, you know, a servant Psalm. So as Christians, we say this is about Jesus. Well, if it's about Jesus, it's also about us as we participate with him. So just listen to this. The smartest moments I'll never forget the Lord God has given me the tongue of those who are taught, primary thing I do now is talk, and he's put me through some spaces where he's had to teach me some things, not that I am as taught as I'll ever be, but I've learned a few things. So the Lord God has given me the tongue of those who are taught that I may know how to sustain with a Word him who is weary.

Unknown Speaker  48:01
I'll never, never forget that moment. Okay, maybe that's what it's about.

Speaker 2  48:27
So you have to trust that there's no there's no suffering, no pain, no humbling, without some divine intent, and the intent is good,

Unknown Speaker  48:45
always good.

Speaker 2  48:46
Yeah, it's hard to believe that sometimes, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  49:00
you don't speak as a visitor to that territory. You speak as somebody who's lived there,

Speaker 2  49:10
which territory specifically suffering and

Speaker 1  49:22
there's not a bitterness to it, at least as I hear you talk, there's not a resentment, there's a there's a humbleness, a humility, a desire to learn, and a wisdom that has come from that. And I know you're not saying that, but outside, looking in, listening to you, that's what I'm hearing.

Speaker 2  49:43
Oh, when it's when it's there, it's the work of divine grace. Fair, fair, you know, so it just now has the, it just now has the subtle chance of actually disappearing for a loss, like, Oh, got this one. Finally got this one. Figure it out. That's how sneaky it is. That's how sneaky it is.

Matthias Miller  50:15
What was another curious question? What was the moment like, or what was the transition like when, you know you were looking at, you know, end of June, beginning of July. I don't know when it was exactly, but when the tears started to transition into specific thoughts and things started to bubble up to the surface. When did that happen? What did that look like for you?

Speaker 2  50:41
So, I would say it took two years to really get some equilibrium in that. So for the first two years, there was just, there were a lot of even monumental changes that had to happen. And just to illustrate a few, and I'll say this again, in many ways, the roles that I was responsible for, it would have been possible to do all of those in a healthy way, from my vantage point now and what I understand about leadership. All of that could have been done from a very healthy way. I would have had to make some very clear decisions, fairly disruptive to what was normal in some of those circles, to get talent, to put people into places that responsibilities could be delegated to, not not wait to grow people up into them, but actually bring in people for whom this was normative. There's ways to do all of that, but it's not always easy. Okay? And even that, you're all as a leader. You're always kind of saying, is this selfish to want great talent beside me, seasoned talent? And now I say, Well, it's actually what is required for the health of the organization, and as a servant leader, I'm here for that pause. I'm not here to serve till I die, that stay like to be a steward of one of the first things entrusted to me, which is my own life. So I have to, but I have, if I'm going to be a steward of the growth what's now present in this organization, I have to make some hard decisions, and I've got to lead well in that, in that process, to bring the people who can sustain what God has brought together here in others, build the trellis to support the vine, the vine, if the vine is going to grow, the trellis is going to be just overwhelmed. Our organizational infrastructure is not adequate for what it's attracting, but we have a problem. And the only person who can actually do that, you know, you can look him in the mirror, but you don't see him when you're looking anywhere else. So it's you've got to grow up. You've got to figure out how to lead through those kinds of challenges. I would like to think that at this stage of life, with the energy I had back then, I could have actually pulled that off. Now, I don't know. I really don't know, because it's also in a certain cultural context that doesn't take change easily. And so there's a reason, there's a reason we don't have large churches in our denominations that we that we come from, not that so large. They have certain infrastructure expectations that are not scalable. Okay, I want to leave that one alone. So having said all that, I started by resigning from the nonprofits. I said the responsibility is lingering and I'm not able to deliver on what I need to do, and so I resigned as chair for both of those okay, that gave me some immediate relief. I'm still CEO of a business and senior pastor of a church with two campuses. By January, I had made the hard decision to sell a majority stake in the family business. I said, if I can keep running it, and part of it in hindsight was my confidence took a big hit with the burnout, with the crash, and a leader without confidence, that lack of confidence just quickly ripples down through. An organization, okay? And then everything starts shaking. And so it's not about arrogance. Sometimes it feels like arrogance, but it's a clarity that gives us confidence, to inspire confidence, and you have to pivot. Sometimes say, well, that I was wrong. We need to pivot. But without that confidence, the organization starts. So by by selling a majority stake, 51% in the family business, I was able to buy backs, buy some confidence. Okay, not a great time to sell, right, when you're against the wall, but that's what the other half of it's for, try to build something and recover at some future point. And so I really thought with that, I can probably go back and be okay at church. Then it was about a year, year and a half in that the kind of the group that the church had surrounded us with during this journey, people we trusted. We were together, my wife and I with four couples sitting around the table, and we've been getting together for about this point, about a year and a half, for a while, every week, and then every two weeks, and then once a month. So we were in the once a month cycle. And honestly, I described the experience as we get together, sit around, have some casual conversation, then I would get up, completely undressed, lie in the middle of the table, and people would poke and prod and look and all this. That's what the experience was. Felt like, you know, but you have to trust people to do that, and that they're here for your for your good. And incidentally, one of the women said, said, Steve, it it seems to us as though you're returning to business with fairly good levels of energy. We don't see that at church.

Speaker 2  57:13
Oh, and just like that, the oldest woman in the group said, I noticed that too. I said, Well, what does that mean? We don't know what it means, but we think you need to consider that. Well, then I met fairly regularly with two of the men in this group, and a couple weeks later, we had breakfast, and this is at the top of my mind, just niggling and rolling around. So I said to them, Hey, do you guys remember what these two ladies said last time we were together? I said, I keep rolling them around in my head. So what's that all about? Do you agree? Is this what you see and what? What's What should I be learning from that, and they were a bit more reticent to acknowledge it, but they said it's true, but may just may just be time. Well, then about two weeks later, I went to see John. Okay, John is more objective. He's not at the church. He just says what he thinks and what he observes. So I walked in, I said, Hey, John, here's where I am. Here's what these ladies said. Here's some of the feedback I'm getting. I think they're onto something, but I don't know what to do with it. And John just kind of sits forward, looks me straight in the eyes, and says, Steve, I've been waiting for two years to tell you what I'm going to tell you, but now's the moment. I think you're ready. And then he asked me this crazy question, Have you watched the movie Sophie's Choice? I said no, so you've watched it? Kevin, yeah. Do you know the movie? Yeah. He said, So you're the Jewish mom standing beside the rail car, two daughters in hand, equally loved. And an officer says, you're going to take one and leave one, but you're going to have to decide now which one stays, which one comes with you. And he said, that's where you are. You love church, you love business. And I've known from the day I met you one of us. You can't do both. And he said, Steve, now you know which one goes well. If serving the church is, quote, your highest calling, that's a real confrontation of sensibilities. I'd already made the theological shift to. So and then, here's my, here's my. Now there's an order to life in the kingdom of God and ministry, non vocational ministry is at the bottom. Other words, because all those other relationships can actually disqualify you from ministry by not stewarding them. Well, right? Your relationship with God? How you how you manage yourself, Steward yourself, your relationship to your wife, to your family, to your friends, to money, to career. If ministry is not your career, every one of those can disqualify you for ministry. So it has to be of that priority. And so I think I borrowed this from somewhere, but ministry in the kingdom of God is the overflow of a well ordered life. Yeah. Okay, so I'm not going to leave ministry, but I am going to have to leave the vocational aspect of ministry. I can't be bi vocational anymore, and my vocation will be business, and I need to bring that back into an order that is as it ought to be in the kingdom of God, so that the ministry I have left those opportunities that remain are more of the overflow of a well ordered life, rather than being squeezed out of some marginal measure of energy I have somewhere, or being given the kind of priority that does not serve my commitment to God, to my wife, to my family, to my friends, does not see to a healthy stewardship of self. I like that term better than self care, yeah, stewarding, stewarding the self. You know, Paul said this, be careful, he said to Timothy, lest you yourself be a castaway and kind of felt like a castaway there for a while. And so he said, Steve, I think, you know, it's just a matter of coming to grips with it. And within two weeks, literally within two weeks, I had a conversation with our church council, submitted a letter requesting release from senior pastor, and it was granted within a month. Now I'm still in ministry. I preach, I teach, I pastor, some people, but I don't have it as a vocational responsibility. So that was, those were, that was kind of a sequence of things that started happening, and really felt like that was the big one, because it was, it was kind of a big disruptor that had to come along. And it took me a while again, if you were your identity, you go to a church, your identity is you're the pastor. And so all my pastor friends outside the Mennonite World said, Okay, Steve, you have to leave the church. You can't stay. All of our church documents are written in blood from stories we can tell you stories. Former senior pastors stay in their churches. It never works. The group around me in the church council said you can't leave. You have to stay. We stayed. I, in hindsight, I still think it was a mistake. My wife doesn't so only God knows for sure, right? I focused on business. Always continued aspects of ministry, and probably always will, but it does not have vocational, vocational priority at this stage of life,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:12
I was a long answer your question. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  1:04:15
like long answers, that's a great answer. Agreed. I

Matthias Miller  1:04:29
there's a lot of internal rearrangement expectations and and, like you said, the you know, you go from these theological shifts of even questions of value, but then to live it out, and then to start embracing that as a lived value, there's a lot of reorientation that has to go on.

Speaker 2  1:04:52
It is and it's painful. It's painful, but the but the i. What's on the other side? It's just the path you've got to go through it to get there.

Matthias Miller  1:05:12
Have you? I've noticed this in myself this week, somebody, somebody shared a blog post about the desert and joy amid sorrow in the context of the holidays, and it's probably in the recent past where even the very thought of a desert experience was absolutely terrifying to me. And as I've looked at the fruit of what it brings, it's it's almost uncanny. I don't know that I even really like it, but people start talking about these types of experiences, and I just it sounds terrible, but I get happy because, because the fruit that comes out of that. There's such a there's such a depth, there's a joy, there's a there is a breaking, there's a scarring, there's a wounding that goes along with it as well, but there's such a It feels very contradictory to say this, but I get excited about about these types of stories and experiences that people share because of what comes because of the fruit that it bears.

Speaker 2  1:06:20
And I think I would, I would echo it in this way that I would never wish my journey on anyone. I'd have a hard time wishing for it to be this way or have been that way. But I wouldn't trade where I am for where I was before. So if it took, if it took that, to get here, I'm resigned to that and even grateful.

Speaker 2  1:06:56
I talked to so I became a, you know, certified us implementer, which requires some boot camp training the group of 15. The typical EOS implementer business coach is a former entrepreneur, or is an entrepreneur that they're just taking their next step in their entrepreneurial journey with, with becoming a franchisee of Eos. And you know, to be fair, the majority are probably 50 plus age, age group. The group I was in, there were 15 of us, and there were probably of those 15, there were probably four that were under 50. The rest were 50s, early 60s, and of those 11, seven had had a major life crisis of some sort that was a part of restructuring, reordering, reorienting, reprioritizing who they were and what they were going to do with the rest of their lives. I'd like to see those transitions happen without the level of crisis, you know, and I, I used to jokingly say I no longer jokingly say it, but I still say it that cost me a million bucks. I could show it to you on my balance sheet. So it was an expensive lesson, even financially,

Speaker 2  1:08:39
I'd like to think people can voluntarily go to the desert to use your metaphor and voluntarily find guides and and I'll be honest with you, I think much of the church in the West, in our current season, we don't have many. The apostle Paul and Corinthians said, We don't have many fathers, and I think this is what he's talking about. We don't have many people who can guide us through these desert journeys wisely. And I would just say, Thank God, there are some. And it's incredible that I've, I've been surrounded with some of those people. And you know, to be honest, almost none of them were from my denomination. They just kind of all stepped back and looked and then turned their eyes away. But I had a network of friends who leaned in, some within my local church, some pastors from other churches in the area that we had a deep, deep friendship in the Gospel, and they leaned in. In and help me find other guides. You know the church, the church knows about this in our history, and we need, we need these people to help us find our way. And so it does seem to me that there is a way for people to voluntarily go to the desert occasionally to seek out people who will have tough conversations with them. And we, we embrace some desert journeys, some desert retreats, some wilderness retreats along the way, rather than waiting until the walls crash on top of us, but God, in His mercy will you'll come around if we don't, and we'll, you know, get our attention at some point.

Speaker 1  1:10:57
Seems most of our religious framework is built around avoiding the desert?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:02
Yeah, I agree with you.

Speaker 1  1:11:06
And I think in that sense, there's a inhibition, or there's a prohibition against going into the desert. And so whether you can choose to go out there or not, I'm not really sure I would fall more on the you're called out there and because your life has become unmanageable. But who knows, but there's a wall you run into in going towards the desert. That's right, even if you're called out there, you run against this wall like, No, you can't go out there. It's dangerous. You'll die. That's that's losing something, you know? Well, yeah, I need to lose not just something. I need to lose a lot of things. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:11:46
And, you know, I too optimistic, I suppose, but I think you're right. I think you're right. Kevin, one of the, one of the books that I don't know how I found, but somewhere about two years into my journey, thought, I think it's called the critical journey. And written, co written, I don't remember the authors, but they describe, they describe my journey. They gave language for my experience, which is what we need often right to help make sense out of things. We need words and and they describe this, I think they put life into kind of five stages. They describe this stage four as hitting the wall. Yeah, and one of my mentors, it's been a mentor for many years, Pastor, professor, who really has walked deeply and carefully. He said to me, Steve, when you use the term, I hit the wall, I have hope. I'm glad I don't hear I'm falling into the abyss. Yeah, they're very different, and to me, I hadn't given that much weight to it, but when you hit the wall, but what they describe is, you're up against the wall. You don't see a way under, over or around. Everything going forward is a wall. And I can't tell you much of what they describe, but they talk about persistence. You don't give up. You know, there's life on the other side of the wall, and eventually a brick comes out, and you see a shaft of light through the wall. And one of the things they described that I'm still, I'm still kind of hanging on to and hope that when you get through the wall, the other side is love, the capacity to be loved, and the capacity to love that's far beyond what we have ever been able to even Imagine. And it's interesting that this is coming together here in my mind. Okay, sometimes when we tell, tell our own stories, light bulbs, come on. Yeah. Just, I just preached this past Sunday, and our small church, it's, it's still unaffiliated, but it's this blend of so I think the leaders use the term Catholic orthodoxy with Anabaptist seasonings, okay, and it's a commitment to the Universal Church to say no, there is a stream of of historic orthodoxy, and we want to live inside that stream of Orthodoxy, not really excited about modern fads, theological trends. We want to know where the old river flows. We want to connect deeply to that all the way back through even the dark pieces. That's our story. Our story doesn't start with the Reformation. It precedes the Reformation, and we just want to be in that. Faithful strand belonging to that body of Christ. Ugliest pieces of it are ugliest pieces that we bring to it are, this is where we are and we want to gather in the liturgical rhythms of the church, celebrating word and table every Sunday, meeting Jesus at the table, in fellowship in order to reorient ourselves back out to the world. So that's the pattern. Well, one of the one of the couples that God has brought to our fellowship. The guy is 78 years old, retired former architect and absolutely obsessed with the apostle John's writings in Scripture. Yeah. And I asked him, you know, I forgot to know him briefly. I asked him. I said, Greg. I said, So what do you do in your retirement? He said, You may not believe this, but he said, I just ask and revel in God's love. What? Yeah. He said, we have this intimate thing going. And he said it took me 70 years to get here. This guy has the capacity to love and to talk about love and to be enamored by the love of Jesus that I just get wistful about. And he says, Well, Steve, you're still 59 that's what you got 11 years. And so, so it's he, he says, No, that's what John is inviting us to Okay, and so I'm saying, so there's opportunity here, and I'm just bossing that in. That's what's on the other side of the wall, and these and the authors of this book say most people hit the wall, fall back and just resign themselves to that rest of their lives. They don't persist at the wall.

Speaker 1  1:16:56
There's the imagery of of the Via de la Rosa, like approaching the cross, and then getting on to the cross, and then coming through the cross, which I hear as metaphor with, with, with this walk with Jesus. But most people come to the cross, they get on, they start trying to fix their wounds, and they they get off, and they stay there. They don't go through. See similar imagery. Is what you're saying. It is, it is, yeah, come die with me.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:26
There's love on the other side. I think that's what we have a hard time believing.

Speaker 1  1:17:33
Well, that beauty of John to me, no matter what it is that he writes like, if I could distill it down to one thing, it's just restful union, yeah? Like knowing and being known completely and utterly, like, that's what's on the other side of the wall. Yeah?

Speaker 2  1:17:54
And, you know, the picture from the Gospel of John is John leaning on Jesus' breast asking him a question everybody else would be terrified to ask.

Speaker 1  1:18:04
Yeah, right, right. He's okay. I've never heard it portrayed that way, but it's beautiful, asking the question everybody else was terrified to ask. Peter's like, ask Him. Ask Him.

Speaker 2  1:18:22
Peter, the guy who's most audacious of all of them, you know, yeah, gets his foot in his mouth all the time. This is why he won't ask. John's like, hey, if

Speaker 1  1:18:32
it's a question, Peter won't ask, you gotta. You gotta think about that for a second, because he asked a lot of questions.

Speaker 2  1:18:40
Oh, my, oh my. Some that were best left unasked, right? But for Peter, they probably had to be asked, just like some of the questions we've asked in our lifetime, right? Just, I could just

Speaker 1  1:18:55
imagine, at the end of one of those questions, Jesus looking at Peter and going, you know Peter, Satan's asked for you. He wants to sift you like wheat, and I'm just going to pray for you that that you you're steadfast in this, and then when you're done with it, then you can strengthen your brothers like that's his response to one of the questions, yeah, yeah. And poor Peter's going, like, I just asked a question.

Speaker 2  1:19:27
I got that whole load that's yeah, oh, Peter and John, you know. And it's funny. I've kind of almost jokingly said that four of the most influential mentors, coaches, therapists, even Christian counselors in my life, are James, named James John Paul. Paul and Mary, I'm just missing Peter. And somebody said to me, Well, maybe it's you.

Speaker 2  1:20:16
Maybe. Well, I said I've had a few Peter S moments, I suppose.

Speaker 1  1:20:22
So, oh yeah, yeah, wow. I know we've only got a few more minutes left, but it really the one on that list that stuck out, stuck out to me, was Mary. What did you learn from Mary

Speaker 2  1:20:43
so and her real name is Maria, yeah, okay, and I just talked to her yesterday, but it it was again, found her, met her through extremely unconventional ways, and I was John. John had retired from his professional career as a counselor, and so he would, he would literally say to me, whenever you want to talk, he said, I give this invitation to a few people, whenever you want to talk, buy me a beer and you have an hour, yes, okay, and so we would get together, and some of my pastor friends were begging John and I to collaborate on a book for pastors on fatigue. I had the conversation with John, and he told me that he had just been diagnosed with ALS. He would talk to his wife. He came back and said, Let's do it. You'll have to come to my house. We'll record videos in our conversations. But I've got these things, doctor's appointments, things I need to do first, and I'm praying for three years, so I think we'll have time. He was gone in nine months. I don't know I've ever felt a human loss more deeply than John's passing and I lost, I lost a conversation partner who helped me find my way in the dark. And so I was without that voice for, I don't know, year and a half, maybe I was kind of looking and Maria shows up on the scene, has some of the same traits as John, in other words, a master's degree in psychology so very deeply understands the human construct from a psychological perspective, also has a master's degree in theology and is more Christian than psychologist, okay? And I value, I value careful observation in what's truly science, even in the soft sciences, I value it incredibly. But I value revelation as well, and electoral revelation to give light to the sciences. And I believe that they're all speaking the same language from the same author, and we've got to figure out where they're, what the what the shared message is, giving some priority to, you know, Revelation. On the other hand, we're reading Revelation from a context, and it was in a cult, you know, we'll get into humanity. Now, that's another hole. But anyhow, Maria showed up, and she became my conversation partner, but with a much more she has a much more nurturing and it just seemed like this was divinely appointed at a season in my life where that just mattered more. I didn't need the boot as often as I needed. The gentle words of a mother, and my parents are both still living, but you know you need, you need other fathers and mothers on the journey as well, and she's just been an incredible gift and brings her own she's Latino, Latino background, so has a much more open hearted, emotional approach to things. I've never actually met her in person. We've only talked on Zoom, which is a bit of a travesty, but for somebody who has been emotionally locked up almost their entire lives, it does just seem like a bit of a god. Tossed it in there with a wink and said that, let's see what Steve does with this one.

Speaker 1  1:24:46
Yeah, yeah, wow, that's powerful. Well, I I feel like we scratched the surface and we have a. A number of hours more we could talk.

Speaker 2  1:25:04
Yeah, I'd like to flip the questioning here after a while, but so

Unknown Speaker  1:25:08
yeah, yeah, without a doubt.

Matthias Miller  1:25:18
All right. Well, yeah, Kevin, to your point, there's a lot. Steve, I we could we go for hours? Steve, I appreciate your willingness to open up. Well, first, first and foremost, I appreciate your friendship in and really appreciated your input in my life.

Speaker 2  1:25:40
Thank you. Matthias, those moments that's that's mutual, don't always meet people who can talk about business and theology and the arts and that philosophy all within a span of 15 minutes,

Matthias Miller  1:25:56
exactly like a rare set of gifts. Find those people you lock in, man, and I also just appreciate your vulnerability and sharing these little windows of the journey. And one of the things I'm always mindful of, we don't know. I don't know everyone who's listening to this. I do know some of the people who are I know some of them have really, really been gone through some incredibly difficult times. And my hope for everybody listening, no matter which side of that journey you're on, that you would just that this gives you some hope in that journey. And hopefully there's nuggets. And I found this for myself, there's nuggets from looking at other people's lives, and you're like, ah, yeah, that happens for other people. I'm not alone and and there is hope if I just continue, even if even continuing is the most that I can possibly hope to do, yeah, and so thank you for thank you for that, Steve. I really appreciate it.

Speaker 2  1:27:08
Yeah, and I would just note continuing, one of the reasons we continue and can continue is because we're carried.

Matthias Miller  1:27:14
Yeah, it's very true. That's very true. All right. Well, and with that, I think we're going to call it a wrap. So to all of you guys listening in, I appreciate, always appreciate, always grateful for you guys going along in the journey with us. And we always love hearing from you guys. Feel free to drop a line. Steve, is there a great place for people to find you? Steve miller.com Steve miller.com if you want to learn more, go there and

Unknown Speaker  1:27:47
you'll find some stuff you didn't want to

Matthias Miller  1:27:52
know. Also, why you listen to the podcast, perhaps there's a theme. All right, appreciate it. Steve, appreciate it. Kevin and till next, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai