Speaker 1  00:25
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, cannot hear you now and then, unbelievable. So I have always worked on a laptop in my office. I plug in the speakers, and I kid you not, my pluggable speakers and the speaker built into the laptop went out on the same day. I have no idea what happened. So here you might be a challenge, but how are you you good? Okay. Did you have any time at all to look at that little video module that I sent you there?

Matthias Miller  01:08
I did. I just got done going through it. Okay,

Speaker 1  01:12
awesome. So, and by the way, just steer me in the right direction. I'm not trying to foist anything upon you, but I'm totally here to, like, help you build some momentum. I think it's good for both of us. And I don't know what all your your picturing or whatever, but basically, the other day, I heard you say that you want to do lead gen efforts. That's like my words. You just don't want to do them yourself, and you're thinking about getting other people to do it. Is that pretty close to accurate?

Matthias Miller  01:41
Yes, I am, and as Audra would have just to have a propensity to jumping about three steps ahead of where I should be. Okay. So the only here Hang on,

Matthias Miller  02:18
so SCR sounds good in theory, why might this not be the right time for it? A, Josh's team is supposed to be doing this for podcasts. Um, B, go ahead, I was

Speaker 1  02:38
gonna say I missed the word there. Josh's team is going to be doing something podcast should. Should be doing this outreach, this through. Podcast Got it, okay, yep, through and for

Matthias Miller  02:48
podcasts. So they'll be doing the outreach to get podcast guests, and that should get calls on my calendar. Um, the other reason why it might not be is, am I clear enough on exactly what it is that I'm offering. Maybe the answer is yes, maybe no, but how refined is my

Matthias Miller  03:15
is my messaging?

Speaker 1  03:20
Those were very good questions. I have a couple thoughts on that, and they are that that's an awesome starting point. I think the messaging the offer and the messaging around the offer are pretty much the crux of all of this. I also think that offer building is not it's not one and done. I don't know that anybody can ever say, Oh, I have an offer now I'm ready to go do lead gen. In fact, I really kind of suspect that the two go hand in hand. You got to come up with some hypotheses and validate them, and the purest form of validation is actually doing it like there might be litmus tests and processes and checklists and caveats. You know, what's the word criteria which are good, and they're designed to help you not burn money uselessly, right? And eventually you gotta actually do it. So are we focused? You? Helped me frame this conversation. Are you when I say we like I'm totally down for doing this with you, but I'm not trying to impose anything upon you. Are you wanting then to proceed down the you know, and I don't even know how you officially categorize this, but helping shed businesses where marketers probably consultants and marketers both, um, and then we're trying to let them. Somebody with a shed business is going to let us, you walk in the door and help them improve their business. There will be some sales ops and whatever the. You're bringing, and then possibly media buying, that's the portion that may have to do with me. And then that as a package is our offer to the shed business owners is at least that much in the right ballpark, particularly in the right ballpark, yeah. Okay, okay, so then we have to have a way to get our foot in the door, and it might be with the whole offer, or it might be with something else we've, you know, the in the industry, an audit is often presented for media buyers. You've got your, what is it? Again? OBD, right. OBD, and so at the moment, OBD is like the offer you've got got on your in your mind as the foot in the door offer to present to them, is that also correct?

Matthias Miller  05:44
Yeah, that. And, I mean, obviously there's podcasts, but yes,

Unknown Speaker  05:48
totally, okay, yes, yep, um,

Matthias Miller  05:52
there's also a discovery, a paid discovery offer, which I've done one of. And have a prospect for a second one.

Speaker 1  06:01
I'm taking a note. Hey, Discovery offer. Those are your three offers that you're going to present to somebody who's like never heard of you before, to bring them into your world, right? Sure. Okay, that's like the Do you remember Perry's maze 2.0 and he drew it like this circle, like a labyrinth with a circle, and this is the outside edge of the circle. Then you got to draw them further into your world, right? I think, as a side note, I think that's an awesome collection of offers. Are you wanting? How do you then want to proceed? Do you want to focus on the podcast bit, and therefore your only active concern is how to launch the podcast and get guests onto that podcast?

Matthias Miller  07:00
Well, I'm very mindful of short term path to success.

Unknown Speaker  07:09
Sounds good to me,

Matthias Miller  07:13
so to me, which which comes down to speed and control. I and me, if you want to do that, then the there's a few ways to do that. Number One, who are the people that I already know that I can offer this to? Number two, I

Matthias Miller  07:44
Who are the people that I know who can refer me number three, person, personal, outbound and outreach. Is

Matthias Miller  07:59
there anything else

Speaker 1  08:03
did you just call that number three personal outreach,

Matthias Miller  08:07
like me, prospecting and doing stuff and

Speaker 1  08:12
then and turning that into a system which can then be handed off to somebody else, yep, and which is kind of where I came in with the SDR here, I'm in strong agreement with that, and even the priority, prioritization of it. Cool, yep, okay, well, all right, so and what parts of that are either next steps or like a challenge, or you have some thing that needs to be solved in order to proceed.

Matthias Miller  08:50
All right? Well, here's an example. So I have a i

Matthias Miller  09:05
Alright, let's go referrals.

Matthias Miller  09:20
The I

Matthias Miller  09:43
just do this, straight up, ask.

Matthias Miller  10:07
Okay, when I ask for a referral, what type of referral, referral is best to ask for? Is it best to ask for a podcast guest, or is it best to go go. Ask for

Unknown Speaker  10:30
Sorry.

Matthias Miller  10:33
Go ahead. No, you go.

Speaker 1  10:39
They're kind of like channels, sort of so you got your little podcast universe, you probably then have other universe, um, you do not actually want a podcast guest. You want a client. And therefore, if you have a situation where the referral might be in a position to refer you directly to a potentially paying customer. That's what you want to ask for. On the other hand, if the situation is fuzzy, um, you you don't know if this is likely to lead to a buy my thing conversation like short path then, um, it seems like the podcast situation is absolutely ideal for getting to talk with the kind of person who is probably not. It's going to be like, hey, Matthias, I want to buy your thing. I heard good word about you, right? It's kind of like a version of the Chet Holmes triangle, if you know what I mean by that, right. So it's that famous graph about you. Take all the people in the world who could ever possibly buy from you, the lower 60% literally will never buy, even, even if they've heard you seen, you know, new they're never going to buy. The top three, at best, are the people who are literally ready to buy right now, meaning they already have that business. They have that problem. They already know about it. They're already ready to pay money for that problem. And wow, you're the guy to hand that money to, but that's going to be like less than, I think the official thing is 3% of the total of all the people you could interact with. The people who are just totally ready to hand you money are the small, little peak. The next batch down are the people who will hand you money. But there is something that has to be done first. They have to get there. They have to like you. They have to decide that it's you, whatever it may be, and that's where you want the podcast people to go, because that creates the know, like and trust and whatever on the podcast situation that can then lead to a conversation where, like Josh Thomas's whole thing. Hey, I've got this deal, by the way. Oh yeah, tell me more about that. Hey, that sounds interesting. Okay, yeah, let's, let's schedule a call to talk about that. And that moves them from that lower 6% 3% whatever it is, up into the 3% so it's a very important part of the puzzle. But the point being that the three percenters you want to get straight to them and the podcasts are for everybody who's just a little bit below the 3% that make sense?

Matthias Miller  13:12
Yes.

Speaker 1  13:13
So when the referral situation is likely to lead straight to a 3% or somebody who's totally ready to buy you, quite literally go in for the kill, and everybody else goes to the podcast.

Speaker 1  13:30
There it is. Oh, I was right. I almost have it memorized 3% Oh, my zoom thing. I'm holding a book up. I'll photograph this and stick it in. Is it chatty that I would call that thing

Matthias Miller  13:46
chanty? Chanty the

Speaker 1  14:00
Ultimate Sales Machine. I mean, it's been around Dan Kennedy, right? Or at least that old everybody references. And I think that it is probably quite accurate. Here it comes, 123, it's amazing how many clicks it takes on a screen just to send a photo. There we go.

Speaker 1  14:32
Yep, yep, okay, so, so then, does that help solve or answer that question, that question of, What do I ask for? Only you will know on the spot and in context which one to ask for. But basically, if it seems apparent to you that the con tact, the referral is potentially very hot, then you just go straight for have them call me. Have. Talk to my assistant and have them schedule a zoom. Anybody else goes to the podcast?

Matthias Miller  15:07
Right? Okey doke, so effectively, what you're saying is go ask for podcast guests. Unless you know otherwise,

Unknown Speaker  15:14
I agree. Is this kind of thing helpful to you?

Matthias Miller  15:28
Maybe I don't know yet.

Speaker 1  15:31
Okay, all right, okay, so then the other things, and I'm thinking, what you're part of, what you're saying is that you need to put focus and priority on the whole podcast thing, right? Yeah. I

Matthias Miller  15:50
mean, I think that's basically true, because

Speaker 1  15:52
you don't really have any other pathway for presenting your OBD offer outside of running ads, SDR, LinkedIn, cold, email, or some other such thing, which we may get to but that's not what you want to build first. You want to build your podcast situation first. Is that accurate?

Matthias Miller  16:15
Think so randomly.

Unknown Speaker  16:19
Curious where the hesitation is coming from. I coming

Matthias Miller  16:27
from. Bucha still feels like a long game. Oh, really. Okay. Well, I say long, it's a month out. I went something in less than a month

Speaker 1  16:41
that makes me super happy to hear. Um, is that because of jot and there's too many Josh's here. When you said a bit ago about Josh in the podcast, you were talking about Josh Thomas, is that right? Correct? That is correct. And is that because, like, if Josh's schedule, you've got a situation he's going to fire up in January the 15th or

Matthias Miller  17:02
Yeah, I mean, it's taken them until the first time they even did anything remotely was in the past week, which I didn't think I was that okay. So granted, Lead Magnet offer building that stuff took some back in time, back away with Josh Thomas. But I first purchased the program

Matthias Miller  17:33
on November 7 and it's taken. So basically the timeline is it takes a month to build out all this stuff, which is not what they had said earlier, and it takes, it's going to take another month to get guests on. And it's worse because of Christmas. So I get that, you can't control that, but it's gonna get another month before we can get guests in queue, up 10 episodes, two or six weeks, I don't know. And to actually, literally, launch. Wow, yep. Um.

Matthias Miller  18:26
Which I just find really obnoxious. I would have I wanted to launch, I wanted to start recording literal podcast last week so that we could actually have, so we could actually launch in January, like, like like, that would have given us enclosed adding. I mean, it's gonna end up being adding and adding a month to it because of everything.

Speaker 1  18:54
So there's, like, there's like, three month long delays stacked on each other,

Matthias Miller  19:00
right? Okay,

Unknown Speaker  19:01
that's all really

Matthias Miller  19:04
here's the frustration, yeah, I need MX records because I don't have access to domains. You need what? With Josh's team, I need MX records. I

Matthias Miller  19:25
Yeah, anyway. And Josh thinks I'm crazy because, like, here, I don't want him using my code house email, because they get access to the universe. I'm not giving an agency access to my universe. And so I care about this stuff. Sometimes he thinks it's scope creep. We disagree on some things. He's a great guy to work with. Don't have a problem with that. He's nice, he's he's but

Speaker 1  19:48
a tough cookie. He actually is a tough cookie. He's a nice tough cookie, and he's a smart tough cookie. But he is, i.

Matthias Miller  20:02
I go anyway. So it's, it's, I mean, just things like that, like their team can't even Excuse me. I told you last night. You said you did it. You didn't do it. Gmail activated. Okay, never mind now it's activated. Okay, hang on.

Speaker 1  20:17
Sorry. I This is the world I live in, so I'm totally familiar with this level of whatever we want to call it frustration, problems,

Matthias Miller  20:29
like, do people not can people not run ops? Are people not competent? I mean, I know I say that in a very drought, cheap Friday afternoon mood, but

Speaker 1  20:37
I'm fine with with the grin. Chat too. No problem. Don't no, it's, you know, when I go to do, one of the reasons I have always hated running cheap, low end offers is that I will burn so let's, let's, let's say I post on my Facebook just, this is just random ride, and say, hey, I'll do a steep discount audit for 50 bucks, right? Why not? Why not make $100 get two people in the door? Um, I will spend more time trying to get them, and I mean, a week or two or three trying to get them to just give me the right password. Then I will doing the work and it I'm sorry, but it bothers me bad because they're hurting my and it's not just 96 hours were spent on the clock. It's the sheer distraction and the inability to get movement and momentum and move on to the next guy, because the first guy strung out for two and a half weeks, right? And that is, that is exactly how this stuff tends to go. Sadly, sadly, sadly.

Matthias Miller  21:58
Okay, hang on, let me, let me see and Get them this access, All right, so antibodies, I

Matthias Miller  22:43
like anyway, and then he got after sorry, this is another he got after me because I have too many exclusions. Okay, you have primary buildings. Your primary buildings are more than 1000 square feet. That's not a that's not a shed, that's a barn. It's exclusively metal or fabric. Fabric, first of all, what is that? And I saw that, and I don't want them, and exclusively metal. That's not That's not true. Cabins and modular homes, that's a completely different line of business. Tiny homes, completely different line of business. Pole barns, completely that line of business. So don't tell me that I have too many exclusions like these are legitimate exclusions that you'll see, and if they're primarily anyway, end of brand.

Speaker 1  23:21
Um, that might have backfired, because there's a possibility, you know what? I think he has a point. You need people who do build sheds. If they are also building a tiny home, no problem. If they are also building a pole barn, no problem. As long as they are building a shed, it is there a problem if they're doing both okay, I actually have done enough cold email in the last two years that I think I get where he's coming from, like, let me and my team go scrape the world for shed builders and don't make me cut my list down to 10% just because they also happen to sell a pole barn, a tiny home, etc, okay.

Matthias Miller  24:03
But if, if they primarily sold, okay? And maybe I'm getting too technical here, but primarily, they're primarily selling bull barns, they happen to sell a few sheds.

Speaker 1  24:13
That's I would treat that as just let it come out in the wash. Okay, how often is this happening? Is this Oh, I don't know. Okay, I actually, I think I get his frustration there. Why don't you just let him turn, turn him loose, and if you end up with people scheduled to her a total misfit, come back and say, No, this is not working. It's kind of like you're half hobbling the horse, and at the same time you're expressing some you know, like, Hey Josh, let's hurry this up. And then he's thinking like, Well, hey, Matthias, you're adding all this criteria, and it's slowing me down. Sure, I

Speaker 1  24:58
think the criteria could. Simply be that they do sell sheds and it's their primary line of business, not like selling used cars. And they happen. I literally have a friend who's in the car business and sells sheds too, like no joke, that he would be a total misfit, right?

Matthias Miller  25:18
Which is so. But am I defining my target audience, too. Now, okay, so like with with that, with that point, yeah, I don't know

Unknown Speaker  25:35
you're worried about what I

Matthias Miller  25:48
Yeah, and I mean, fundamentally within the industry, there's dealers and there's retailers. So do I want to build offers for dealers? The only way for dealers to survive is they become they get the same hunger as in in person, sales person, and they actually start playing the game. In my opinion. I

Matthias Miller  26:52
I have no idea where we were, sir, I have no idea where we

Speaker 1  27:02
were. Oh, that's fine. I think we were trying to sort of address the delays with Josh's team there. And I'm recommending that, if I'm just recommending, you, grease the wheels, remove all friction possible, refine later if it like really implodes. But I'm kind of doubting that it will really implode, right? Uh, okay, now that conversation came from the fact that we were talking about, you called podcasting the long game, and then we're explaining that there's all these delays. Got it. Um, so you can't let, let's, let's suppose for a moment. Sorry, my ADHD taking control here. Let's propose for a moment that podcasts are too far away, whatever that means, just a little too far away, and you need something sooner. So something sooner could not possibly involve a guest on a podcast that would be straight back to the top 3% meaning, is there someone that you can present the ODB offer or the discovery offer, um, directly to them and have a reasonable chance that, yeah, they're going to say, Yes, um, to just working with you. There's nothing wrong with that, by the way. This, this is the podcasting is a genius step. I'm all for it. I think it's a great idea. Most agencies have never even tried that they start well, probably closer to the bottom of the funnel, which is what we're talking about. So that implies that you have, or can get, a list of people to simply present your offer to have, have you thought of a pathway for that yet? Is this where you just want to go focus on referrals for a minute? The other kind of referral, like who you know, and anybody they could, you know, so Gabe at true point, and anybody Gabe could introduce you to,

Matthias Miller  29:00
yeah, I mean, I think that's, that's, that's completely a possibility.

Speaker 1  29:05
Okay, so how many folks who are kind of in Gabes shoes more or less, do you have at your fingertips?

Matthias Miller  29:20
Hang on. Let me we do one more thing. I'm going to try to make their lives easy, easier.

Unknown Speaker  29:26
All good. I

Matthias Miller  30:29
Okay, so, referrals, So let's do I?

Matthias Miller  30:46
Let's do this. What I like about referrals is that

Speaker 1  30:55
they're ideal. They're the golden egg that you want out of the goose. The question is, where's the goose?

Matthias Miller  31:00
Well, and Oh, come on. I don't know where my I lose so much stuff, marketing plan. Let's try this.

Matthias Miller  31:20
No, that's not where.

Matthias Miller  31:33
I guess the business model is this one. Um,

Matthias Miller  31:44
okay, so here in lies talking about greasing the skids, and I tap The brakes. So Gabe i

Matthias Miller  32:04
J, J, square,

Matthias Miller  32:21
true.

Matthias Miller  32:34
Outdoors. I

Matthias Miller  32:43
These guys are tricky. This is this has been a burr under the saddle for a long time. So these guys represent technically. These showed up first, as my colleagues, clients, represent a substantial amount of revenue. They're extremely protective of them. And I, of these guys, I don't have any problem asking gate for referrals, and we can see where they go. The other guys, I don't know it's one of the reasons, one of the many reasons me wanting to deck out of some of these partnerships, because it's just kind of obnoxious. I

Matthias Miller  33:47
So i

Matthias Miller  34:06
But if the ask is only I'm looking for for shed builders to get on my podcast,

Speaker 1  34:13
that's easy, and that's why I think in the big scope, that's your best priority. I think that's going to work great. I mean, I can't think of anything is going to work better. Going to work better, um, but then this discussion was about who, if anyone, is available shorter term, right? And if you're thinking like, oh, I can't ask for both, then you actually, you might be in a position where you have to wait to be able to ask for podcast guests, although, although you can ask now, meaning today, December the 13th, and then tell them, them, whoever them is. Doesn't matter that the podcast is new, launching and coming in January, but it would still open up a discussion. I mean, think about the fundamentals. Marketing. The worst problem that we all have is here I sit. I know you, I know a handful of other people. There's a million people out there somewhere that want their Google ads run, but I don't know them, and they don't know me, and create a situation where we have found each other. Is literally one on one, basics, and that is the problem. So if you get the ball rolling in any way, any way, shape or form is the phrase I'm looking for, the door will open the conversations. And you might then discover that while waiting for the podcast to happen, you can have other conversations too,

Matthias Miller  35:41
right? Hello,

Speaker 1  35:42
I got a podcast. So, yeah, that sounds cool. It's coming up soon. We're gonna do this. Gonna do the other and then, I mean, I'm literally not gonna figure out your messaging for you here on the spot. This is my weak spot to begin with. But then, if the conversation is going well, you like each other, you're just happy to talk, or whatever you you know, you could say, Hey, I've been working on this. OBD offer too. Tell me, what do you think of this? Like, it doesn't necessarily have to be a cram it down their throat thing. It can almost be like, hey, while we're waiting on that podcast and having a great time chilling, I'm cooking up two other things. What are your thoughts? And that could be, yes, and

Matthias Miller  36:20
it could be, well, yeah, it could be, what do you think of this? And do you know of anybody who could give feedback on this? There you go. And then they're like, oh, I don't want to hopefully. It's like, I don't want to miss out

Speaker 1  36:31
Absolutely. And in the ideal world, you passed the Gary Halbert test. Uh, let me come right back to that. The, um, I'm not joking. I had COVID Last year, really bad, and I can't think as good as I used to anymore, and it bugs me a lot, really bad. What was I going to say the

Speaker 1  36:58
I lost it. Basically, I'm thinking that once the conversation gets rolling, it creates multiple pathways. The Gary Halbert test is this. You know who Gary Howard is, right? Greatest copywriter of all time, according to some people, he said that he knew so Gary Halbert was back in the direct response paper mail days, and he said he knew he had a winner when he could write a sales letter, literally, a piece of mail, go to a bar, hit Find any random stranger at the bar, tell him, Hey, man, here's what I do for a living. I'm trying to dream up this new thing. Let me read this to you, and you tell me what you think of it. Not, hey, I have something I want to sell you literally, like, right? I'm a goofball. I do this weird thing called copywriting for a living. I'm trying to dream up something new. I'm curious. Let me read this to you. And so he presents it as, hey, buddy. I want a random strangers opinion on this thing. And he said he knew he had a winner when the random stranger would say, really, how can I buy one of those? Like, literally, when the right thing happens, but without asking for it makes sense. So you have a winner when you say, hey, I want you on my podcast. Oh, by the way, I've got this other thing. I'm looking for people to give me feedback on it. And the guy says, really, I want that, even though you weren't asking him if he wants it. So, so I think you could solve a lot of problems by starting down this pathway.

Matthias Miller  38:37
What's the classic friction, speed and momentum, traction, yep. So if I would amend all my requests, really to say, Look, I'm just looking to get people on my podcast

Speaker 1  38:53
totally, you're creating the foot in the door situation and beginning conversations, which is what you need, no matter what, yep, yep,

Matthias Miller  39:05
yep, yep, yep, I

Speaker 1  39:07
like it. And so with that in mind, let's kill two birds with one stone. I'm recommending to you that you kill two birds with one stone. Why don't you go start banging down all the doors, knocking on all the doors, and talking about the podcast, and then if anybody turns out to be friendly, nice, interesting, interested, persuadable, anything other than a grump, tell him. Tell him that actually some of the grumps could still refer you. Oh, that thing I was trying to remember a moment ago was this Glenn Livingston said, That's Ryan Levesque Minter, and he's mentioned a lot in Perry's 8020 book. The best time to ask for a favor is right after somebody just did you a favor. It's weird, but it's a human psychology thing. So favor one is you interested in my podcast? Yes, I am. Favor two is, okay, awesome, good. That's starting in January. I'm also looking for people to critique. This thing you want to take a peek at it. For me,

Matthias Miller  40:04
I like that.

Speaker 1  40:06
I'm pretty sure that's in the Cialdini book somewhere as well, but you don't have it memorized.

Matthias Miller  40:10
Cialdini, I think more reciprocity, where you do something for them, and then it's probably

Speaker 1  40:15
related to the Oh yeah, Cialdini, reciprocity is the one everybody likes to quote, but that's one out of seven or so things in his book.

Matthias Miller  40:24
It's more as is more congruent with the Lindy idea that or Lindy or RFM. I mean, it's same thing Lindy. Lindy effect being, being as long as something has been is how long it will be. The inverse is, as recently as something happened, that's how recent, how imminent it is. Are roads going to disappear in the next 1000 years? No, very unlikely. Correct. Are houses likely to disappear in the next 5000 years? No, um, how long will Facebook be around? Probably another 20 years. Google, we know at least that long chat, GPT, well, they're going to be around for another five years. Just a How long is Greek orthodoxy going to persist? Well, another 2000 years, or at 1500 or whatever it is. How long is the Mennonite tradition going to persist? Well, that's going to be another 500 years. The RFM is the opposite of that. That recency defines imminence. So when did, oh, you just clicked on the website. Oh, you just bought this one thing for me. Oh, but you you buy another one. Now you bought it a week ago. Well, maybe in the next week you might buy something, but the chances are going down, down, down, down, down. As recency increases, so does imminence? Um, that's

Speaker 1  42:03
referring to action, though, not persistence. So yes, I get that the first thing was persistence. The second thing is act, likelihood of recurrence.

Matthias Miller  42:12
I think there's inverse correct. I think they have their their different coins, different sides of similar principles at play. But yes, persistence versus You're right. Persistence versus one is persistence and one is, yeah, exactly. So,

Matthias Miller  42:36
I mean, yeah, anyway, fair enough. And so if I just go out and I like this a lot. I

Matthias Miller  43:07
I like this a lot.

Unknown Speaker  43:10
This means what

Matthias Miller  43:13
go ask for, podcasts, guests, I

Speaker 1  43:25
and coincidentally, you're actually killing two birds with one stone, which is awesome, like It's great for short term and long term Momentum.

Matthias Miller  43:45
Uh, all right, that was a very roundabout. We really talked about SDR, didn't

Speaker 1  44:26
we? I don't really. I'm not disturbed. I'm would you like to talk about SDR? Now, we didn't miss anything. We were here to solve problems, and we did it. So we

Matthias Miller  44:33
talked about what matters. I don't care. No, I mean, I'm happier this way. Anyway,

Unknown Speaker  44:39
I do still have more time, like, if you're wanting to talk about,

Matthias Miller  44:44
I mean, I just don't think I really have other things I should be doing. But

Speaker 1  44:52
SDR, in my mind, is basically, I mean, it's cold prospecting, and. Having a team do it, which, at the end of the day, is what every agency, every business, wants. I think it'd be a massively valuable skill in and of itself. I need to get there. I'm kind of kicking myself in the foot for not having actually gone far enough down that road. The fellow there named Ryan Shaw. You're welcome to watch any of that. Yes, I bought the course. I'm not worried about ethics on that, because we're trying to do business together. And I think this is absolutely applicable to the project. We're on the module right before the SDR one, he mentions he actually talks about SDR at the beginning of the previous module a little bit, and then launches into doing the classic, you know, go make a loom video of their website as a foot in the door. Offer that one of the things that I love is when I buy courses training or listen to whatever different people everybody has got, their attitude, their perspective, their angle, their flaws. Some of them are charlatans. Some of them are not charlatans, but they're careless. Some of them care, but they just don't care enough, right? But when I hear things said by Perry and by Justin and by this guy and by that guy, in spite of all their flaws, it tells me that there's something in it. The sheer fact that multiple people have said this worked for me is just an awesome, good sign. So in the industry, it is pretty common for people like me, and I probably just need to get a grip and go do this, by the way, to just go to some go find what looks like an ideal client. And if you can find like, Hey, look over here. You're running Google ads, and this is going wrong, and it's obvious to me, even from the outside, by the way, if you let me take a look at the inside, I can probably find other ways to save you money, right, or whatever, and then go cold email that, and then this becomes a quality versus quantity problem. Quality means I spend an hour or a day, really digging into all the things that I can see from the outside about their marketing in order to make a five minute loom video and really try to sell them. Talking to me, you obviously hope conversion rates are high in that case. SDR, cold prospects. Prospecting is the opposite of that nobody, especially someone who's not mean, doesn't know what I know is going to go take the time to do a high quality external critique with somebody. Instead, we're going to come with an offer that some $5 an hour guy from Pakistan can send to everybody in the world who runs Facebook ads and say, hey, look, you're running Facebook ads. You're not running Google ads. Let's double your business. And I'm not saying that's the offer, but just something fixed and not custom. It is entirely possible that you or I, or both, could do the the loom video thing, the short term, high quality, do a few a day yourself. We could do that right now to go try to get shed customers. That reminds me, I have another question, but let me make a note, yep, so that's two halves of the same coin, going out and doing cold prospecting, but just you just me really doing it in depth, trying to really get their attention, or a team, A third party, a freelancer, doing it for us, but on a different level, I probably need to be doing that, and you totally could do that as well. And you're welcome to go through Ryan's material here. So Ryan, I met him through AD skills, seems to run. I've known him for a few years now. I don't think he's definitely not a fly by night, because he's still around. I've never caught him like, you know, presenting something that I didn't found out wasn't true. I think he's fairly trustworthy. He's kind of a funny character, a little bit spaced out. He seems like smart, and yet he's not like Perry and people who are really, you know, present and and he's pretty laid back and a little bit detached sometimes. But if you want to go through any part of that thing I sent you there. I think if you were in a rush, if podcast was not good enough out of anything, I could hand you in a box or a package and say, Here Matthias, I think this is the pathway. It would probably be, what he teaches, what Ryan teaches there in that little 14 day boot camp course. Does that make sense? Got it? And so, like, literally, if you were, if we were to have another call tomorrow and you'd say, Hey, Jonathan, I thought about it overnight. The podcast stuff is great, but it's not enough. We gotta get going. Now I would say, let's do that. The Ryan Shaw stuff. All right, get yourself customers stuff.

Matthias Miller  49:48
I have one other question, okay, maybe let's get back to that one. Every prospect reached out cold calling. I. Runs a small probably running about, I don't know, a million or two took a hit last year. Tried, tried hiring on for online sales, and thinks it takes a unicorn to manage it. Young guy,

Speaker 1  50:13
I'm sorry, I'm slightly lost. This is a shed owner. Shed business owner, reached out to you. I reached out to him. You reached out to him? Okay?

Matthias Miller  50:24
He runs a dealer model. One of his dealers runs Google ads. She's old school, doesn't use a CRM. They tried doing online sales. They failed. They don't think they have the budget to do it, maybe they don't.

Matthias Miller  50:49
I think he's a young guy. I think he's got some leadership challenges,

Matthias Miller  51:01
the opportunistic side of me sometimes, sometimes I don't know when to hit the gas and when hit the brakes. You know, is this a good good client? Would it be worth selling even a discovery to them? Or is that going to turn into a nightmare? How do I vet that I and obviously there's a question. I think the basic answer is, look, you have one of two options. One, you can switch to online sales, and that's the way the world is shifting, and those are the people who are doing well right now. You can also invest more heavily into getting better dealers. By the way, selling a dealer talked to Josh. Josh is not a big fan, um, did some research. A lot of these. You basically sell as a biz op sales person who wants to own their own business kind of thing.

Unknown Speaker  51:57
Josh long, yeah.

Matthias Miller  51:59
Josh long, okay, he doesn't, he doesn't like, he doesn't like working with dealer stuff, which is fine. Um, so, and I think you figure out where they come from, insurance. And I so I asked a sorry, this is a lot of information thrown at you, but I asked within the Facebook sales group, hey guys, I'd love to hear for for you dealers, I would love to hear your story about how you got here. Well, some of them were another part of the shed business. One of them was an insurance agent. Some inherited the business. One had his wife talking into it. And anyway, so

Matthias Miller  52:46
So the other option on the client is saying, Look, this is a long shot. I don't know that it's going to work, but I think we can do better than what you're doing now, and we're not going to guarantee successes, but we'll, we will work with you, but we think we can help you, and you can do the dealer model.

Unknown Speaker  53:10
And we have some track record, and we have some

Matthias Miller  53:12
track record, so we know a thing or two, and we're going to go find a

Matthias Miller  53:27
we're going to go find we're going to go help you find a dealer who's actually going to sell and actually has ownership, and then and who's going to use a CRM, and Then we're going to plug in marketing in a CRM. Marketing and a CRM to them, and they're going to we're going to drive them as hard as we can. And the Josh is also not a fan of base plus upside, unless it's base with just about as much upside. I I don't know if it's timidity. I don't know if it's just where I'm at right now in the business. I don't know if it's the people I've been talking to, but probably some combination of the both of both. Josh is charging something like 100k for a three or four month engagement. But probably has more as as a good bit to do with a client, good bit to do and what he's focusing on. I don't know

Matthias Miller  54:38
if I've got this guy on the line, and I think I can extract money from him, and obviously I'll help him along the way. I mean, I'm not saying

Speaker 1  54:51
that whatever you don't have to do mine yourself. I got it. But

Matthias Miller  54:55
if I can extract money out of the guy, should I?

Unknown Speaker  54:59
I would. Good. So going back a small notch, nobody has answers to these questions. They can only be found,

Speaker 1  55:12
I think, what's your ability to have a chat with the guy? So my favorite mode of selling, and honestly, I don't even know how to do anything different is just diagnostic. Like, I know there's sales guys out there that all they do is they have their offer, their stick, their pitch, whatever you want to call that, and they take it to them, and then it's kind of like, here's some pressure, take it or leave it. I'm gone. I have never been able to do that. I don't even know how to do that. The only thing that I know how to do is to hear that somebody has a situation or a potential problem or opportunity and start talking to them about it. So what's working? What's not? What were you hoping for? What did you try? Oh, oh, you did Google ads and it failed. Why did it fail? It works for me, right? Oh, fail because I hired a guy from Pakistan, and he used, you know, broad match, AI, everything. Oh, well, no wonder that didn't work. That never works, right? And so the fellow you have in mind. Is it possible you could just talk to him and have a general kind of think of it as a let's see if we're a good fit for each other conversation?

Matthias Miller  56:17
Yeah? I mean, yeah, we had a version of that earlier, like, okay, asked him later one, I just told him straight up, look, I'm not sure where I need to take some time to digest what you said, and let's, let's revisit the conversation.

Matthias Miller  56:38
So I think he would completely be open to another phone call, and we could pick up the conversation and say, Okay, so, why did the online salesperson not work? What? How are you currently recruiting? You know, etc,

Speaker 1  57:04
yeah, I would, I would just, and what does he expressed interest in so far? Or he never did express interest

Matthias Miller  57:14
Well, I mean, he's not besides just Well, I mean, he's, he was interested in some kind of, I don't know, baseball subside to fix this problem, which I perhaps shouldn't have thrown out. But I did the

Unknown Speaker  57:32
audio. Got me in there. He threw out what?

Matthias Miller  57:34
I threw out the idea of a base plus upside, type of an arrangement to make it work for him, which he was interested in, and maybe I offered that prematurely, but charging

Speaker 1  57:44
him nothing until those results, no,

Matthias Miller  57:48
not nothing. It's, it's you. You pay me a basic retainer that hopefully covers an hourly rate that I'm satisfied with, and then, plus

Unknown Speaker  57:55
outside, okay, base, plus, yes,

Matthias Miller  57:57
um, you mentioned that he was looking at another company who would take his products, mark it up, put it under their brand, become a retailer for their company. He didn't sound super, super enthused about that. He already believes in the dealer model. And to me, the big question in for solving his problem is comes down to the question of, how do you sell biz op, because that's what it is. It's not a it's not a job anymore. It's a biz op, it's

Speaker 1  58:36
interesting. I'm starting to question, if I'm totally lost, we are talking about helping a gentleman sell more sheds, or we're talking about helping a gentleman shell sell the shed business idea to other potential biz, op, entrepreneur, owners. There's

Matthias Miller  58:53
two models from shed businesses, direct sales and dealers. Yeah, direct sales. You go hire salespeople, which is Josh's thing all day, every day, buy leads for the brand, push it to your sales team, get them to close. Whatever dealer model you get. You have a production company. You have a parent brand. Potentially dealer may or may not create, probably, probably creates their own website. Dealer may choose to run marketing, may choose not to. They figure out they pay, they pay for their lot. They have some buildings in their lot, they get a little bit of a higher commission. And so the former, you get a really good sales guy who just wants to show up and sell. And you get in and you prove to him that, you know, Josh is magic number 150k a year, it's been proven. You have all the systems in place to do it. That's the direct sales model and the dealer model. What I'm gathering. Thing is that you don't sell this to a salesperson, or you don't sell it as a sales role, because it's not you go to an insurance agent as an example and you say, Do you ever really get tired of the fact that you're just a salesperson and you're not actually a business owner? Would you like to actually be a business owner? And what nobody tells them is that being a dealer is like the worst of both worlds, like you are a business owner, but you still have some constraints, like you would being a sales person, but you also

Matthias Miller  1:00:50
but then you have all the headache, you have a higher you got to sell, to cover your monthly lights on the

Speaker 1  1:00:57
best of both Worlds, and it's actually the worst of both worlds. Good. It's honestly fit for someone who does not want to build sheds, but love sales and marketing, whatever that means to them, any version of sales and marketing and is happy to sell them. It's probably not presented to them that way, because that's going to sound like work. Yeah. So, I mean, it's

Matthias Miller  1:01:27
not that different than selling franchises.

Speaker 1  1:01:29
It's literally. Is the franchise model literally?

Matthias Miller  1:01:32
But the question is, how do you find the franchisee like one out of every Okay, other sales team, one out of every 10 or 20. Well, I don't know she wasn't even a dealer, set up as a dealer. I mean, straight up, most dealers are loser sales people.

Speaker 1  1:01:56
It makes sense because of the mindset that that. It makes sense because of the kind of people and their mindset, the kind of people that are probably attracted to that it's actually is a great fit for somebody who loves sales and doesn't want to build a shed. But that's probably not the people who get attracted. The people who get attracted are probably somebody who are looking for, like, almost passive income. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:02:27
no, okay, but see, that's where you have to change how you present it. Okay. Do you want to? I think, I think part of it is, do you want to? Dear sales, dear on fire sales person, you're looking for an ON FIRE sales person who is a chip on their shoulder that they don't actually own a business and they can't put people under them.

Matthias Miller  1:02:58
And yep, they're not never going to get promoted to sales manager. Because what well, or if they do what's in it for them. I mean, they get a salary. There's always the man. I mean, I mean, there's always, they're always working for the man and he's he's always getting in the way of them making everything that they deserve to make

Unknown Speaker  1:03:32
appeal to that greed.

Matthias Miller  1:03:33
So

Speaker 1  1:03:36
I have slightly lost on what conversation we're having. Are you trying to discover how we can help people make the jump and become dealers.

Matthias Miller  1:03:50
Okay, here's here's the context, because

Speaker 1  1:03:52
I walked into here assuming that we're helping people sell sheds and like that applies to either one, but you seem to be having a slightly different conversation.

Matthias Miller  1:03:59
So, okay, prior conversation, so helping sheds. Big picture, big big picture. Helping shed companies. Smaller picture. This guy who has a dealer model, um, Philip specifically. Philip has a has a business with his partners. Philip has dealers. Right now, Philip is happy with only one dealer, but that dealer can't scale, and he's not really that happy with the other dealer. So what is Philip going to do? And how are we going to help him? We can say, Philip, the only way you're going to do this is if you bite the bullet and make the switch to online sales, direct sales. Sorry, you're going to have to do it, and you depending on dealers to get you to the Get your revenue to the point where you can do that is flawed. And why would you do something that you're capped out on?

Speaker 1  1:04:54
When is the parent company that's i the light bulb just dawned. Okay, oh yes. Yes, is not the dealer. He's the big guy. He's the 800 pound gorilla, and he needs sales, and He'll either get sales by doing online sales, which is what we kind of want, but he already tried it and it didn't work, or growing his dealer base. Dealer base is basically glorified sales people. Okay, I'm sorry, for some reason I thought we were talking about the in dealer, the little guy.

Matthias Miller  1:05:20
No, we're not talking Philip is the big guy. So then Philip needs so Philip, you can build your in house sales team, and we think we can help you, and maybe we're not, we won't. This is a bad sales pitch, but we're not perfect. But boy, have we been around the block, and we know a thing or two. And if you listen to us, then we could really help, or Philip, if you would really like. And we can't make any promises on this, because this model is a really tricky model. It's easy to sign on dealers, you know that, right? Philip, yes, it's really easy to sign on dealers. It's really hard to get dealers to really sell, right? Philip, yeah, it's really hard to get deal, and it's really hard for dealers to get dealers to use a CRM, right? Philip, yeah, it's really hard to get them. So, which? So, so, Philip, we have our work cut out, but we can help you in make it more likely that you'll find the right the right dealer who's absolutely going to be fantastic at doing this. Can we guarantee it? Nope, but we, we are very confident that we can save you a whole bunch of heartache and mistakes along the way.

Speaker 1  1:06:41
So this entire endeavor is a trial run for you, but this is actually going to be a very valuable learning experience. When you have attempted on the other end of this, you've already helped the folks you're calling direct sales, people like Gabe at the case study. It's experience under your belt. You have not yet gone and tried to help a dealer do dealer things, but if you do, you've pretty much covered both prongs on the fork that almost all shed builders are using, one or the other. And that's going to be some really valuable experience. If you've tried both

Matthias Miller  1:07:23
well, and it would be really valuable for me to be able to say, Oh, you're running the dealer model,

Speaker 1  1:07:27
and it's awful. Don't do it well. Or

Matthias Miller  1:07:31
I can say, I know, I know exactly what it takes to go find people who who are going to actually do what you tell them to do.

Speaker 1  1:07:37
Yeah, yep. I like it. I think it's a good pathway. It might hurt, by the way, it may not make money, but it's going to be a short term, but I think it's going to be pretty awesome.

Matthias Miller  1:07:53
All right. Well, I probably won't reach out to him today yet. I'll try to probably ping him. Ping a Monday.

Speaker 1  1:08:01
Yeah, I think you should I really do. Final question. Final question, are we thinking looking for Amish Mennonite shed builders only, or are you open to any shed company in the world? They're selling sheds

Matthias Miller  1:08:20
like I care more about. I care more about, do they have a problem I can solve? And do I not hate working with them then? And that slices Amish Mennonites straight down the middle, and it's the rest of the world straight down the middle. So

Speaker 1  1:08:38
how do you actually solve not hate working with them until after you're working with them.

Matthias Miller  1:08:44
You don't. You do short term engagements and you trial, try, you know, pressure test. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:08:58
there's a lot that I like about the concept of working with, let's call him Anabaptist for now. Sounds good on paper. Makes me happy to work with good people and support good people, probably a small degree of you know more honesty and forthrightness going on in that arena as a whole, maybe. And yet, I'm also aware that there's some pretty peculiar set of businessmen to work with, and there's a lot more companies out there, so it kind of limits the whole size of the pond that we're fishing in, if we're only trying to talk to those people. Yeah. So Right. I would be curious when you have developed your OBD offer a little further. I'd like to take a look at it. I may. I'm just speculating. And my wife and I, I'm going to talk to you about you as if you were a third party. Yeah, it hurt my business really bad when we lost tree point and my family, like, you're super bad. Don't, don't, don't. This is not personal. It's not the point. And so I have spent a year or more, obviously wrestling with that myself, and, of course, talking to my wife, because it's what all guys do. Right about like, what should I be doing instead? Is this even the right track? Did I get off track something else? What? And it has come up a good number of times, like what, probably mostly my wife literally saying to me as just me alone, things went great for true point. Why don't you just go sell yourself to more said companies? And of course, I have 1000 answers to that. Half of them are probably excuses. But yes,

Matthias Miller  1:10:49
I have, I have a solution. I don't know if you're gonna like it, but I have a solution. But keep

Speaker 1  1:10:54
going. I'm close enough to none that I want to hear your solution. I'll wrap it up literally, like I still toy with the idea that maybe I should just go hop on LinkedIn, or do the loom thing that we're just talking about from Ryan Shaw, or do cold email or SDR or anything, and literally just go after shed companies

Matthias Miller  1:11:12
do this, do a bundled service for dealers. So I have a go high level white label SaaS mode. We have a weekly sales call that we run for dealers. So the story goes like this, dear dealer, doesn't it just stuck being out here by yourself, and you're you're running here and there, and you're lucky if you ever get like you listen to, okay, I have to wash my hands. Grand CARDONE or fill in the blank. Andy Elliot, you try to get yourself and off some good Andy Elliot and band that happens once every blue moon, and it's just tough and got the grind. Wouldn't it be nice to have some a daily like a, wouldn't it be nice to have a maybe it's not even, wouldn't it be nice to have a weekly shot in the arm and like, boom, here's your sales motivation for the week, and you're going to get amped up and fired up. You have your own Monday sales meeting. So this and, and wouldn't it be awesome if you could get Facebook leads, high quality, top tier Facebook leads, delivered to you? Boom, easy. Here's how it gets done. And all this for 250 bucks a month, you just about can't say no. And it's all a I know you're think I'm crazy, but it's it's all an economy of scale and scripted. You figure out how to create this Facebook or this ad campaign that's so drop dead simple to manage, and you're only getting top of the top of the

Matthias Miller  1:12:45
you're only you're only getting, you're only buying the top segment of the market, because they don't really probably need that much. And if they can, if they can crack that, then well, sure you can scale it marketing. There might be more fees involved. CRM is costing isn't costing us anything. CRM plus lead gen plus weekly sales call, that's entrenchment. Now, what are the downsides? Okay, well, they're little mom and pop folks, and they don't know what they're doing, and maybe they're problem clients, and we'd probably have to draw some hard boundaries and say, Look, you can't complain. I mean, we know what we're doing. Yes, there's ebbs and flows, and there's not support included in this. And if you want that, then you go up a level. I think it's either it's completely counter to the everybody, every shed lead buyer wants to work with the big companies, the retail companies, who actually have a budget side.

Speaker 1  1:13:53
Side note, I'm about to be late for something at 430 and so I'm going to switch to my phone and keep talking to you. Sorry for the trouble. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:59
all right,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:04
oh, but please keep talking. Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:14:06
okay, so it is a potential way to make it work, recording in progress.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:17
Sorry, do

Matthias Miller  1:14:25
oh my Yes, are you there? Yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:27
I hear you

Matthias Miller  1:14:30
so. So I think that I don't know what it takes for you to pay your bills, but I think that's the kind of thing where they should be pretty easy to find. They're down. You're you're saying, well, obviously, here's what you need to do to fix the problem. You need three things. One, well, you need four. You need three things. One, you need ambition. You need fire lit under you. You need to, you need to go run with the best. You. Need to, you need to be a sales guy. And number two, it's not your fault. They're not giving you leads. The world is switching to, you got to get leads, and you got to buy leads. And, man, most of these folks are so ridiculously expensive you can't afford to hire an agency for that. And, and, you know, you're just starting out and and they're just trying to take advantage of you. Of course, this is all overkill, but anyway, and you need leads, and you need to be able to get them at a price you can afford. And then last of all, man, you got to get, you got to get more efficient with your time, like or it's not more efficient with your time, but man, you gotta, you got to become a lean, mean Sales Machine. And the way that you do it is you're always following up with leads. You're on top of them, you're you're you're not wasting time. You make sure nobody falls through the cracks. And the way that you win here, I'm totally talking to lizard brain here, and this is totally me channeling something that's not my usual behavior, and you gotta hustle and grind. And the way you're gonna do it is you outwork everybody else. And so we sell them that they drink the Kool Aid, they get leads, they get ambition, they get energy, they start actually working the leads. And then we start adding some skill sets on top of that, and they're gonna make more money. Like, it's not rocket science.

Speaker 1  1:16:28
This is interesting. I'm actually fascinated. So let's see here. I am. The only thing that is like a total misfit is I am completely the wrong guy to do some sort of weekly, ample up sales meeting. Do you know somebody who would fit that? I can totally do the marketing, the Facebook, the CRM, the automation, the whatever get the gets you, leads, parts I can build. I can start this. I can run this. I just cannot do the Get you some energy on a weekly meeting, or bump you up, or teach you anything about said, because I don't sell sheds, right?

Matthias Miller  1:17:11
I'm trying to think who would be the well, I know a guy who would probably do it. I don't know if he's any good. That's the problem. I don't know how to vet these people.

Matthias Miller  1:17:29
I don't want somebody who's eyeing on becoming a sales trainer. I don't know if I want to be the go to guy here. I want to be on the treadmill of figuring out what to say every week.

Speaker 1  1:17:48
How essential Do you think that component of this is? I guess it is pretty essential, because the whole underlying premise is pump you up to do the work, and then we're going to give you leads to work.

Matthias Miller  1:18:00
Well, I think I could be wrong. Well, okay, I don't know how essential. I don't know how to gage how essential it is. I think that. I think it's really valuable, one way or the other, to give these people some love and attention, and it doesn't have it, maybe it doesn't have to be a pump you up. What I have it, okay, but could we build network effect in this? Like, who has? Hey guys, we want you get you. We want to highlight your wins and successes and your lessons. So shoot a video. Tell us something. Tell us a story. Or you read something great in the book and shoot a video and talk about it. Or you found this great clip on YouTube and go make it five minutes. Go find the five best minutes of it, and we're going to disseminate that. And that's your that is your that is your shot in the arm. So that would be, you could crowdsource it. That's some work to manage. Or you could just say, they just need love and attention. They don't need hype or motivation. So what we're going to do instead is we are going to, we're just going to get on calls weekly, and it's just, it's not about,

Matthias Miller  1:19:35
well, I don't know. Maybe it's not even that. We are going to open up a two hour time slot where you can call in and have private conversations with any sales related question you.

Matthias Miller  1:20:00
Here's the thing I struggle with just a little bit I don't know how to bring in a really good sales trainer without him having him take this project off the rails for me, building his own. Try building his own following.

Matthias Miller  1:20:27
Maybe I'm paranoid, but

Speaker 1  1:20:36
what are your thoughts? I'm sorry I lost money in here, and I'm sorry I'm sprinting. You're saying, you know a guy who might fit the role of doing the training, the hype, the care, whatever you want to call it, but you're thinking he would take the idea and run off on us on

Matthias Miller  1:20:58
his own. I don't know how good he actually is. I don't know, I don't know much about him. And I

Unknown Speaker  1:21:05
think he was, how do you know him? Where'd he come from?

Matthias Miller  1:21:09
Oh, I mean, he's in the shed industry. He's, he's, he has a dealership with a shed company right now. Okay, I and what if I have an idea. I have an idea, okay, yeah, what if? What if we co host a what if we have bonus episodes on the podcast? Maybe this is polluting it too much, but he shows up live to these dealers and no, because then you lose exclusivity. It might be as simple as, hey, Brandon, we need content doing a show up every week to contribute and give back and and you're going to have an active audience, and we're going to have an we're going to, I don't even know, can we build him an audience without having the bottom pull out from under us?

Speaker 1  1:22:29
What would we I'm trying to understand the risk. What would we lose? Exactly?

Matthias Miller  1:22:42
Do? You want to have? Well, if it's all set up, if it's set up the right way,

Speaker 1  1:22:53
okay, I mean, there's always these things called NDAs, contracts, etc. What's this guy's name? If you don't mind me asking

Matthias Miller  1:23:00
Brian, brand here, shoot you Facebook link. Here's what I would do. I would I would say, Brandon, we want you to run these calls and in exchange, and we want to build this agency. And in exchange we want to we'll give you X percentage of like we'll give you 5% of all business that you generate, or something like that. Sounds good to me, and and you're our ambassador for this project. I

Speaker 1  1:23:48
I like it. Do you want to hit this guy up and see if he's game? I'm assuming that this is a person who loves to talk

Matthias Miller  1:23:57
yes and and the one clue that makes me think that he's a good guy for it is he made some kind of comment about how all the successful people are givers to start with, okay? And I think I mean, he likes to talk he likes to talk big. So classic, whatever, all right, and everything. But I think he would,

Speaker 1  1:24:25
hey, I'm on the phone. I'm actually on the phone, and yes, sorry about that.

Matthias Miller  1:24:32
No worries. And I don't know if he's the right guy, and I probably would want to, even before I reach out. Ping, ping, a couple folks who know him. See, see who I know. Who knows him? I have a good friend of mine who knows who he's been trying to recruit a good friend. Mine for a while

Matthias Miller  1:25:06
and get some kind of some kind of temperature check on the guy first. But yeah, I'm game, or I mean, to start moving that way

Matthias Miller  1:25:33
cool, well, you got to drop, and I should, I should keep moving as well. Anything else before we wrap, I

Matthias Miller  1:25:46
it lost you. I see you're muted. I'm gonna drop off. We'll catch you later. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai