Matthias Miller  00:02
all right, thank you for your document and your thoughts. and i think it's worth digging in even further into this, i think there are a few things to observe. Number one, in a very short amount of time I've gotten out of email, which we need to chalk up as a. It to I went back to look it up, and it took us less than a month. And most of it was you, none of it was me. I barely any of it was me, besides changing my fingers, and we've only had a handful of scheduling relapses, which I think is a huge win. And I think one of the things that this is one of, one of the things I like about this conversation is that it now provides context, because it feels like, to me, felt like there wasn't much that I was accomplishing or doing. But when you actually stop and take a look at it, there's a lot that we accomplished. Second of all, build down versus build up. Euro 100% right? I am playing the role of sales guy right now, which is building up. You are in the role of building down. I think everything that's going on here is perfectly healthy, perfectly good. I think, I think you are here because you are supposed to bring stability, and I am here because I am supposed to bring chaos and growth. and all this stuff. And I think. I think that's, it's all of that. Um,

Matthias Miller  01:52
I also think it's worth noting that the primary way I have of subverting dealing with kind of natural ADHD tendencies is to do things now in the immediate and create urgency to get things done. And it does give me a fair bit of calm and stability when I know that things are planned, and also when there's a feedback loop in place where I can see or I can see motion. And I know there's going to come a point at which I'm going to have to relinquish that as well. So, but until the system is built and the monitoring mechanisms are in place, I think maybe, maybe there needs to be. I don't, know I'm open to this. I'm open to what it needs to look like. I also think fundamentally, one of my biggest needs, unexpectedly came down to came down to the need for communication and needing transparency and And maybe it was actually less about, I mean I know it is less about the actual issues of the fact that there's been so much happening and we haven't had a chance to communicate about what actually is happening.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai