Matthias Miller  00:19
Howdy. Howdy. Gonna need unmute your microphones. You gotta get it up high enough. Oh, man, I

Unknown Speaker  00:43
Oh, that's what she said.

Matthias Miller  00:49
Burn up, you.

Speaker 1  01:00
It, oh, man, I'm gonna have to find a kind way to say to mark and drew. Can you, can you guys go into Mark's office and close the door so we don't have to listen to Gabe Yoder Yap on the phone every single time they that they were on a zoom call.

Matthias Miller  01:21
Do they have a mean don't they have a conference room and other stuff? Of course, they do. I just

Speaker 1  01:27
don't quite understand why they always sit there. It's like, in the middle of all the noisiness, and it's like, yeah, I

Matthias Miller  01:43
All right, well,

Unknown Speaker  01:52
let's do something productive.

Matthias Miller  01:55
Let's do I have a feeling Seth is going to get bombarded by me tomorrow, like that. No, we've got only stuff to design. We've got assist stuff to chase down. We got another client that's begging for stuff. Needy people. Man, needy people. It's called job security. It is called job security. Rather have it this way than the other way.

Speaker 1  02:28
Okay, it was not that long ago you were whining to me about not having enough work.

Matthias Miller  02:33
Yeah, I am. I am not. I am not careful what you wish for. Here's the deal. Well, you know, it takes here's, here's the very short philosophical devotional thought we should, we should be as dependent on God to manage the abundance as we are the famine. So that's the bottom line.

Unknown Speaker  03:06
Hmm, does it be thoughts? Yeah,

Speaker 1  03:26
I do, I do worry a bit. I feel like it's enlightening to be on some of these calls with Mark and Drew, because it's kind of like,

Unknown Speaker  03:40
it's kind of like classroom for things we should be thinking about. On the RTO side, yeah,

Speaker 1  03:51
particularly, there's an there's a number of these calls that take get taken up with chasing down credit card stuff. Is there? Is there a way to make that smoother, I

Matthias Miller  04:05
have a question for you. Okay, would you consider credit cards to be more accounting related or more inventory management related, threed builder related?

Speaker 1  04:24
For assist. Most of the credit card stuff that we have chased have been more on the accounting side.

Matthias Miller  04:35
Would you consider Josh to be better at knocking out inventory stuff at builders or haggling over accounting details to make things make sure things are out right.

Unknown Speaker  04:53
Josh doesn't haggle over accounting details.

Matthias Miller  04:56
I rest my case. It's. It.

Speaker 1  05:03
Well, okay, in Okay, okay, okay, okay.

Matthias Miller  05:08
We don't need to handle disputes. We don't need to figure out refunds. We don't need to, hey, you got your stuff mind it? It's great. It's a great it's a great ability. It's a great skill set. It just nobody's looking at it and saying we should probably think through this on a more granular detail.

Speaker 1  05:33
I mean, because, okay, here's why, here's why. I bring this up. Because somewhere between 60 and 70% of all transactions in RTO or credit card, yep, and so robust credit card evaluation, handling, refunds, disputes, blah, blah, blah, you name all the stuff that we run into we need to handle and handle it well, because Chase, chasing down in a chasing down a check, money order of cash just is not going to be what we're going to be Chasing it's going to be credit card stuff. Yeah. So there's the bar.

Matthias Miller  06:28
Well, I feel like part of the issue

Unknown Speaker  06:32
which hold on hold on hold on hold on by the way, I should go have this conversation with Ellis.

Speaker 1  06:42
You guys should, very quietly push to have insight, switch over to explore pay and you become a partner with explore pay and you reap the credit card sharing. As code crafters, that'd be nice, dude. That revenue stream for, okay, if you, if you guys, if you guys have clients out there that are using credit card processing that you have integrated onto the platform, and you're not chasing this revenue, dude, you're leaving a ton of money on the table.

Matthias Miller  07:35
Well, the other thing that I've talked to them about, but, but nobody else cares about, we don't really, we don't have anybody doing this type of volume by credit card. I don't think that I've talked to them about haven't been able again here is like, straight up. Why are we using this right? I know it's easy to integrate with, but

Speaker 1  07:58
anyway, I suspect it was no easier than doing explore pay, right? Or maybe I'm wrong.

Matthias Miller  08:05
Well maybe, I mean, it's just more easily accessible, it feels more universal.

Unknown Speaker  08:09
It's stripe does partnerships.

Matthias Miller  08:13
Well, that's fair.

Speaker 1  08:15
So I mean, like Matthias, I'm not kidding you, what I'm planning to I haven't Okay, for kicks and giggles, we're, since we're on this, since we're on this conversation, what I plan to charge for The software.

Speaker 1  08:39
Okay, you, you can't, you can't tell anybody this stuff, okay, because you

Matthias Miller  08:45
turn off the recording. Yes, please. Here, let's find this.

Matthias Miller  09:01
This one we have an answer for,

Matthias Miller  09:09
wow, I'm in the wrong system. No wonder I can't find it.

Unknown Speaker  09:21
Products,

Matthias Miller  09:29
so we have here, he's talking about this invoice number. Invoice number needs to be a string, because it becoming, no, it's not looking at Silver limb invoices. It's coming from. Who knows where you.

Matthias Miller  10:04
See how long until

Matthias Miller  10:11
I got myself a mechanical keyboard for fun. So cash collected, a clackity clackity. A clackity clackity. It's kind of fun.

Speaker 1  10:28
Go back. Go back to what's what invoice number are we referring to this guy? Oh, yeah.

Matthias Miller  10:41
Okay, so cash collected section, we've got rent collected from late contracts, dwf, late fees, other fees, buy back and what

Unknown Speaker  10:51
section is this precisely, show me cash

Matthias Miller  10:54
collected on the product section, a mini Profit Loss. Gotcha.

Unknown Speaker  11:09
Uh, hold on. A second. Let me go look something.

Unknown Speaker  11:20
I'm curious what RTO Pro has.

Speaker 1  12:20
Okay, rental income, other income, so, so basically, they have given us rental they give it as two fields, rental income and fees. Income would essentially be Damage Waiver fee. No, we don't want it. We don't want to reflect Damage Waiver fee on the building. Or do we? That's actually not a bad idea. Okay, if I was to break this down into categories, it would be I would actually put Damage Waiver fee on there, because that would be nice to know how much money I've collected on a per building basis. So rent, Damage Waiver fee.

Matthias Miller  12:59
Why would you just break down all fees individually? Okay?

Speaker 1  13:06
I mean, I'm fine with that. So basically calculation macros that just do that, like it's just, yeah, yeah. I

Matthias Miller  13:31
and then you also have,

Matthias Miller  13:40
okay, and then that's that's cash collected. Do you want to show expenses?

Speaker 1  13:46
I would be okay if we lumped late fees and other fees together and just call it fees, other fees. Now, if we wanted to break that apart, what would be the benefit to breaking that apart?

Matthias Miller  14:01
It's just more visibility, I don't know well. I

Speaker 1  14:06
mean, if you get into that conversation, then you should be itemizing every single thing that feels a little bit obnoxious. Unless, unless you would go, unless you would put, unless we would put many reports beside each one of these and and be like, Okay, I want to see all the rent itemized. I want to see all the damage. But if you optimize, I want to see all the fees itemized. No, no, no, that's stupid. The only one that would be interesting to do would be the fees one, or if you just put a report beside that, just that broke down the fees.

Matthias Miller  14:37
But isn't it more useful at that point to say, I want to search for all transactions by product, basically, which pulls in all the contract transactions and all the or like an income statement filter down to a product type of thing. I.

Matthias Miller  15:02
And if we're going to build a report anyway, why don't we just build the report, like, why put this in here, like this,

Unknown Speaker  15:09
and do basically a revenue breakdown report?

Matthias Miller  15:13
Yeah, and you could even, I mean, you could even do something with you could do revenue, and you could also tie out all bills that are linked to this, which would include,

Speaker 1  15:21
I'm not going to argue against that. That's basically itemize all revenue channels, itemize all expenses. And I cringe at putting some kind

Unknown Speaker  15:34
of total to it, but like, you can sum each each category. But do we want to do a grand, a grandson? Why wouldn't we

Matthias Miller  15:47
a mini income statement?

Speaker 1  15:51
The only thing that makes me a little bit nervous about calling it a mini income statement is that if you the moment you call it that, then it there's other implicate, there's like other mental implications that go into it, like breaking down all of the other expenses that are inside of an income statement. So I would, can we not call it a mini income statement?

Matthias Miller  16:11
I mean, we could just call it the cash we're totally talking well we get there's a few things we could do. We could look at straight up cash collected. I Right? And then you could also have an expense report that's the opposite side, that's bills that are tied to this.

Speaker 1  16:50
Unless, unless we okay. I don't know what to call the thing. I do really like the idea of we just we build a report that brings in all revenue, like itemizes all revenue with each category being summed, and itemize all expenses with the category being some with a grand sum at the bottom. You know, obviously revenue minus expenses. I just don't want to call like, I don't want to try to start associating and saying, This is a, this is a income statement for this building. Because if you're going to do that, then we really ought to go and figure out how to break other expenses inside the company and assign it to this building in some form or fashion.

Matthias Miller  17:28
Well, that's over. I mean, you sure like an overhead type of number, right? I mean, and, but this is also, keep in mind that this is not revenue, this is cash. And for some people that they don't care, but that's what this is.

Unknown Speaker  17:45
Is it called a cash statement? Well, it's a

Matthias Miller  18:00
cash

Speaker 1  18:08
Okay, I'm going to say this one. I'm going to say this one more time. And because as I'm thinking about this head, I don't want to ever lead someone to think that this is actually a financial report, like an accounting type level report, because it's not,

Matthias Miller  18:24
let's have two reports, cash collected and expenses.

Speaker 1  18:29
But let me separate them. I agree. It's just, what do we call it? So that we

Matthias Miller  18:33
don't we have two reports, cash collected, expenses.

Speaker 1  18:39
Oh, so you're saying, don't necessarily combine it into one, one report if

Matthias Miller  18:43
they need to. That's what calculators and AI is for

Speaker 1  18:51
you and I both know we put both of those there. Somebody's going to call me up very shortly after onboarding and go, can we make that one?

Matthias Miller  19:00
No, but we can build an income statement by building. And why wouldn't we?

Speaker 1  19:05
Okay, yeah, we say no, and we tell them that in the very near future, we're going to have income statements by

Matthias Miller  19:12
building, right? And that's a, that's a very simple, I say very simple. I mean, relatively simple thing to code.

Speaker 1  19:24
Yeah, it just, what I get a little bit nervous about is, okay, how much okay? If you say it's an income statement, by building our RTO company is going to have varying opinions on how that those numbers are reflected,

Matthias Miller  19:39
like, what it's, what? Whatever's in accounting that answers the question, and if that's wrong, then they need to go fix something like, no, it's, it is, it is you. I mean, you could have a note saying, if you really have to, that says,

Speaker 1  19:56
so would you roll up an overhead number? And basically, no, you would just. Day.

Matthias Miller  20:00
This does not include, this is, this is gross profit for the building, and does not include, this does not include overhead.

Unknown Speaker  20:20
I mean, I like it.

Matthias Miller  20:22
I mean, I would just make it clear and explain the limitations and like, Look, we're not looking to assign overhead to

Speaker 1  20:33
So basically, we can do a gross profit Income Statement per building. Ideally, you could do that on sets of buildings,

Matthias Miller  20:44
right, which I mean in a fancy world, you could do a comparison with percentages.

Speaker 1  20:49
Here's here's where this is going to go, Matthias. And because I've already had conversations like this with some RTO companies, I want to go look at that number, the gross profit number, on a per dealership basis. I want to go look at it on per salesman basis. I want to go look at it on a type of building basis, like I want to look at almost like it's it's endless at that point. Yeah.

Speaker 1  21:25
Oh, dude, that will be so much fun. You can run a gross profit margin on, on, on buildings, no no on, like, on this manufacturer, on this dealership, this on this sales person,

Matthias Miller  21:38
exactly on and that, that hunch you had about Johnny over there. Here's the data, dude, your guys stay like you guys. Well, I mean, there's other ways to get these reports. But did you hear there was a did you see are you? Are you in the Facebook caller or the shed hauler group, yeah, the fraud post last night. No, there's a guy stealing buildings. Oh, maybe I did see it and calling in and collecting some kind of kickback from it.

Unknown Speaker  22:18
Oh, my. Anyway, dude, do you realize, if you wanted to, if you do, you

Speaker 1  22:30
know how easy it would be to steal a bunch of buildings from manufacturers. It's insanely like, I'm a good person.

Matthias Miller  22:38
Dude, that list that I leaked, that that shed sweet leaked that would have been a perfect one to go do that with, oh my goodness. And you could have, you could have deployed people. You could have done revenue share with different people in different communities, different areas, hired some people. I That's insanity.

Matthias Miller  23:11
That is insanity. Okay.

Speaker 1  23:15
Did you want to make any notes about many income statements like we were just talking about, do you want to put that somewhere in future notes?

Matthias Miller  23:27
Sure, surely we've got something

Matthias Miller  23:36
go to market, probably like future, future, unscheduled.

Speaker 1  23:43
I do think if you and I spent enough time, we could figure out how to incorporate overhead into it.

Matthias Miller  23:49
Yeah, you I mean, you could look at unassigned, basically, expenses not assigned to any building or contract, right, and just divide it proportionate to the allocation. Is a question that probably you would allocate it based on, on revenue, yeah, percentages, yeah, exactly,

Speaker 1  24:07
which would be totally fun. But I mean that being said, like that gets that's a slippery slope, because, you know, as soon as you did that, then somebody's going to go, Well, yeah, but we want to go this way. We want to have it that way. We want to, you know, we want to look at it. Okay, fine, here's the gross revenue. Apply your your your overhead with a calculator. Mm.

Speaker 1  25:00
Or, man, I could go down rabbit holes.

Matthias Miller  25:06
Never mind this. We go down so many rentals. Future design. Okay, so I

Matthias Miller  25:19
don't know who put this in here, but

Unknown Speaker  25:21
We talked about this yesterday.

Matthias Miller  26:14
We're not doing this

Speaker 1  26:22
well. Today, finalized where, where we need. S3, contracts, judgment, I

Unknown Speaker  26:29
have a question.

Matthias Miller  26:38
When we create,

Matthias Miller  26:50
um, does do? Do your Where's the place you have attachments, buildings,

Unknown Speaker  26:56
sales, orders, buildings, both of them.

Unknown Speaker  27:12
Don't I think that's going to give you that gay you

Matthias Miller  27:17
building, building view. There we go. I wanted to see was in modification history, what user

Unknown Speaker  27:39
system you're

Matthias Miller  27:57
not quite used to your keyboard yet. I'm not.

Speaker 1  28:04
So why did you, why did you get a mechanical versus, like, the more flat Apple version

Matthias Miller  28:12
I have the flat Apple sitting here. I mean, you mean, I mean, I have friends who geeky, right, the writing friends who are like, if you haven't written on a mechanical keyboard, you haven't lived, and I should probably use it more for actual writing instead of like work. But I was like, I don't know, just like, go spend money on something useless. Mechanical keyboards are expensive. Yeah. I mean, this is like, I didn't go the expensive route. I went on a Cyber Monday, like, What's the best thing I can get for the money I want to spend kind of thing. But yes, you're right. I

Matthias Miller  29:07
I don't know how to do this. We could conceivably,

Matthias Miller  29:22
actually, I think we can, don't we have? Where do we have our uploads? In here,

Unknown Speaker  29:30
scroll down, upload driver's license on the right,

Matthias Miller  29:33
upload driver's license. There we go. Okay, so we have a,

Unknown Speaker  29:39
obviously, for it already.

Matthias Miller  29:42
We already. We have a test contact. I

Matthias Miller  29:52
think what we could do.

Matthias Miller  30:06
No, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe.

Matthias Miller  30:17
So we're going to do contacts. It's going to say, you know, this is where we would do it, loginfo, ask, level,

Unknown Speaker  30:32
description,

Matthias Miller  30:39
field and RG, name we expect the record ID.

Speaker 1  30:48
Side, side. Question, if we have attachments on the records that we won't have attachments on, can you can document archive be removed?

Unknown Speaker  31:12
Or do, because

Speaker 1  31:13
here's, here's what I'm a little bit afraid of, is I'm a we have, I know Josh did this in, in assist it. There's some stupidity to it, where if somebody uploads an attachment into the document archive, it moves it over into s3 the problem is sometimes when it's when that happens, he doesn't clear out some of the link that goes in the memo, and then it'll break the record. Doesn't want to write until you delete out that memo, right? So if we keep the document archive, I think we should have a process that moves whatever got dropped in there over to to s3 as long as we catch all of the fun stuff that you know in the memo, so that doesn't, doesn't break the record.

Matthias Miller  32:03
Yeah, what if there's a way to completely disable

Speaker 1  32:22
it? Because I don't want to have to pay for extra storage on on server. Yeah, agreed. While you dig on that, I'm going to answer Wayne's call. Yep.

Matthias Miller  36:15
I'm back. Okay. Do I'm checking something here. Just write quick experiment. I think it'd be fastest way to do this mode. That's what it's called.

Unknown Speaker  37:14
What'd you find?

Matthias Miller  37:17
Give me one minute. Oh, good.

Unknown Speaker  37:34
Modify, configure,

Matthias Miller  37:42
configure, me, maybe, or six figure.

Matthias Miller  38:08
It's not Oh, it is configure. I

Speaker 1  38:40
that your brother, yep. All right, it's like a whole Miller family code, coding, Mafia,

Matthias Miller  38:53
it is. And my oldest brother just does White Glove, concrete window well installation.

Unknown Speaker  39:04
Oh, yeah. So what's the Tell me. Tell me the order of brothers. Ellis.

Matthias Miller  39:08
Wes is the oldest. He does the window wells. And then it's Ellis, and then it's John Allen, and then, and you're the baby. Last best for last best.

Speaker 1  39:22
Ah, so all three of you guys are involved in code crafter stuff, and one brother says, like, Nope, I'm out.

Matthias Miller  39:32
Oh, it was he was, he was doing stuff before his gig out of high school was putting basements under houses, working for neighbors on

Speaker 1  39:39
top of basements. No basements under it. It's hard to put a basement under a house.

Matthias Miller  39:44
No, that's what they did. They would, they would jack up the house. Is already in. They go put a basement under Oh, yeah, it was only existing houses. That's all they did. So they jack up the house. Do you have the basement Jack? Do the other side? Do the other half the basement? And. Like that. That was it like that was their thing, whole business. Wow.

Speaker 1  40:10
That That. That always puzzles me, that people will do that kind of thing. I would never do something

Matthias Miller  40:16
like that. He said, one

Speaker 1  40:18
house, I'm the owner of a house. I want a basement. Okay, fine. Sell the house and go get a go build a house or buy another house that has a basement. No, I want a basement under this

Matthias Miller  40:27
house. Well, it substantially increases the value of the

Unknown Speaker  40:31
house. That's fair.

Matthias Miller  40:34
So the he said they were once doing it for a lady, and she came running out, just freaked out of her mind. She's like, I just saw a story on TV where they were doing this and the whole house dropped down a level. He's like, hold on, lady, here's how it works. I can tell you what we do and I can tell you what they didn't do. What we do is we do have a basement at a time, so this exact thing doesn't happen, and we jack it up and we take all these precautions. Gotcha.

Speaker 1  41:01
So they support half the house at one time. Yep,

Matthias Miller  41:04
and they didn't do that, and it got a little windy and and who knows what, but lost the level. Went the wrong way. Yeah, I don't know if there's any way.

Speaker 1  41:26
I would love to see the planning and engineering on supporting a house to the point where you get no cracking and drywall to you get no impact to the house like it literally doesn't know that you just yanked the dirt out

Matthias Miller  41:40
from underneath it. Pretty cool operation.

Speaker 1  41:44
I don't know. Man, you start digging out from underneath that house that would freak me out. I'm not going underneath that thing. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  42:07
okay. Well, this is here. Let me

Speaker 1  42:08
ask, let me ask one question before, before you sign off on that, is this smart to do, or is this done?

Matthias Miller  42:15
Well, I think it from a from a manager. Yeah, it's, it's smart to do. I mean, otherwise you're going to have people, well, people are going to get frustrated by dropping files in and it not working. So the alternative is doing a sweet process that replaces, pushes it into s3 and then replaces it with a link to the s3 or some other kind of link or something.

Speaker 1  42:41
But when you drop an image into a memo section

Matthias Miller  42:45
that doesn't embedded, embedded image goes straight into the database, and if it's not attached as a file, it's just embedded in line.

Speaker 1  42:53
So and that can that wouldn't be hindered in the event that you removed. Well, okay, no, no, no. Rephrase, so in the case of a note record. So because if we move this from the record itself, this and the note sections, this is not really a conversation from the record standpoint, it would be from the note record standpoint, you could still leave images, even though there wouldn't

Matthias Miller  43:10
be a document archive, yeah, you could leave a screenshot, but you couldn't attach an image. You'd have to drag it into the attachments to do it

Speaker 1  43:17
right, yeah, but Correct. Okay, that's the only concern. I don't I don't want to, I don't want to limit the thing where you can actually leave images, you know, in line.

Matthias Miller  43:30
Is there a way, can we just make sure that all new files default to being the standard staff, and if you don't want, if you're doing something super does that even mean? Okay, we have, we have permissions on attachments.

Unknown Speaker  43:49
Do we have that in assist?

Matthias Miller  43:51
No, we said we wanted to be able to make certain attachments only visible to Super Admin, only the same staff, or just to customers.

Speaker 1  43:57
Oh, this. This goes to things that you would put, potentially put on so they can manufacture a record, right? Gotcha. And so you're saying initially, we only do standard staff. No.

Matthias Miller  44:09
Well, any, any file that you upload gets put in a standard staff. And if you don't want that, you have to quick go change it to

Speaker 1  44:15
Super Admin, gotcha and eliminate the customer. No, you and or if you want

Matthias Miller  44:18
it available to customer, you have to go back to the record and turn it on for

Unknown Speaker  44:22
the customer. Oh, what's the question?

Matthias Miller  44:29
Is that? Fine? If I upload, okay, we have a we have an HR issue. I upload the attachment to your contact. So this would be a selection on the RG row, yes, after you upload.

Speaker 1  44:41
And so hypothetically, if you change to super admin, you can't standard staff. Can't go change it back to standard

Matthias Miller  44:49
staff, well, they can't see it, right? Gotcha got in front of that? But there's, there's a one minute window where, if somebody's you. Watching, they can grab it. That's what I'm saying.

Speaker 1  45:05
What is it? If it's available to if you say, this is this image, or this, this, this document, is available customer that means they can see it on the customer portal. And that means anybody on the system can see it correct no matter what. Basically, you're at the lowest permission level possible at that point.

Matthias Miller  45:23
Well, I would assume standard staff can see everything anyway, but it's the same, like, if you're super admin, you can see you can see these. If you're standard staff, you can see these. If you're a customer,

Speaker 1  45:34
you can see so in the future, when we say standard staff, and we start making deeper rules, is that, is it, will that be a checkbox as part of of the role? Whether you can see standard staff as three attachments? I guess

Matthias Miller  45:51
I don't know how we want to handle that. I mean, I don't know what roles we want.

Speaker 1  45:55
No, I know that. But I'm just saying from this, if I say yes to this, that doesn't limit, us. It for No, the future. Okay, fine. No.

Matthias Miller  46:11
The other option is making so that anytime an admin uploads something, it's a little more work, but anytime an admin uploads something, it's automatically Super Admin until they lower permissions. No.

Speaker 1  46:24
Make it intentional. Everything, everything comes in as standard staff, if you want to upgrade it, then, then you have to intentionally do so. Do

Speaker 1  47:11
what's the, let's, what's the, what's the header to the to the column going to be called visibility.

Matthias Miller  47:21
Maybe so what you want

Speaker 1  47:25
to call it? I'm just curious in that permissions, no permissions, is a little bit deceptive. I think visibility would be the right would be the right call for it. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  47:45
Um, what does the commission's report need to look like? What does the who commissions report

Speaker 1  47:57
this would be on the resale of a repo. Is that right? Presumably, what commission are we talking about?

Matthias Miller  48:05
I don't know. We just said it needs to go somewhere. And I said, Yes, sir, how high do you want me to jump?

Unknown Speaker  48:16
Can we punt this one? Because

Matthias Miller  48:18
probably if I mean, where to spring.

Speaker 1  48:24
And let's, let's label it resell commissions. I think that's what we're talking about. So I'm a little bit nervous about that, but I'm assuming it's resale commissions. I would probably call it sales rep slash dealer slash sales rep resale commissions.

Unknown Speaker  48:51
That makes it a little bit more understandable.

Matthias Miller  48:55
All right now we handled this. All.

Matthias Miller  49:07
Right now for the fun stuff, you get to choose, where do you want to go today, entry, closure or same as cash.

Speaker 1  49:18
What time are we booked to 11 or 1245, so we've got, like, 20 minutes, right? We got 20 minutes.

Matthias Miller  49:27
I mean, I can technically go longer if you really want to, but

Speaker 1  49:30
no, I don't want to go longer. In fact, I'm tempted. I'm tempted to just tell you to stop here and we'll pick this up this afternoon, just because I have, I have a call at one that I should spend a little bit of time thinking about, okay, let's do it so our next so we're meeting again. You and me. Two good, very good, very good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai