Speaker 1  05:53
Mr. Tim how's it going? They're going all right. Good.

Unknown Speaker  06:03
Let's see here. I was a phone call with FB.

Speaker 1  06:07
Good, good. They went by quickly, there's still plenty to talk about I think but I made some made some progress. Justin also showed us a a portal for another scholarship organization that has some features that they like. So, anyway, got it? Yep. Yeah, I think it's moving along.

Speaker 2  06:35
How's Jonathan? How's it working out to work with Jonathan on that stuff?

Speaker 1  06:41
Pretty well, I think he and I had a call two weeks ago and then I was on this call with him two days. That's about all the the interaction we've had together on it. But But yeah, he seems to be wrapping his head around stuff pretty well. And I was special our Yeah, mainly on the first call, was giving him some tips on on design press process and whatnot. Yeah, I think I think it's going pretty well. Great. Good.

Unknown Speaker  07:16
Okay, well, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  07:21
So jump in wherever you want to.

Speaker 1  07:26
All right. Um, just so I have an idea of timeframe here. What, what's the time the time block for the call? Team?

Speaker 2  07:37
So he will call me and it'll just be now when? He said 11 His time? Actually. So wait, did you block out two hours or an hour and a half this time?

Unknown Speaker  07:53
An hour and a half.

Speaker 2  07:54
Okay. So he's actually kind of call me at the end in an hour and 20 minutes, so. Okay. And so I guess you can decide whether it's helpful for you to be there or not. But I could also probably just take it. I mean, it's mostly just status update stuff. So.

Speaker 1  08:13
Okay, sure. We can, I guess we can see how far we get in the next next hour, hour and a half and whatnot. So. Okay. Sounds good. So just a few miscellaneous things to start off here.

Speaker 1  08:39
There was a few things to follow up on.

Speaker 1  08:55
This is an old email conversation that's waiting on, Josh.

Speaker 1  09:06
Talking about organizations Yeah, old versus new contacts. And we've started talking about switching the demo system. To yes, this was back in January, right. And then it got let's see got dropped until he said let's revisit after emails coded. And then, yeah, you bumped it to Josh and that was back in September. I bumped it three weeks ago.

Unknown Speaker  09:47
Yeah, just a second. Let me just put it on my

Speaker 3  09:51
let me find the email figure out where I went. So this is organization check box.

Unknown Speaker  10:29
Oh just a second Erica

Speaker 3  10:40
Okay, let me drag it over to Josh's folder then ask me again in a week okay respond by them

Unknown Speaker  10:52
I will

Unknown Speaker  11:07
at

Unknown Speaker  11:29
okay, and then oh yes, the Ben had reached out to Justin asking about about Rosewood communicating with him as far as client stories or whatever it was they want to

Speaker 1  11:52
do you want to connect them with Lucy and or Vivian as well right

Speaker 1  12:05
I'm not sure what all is going on there but I just I know they've had a longer running relationship especially Vivian sung our praises so

Unknown Speaker  12:17
and she I mean, she's not with

Speaker 2  12:25
you What do I think? Do we have her contact information? We have to get that because she's not with faith builders anymore?

Unknown Speaker  12:52
She's not okay. No, she's

Speaker 2  12:56
I mean, it wouldn't be a bad thing to consider. But I don't know. Maybe not this time? I don't know. And Lucy is fine. Although I kind of feel like Justin is has probably more experience working with us. I mean, Lucy has more history. I'm curious how you find although maybe on the other hand is she might be Justin's probably closer to the really sharp client that we haven't loosened maybe closer to the door I mean, some of our other clients so

Speaker 1  13:32
yeah, that's good point. And yeah, just had the recent work with with Jonathan and Nick and Seth and whatnot and you so he has had a lot more exposure to a lot more recently.

Speaker 2  13:49
I mean, kind of feel like Lucy has been more of an assistant to both Vivian and to Justin. So my head for once or twice she was joined the call with Justin but anymore, it's just I just work with Justin directly about everything.

Unknown Speaker  14:08
So yeah.

Speaker 1  14:11
Hope makes sense. Cool. So are they are they getting like testimonials or AI? Or what kinds of stuff or you don't even know what they're?

Speaker 2  14:27
I think they're mostly trying to understand. Did you see the list of questions or not? It's in the email? I think.

Unknown Speaker  14:36
So yeah.

Unknown Speaker  14:40
Unless I didn't forward that email

Speaker 1  14:49
it wasn't an email that Benson but okay. But it's just a few of our clients to hear more about their experience with code crafters. So I see yeah

Speaker 2  15:00
there was another one who was asking for that what was the who was okay so if I search for rosewood and ban I might find okay Trent I can parry

Speaker 2  15:21
key ways you feel craft is already connecting so it's more of connection with the playing community ways you feel crafters connecting serving the playing community well, what are painting some pain points you as a client have experienced? And what can crafters change to solve those identify common roadblocks or hesitations you as a client had to overcome to make a final purchase decision ideas you'd have from your experience regards to new ways contractors can gain more client confidence in the market space so it's kind of more marketing focus. And in some ways might even be more questions for Steve although I kind of hesitate to bother Steve so

Speaker 1  16:04
yeah. Cool. Sounds like could be some really insightful

Unknown Speaker  16:09
Yeah, it'll be interesting to see what comes out

Speaker 1  16:11
of it cool. All right. And then the other thing here was I don't know if you saw Brian machinery replied here his reply this morning with a few questions I didn't see that I've

Speaker 2  16:36
just a second I've got cut over next week so I'm pretending to care about everything outside of cutover

Unknown Speaker  16:45
just a second here

Speaker 1  16:49
I told him I replied just saying that I'll plant a pool in Matthias and RELLIS and Jordan given yeah

Speaker 3  17:06
with our auction software we use auction flax

Speaker 2  17:13
oh they catalog by barcode or image and export builds your catalog.

Unknown Speaker  18:04
Auction catalogs

Unknown Speaker  18:27
I mean short of

Speaker 2  18:42
I think these are questions from Matthias let's start with that. He did the high level design so, and particularly I think he's got he's got the project in his in his head better than I do. As far as what the

Unknown Speaker  19:01
what the implications are so?

Speaker 2  19:05
And I not really sure about Yeah, I'd say let's ask Matthias that's a short answer. Oh, right.

Speaker 1  19:21
Okay, and did you have anything from your side that you wanted to? To discuss or cover emails you wanted to catch up on?

Speaker 2  19:33
Well, I mean, we could catch up on emails. I've got 70 unread and 200 my inbox so we could do that but I also don't mind I dive into stuff you want to do your preference which we tackle.

Speaker 1  19:47
Um, maybe we can tackle some DGA phase three questions since we're trying to knock that design out this week. Sure. And I'm not sure You're off hand how many questions we have there, but at least work on that. And then whatever time, let's only have a few at this point, but we'll see where we end up rolling with it. Yeah, be great then to go. Okay, good. Lose emails. All right. So then I want to meet out today. We didn't get to work on it together this morning, but I was working on it some of myself. So a few things to look at. First off as far as assignee and shadow assignee. On the on the master schedule or on the schedule report, it's going to be very much like it currently is where it shows up for both the the shadow assignee and the domain assignee. So that's you got you see here, then the shadow, I'm the main assignee. So we'd be doing that. Still continuing with the behavior word, the shadow assignee schedule is not affected by this. So. So he's the shadow. It just shows up wherever where it needs to be.

Unknown Speaker  21:22
And so we would double book him then.

Speaker 1  21:25
Yes. Okay. Yeah. We had talked with the client about that he had initially wanted to allow it to affect the schedule. Right? That's where it would get would get really complex? If. Yeah, if we go to all of that.

Unknown Speaker  21:46
Yeah, that does make things a whole lot simpler.

Speaker 1  21:49
So we're just yeah, we're just keeping it that that. However, then we are looking at situations. Okay, so since our schedule report, our new schedule report only shows parent jobs and not child jobs. The idea is, the idea is that that if a someone is assignee or shadow assignee on a child job, they would show the parent job on the schedule for them instead of a child. Okay. Are you that?

Speaker 2  22:33
Yeah, I mean, if so, now, when it's positive now, what if they are an assignee on a child the primary assignee on a child job.

Unknown Speaker  22:43
Will it show so so? So

Speaker 2  22:53
one row for the assignee for the non child incident one row for the shadow assigned. So do we look at the for the non child incident one row, displaying the child's assignees Chatto each child was an assignee other than the parents assignee.

Speaker 2  23:19
Oh, wait, so if so, so let's say you've got a project. And there are there's a child job that's assigned to Matthias. Another one to Joel will will in their categories, will it show the child jobs title or the parent job title?

Speaker 1  23:40
My thought at this point is that it would show the parent job title because we're only showing parent jobs on the record. We'd have reworked some of that if we want to show the child job

Speaker 2  23:53
so it would show the parent job title but then it would show out that just how many hours does it show and and when does it get scheduled? Do we just kind of fuzz about the schedules

Speaker 1  24:11
I think in that key is C see here

Speaker 1  24:27
there was someplace where he had said that incident

Speaker 1  24:48
I'm not sure where it is somewhere he had said that. That basically it would still the parent the whole project would be the responsibility of the main assignee. Sure. So I guess, yeah, because the more the further this branch is out, the more complex it gets. So I guess maybe what we could do is just say that the main assignee on all child jobs just defaults to the the assignee for the parent. And that you can read only so you can only set shadow assignees. For a child, I

Speaker 2  25:27
don't know. I mean, suppose it's a tractor that's need a lot of work, but also needs air conditioning work. You know, Frank does is a mechanic, but he's not doesn't do air conditioning? Don't you want the air conditioning piece assigned to the AC guy?

Unknown Speaker  25:53
Probably so,

Speaker 2  25:54
how was it using child jobs? Do you know? They aren't

Speaker 1  25:58
using jobs? And I know of, okay. Because it was the way like, from the time it was designed to the time that that they were anyway, they made product changes in their workflows and whatnot.

Unknown Speaker  26:13
So how are they planning to use it? Do we know that?

Speaker 1  26:18
So they would, they would assign the, we would assign the parent job, to the main tech, and then in general, all of the child jobs would be assigned to the main tech as well, sure. But in the whole project would be the responsibility of the main tech. But then he could pull in other people to help them. Now, since they're not using it, some of these things are to be determined, I guess how they're into the patient is, but but I would expect I guess from the angle I've been looking at is that they would just, it would all be on the on the main tech shoulders. And anything else that comes in is just basically somebody coming in to give an extra hand and not affecting their their actual schedule. That's less complex, but it doesn't reflect reality as well. And then yes, if there are certain pieces of the job that get farmed off to other guys, I again, ideally, in with reality, you're going to want the child job to show up on your schedule. So you can click on that, and well, one affecting your schedule so that there's timelines for it, and two, so that you can click on the job as assigned to you instead of clicking on the parent job and then need to go find your, your child. Yeah,

Speaker 2  27:49
yeah. So So why can't we say

Unknown Speaker  27:54
that?

Unknown Speaker  28:01
I mean, the scheduling part does get more complex.

Unknown Speaker  28:06
But

Speaker 2  28:12
we're only doing one level children for them, right? Yes. Okay. So so if you're an assigned What do I think? I mean, is the schedule thing where they figure out what they're doing next? Or is that somewhere else?

Speaker 1  28:37
schedule report a more or less and then they would open up a job from there and assign it to somebody and and whatnot.

Speaker 1  29:07
What if we would, I don't interrupt your thoughts. So go ahead. What if we would say that the the scatter report can show child incidents, but it only shows a child incident if the assignee? Yes. Is different from the parent assignee?

Speaker 2  29:27
I think that's right. I, I just convinced that that's right. The only thing I would add to that then too, is is well the only question with that then is well, how we report out how we report and calculate ours. So And so given like the example the AC guy so we're planning to spend eight hours fixing the AC And we've got another 32 hours on the rest of the vehicle. How do we, I mean, presumably, you don't want two people crawling around on the same machine on this at the same time, or you may not want that. But that's where it just becomes a little bit fuzzy unless we get very complex on the details. I mean, we could, we could add scheduling notes, I mean, that's one thing we could potentially do is just have a schedule notes thing where you can say, you know, after making repairs or something, so it show up but you could at least have a really simple scheduled Notes field that would give some feedback on it

Unknown Speaker  30:45
and

Speaker 2  30:55
you and I keep it pretty short. The other schedule notes I'm not I don't want to wrap in there but just having be able to put in a few notes I bet would be helpful.

Speaker 1  31:15
And that would be for your thing that would we would not affect calculations basically would not affect calculations it's

Unknown Speaker  31:23
just a way to glance the reports Oh, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  31:28
So

Speaker 2  31:30
or it might be something as simple as waiting on part x or something

Unknown Speaker  31:38
so

Speaker 2  31:42
and maybe they've got a feel. I mean, maybe that's the current status text fees that we have today. I don't know.

Speaker 2  31:56
Now, as far as not affecting calculations I'm with me talking about the schedule notes don't affect calculations. What were you talking about?

Unknown Speaker  32:07
Um, I was I was talking about the that the child job would not have a separate ever target start date? I direction, start date, etc.

Speaker 2  32:24
I'm fine with his so today we don't we don't allow a target start date on children.

Speaker 1  32:35
Right. Target start the target start date is only visible for scheduled and non child incidents. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  32:50
I mean, I'm fine with that I need to make a

Speaker 1  32:52
start date. Projected start date and projected finish D are calculated on the parent incident and then displayed read only on the child incident. Okay, sure, sure. It dumbs it down. But it simplifies it. So you're, you're not saying this child starts here? This child starts here. But we're here. Yeah.

Speaker 2  33:20
I mean, that's reasonable. The only question I have is, is how much do we care about if someone takes a child has a child job, how it affects his schedule?

Unknown Speaker  33:35
And yeah.

Speaker 1  33:42
Well, it basically would, it would show up in his schedule under the same with the same start date as the main assignees main project.

Speaker 2  33:52
So will it block out? So well, we block out eight hours on his schedule and then 32 hours on the other guy schedule on the main guy schedule.

Unknown Speaker  34:06
Like for 40 hour job? Yeah.

Speaker 2  34:10
It's reasonable, but then we just need to make sure that when we're figuring figuring out the finish date, it would be it's a combination of the two.

Speaker 1  34:20
Right well firstly, the he just the client has brought in a new date that he wants in there a projected finalization D which is that date, were we add the eight hours for every 40 hours of project work. Yeah. And he was willing to replace the projected finish date column on the report showed at the finalization date so everyone would have the same project predicted finalization date

Speaker 2  34:57
Okay, so let me just say status carefully. In the we block out we say that the projected finalization date is okay. It's a 40 hour job. So we we act and we got up Monday morning. So we in our minds, we think we're going to be done with it Friday night but we the finalization date is actually the next Monday.

Unknown Speaker  35:27
Right. And

Speaker 2  35:31
and, Mike, the mechanic has has it blocking out Monday through Thursday on his calendar because he's only has 32 hours. And Aaron, the AC guy has a blocking out only Monday on his calendar because he's got eight hours. So we have the next item. Wait, though, do we start the next item after the finalization date or not?

Speaker 1  35:59
No, the next item is based on the projected finish date.

Speaker 2  36:04
Okay, so So then Aaron starts his next item on Tuesday morning. And

Unknown Speaker  36:12
and

Speaker 2  36:16
Mike starts his next item on Friday morning. That sounds about right.

Speaker 1  36:25
That's how this would work. That's how it would work out. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  36:29
Yeah, boys. You know what?

Speaker 2  36:35
I don't know if we can actually pull this off. If we'd had the design done. Do you know how badly I'd wish that Nick would code this for us in in January, instead of sending this mesh? Yeah, this is complex stuff. I mean, or Nick and Jonathan together, potentially. I don't know for sure what Jonathan and Jonathan schedule is. So anyway, let's keep working on design. But this is pretty complex. I mean, it's possible that I could define the macros and make it clear enough on how the macros work, and just really, more, or smash it out with them to where we're or jolla washing it with or something, but if this is, this is too hard for for fun with ash, I think. Uh, huh.

Unknown Speaker  37:31
Okay, okay. So then

Speaker 2  37:38
should you go ahead and just give an example of the of the mean, kind of that AC example as a word here?

Speaker 1  37:48
Yeah, that would be that would be good. I'll plan to do there. We do have some stuff down here. Have an example of like the projected hours or the finalization date versus the short date, but I'll also make a note here.

Speaker 1  38:35
Okay, because yeah, I'm trying to give some examples. And even we can come down to this a little bit. But for calculations, I'm trying to give some initial overviews of how the calculations should work. So that Yeah, so we can pick that up and be shuffling documentation there. So for the scatter report showing child incidents, it would only show child incidents if the assignee is different from the parent jobs assignee, right? What are your thoughts on child I'm sorry, on Shadow assignees for child incidents. So if

Speaker 2  39:13
I would do the exact same thing I would I would list the the, I would just show the shadow jobs if if you're only a child on a shadow. So I mean, we, the one thing we might want to have the schedule report somehow show you this is part of the this is on the Parent Project. I don't know how you want to do that. Because I mean, at the very least just having a parent ID column that when sometimes be specified. So you can click so that it gives you some hint on it. If you want to. If you'd have room to show a little bit more text, you could show actually show the title of the parent job up because that would start giving you clues that the scheduling may not be what it's actually shows

Unknown Speaker  40:14
Yeah, like that?

Unknown Speaker  41:06
Okay, are you still?

Speaker 2  41:10
I 100% Yeah, I'm okay. And I don't care what the skirt is the incident status or I mean, I don't mind just using the status field. But I just I think that's gonna be that'll be my kind of like just using the status summary Yeah. Because it'll just, there's just gonna be 100 ways in which you'll see I mean you'll you'll add a note ah, you know, waiting on this or whatever. And then just, you know waiting on part or, or part coming Wednesday or

Unknown Speaker  41:47
yeah sure

Speaker 2  42:04
and eventually we might do more fancy fancier feet of fancy are fielding, but just notes won't get well by us a lot, I think. Okay.

Speaker 1  42:20
Sounds good. And this question was talking about some editable columns on the report. So, I haven't when we were thinking that it would just be the parent incidents, I want to just think through how this would work for child incidents. But

Unknown Speaker  42:46
I think this can actually don't need this. Basically, this will just be it'll only be editable for for the for the incident of whole incident that it applies to so like,

Speaker 1  43:11
title, your parent or child can be edited their machine on site is only a parent.

Unknown Speaker  43:20
And that'll happen automatically.

Speaker 1  43:25
Will it simply not be not the editable?

Speaker 2  43:31
Yeah, it'll be displayed and not be editable unless there's a reason you don't want it displayed

Unknown Speaker  43:43
okay.

Speaker 1  43:55
Yeah, sounds good. Um Let me just make a note here.

Unknown Speaker  44:22
Okay.

Speaker 1  44:26
And then are you fine with the idea of replacing a projected finish date with the projected finalization date on the report? Sure. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 2  44:39
I mean, we might end up creating kind of a debug report or something that shows you all the calculations and helps you understand how it's actually doing it. But yeah, that sounds fine. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  44:49
I'll just make a quick note about that.

Unknown Speaker  44:55
I'll be back in a minute.

Unknown Speaker  44:57
Yep, I need to drop for a bathroom break here. So I'll be back to

Unknown Speaker  47:24
right

Speaker 1  47:33
all right, this was actually the question about adding the finalization date instead of the projected finish date whether it's no they're showing the less accurate number on the report or less accurate date on report but

Speaker 2  47:53
I think I'm fine with it I we may actually even wanted to have a calculations linked directly on the report they can click Undo to see what it is but

Unknown Speaker  48:05
yeah sure.

Unknown Speaker  48:17
Okay

Speaker 1  48:36
okay, then the next thing here is with looking at calculations and just want to, I don't know, is this something that how should we go about calculations I've been putting together how I see it working how I think it should work. I was doing this on my own today when Ben was out so sure, surely could be gaps and things that I'm missing and whatnot. I'd also like to see hear from CCI how it currently works. What do you see as being the best best approach? Should I just leave it like this? Make sure everybody's good with it, or should we dig into more than nitty gritties of how the calculation should work? Here in?

Speaker 2  49:34
Design I think you start with this and then when we're doing pricing, I might propose a summarization or something but

Unknown Speaker  50:12
yeah

Speaker 2  50:24
I wonder okay no projected start date

Speaker 2  50:39
are We are people going to sit up well are we hiding the projected finish date so much that it doesn't really matter or people starting going to start getting confused between finished and finalization date? I mean I like the finalization it's a nice term and it's but I'm just wondering is finished soon as I mean do we need to somehow clarify that so that they don't get confused between the two

Speaker 1  51:08
do we call it calculated finished date instead of projected finish?

Speaker 2  51:12
Yeah, yeah. Or calculate yeah calculated finish date is not bad estimate it might be another word or

Speaker 2  51:40
will NC there are actually there will likely end up with two kinds of finish dates one is for for the employee and the other one is for the for the project

Unknown Speaker  51:56
but calculate it's pretty good

Unknown Speaker  52:07
so we got the projected path projected

Unknown Speaker  52:18
start date the estimated hours

Unknown Speaker  52:26
now I suppose the other one way to do it is to

Speaker 3  52:37
Yeah, calculated finish date is.

Speaker 2  53:09
Do you like do you like calculated better than estimated finish date?

Unknown Speaker  53:15
I think so.

Speaker 2  53:17
Because they're not estimating it I think it's probably fine just dropping the word projected helps

Speaker 2  53:34
Yeah, well how much will it even be shown anywhere? Is it on the detail screen?

Unknown Speaker  53:40
is on the detail screen? Yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  53:48
And on the detail screen, it would be for the entire project right

Speaker 1  53:56
yes, because we are doing we're saying that we're calculating calculating it on the the parent incident and then displaying it read only want to be on the child incident. Sure.

Speaker 2  54:25
Does that sound fair? That I mean, I haven't even thought this through yeesh let me see if I can think this through. We for if you're on a child incident, we will not be trying that hard to put this thing on the right spot.

Unknown Speaker  54:48
So

Speaker 2  54:52
so so let's say the AC guy is booked out 10 weeks, and we're starting on this tractor next week. We'll go ahead and scheduled him in for next week, right?

Speaker 1  55:03
Yes. Because because the sorting, the sorting is now happening based on the new target start date. Yeah. So whenever the whenever the target start date is set or whatever it is set to on the parent, then that affects when it where it appears on the on the scheduling.

Speaker 3  55:25
That really helps a lot. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  55:30
Now, it's not like that, that target start date, you know, you might have 240 hour projects with the same target start date. So then your schedule, your scheduling logic is actually based off of the projected start date. Sure. I mean, well, in a way it's based off of well, your first job is based off the target start date, essentially. And then from there, you're based off of the projected start date the.

Speaker 2  56:24
So do is so so what what are they do they get projected? And if they don't have a target start date or don't they?

Speaker 1  56:31
The target start date is required. is visible and required if the scheduled checkbox is checked. Okay.

Speaker 2  56:43
So are they are they kind of are they basically looking at the at the scheduling and report and say, oh, let's target this one for x. Is that what's happening?

Unknown Speaker  56:56
Yeah, I think so. Sure.

Speaker 2  57:21
You also have an assigned a finish date. That is, I mean, for a parent job. I think you always have an assignee finish date for a parent job it's on. I mean, we think this through

Speaker 2  57:47
we actually do the it is on the parent incident. And because

Speaker 2  58:02
it's on the parent incident because if the AC guy has two different parts on this track two sub jobs in the chart tracker each one day, then we will say I guess on the parent incident is his the assignee finish date. Do you have it on the parent incident? Or do you do it on the individual children? You say oh, you're planning will will your projected start this one here and ended on your projected to do this one on Monday. I'm projected to do this one on Tuesday.

Unknown Speaker  58:41
Maybe you too.

Speaker 2  58:46
What is the tiebreaker? If you've got multiple target start date matching target start dates. Hey Ben.

Speaker 1  59:00
Good to see you sir. You too. We are sorting by first by target start date then by remaining estimated hours. And then by title.

Unknown Speaker  59:20
Do child incidents have any order?

Speaker 3  59:27
Shortly they do they sorted by projected finish date.

Unknown Speaker  59:39
But how do we decide what order to project them in?

Speaker 1  59:43
Right. Well, I think the child incidents on the report would keep the same. No, no. But

Speaker 2  59:51
just when I drill into a parent project, what do we have some kind of order for the child incidents and can I control that order?

Unknown Speaker  59:58
Huh? I think it'd be whatever the

Unknown Speaker  1:00:04
creation order

Unknown Speaker  1:00:07
I think I think it's probably by

Speaker 2  1:00:17
the way one of those child and then click into the parent you can do that.

Speaker 1  1:00:21
I thought it was clicking on one with the parent child Okay, so here it's invert yeah it's reverse sorted by I guess by ID that's weird let me see what happens if I add another one that's

Unknown Speaker  1:00:48
where they're at

Unknown Speaker  1:01:21
yeah that is yeah it put it down at the bottom it looks like the most recent as at the top that's probably the logic they're

Speaker 2  1:01:41
gonna show me the expression on that click on the Show expression should make us fresh on that field. It just anywhere there we go. Live substitute related incidents IDs

Speaker 2  1:02:05
click on OK copy the related incident IDs macro or sure that that one they're going Expression Editor

Unknown Speaker  1:02:18
expression evaluator pasted an Alt G into it.

Speaker 2  1:02:25
Yeah, now click on the related incident IDs I'll check into that. Yep, right there. Yep. Click on incident full hierarchy and handle CI into that. That one you don't have to highlight you can just hold G

Speaker 3  1:02:49
including SIP planks. Reverse pipe list incident parents and grandparents

Speaker 3  1:03:00
list expand in stitch it's in the excellent all chained to the incident child IDs.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:09
Their mindset.

Speaker 2  1:03:31
looks it looks semi random. I mean, it looks like it's doing reverse ID. I'm not sure I don't think it was intentional. So I mean, tell me I'm wrong. I just can't imagine that long term. They're going to be happy without being able to control sort order. try refreshing the detail screen that's did something wonky there with the layout

Unknown Speaker  1:04:02
here we go. Okay, so.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:14
Testing

Speaker 2  1:04:19
Yeah, I'll have to look into I mean, it's it's an accident that it's doing this. It's not intentional, I don't think how much do you all use the incidence over N? Z ca cch?

Speaker 1  1:04:34
We haven't used them a lot. But we like I am starting to use them some. Like for example, when there's time tracked on an incident that we want to include with another incident. Or, yeah, some things that we haven't incorporated a lot into our regular workflow, but

Speaker 2  1:04:54
see what we do if we do an external project. I mean, clients got we sorted First by status done versus done versus not done. And by priority, and then I think we use title for tiebreaker.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:14
And

Speaker 2  1:05:16
now, we, we also have a rank field though, where you can actually order them if you want to. So, but we give, we also give you a report where you can actually see them

Speaker 2  1:05:40
so, there's there's a rank within parent basically rank within parent field. And we don't have any ranking fields right now do we don't think? I don't think so. No, I don't think so.

Speaker 2  1:06:04
He's gonna want to defer. I mean, tell me I'm wrong. But I mean, don't you think that random order of child is not that pleasant isn't?

Speaker 1  1:06:14
No, not random order? I mean, if it were, if it were ordered by ID or something like that, I think of the Okay. I'd Yeah, but I don't know.

Speaker 2  1:06:27
I mean, at the very least we could, we could flip it around to be although. Yeah, I mean, we could going in creation order would be the least that we could do.

Speaker 1  1:06:43
Well, you know what, we are also adding this new child job details section. Only visible for the parents, you can't see siblings from a child. But there we were. There we were sorting by ID and title. Okay, so with the highest of the a tab, which is what this is showing currently even.

Speaker 2  1:07:09
That's why we're doing that though. Why not? The lowest idea at the top?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:19
I'm not sure I

Unknown Speaker  1:07:22
do you think we just took it from what we did already? What we have already?

Speaker 1  1:07:25
If it's possible, I mean, we just didn't think through the short implication of that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:07:42
And but here, we could, we could allow this to be done removed up and down here. And then this related incident section becomes really not very useful for a parent incident at least.

Speaker 2  1:08:09
Buttons to insert a pan remove rows. So removing would just disconnect them.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:18
There aren't any. Oh,

Speaker 2  1:08:20
I see. Sir. I see. No buttons, right? I'm

Speaker 3  1:08:28
sure. Yep. Yep, fair.

Speaker 2  1:08:49
Well, I think I would just, I mean, if you're comfortable with the lowest ID on top, then and then it really it's not sorted by ID and title sorted by ID. If you're comfortable with that, then I think we just change it to do it that way. And then sometimes somebody will pay us to do something better. But it's not unreasonable to say the child child incidents are displayed the order they're created. I mean, it's just pretty logical. Now, the other way to do it, that would be just about better, maybe I mean, would give them easy control with P two. I don't know if I believe in it. I was gonna say to do it, just alphabetically by title. And then they can always do name these things 12345 If they want to. And

Unknown Speaker  1:09:54
I mean, that would be really simple.

Speaker 2  1:10:04
And then there's I mean, then it's just as simple as, you know, editing titles and it just works. Right?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:17
Do you have thoughts?

Speaker 1  1:10:21
That's very simple. They, I mean, it has its downfalls to where then you have to. If you don't, yeah, and then you have to set the sort order. If you don't,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:32
yeah, it forces you to do it.

Speaker 2  1:10:40
I mean, I suppose the other way to do it is to have clients can choose Do you want to go in creation order? Or? Or do you want to go in? Joe, do you want to go by title order? And when we discuss and then some that time, we could add a, you know, we'd add support for order overrides. But that'd be the both would be the default order. But

Speaker 2  1:11:22
But let's start just by going by ID order and then we can move when the first client complaint complaints we can consider other options.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:53
Needed incidents for?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:12
Just do any order creation? Oh, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:12:25
I think we'll just probably do alphabetical order. And then it's going to give you a mild y2k problem. And and it'll, it'll give you Yeah, no, it will. No, it won't. Because the first No, it won't. Because right now, yes, it let me think that through. It will, it will. If we do this, if or we could make it smarter, although I might shrug and say most people don't have 10,000 incidents. So it doesn't matter. For for code house, it will. If you've got one ID that's under 9000. All the ones that are 9000 will come after the ones from 10,000 on up. But I think at that point, I kind of shrug and say it's not that big a deal. We don't have to fix it right there. And in the problem will kind of disappear because as soon as all of them are above 10,000 It starts working again.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:25
Yeah, so I just

Unknown Speaker  1:13:27
don't I don't think it's a deal breaker. So good. I like this. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:38
Okay, so we'll plan to do that

Speaker 1  1:13:46
how do we get there? It's a question. Any What else should we be finishing up here? Um

Unknown Speaker  1:14:08
will be so

Speaker 2  1:14:11
yeah, here's where one of this thing came up. So if two people or two jobs have the projected start date for a given client, did you say that we go by the smaller job we put the smaller job first? Or what was

Unknown Speaker  1:14:26
the schedule?

Unknown Speaker  1:14:28
Yeah, it will. It's good. Yeah, the schedule calculations.

Speaker 1  1:14:36
The schedule report itself, which the schedule report itself is sorted by first target start date. And then reasonably have we might need to reconsider. Why don't you say go ahead. Yeah, this is what we had, but we might get rethink it. Because you're,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:03
it's fine people

Unknown Speaker  1:15:04
on this one. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:07
Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:15:10
Start date and then by realistically, how are the scheduling calculations working?

Speaker 2  1:15:24
I mean, today they control the order and that we're getting away from that. So I think I'm going to propose that just to keep it really simple. We go target start date. And then we just asked him, Do you if two jobs are the same? I kind of feel like you do the smaller job first a few jobs have the same target start date. And and then if you have, if you still have a tie, then you just go by incident ID or incident ID.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:59
So this is this is not in the this is not so much in the report, although may have

Speaker 2  1:16:08
once you start working on the job, you may not exactly follow the report. I'm trying to figure out if you'll actually follow the report. Or maybe you want to so the calculations make more sense. But I think what we do is we have essentially have an order of

Unknown Speaker  1:16:34
well, maybe you do I mean

Speaker 2  1:16:42
yeah, yeah. And then I'm going to say that you have a tiebreaker after that have of incident ID if you want to.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:11
So what that will do is

Speaker 2  1:17:20
you have to enter your target date, we know exactly what order the jobs are coming through, for

Speaker 2  1:17:32
for each person, and then a lot of the calculations will go back to we have today, we say, Okay, how many we have hours remaining. And then we use the calculations kind of like we have today to say, Okay, this job is going to spill from here to here. And we think it will be ending on on this date. That's the projected end date, and then we add the extra days.

Speaker 2  1:18:18
But we do need to block out. For any one person schedule, we do need to block out the hours that they have on

Unknown Speaker  1:18:34
child jobs.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:39
You mean where they're the same?

Speaker 2  1:18:41
Yeah, whether the assignee on a child job where they aren't on the parent. Again, it would be it'd be sorted by project start date Well, I guess for them I would probably the estimated hours that are displayed

Speaker 2  1:19:19
do you use the for the for the sub for these child jobs? Do we care about where they show up? I mean, are they sorted by their own estimate or by the parent jobs estimate? Right

Speaker 1  1:19:51
I think Robin six one half dozen or the other.

Speaker 2  1:19:54
I think it's easy. I think it's easier for me if the if it's by their own estimate. Um And because in essence because they're standing alone they stand alone here so and if you're not the parent then each of the child pieces will be done independently as if they weren't their own little project I mean almost independently except then their hours get lumped back to the to the parent job for the parents complete projected end

Speaker 1  1:20:41
is this the the estimated hours field on on any yeah yeah when I answer

Speaker 2  1:20:46
Yep. And I'll add the ID on the incident as well. Yep. Right

Unknown Speaker  1:21:04
Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:21:05
so I think what happens okay let me turn off my blur temporarily and see if I can

Speaker 2  1:21:20
and I don't know if you'll be able to see this but sometimes I can just think better when I am when I am writing

Speaker 2  1:21:40
sorry I can't take your call right now. Even though I should okay oops this way there we go. I have a oh that's right I've got a I have a digital whiteboard here

Unknown Speaker  1:22:08
okay there we go. So,

Speaker 2  1:22:15
you have a parent project and you have a child project

Speaker 2  1:22:35
and so this is for Mike the mechanic this is for Aaron the AC guy and he's got two different projects then you have and each of these are dis are displayable on the these these three are okay are all independently displayable on the parent report and this one may be a parent with you know multiple children inside and these are actually children of this one but for calculations purposes they show up separately and then the then I think you have you have your something like a job did you call it employee or something else? Job boy. estimated hours

Speaker 2  1:23:58
and I kind of wish see this is the project here. These are really projects but they are equivalent to a project because we're splitting them out separately. The I wish I'd have a name for that. This

Speaker 1  1:24:20
Well, I've been I've been kind of using the term project the site to define the whole Yeah. Right. To describe child jobs describe the child incident

Unknown Speaker  1:24:36
you use what are your cutting out use one

Speaker 1  1:24:45
project or the whole projects to define the whole family. And then I don't have a good term other than child for a child incident but yeah, but Jesus is an individual.

Speaker 2  1:24:56
Okay, so what if we talk about the If I'd call it a scheduled jobs so this this is the Parent Project, which is a scheduled job, the child pieces are not scheduled jobs if they have the same assignee, but they have different assignees, those are independent scheduled jobs. We can we can we talk about scheduled jobs because they show up jobs that show up on the schedule? Right. But that's pretty good, isn't it? Yeah, I think so. So scheduled jobs, you have the employee estimated hours, that's here. And then you're going to add, you're going to add you know, the child scheduled hours. And you're going to add the padding

Unknown Speaker  1:25:55
I think it's going to work, I think it's going to work.

Speaker 2  1:26:09
So scheduled jobs are sorted by their target start date, plus their estimated hours. And and then their ID. So I think we want to introduce the term of a scheduled job that and we define it as it is typically a non child or a parent appropriate parent job. But it can also be any one a child job where the assignee is different than the parent.

Speaker 2  1:26:50
The shadow, I'm going to say the shadow items are we also show shadow jobs on the parent report. But we don't treat them as scheduled jobs because they don't affect the scheduling in any way. Right.

Speaker 2  1:27:13
So I mean, in some ways, I almost feel like maybe don't spend too much time creating verbiage around around the scheduling logic, because I think I'd like to define an algorithm and let you I mean, kind of terse bulleted notes. And let you turn that into more verbiage if you want to. Because I'd like to, with with algorithms, I try to get it as simple as possible, and then give explanations as needed. Because that just it helps, it helps make sure that we get the algorithm right if we can define it as simply as possible. So anyway, how does that sound to you?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:02
I think that's yeah,

Speaker 2  1:28:05
now if you want to we could the other thing we could do is on our Thursday session or something, you know if we probably have other things to work on, but we could also take that session and and try to hammer it out. Or Ben could grab a slot tomorrow from me or something. And he and I work on it. But I think this schedule jobs talking about scheduled jobs. And so we can talk about scheduled jobs and shadow jobs. And the scheduling report shows both scheduled jobs and shadow jobs and we will see how the scheduled jobs are either the are typically project jobs and but then sometimes they are old they are the they are the the child jobs with different assignees.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:25
How does that sound to you?

Speaker 1  1:29:30
I think I think I'm liking that. Yeah. Great. Sure.

Speaker 2  1:29:37
Ben and I try to work on that tomorrow or do you or shouldn't work on it Thursday, or do you have a preference?

Speaker 1  1:29:44
Um, if you guys have done work on it tomorrow, then then that that'd be fine. I mean, I would enjoy being in on it. But we've got plenty of other things to show us to get limited time. Yeah. Okay, yeah. If that works, then I would see, let's do that.

Speaker 2  1:30:03
I think it will, I think it will. Great. I'll take a screen. I'll take a picture of this stuff. Got it, and then we go from there. So. Okay, good. Well, I think that might take us where we want to go. So

Unknown Speaker  1:30:29
Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:33
Good. Anything else on here, then we need to talk through

Speaker 1  1:30:37
one thing, one more thing, I guess I should drop off here. And but we have, we do have two different sets of scheduling logic. Just an extent. One is for active projects that are assigned to attack and are in these three stages. Okay. And the other one is for ones that have the chat scheduled checkbox checked, but don't aren't assigned yet. So they're in the work schedule stage, or do they have a target date? Yeah, yeah. Okay. Sure. I thought, well, some of it's the same, but some of it's a little different. Because here you're looking at for the the work schedule, you're looking at the Daily shop hours, when I'm putting a post together in settings. Where whereas in for active projects or whatever you want to call them. There, you're looking at the employees, shop, schedule override, and weekly shop schedule. Okay, so that's a note that you can you can consider tomorrow.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:49
The Oh, do you have another call right now?

Unknown Speaker  1:31:54
No, not not right now.

Speaker 2  1:31:56
So just one really quick question. One really quick question there though, is what do we do with things that are booked out for a person do we start using had you talked about that? Do you do you subtract off do you subtract from the shop schedule commitments that we have from various people? So we say we've

Speaker 1  1:32:23
got mean like their vacations or something like that? No, well,

Speaker 2  1:32:27
maybe that too but we have you know, a month of work lined out for for band so do we every day say well we've got 100 shop hours but we need to subtract out the reality that we we we've booked out eight hours have been already on the scan the active jobs

Unknown Speaker  1:32:56
I think the answer is yes just off the cuff we had talked about do we want to do they want to

Speaker 1  1:33:08
basically do this do higher low precision yeah on this and likes the idea of higher precision

Speaker 2  1:33:18
higher precision then why do we have shop hours instead of just using individuals actual time? I thought I thought the higher precision was using the kind of doing round robin with jobs with

Speaker 1  1:33:35
Oh, like the Phantom assignee thing. Yeah, yeah. Yes. Um which I guess how would that I guess we would have to think through there was he's not getting enough our viewers currently to be able to do that. So that's why he was wanting

Speaker 2  1:33:59
Oh, no, not the fan. No, not the Phantom assignee. Basically. It's as if I'm, well, not that kind of phantom assignee. It's as if someone was intelligently assigning these two employees, even though they're not assigned to employees yet. So we put the jobs all in the order that I mean, all in the in their target order. And then we just go, we just say, okay, and we figured out what people have commitments to. And then we just start going through the list and say, Okay, we're gonna give this job to Bob, and we give it to Bob. And then we go the next job to, you know, Frank and give it to Frank, etc. So it's, it's actually projected assignments or something. Right. And that's what makes so that we don't that a 40 hour job doesn't get done in one day.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:55
Right. Exactly. Yeah, so that's that's here there's actually a to do em here asking what what spec we need for that. So

Speaker 2  1:35:15
that the gates the the need to put shop hours on the app hosting settings record,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:21
okay

Speaker 2  1:35:36
good Well, I'll let you drop and Ben and I will try to put something together see if we can get something that's doable and then go from there.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:46
Okay

Speaker 1  1:35:54
Okay, sounds good. Okeydoke and yeah, we'll plan to touch base on whatever. Sounds great. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai