Matthias Miller  00:01
I think what I'd really like to get done in the next 60 days is,

Matthias Miller  00:12
oh, there's two things. I mean, one is we kind of have this, this team building workshop style thing. But we're

Matthias Miller  00:20
kind of positioning as a

Speaker 1  00:23
kind of that live in the moment, kind of kind of experience that in itself could be a good fit.

Speaker 1  00:30
And so continuing to pursue that, I think, is, is significant. And

Speaker 2  00:36
what what is that does it have to be developed, what is your role in that.

Speaker 1  00:41
So at this point, we've, I mean, it's I my role, I wrote this, I wrote a sales letter for it. And, and basically, I helped with enough brainstorming to get, you know, mailing list or whatever, like, whatever, we actually need to get something happening with it. And we just hand it off. So Heidi doing doing a lot of the actual, the actual fulfillment and the actual work on getting it out there. So at this point, it's, there's really not much that I need to do on that, besides obviously, getting feedback on how well it's working, whether we're getting any responses and those kinds of things. So that part's working well, so that in that feels like a win, like, we're moving in the right direction on that. Um, the other thing that I would really like to see is, is, even if it's a somewhat of a band aid solution, as in maybe, I mean,

Speaker 1  01:31
I don't know, I don't know what what point will be able to, to replace the revenue

Unknown Speaker  01:37
that revenue, but where

Speaker 1  01:40
we have a manageable plan in place for the programming side of things,

Speaker 1  01:47
whether that's transferring to a different team, whether it's

Speaker 1  01:53
working more closely with, with somebody who is Yeah, who cuckoos a good compliment

Unknown Speaker  02:06
going,

Unknown Speaker  02:07
what's holding you back from doing that right now.

Speaker 1  02:11
So the initial hesitation has, has been around, there's

Speaker 1  02:16
some of this is just, I don't know, um,

Unknown Speaker  02:23
I think a lot of it up till now has been,

Speaker 1  02:27
I've, I've gotten beaten down and labeled enough that it's kind of hard to, it's,

Speaker 1  02:37
it's been kind of diff, it's, it's been emotionally challenging for me to actually ask for what I need,

Unknown Speaker  02:44
I've always been that guy who's who's

Unknown Speaker  02:47
non committal and

Speaker 1  02:52
my boss described me once is Moody, which, you know, maybe well earned. I don't know.

Speaker 1  03:01
And because of that, it's, I've kind of felt that separation from like, the core team, one of the things that my fact find your brother helps me with was identifying all the places where I have contributed, I have, I really have contributed deeply, to some, some of the core foundational pieces, the work that I do, does tend to last for a long time,

Unknown Speaker  03:24
but my,

Speaker 1  03:28
my inability to find a good fit or whatever has kind of contributed to what feels like kind of this tension between we really like the work that you do, but you're also kind of this unmanageable individual,

Unknown Speaker  03:43
those are

Speaker 2  03:43
creative people, I used to be an HR VP of HR, I would do that all the time, it's like, this guy is just the best in technology. But, you know, he is just hard to work with, and that's probably not you. But, um, I think was the, you know, what I mean, here to maybe with businesses that, you know,

Speaker 2  04:04
maybe a lot of the self value, and I'm not making a, you know, I'm not a therapist, but maybe wrapped up in the programming that you are doing, but internally, your funding with you, really, you, you really want to do the brainstorming, you want to get on with, you know, other things. So, letting go of that, you know, finding someone, maybe you and I know that resources are an issue, but maybe you start creating, or maybe you have them training for somebody to come in part time and do some of that. And I don't know if that's what it's doing. But taking over a little bit by bit, and, and starting, you know, the more you focus on what you get satisfaction out of doing, like, when you get really excited about, you know, maybe putting out this new workshop, you know, and you came up with the sales letter, and you brainstorm about what it looks like, you know, that initial, the more that you spend time doing things like that, then you will be worried about the, the worth of programming because you're going to be pregnant, you're going to be building the business.

Speaker 2  05:19
Yeah. And, and so that's the piece where you, you know, you almost have to take the leap of faith is, am I going to commit to that or not,

Unknown Speaker  05:29
because otherwise it's going to be, you know,

Speaker 2  05:33
you keep running on the same treadmill. Now, as far as Colby goes, you know, that,

Speaker 2  05:38
again, goes back to that pyramid is when you're hitting all cylinders. That's where you are in that green zone.

Speaker 2  05:46
And those are the activities that you need to spend your time on. And programming

Speaker 2  05:54
isn't unless it's in the beginning isn't really going to fulfill that. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  05:59
yeah.

Speaker 2  06:01
So as long as you keep doing that, you're not going to be fulfilled. I mean, you can do it, but it's really going to suck the life out of you. Yeah.

Speaker 2  06:11
So know it, but you know, where your energy is, and you know, what you have to do. And, yeah, there's times when you know, what you have to do, you know, you may have to work down here and this down at the bottom, because that's just what has to get done. But the more and more you move to your to this using your brainstorming and you know, doing things I mean, you could do things at the last minute, that's probably your you'd like to do that. I'm that way too. And that's a lot of Chris starters. I know, I should planning in, but unless I'm just like, the day before, I won't do it.

Speaker 1  06:47
Yeah. Well, I mean, one of the major things for me has been, I've quit feeling guilty about that. Yeah, so that's helped.

Speaker 2  06:57
Yeah, and that's called me and you don't feel guilty? That's your sir. natural state. It's just what what you're wired to do. It's not a good or bad.

Speaker 2  07:07
So what else? What else do you do want to dive into here?

Unknown Speaker  07:11
I'm

Unknown Speaker  07:13
good. I can.

Speaker 1  07:17
I think it's good. One of the questions that I had to was how do you identify between so when you're hitting hitting a roadblock, or you're kind of wearing out or not getting done, what you need to be done, you're not being productive? How do you identify whether it's you can deal fairly quickly when it's when it's cognitive, when you just don't know what you need to

Unknown Speaker  07:39
do?

Speaker 1  07:40
Yeah, have you identify what between when it's effective, and when it's it's a kind of kind of block or misfit?

Speaker 2  07:47
Well, your ass active is going to, you know, obviously, effect I mean, when you find yourself, you know, thinking to yourself, I really don't want to do this, or don't have the energy that's, that's when that's taken over. And what what you need to do is, you know, at that point, you are, you know, you're, you're, you're tapped out. So you go out and you go for a run or you watch mindless TV. You know, you do things where your your mind can regenerate itself. That's when you knew, you know, I mean, I know when I'm you know, late, late in the afternoon, I'll come home. And like in the evening, I don't do my best work in the evening. I'm more of a morning person. So even though I pushed through some of it, it's like, I really shouldn't do that. You know, my stuff. My I can't.

Speaker 1  08:38
So can you explain a little bit more what happens when I mean, what's really happening inside my my head or inside me when I hit those box where I just want to read 10 different books are going to my list bike ride, or I don't know, YouTube binge or whatever, like, what's.

Speaker 2  08:59
So what's happened is that one, you are not, you know, you're not working well. A couple things could be that you are you're you're working down here, you know, you are you're doing things where you think and in your effect and cognitive. It's like, I want to do this, you know, I'm working on a problem. But I really, you know, I should be doing this this way. For example, I should be planning out my day, but I don't really work that well, you know, and so, so I do so, okay, I plan out my day. And I'm working, I'm working. But I'm just feeling like, I am tapped out. And I need to go out and just have a run and you know, not think about things or, you know, you just have to regenerate that now, when you're How is it when you're like

Speaker 2  09:53
Tell me about the time where you have been so jazzed and you've been working on something, it could be work, it could be something else tell me about

Speaker 1  10:00
Sir, I can think of a few different situations that one of them was was new project development, we had a tight deadline. It was like a, it was a major new feature that we were developing, we had about a month. And we had a

Speaker 1  10:13
client user forum that they wanted to demo the feature at. And I knew exactly what I needed to do. And it was it was just a race

Speaker 1  10:24
against the clock. And actually the day before, one of the deadlines or something that wasn't coming together. I went for, for a jog and got this idea of that completely, that dramatically simplified the whole thing and fixed the problem that I was dealing with men fixed it that night. And it I mean, everything worked. Like that's, that was a time in the, in the zone. Another time is,

Speaker 1  10:48
I can think of recently a conversation that I had with somebody around kind of team building HR them telling their story about

Speaker 1  10:57
I mean, it's, it's kind of this fascinating nightmare story of everything that you should not do their experience of that

Speaker 1  11:08
and getting into the middle of those kinds of conversations. I can't exactly I don't, I don't know exactly how to describe when, when it is or when not. But there there's some of those kinds of conversations that absolutely completely suck me and, and really jazz jazz me

Unknown Speaker  11:23
and, and why you think that is because

Unknown Speaker  11:38
I'm going to stimulating new thought. It's, it's,

Speaker 1  11:42
it's not bounded to a specific, there's no specific outcome that we're trying to create. There's,

Speaker 1  11:51
there's and I don't know like it's, it's

Speaker 2  11:57
cuz you're spending all your time if you'd like looking at where we're just looking at the

Speaker 2  12:05
bar in here. Because again, you're spending You know, when you talk about

Speaker 2  12:12
you when you're Jasmine in the zone, because this is where you are. And if you look up here, this is your driving factor. You're so high in your improv, improv improvisation. You know, you love that you thrive on the changes you thrive on last minute doing things, you know, deadlines to you is like racing, the clock is exciting. And so the more of those elements that you can put in there, that's where you're working on yourself. You know, so compare when you're having that feeling when you were talking about the the first example when you were working with that, you know, that deadline and where, you know, and then when you went out, you know, to kind of create wind Something came up. That's, that's good, that's great, you know, compared to slogging through something where you're programming, you know, you know, those are the two feelings. That's your basic instinct. One is where you're working at, you're hitting on all cylinders. And the second one is where you're just fighting against your natural instinct.

Unknown Speaker  13:17
No,

Speaker 1  13:19
have you found a way I have tried creating artificial deadlines and I've yet to be successful? Another quick starts you have successfully done that, or is that

Unknown Speaker  13:33
um,

Speaker 2  13:35
well, I mean, the tools that you use is, I guess, you know, in a leadership position, you have to use your team to say, this is a deadline, you know, for example, answers and this is I need this by such and such a date and you know, and if you don't get it done mythos, me, what happens is, is you're letting down your team. Right, exactly. So they're not, you know,

Speaker 2  14:03
they're kind of not fake deadlines. They're like, commitments to those.

Speaker 1  14:07
Yeah, and I just realized that there's yet another thing that I need to that I really need to take responsibility on.

Speaker 2  14:19
And then he a New Years of teammates and howdy to help him become a good leader.

Speaker 2  14:27
I mean, we do that we have a weekly meeting. And, and, you know, with Tim, I don't, did you meet 10,

Speaker 1  14:33
I've never, I never met him. I've seen him and know who he is. But

Speaker 2  14:37
I mean, it's so typical for entrepreneurs is you get so wrapped up and things and it's like, well, you know, everybody else's hitting their goals, entrepreneurs, the one going well, I'm not getting this done, you know, and, and as a team, I mean, we're hard. We're like, Look, you know, that's not okay. And you're not setting the example. And this is what we need you to do. We're not, you know, it's not a judgment, it's just, let's figure out a way that will help you do that. Yeah, it's all about that. So if we know that you'd like to work at the last minute, then what I would do is I would create, you know, a very specific deadline. And when it was getting closer to that deadline, I come up team with us and say, Where are you on this? What can I do to help you out? You know, this is what I need.

Unknown Speaker  15:21
Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  15:26
that's, that's good. That's good. That's helpful. So what is it about the conversations though, like,

Unknown Speaker  15:35
I mean,

Speaker 1  15:37
difference between dynamic and non dynamic conversations. For me, that's

Speaker 2  15:46
with you, when you're initiating or with somebody else in somebody else's, like

Speaker 1  15:52
me, and somebody else. So, so

Speaker 2  16:00
well, if you're initiating conversation, and you know, that, you know, as a quick start, and you know, that you're like me, you know, that you want, you know, you want things to be simplified, you don't want all that detail. And you understand about, you know, systems and putting things in systems. I mean, when you're sometimes when you're talking, I mean, just like I said, you know, when I'm talking to people sometimes to say,

Speaker 2  16:26
here's what I want, I just, I just need a summary. I know you've done all your research, I trust and what you've what you've got here, but just give me the headlines, you know, and I appreciate what you've done there. So you're crafting your their, what you how you want a person to react, say someone like in who, you know, they thrive on that that's like, but you don't want a disk. So understand what your needs are, and say, Here's, this is about me and I just to communicate effectively, this is what I'm looking for. You know, I appreciate. I know, I know, you love this stuff. And I think that's great. Yeah, so you're using those kind of tools. I mean, Kobe helps. but not always, you don't always have a Colby situation. But in you know, sometimes you have to catch yourself. I mean, I know like, I get impatient with my eyes. I'm like, Oh, my God. And I just got to think in my head is okay, just let it go. Just take a breath and get through it. You know. So it's all about it's, it's about building your complimentary team. But it's also about knowing, you know, knowing about yourself, and you've taken such a huge step on that, and how you can manage that.

Speaker 1  17:40
Yeah, and I think that's a good point. And I know for myself, I haven't done well, asking for what I need.

Speaker 1  17:49
And typically, that seems, I guess, historically viewed, that is selfish. And I know it's not, but

Speaker 1  17:57
I think it's something to continue growing in education, indicating what I need. And then also, obviously, also giving other people what they need at the same time. But

Unknown Speaker  18:07
that's really good.

Speaker 2  18:08
Yeah, I mean, not not are doing it yourself has two ways is like, you know, you don't want to burden other people. And then there's the Well, I can just do a quick and myself, which is the Quick Start again, So figure out tools to use that do a loom video on how to do something, and then give it to you and Heidi, so that they can learn from it that way you're teaching, but it's a short, you're using your creative skills to do something really valuable.

Speaker 1  18:36
Yeah, and again, we do a fair bit of that. And there's a lot of, again, random texts and emails and like, please put this somewhere where I can find it, or you can find it and like, those kinds of things that happen. So I feel like, again, on that end, we're doing we're doing fairly well,

Speaker 1  18:55
it's think that the challenge continues being how do we how do we, we'll just continue building other business where

Unknown Speaker  19:03
they also have a team of developers that

Unknown Speaker  19:07
on these projects, and,

Unknown Speaker  19:10
and so

Speaker 1  19:14
I am confident we'll get to the point where we're all I'll be able to continue, hopefully spend 90% of my time in that space, or whatever, it whatever it's going to be, but

Speaker 1  19:26
it's it's still kind of, in this in between space to, to manage to make changes to make that as manageable as possible.

Speaker 2  19:32
Right. Right. So working on a solution to do that.

Unknown Speaker  19:36
Yeah,

Speaker 2  19:39
sorry, anything in the things that we should cover you want to cover in the last couple minutes? So yes,

Unknown Speaker  19:49
yeah. And something I'll say

Unknown Speaker  19:52
from Matthias is that he's done very well at

Speaker 2  19:57
implementing this, recognizing his strengths and our strengths and trying to maximize that I think it's just a matter of time, which of course, for an innovator time isn't your your friend, you want to get it done now or yesterday, but I think we're on the right track. But we've only been at the actual team for the last six months and then Matthias and Heidi for probably a year like six months before that or something like that. But I think the momentum is really building it's just a matter of continuing to build that and keeping each of the teammates team members in their sweet spots

Speaker 2  20:39
and really have to applaud applaud all of you for you know my thoughts as a leader to have you know, strike and saying this is where I can improve and this is I want to be a good leader for my team and I think that's really one of the big big

Speaker 2  20:57
really great qualities of a great leader and something that's missing in corporate I know when I was in corporate and leaving you know you didn't see that a lot so

Unknown Speaker  21:06
pat yourself on the back but

Speaker 2  21:12
I hope that I've provided you with some some answers and you know if you have any other you want to just shoot me an email or something else I'll be glad to talk to you and you know be interested in how you're doing

Speaker 1  21:27
yeah sounds good now this is this has been definitely been very helpful and I think we've got some good ideas to some things that the changes and perspective changes so

Unknown Speaker  21:37
yeah appreciate

Speaker 2  21:39
well as great spending time with you and wish you all the best of luck and I never did Canyon city but maybe one of these days are with

Speaker 1  21:47
you I'm actually going to be to be up in Loveland this this weekend. I'm taking a solitary weekend to kind of recharge and just getting away a little bit, so

Unknown Speaker  21:57
that's great. That's what you need. It's,

Speaker 1  21:58
it's that's what I need right now. If you ever if you ever in the area understand

Speaker 2  22:03
like, Yeah, all right, you guys have a great afternoon and we will talk you know, touch base.

Unknown Speaker  22:09
Yep, you bet. Take

Unknown Speaker  22:10
care. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai