Speaker 1  00:01
Alright, so I'm shooting this from my living room. So it's not my usual studio shot. And if you see a halo, it's probably just the light there that you can see, it's probably not actually a real Halo. Maybe that's your nose. But I wanted to talk to you about an idea of something that I've been working in putting together

Speaker 1  00:21
so many challenges me recently with the question of how much I'm pointing out to other people's lives. And realize that, you know, throughout the years I've had I've been mentoring people off and on and, and there's always this call to do more, I believe that the weather we've been given, the more

Speaker 1  00:38
that the under the more responsibility we have with what we've been given. And I realized that I've got dead spots in my week that I'm not doing anything with and are not doing anything productive with and I wanted to turn those from a drain into a game. And I wanted to use those times to specifically pour into other people's lives, I've been really fortunate to be mentored and, and get advice and hang around some really incredible people. Most of the time, I wasn't fortunate enough to be able to do that in person, sometimes what I want sometimes in a group, sometimes virtually. But then certainly there have been times where I've been face to face with, with some just some game game changing individuals, and not everybody's had the opportunity to do that, to do that. And I know for myself, when you're going through a challenge, how empowering it is to get around somebody who, who can chew on provide you some insight or some other direction, or just point to something, something that you may be missed.

Speaker 1  01:46
So I want to I want to start pouring out into other people's lives. And it doesn't have to be some kind of something profound. Sometimes as entrepreneurs, we just get lonely, or it's just tough. And we just need somebody to talk to somebody who understands us, where's the leaders, leadership can be really lonely sometimes. And so honestly, if it doesn't have to be, you know, life is interconnected. And so if you're not doing well, personally, you're not going to do well in your business for your leadership, and vice versa. It affects your physical health, your spiritual well being, or emotional well being all of that. So I understand all those things are connected. Now, there might be some things you're wondering, well, are there specific things that you might provide the most value from, and I'll just tell you this, some of the places where I've, where I have the most, I guess, the most innate

Speaker 2  02:38
skill or the most developed skill, and I've, I've, I've taken fairly extensive deep dives into marketing and understanding the power of persuasion and how to get your message across in a way that resonates with people. I have a background in software engineering, so I'm able to, to organize concepts and take abstract thoughts, and hopefully, I'm told, explain them in ways that makes sense for, for many people to actually put them into practice.

Unknown Speaker  03:05
I understand

Speaker 2  03:07
and, and have studied a lot of those things of how do you what are the stages of a business? How do you systematized and scale a business

Speaker 2  03:18
and, you know, including things like how do you identify interesting markets to get get into

Unknown Speaker  03:27
what are the potential pitfalls with some of those things. So

Speaker 2  03:30
some of the game changing things for myself, personally, have been centered around understanding who I am what's unique to me,

Speaker 2  03:39
it's it's been around eliminating kind of obstacles and mental mental blocks and kind of the self sabotage and, and so many people make that so weird and ethereal and I don't know what, but it's extremely practical for me. So

Unknown Speaker  03:54
it makes it makes big difference.

Speaker 2  03:58
I'm sure there's more. There's a lot of stuff I don't think about until we're in the middle of a conversation.

Speaker 2  04:03
One of the reasons why I want to do this too, is is because quite honestly, in those moments where we're live in the moment, we're having this conversation, like right now, I just like this thought just popped in my head, like, this is how I work. I don't pre meditate this stuff. And don't get these inspirations beforehand, I get that in the moment. And that's really how I work. And so there's stuff that I pull out of my hat, when I'm like talking with somebody, I'm like, oh, by the way, like, I never I haven't been thinking about this. But I just remember this thing that over here that I think could be really helpful for you to take a look at, to consider. So that's the kind of stuff that happens. And I want to create that on a phone call for people. But more than anything else, I want to give give back when I went to encourage other people, I want to build other people up, I want to raise up other mentors and leaders and entrepreneurs.

Speaker 2  04:48
So that's it, say here, here's how it works. Every week, we're going to open up time slots, and most weeks, at least not going to promise every week. But most weeks, we're going to open up 30 minute time slot. So we'll be able to get on the phone and talk and it's possible to be on the road, I might drop out. If I do, I'll call you right back. But it's this

Unknown Speaker  05:09
and we can just chat

Unknown Speaker  05:11
just like I would friends. Because I do this with my friends.

Unknown Speaker  05:15
And you can ask, we can talk about whatever you want. You want to talk about whatever cell phone

Speaker 2  05:20
anytime you want to get out. You You just unsubscribe from the notifications and drop out

Speaker 2  05:28
if you want to get on the waitlist where if you want to schedule immediately, you can click the link and you just go schedule it right away. No problem. And like, if you're like me, you can have like to get the show on the road and be like, let's look at something else I wanted to talk about is that you don't have to feel bad about booking multiple ones in a row. And here's what I found. We all go through cycles in business. And sometimes things are going extremely well. And we know exactly what we need to be doing. And we're just cranking out work, drinking at work drinking at work. And then we get to this point where we kind of hit a wall and we freak we don't know what to do next. And we kind of have

Speaker 2  06:03
my friends and I call it an existential crisis. And we just got to have somebody to talk through things through and we got to do that for a couple weeks or however long it takes. And then we're good for a while. And it feels like these things go in spurts. So I'm not limiting it to saying you have to take turns are only you know, you can't have multiple weeks in a row. Not at all. I think I think for many of you guys, you'll not needed for a while, then all of a sudden, you'll be it. I really need this. And so my goal is that you you stay subscribed long enough so that in those good times, just hopefully it won't, it won't wear you down. But in those in those bad times. When you really need help. We really need somebody to reach out to encourage you to reach out and get help get the help that you need. I might not be able to help you. I might not have the answer. But I can. I can maybe point you in a direction and certainly I can encourage you and cheer you on because I believe in you and I believe in what you've got inside of you. So I'm excited. That's it. Check out the links below and I can't wait to talk. Thanks for listening to all seven minutes. Talk to you soon.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai