Speaker 1  00:35
Hey, sir, let me know. If you can hear me, yep, you're fine. All right, how are you? Yeah, a little bit

Speaker 2  00:44
draggy from a late night, but otherwise, just fine. Not a pretty intense it was fine. I did. Let's see that I worked from 1120 until 1am then I slept for three and a half hours, and I worked for an hour, then I slept for two hours so and I had slept for an hour earlier in the evening. So

Matthias Miller  01:05
I'm gonna start making fun of your cutover baby. That's a good quote.

Speaker 2  01:16
Matthias is referring to my nighttimes as my cutover baby. I Yes, thank you. That's fantastic.

Unknown Speaker  01:28
Oh man. How's

Unknown Speaker  01:29
it going? Costello,

Matthias Miller  01:30
oh, oh man, they're, I mean, it's cranking. We got, we got a, most of the high level design we I need to flesh out some details, but most of the high level design on the inventory tracking, okay, and they're asking stuff like, man, we have to choose between CRM and quoting, and we're going to spend the next six months building out quoting. Like, is that going to be good for you guys? And like, Dude, I think you can just, I wish you'd been on the call, yeah, but I think, I mean, it's fine you weren't. But I think, I think you can turn the crank if you have a level 10, and as long as we're not getting ahead of ourselves and they know what they want, yeah? Like, we can turn it out to level 10. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  02:13
okay,

Unknown Speaker  02:18
man, yeah.

Speaker 2  02:22
Fantastic. I wish, I wish Matthias, I wish Nick would be out of, out of school. But hey, yeah, anyway, okay, great. Well, um, let's, let's start cranking and see where we're going. So,

Matthias Miller  02:40
I mean, I think, I think my the biggest I told them this. I said, you know, there's, there's episodes of doing Excel spreadsheets first, as you figure out the business process, yeah, but there is rework, and I said, and there's also, I mean, this is me tapping the brakes more than anything else, yeah, but there's also the concern that our best clients have been indoctrinated by our development philosophy, yeah. Philosophy. Yeah, and I don't want to get started so fast that we end up spinning our wheels short because we're not in sync with stuff. But again, I think they're pretty I mean, I think they're sharp, but I think they're great to work with

Unknown Speaker  03:17
all that stuff. So yeah, do we need? Okay, man, I wish I'd have another Tim. Do we like? How worried are you about going from high level to in depth with them. Or how do we do that?

Matthias Miller  03:45
Well, I don't know how we do that. I I'm so used to working with insight these days that Sure, sure, I don't really know. I mean, I feel like one of the best things would be if we could do mock ups, yeah, even of the high level Yeah, and say this is what this is going to look like. And we might even today, be able to get through a bunch of the inventory workflow and stuff like that. Sure we'd be able to do that. And I think that would give them a lot of Sure,

Unknown Speaker  04:19
yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:21
yeah, it could really help. But I don't know how to balance the there's a little bit of a trade off between Tim's so detailed, yeah, exactly. And I'm afraid it's gonna Yeah, no, yep. Slow down the entire process, yeah.

Speaker 2  04:37
Well, and I think, okay, basically, I basically took this thing off his plate, saying, now he is actually, I don't have Jonathan or Sean on Friday, but are you going to need a Friday?

Matthias Miller  04:53
Well, I mean, we can go in as deep as we want to

Speaker 2  04:57
do you okay? I could either give you one. Seth, or which would keep the keep the knowledge in the Kansas office. I was thinking of giving you Tim, but I was thinking, you're kind of starting in fresh. Go ahead. I would rather have

Matthias Miller  05:10
Seth has got insight. I mean, Insight background is really useful here.

Unknown Speaker  05:16
Sure, sure. Well, yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:20
my choice, I'd ask for that. But yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  05:23
I might give, I might have have Tim, give Tim a consolation prize and say, Hey, if you want to join the the first hour to the call, you'd be welcome to, but I think I'll have Seth. And basically what I'm thinking of doing is for these big client for these really big clients, they never even hit the Virginia office, basically, and, and they, they may not even hit Bangladesh ever. I mean, if we see something that well, that let's just have Bangladesh knock out these screens. But I kind of think not. I think the big clients that I well, that I just need to hire up so that, so that big clients are supported by Kansas, yeah, that's,

Matthias Miller  06:06
that's the scenario that makes me happy, like a chest Shire cat, Yep, yeah, yep. Now,

Speaker 2  06:13
and you know, something like Jim wood, we spec it out carefully, we document it and, and then we let Bangladesh knock it off, and then maybe they can sometimes do maintenance for us. But I actually think we'll do keep doing more and more maintenance here, just because maintenance takes a surprising level of skill sometimes, well, we'll choose where we do maintenance. Is a better way to say it, yeah, yeah, but not be blind to the cost of maintenance, exactly, exactly. Oh, that makes sense, yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:48
good, yeah. Well, this is we're working with inventory management. Here we have existing subsystems so frictionless communication, yeah, exactly.

Speaker 2  06:55
It's really important, yeah. Oh, I had a fascinating call with cobal today. So I'll have to tell you more about I'd like to give you and Joel a kind of in depth rundown. They are doing concerted push into the conservative, Anabaptist community. I think they view, I don't think, I don't think they really view us as competitors. I think they think we're bigger than, I mean, we go bigger systems than they do, but, but so they'll start in with a $40,000 simple implementation. 30 to 40,000 an implementation rarely goes above 80,000 the biggest they've ever done is 120 but then their their user charges, he didn't want to tell me that they charge like an arm and a leg for users. I think, okay, so hosted on prem client servers, it's $700 for three users per month, okay, and and it gets a little bit cheaper after 15 users or so. But I mean, so I kind of felt like maybe that's times five. So maybe for 15 users, it is kind of like 3500 without hosting. And if they host it, it's more. The other thing is that everyone is still on the old platform. The new platform now, after 12 years, has accounting, and they're getting and they're starting to add other modules. They're hoping that by the end of the year, they can be onboarding some new clients on beyond just accounting. So and they've done a lot to gussy up the old thing also the new thing is currently only in the Windows App Store. They think that it wouldn't be that hard to do a browser, and I'm just giggling like, no, no, it won't be hard to do the

Matthias Miller  08:45
browser, not at all we've spent. We spent how many man years side, and

Speaker 2  08:52
yeah, so anyway, we're browse anyway. So they are very traditional, and they're they said, we're trying to be to we're trying to go a full tier lower than a standard ERP does, and overlap into the standard ERP side. So they're on the small Okay, so they're trying to get people out of QuickBooks sooner, into into an ERP sooner, it will be some more clicks. Everything's accessible. And so I think they're kind of targeting about the same revenue starting point as we are probably Yep, and then, and then, and so I think our market size is about the same. But the real question is, do you want? Do you want clicks, more clicks, a higher monthly fee, lower implementation and more, a more robust ERP, or do you want to hire customers a customizable system, probably with fewer features or much more expensive? But I kind of think that long term, I don't think they should be sweating about us right now, but I think and they'll and they've got their. Own base. I mean, there, they have a revenue, so that doesn't really matter. But long term, I just think we're going to be he said we're going to be frenemies. He said ABC is who is ABC? By the way,

Unknown Speaker  10:15
ABC

Unknown Speaker  10:19
software is in Pennsylvania,

Matthias Miller  10:25
classic accounting or something else, I don't

Speaker 2  10:27
know. I'm wondering if it is actually their frenemies. He said, Okay, ABC is a producer. ABC accounting full integrated business accounting packages for small and medium sized businesses. Oh, I've seen these guys at a B soft, ABC software.us, okay, accounts receivable, so they're frenemies. And anyway, it's it well, and we're talking about potentially doing a referral, referrals back and forth. So I like it, yeah, I mean, and so he's going to connect me up, and I've got one right now. Well right now, that may or may not be an option for them, but I knew, like they're just wanting a standard, boring ERP system. And I kind of, oh, and they shine with, you know, 10s of 1000s or hundreds of 1000s of SKUs, kind of classic ERP. They don't do that much customization. And he specifically says in their sales pitch, he says, we can get you a good system that'll let you grow if you're willing for a few more clicks. Yep, it's just a tougher model. I

Matthias Miller  11:48
love it. So side note, when you have an afternoon or one of our calls or whatever, it'd be fun to take everything you talked about and double down into what is our compelling differentiation. Yes, and just double down on that, yeah,

Speaker 2  12:05
yeah. I mean it is software that software built for you, the business software that thinks like you do, yep,

Speaker 1  12:14
yep, yep, yep, I love it, yep,

Speaker 2  12:18
but we build relationships, and he's on the simbiz admin team, and I think there's, yeah, anyway, good. I'm encouraged. So that's exciting. I love it. Yeah, I just, I just felt often enough I'm still not sure why it was important, because I'm not sure it's really going to do that much one way or the another. But I just felt enough nudges that I just was like, I have got to talk to that guy, yes.

Matthias Miller  12:42
So, yeah. So much of that stuff you gotta, you can see now, but you might not see until five years down the road, when it I see that's right, I'm really glad I have this relationship. And, yeah,

Speaker 2  12:56
oh, and one example was they're thinking of using their their new web platform letting people, a few people, build custom software on there. And I said, Okay, well, here's some, here's two suggestions from a competitor. You want to make sure that you get a significant revenue share off of that. You don't want to go too broad on your list of people using it. Yeah, so, and that's based on our experience. And he said that's a kind of what we were thinking, actually, but kind of just felt like, oh, and I was not trying to, well, we were both being a little bit discreet, not trying to put too many things on the table. But he was more open than I expected. Yeah, so, but he's also kind of moving out of the company for a while he's gonna, he's involved in, I mean, kind of that, hey, I'm 50. I want to make it. I'm gonna, you know, how do I want to use the rest of my life? And so, doing things like, and he's probably going to keep dabbling, and he's a part owner, but doing things like simbiz, do, he's involved in Christian lights, services, business side of things. And, just wanting to make a difference in the world. I mean, you know, use his skills in places where they're needed. So, great, fantastic. So I love it anyway. Okay, so, well, I'm super excited about where this is going with these guys here, I think they're going to like working with us this. This may be one of those anchors for you that just that gives you nice revenue and in both this year and coming years, and you get to work with the Kansas team here and hand things off here. So the What questions do you have for me?

Matthias Miller  14:46
One thing I note about Tim joining, it's there's no guarantee what we're going to be talking about on Sure. We might not be at a beautiful, clean, sure turning point. So yep, I don't mind if he joins. Sure.

Speaker 2  14:58
I mean. It may just be partly for a relational, social kind of thing to Well, partly because I'm pulling him off. So, yeah, no, it's fine. I don't have a problem with it. Yep, yeah, so that's makes total sense.

Matthias Miller  15:13
So we'll be talking about CRM this afternoon. Yes, job pack, this is a pretty minor detail, but on job pack, yeah, it's in SQL, Microsoft, SQL, yeah. So I would expect we could do PowerShell commands. And I don't know what capacity they have on their end for their dev, but if their dev is or their IT guy, or whatever they have, yeah, if you can manage that, then that's great. They also have a way to pull a CSV. So, yeah, I don't know if we need to figure that out now, but what does Job do? Scheduling. It's a it's a full on manufacturer scheduling thing got like a THINK, THINK project management the way it was supposed to be. Yep, Gantt charts and everything. It's a German their documentation is German screenshots. Oh, wow, that's hilarious. I don't know if they've localized table names or if they did table names in English, but anyway, so that have a number of questions on inventory management, but it looks to be pretty straightforward, from what I can tell, yeah, one question I did have which ties into DHL. Have we talked about at all, about how the on prem is like? Are we? Are we doing a are we doing connected device, or I thought

Speaker 2  16:41
we had agreed on a, a, you know, hosted, I mean, a raft Windows application

Matthias Miller  16:52
with a device on their network, or with a in, like a cellular or not a Cellular bit. Or,

Speaker 2  17:00
I Well, we need to talk to them. We need to talk through details. But I had that, and that might be a good time for me to come. When are you start? You're starting the 115 Let me see. Oh, shoot, I've got my Rosewood call from and from one to two, when does your call end?

Matthias Miller  17:26
We have another it's a 2/3, 130, I think. No, no,

Speaker 2  17:31
shoot, I've got another call. Then after that with the client. When this Friday?

Matthias Miller  17:37
If you Yeah,

Speaker 2  17:38
maybe, maybe I and see, it's been a long time since we've had these conversations, but I was, and it's I was thinking that there was an agreement that, if it's only connected to our servers, that and maybe we need to do some kind of route, or kind of do a, you know, fig leaf thing, like we did with affordable barn, where there is a device it connects to. But I was thinking a wrapped Windows application and on AWS servers. I mean, I would use the terms, you know, a always on data connection, and it would not be that hard to proxy it through devices where that's the only thing that comes through that connection,

Matthias Miller  18:26
right? So, yep. So do you, do you mind me having that conversation? Or do

Speaker 2  18:33
you want no go for it. I think you can go for it, and hardly even because that kind of gives you an out, like, oh, well, I need to. We could bring Matthias, or we could bring Ellis and Josh in to have more conversations. But if I start the conversation, I would say, you know, we're thinking about what, what technology is appropriate for you all. Alice mentioned that you had, you had expressed some thoughtfulness about being in the browser. We would be glad to provide a, you know, a Windows application. So you'd be logging in via a Windows application if that's, if that's important to you, you could be thinking in terms of, you know, I'm going to say you would be thinking in terms of, I guess I should ask Josh what he thinks price would be. You know, you know, it's not free, but it's doable. How you want to say it, sure, and I'm thinking offhand. It might be, I was first thing off hand, it's $10,000 maybe, you know, or five to 15, probably not five. But then I thought, or it might be, that Josh is going to say, I mean, he should probably have some ongoing revenue on something like that, because it will be, it will have some so if. Some minor maintenance. But on the other hand, it gets us into places where we wanted to be. So we could also roll some of that just into the general thing.

Matthias Miller  20:09
So Well, I think, I think we can. I mean, I think we don't have to commit to any prices now, yeah, right. We can figure out requirements. Yeah, Josh can figure out. We can talk about it then, yep, yep.

Speaker 2  20:19
I think that's good. But, and I think I would just make a strong case that that we can provide our infrastructure is, is we have all our infrastructure on our servers, and we can provide you the best support if we do that, and particularly as you are looking at multiple locations and things this and on the road access this would, this is, you know, this is where we'd like to go. But we'd also like to make it acceptable to your community, I mean, to make it appropriate for you, for you all Right and comfortable. So, right? I uh,

Matthias Miller  21:19
okay, um, I Fair enough. Well, I think so you're fine. I mean, is it fine if I go back to them and say, Look, we can as well, as long as well, do we need to talk about an in depth design plan?

Speaker 2  21:45
I don't think, I think we give them a ball and say, if we want to be nimble, that if we want to be nimble, we're proposing that we create screenshots for you, give you ballparks and the price, and we keep you updated on what the project is costing. But then I think what we do is have the developers and and I can, I've got Sean here just, I mean, and he would need to, he need coaching, and Seth good. And Seth will need to, you know, Seth will do reviews and say, Ah, wait a second, did you all document? No, you didn't come on document that. But basically have, I think they can be, we can be building out good enough documentation as we're going and it probably is going to make Tim weep a little bit, but it's going to be okay. And I say it, I might, he'll win, you know, he'll, he'll want it perfect, and it'll, this will be good enough and, I'll probably just have to tell them, hey, look, this is a we're going to go wider. We're going to go, this is going to be halfway between affordable barns with zero documentation. And, you know, Jim wood with 100% documentation, this is going to be about 65% Yep. So, and we're going to be a bit more nimble. So I so this is exciting.

Unknown Speaker  23:12
Wow, wow, good, good,

Matthias Miller  23:15
good. All right, there's anything else I don't know that there? Yeah, so, so just project that stands inventory questions this afternoon. Maybe tear into CRM, yeah. I mean, if we don't have anything else to do on Friday, then I'm going to rip the band aid off quoting and see how bad that is. Sure, sure. So, sure. Good, good, awesome.

Speaker 2  23:39
So, and when do you think you're going to work to get a ballpark price on the inventory site?

Matthias Miller  23:47
Oh, I don't know. When do you when you want to I wasn't going to work. I wasn't going to do anything until after Friday. But

Speaker 2  23:53
that's, that's I'm I'm fine with that. I'm fine with using these high level designs, pushing forward pretty hard on on the phone calls, and then come back in and hopefully give them, you know, at least one price and, and maybe, maybe, I mean for sure, a price on inventory, maybe a price on CRM too. And then go for there, yep. So,

Matthias Miller  24:22
okay, sounds good? Um, one sorry. One last note on scheduling. I don't know if you heard about Ty Anita, about Nita being in the hospital,

Speaker 2  24:29
yes. Are they out there right now? I mean, are they in Colorado? Yes,

Matthias Miller  24:33
they're in Colorado Springs. Yeah. And she's up in the springs. So I was out yesterday. Everybody's hoping for the best, but doctors like obviously, it changes day by day, and doctors are not optimistic. So is there a Caring

Unknown Speaker  24:47
Bridge or something? Or

Matthias Miller  24:51
Pi has a Facebook page where he's been putting some updates. I'm not sure about a Caring Bridge. That's fine. Yeah. So. So mostly a heads up if, I'm sure may need to disappear for a day or two. Yeah, worse comes to worse. But yeah, hoping for the best. So yep.

Speaker 2  25:12
Okay, good if. Well, we can talk about what to do if you know, with the webinar, for example, but we can wait and see. And I'm with hostile there's not a problem at all. So yeah,

Matthias Miller  25:21
it's the kind of thing that is the most understandable reason to reschedule. So Exactly, yeah, I wouldn't be totally fine with that, and we'll know. I mean, it's not, yeah, anyway, yep, I just wanted to give you a heads up. Awesome. You're

Speaker 2  25:35
fantastic. Matthias, isn't it fun to find be finding the Aren't you glad you're not doing a call with with Tim's questions at one o'clock today?

Unknown Speaker  25:48
This is so my lane.

Speaker 2  25:51
You come in as a high powered consultant and tear things apart, make things happen. You go off and do whatever, all else you do. And this is great,

Matthias Miller  25:59
yeah. Well, if you have any brilliant ideas, I've, I've wondered, I've wondered how to translate this, because I've been playing around with, you know, offers in the shed space, and, you know, there's programs we talked about on the sales and marketing side, and I think it totally could work. And maybe this is the forces my hand to delegate everything. But I don't know if you have any inspirations. I feel like sometimes I'm inside the door and I lose context. I can't read the label. And, yeah, yeah. Many inspirations on how to

Speaker 2  26:37
it's such a great question. Um, the Okay, okay, several things that just are very crystal clear, long term maintenance kills you. So that's the one thing you just want to take off the table, bright ideas, brainstorming and and and multi discipline stuff, too, is super exciting. So it is kind of a consulting ish kinds of things. The I mean, in some ways, you

Speaker 2  27:22
Yeah, I kind of wonder if you're if, if there will be, if you end up with an anchor of things you kind of enjoy to jump in on and like this and that are kind of an anchor for income, and then just allowing your creative streak to I mean, I just kind of think you're probably going to keep iterating and evolving forever. I mean, does that make sense? I mean, yeah,

Matthias Miller  27:51
I think, yeah, yeah. What I think, one of the things I've been, I've been working through, curious to your thoughts, is like, if I had the equivalent of a Seth, just as an example. I mean, I have the equivalent on the marketing side, if I can get him dialed in, but I have the equivalent of that on the sales side, and if I just and I have the equivalent of that on the hiring side, I think. And some of these are pretty, pretty, pretty new and young opportunities, but is there a way that I can build out my battery of those types of people, yeah, maybe,

Speaker 2  28:26
yeah, sure, sure. As, as far as you know, as on a contract basis or full time basis,

Matthias Miller  28:39
well, it has to be contracts, yeah, at this point, at least. But I mean, my thought has been if I, if I, if I'm, if I'm mostly occupied, or if I, if I keep myself busy with consulting for cash, yeah, and then force myself to delegate everything else on a repeatable business, uh huh, sure that I can't be involved in, yeah? Like, I don't know,

Speaker 2  29:04
yeah, maybe, maybe the main thing is just make sure, make sure that you've got enough of this. Well, Audra might be part of that, but enough of the CEO coo side of things to not drag you back into operations too much, right? So not the daily grind, not the daily grind. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  29:27
that's very good point.

Speaker 2  29:29
So, yeah, I mean, it might almost be, you know, okay, well, I mean, in some ways, you're doing a little bit of that by subbing out New Horizons stuff. To us is kind of an example of that. So maybe part of what you're needing to keep looking for is operations for hire. Then. So, you know, maybe on the software, off the software side, sometimes it might be code crafters, and maybe you'll find other people too. But. And then maybe on the sales. And I don't know, I mean, almost like, you know, and I don't think you know, Kenneth coffin is not the right example, because he's, he's the he's, he's positioned himself into the one man half a dozen clients kind of role. So it might be a little bit bigger shot, but, where you are, hey, I'm bringing this in. Please execute it with and then, and I don't know, I'm just thinking out loud. So,

Unknown Speaker  30:30
yeah, yeah, okay, that's helpful. All right. Well, anything else,

Unknown Speaker  30:45
I don't think so that's great,

Speaker 1  30:46
okay, awesome, yep, oh, thank you. Take care and Yep. Do.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai