Matthias Miller  00:05
I gotta take a quick, quick break, and meanwhile you can

Unknown Speaker  00:11
hilarious. You start a phone call with a break.

Matthias Miller  00:15
Well, it's 1158, early. Give me. Give me a minute. I go ahead. It's well, when you got a guy like you runs me ragged, it's like, you know what's

Speaker 1  00:27
I was I just popped it on there because I was going to mentally go off and do something else, and figured it'll pop up when, when you're ready. So if you're not ready, then don't

Matthias Miller  00:36
Give me. I'll be right back. You.

Speaker 1  01:17
Oh macaroni and

Speaker 2  01:20
What did He Do? I

Matthias Miller  03:00
okie dokie

Unknown Speaker  03:02
i I'm gonna give that. No, I need one minute. Okay,

Matthias Miller  03:06
let me help. Grab Water. Will you do that? I

Speaker 1  03:56
I should have done this yesterday. Completely forgot about it. Speaking

Matthias Miller  04:01
of yesterday, I should probably run payroll today. That'd be a good idea.

Unknown Speaker  04:05
People don't No. People aren't worried about that.

Unknown Speaker  04:09
Who cares?

Speaker 1  04:19
Listen, I pay for it. Ah, this makes me mad, because yesterday, I got a notification that I should sell a certain stock, and I thought, I'll get to it. I'll get to it. Yeah, well, that's what you get for not paying attention. And dummy,

Matthias Miller  04:43
cost you some money.

Speaker 1  04:45
Not bad. It's I needed to get I needed to get rid of this thing and but I'll be fine if you had a look at the stock. Market today,

Matthias Miller  05:02
I have not been paying attention now let's see

Speaker 1  05:10
a number of a number of stuff, like a number of stuff shot up like crazy today. I'm really curious what, what did Trump do now that made people suddenly get excited, or what happened in the marketplace that made it so that people are excited about buying again? Because, yikes, as it's a pretty, pretty decent sized jump. Oh, seriously,

Matthias Miller  05:43
do you see met his quarter, quarter billion dollar talent acquisition? No, I

Speaker 1  06:15
Yeah, well, we'll get, we'll get to that one later. All right, all right, back to it, yes, I saw, I saw that. I saw that you and somebody were having some fun.

Matthias Miller  06:25
Yeah, I took Seth through it. He poke some holes in it. Whatever got, gave some feedback, and

Speaker 1  06:42
what's difference between the two security deposit sections? Is that just leftover stuff that needs to go away. So

Matthias Miller  06:47
this is so my it makes more sense, if we his thought is, can we make this be the actual literal payment and be this be security deposit related stuff. This part is only visible when you have a security deposit, and so it shows customer payment added security pay from security and available for contracts. Or maybe you hate these terms. Maybe we completely botched them, and then you pop up security deposit to edit

Speaker 1  07:20
so you're okay. You're saying those are visible all the time.

Matthias Miller  07:28
This is okay. These are visible all the time, okay? And this is only visible when you have a security deposit. I

Speaker 1  07:43
Yeah. And in order to edit them, you had to click the button, yep. If we're going to do something like that, can we just reflect the balance of the security deposit there as well?

Matthias Miller  07:52
Well, we could also say, basically, enable security or, you know, enable security deposit, and have the RG pop up and then show you know total available for contracts underneath the RG.

Speaker 1  08:10
So, so let's say the customer does. Let's talk about this as if the customer does have a security deposit, right? They have a $500 security deposit there already. It would be nice to know. It'd be nice to, if you click, it'd be nice to know what that balance is there. So the customer says, oh, I want to, you know, I want to pay for my security deposit, or I want to add to my security budget, whatever, like, that balance should be there. So you can see that, right? That makes sense.

Matthias Miller  08:42
Yep.

Speaker 1  08:43
So rather than click the security deposit, it pops open a pop out that information is going to be visible there. If there is a security deposit,

Matthias Miller  08:52
we would show a list of so the other thing you pointed out is that security deposit inside the contract, no duh. And so we should show a list of contracts, show the contract date, show the security deposit balance. What do you want to do with this contract? Security deposit? What do you want to do with this one and then, because we because you could do multiple things in a single payment. Well, what's the total you're adding? What's total you're paying you get, theoretically transfer 400 400 you could theoretically transfer security deposit. I don't know if you're allowed to, but theoretically, you could say, I want to use my $400 my security deposit, to make a payment on this contract. I want to pay in $400 on this one. Oh, you're still only using, okay. I mean, why would you do this? It's so dumb. But as long as you're using $400 worth making for a $400 payment on the contract that has the security deposit and everything else checks, who cares? And if you, if you're paying into Go ahead, would this be an RG, yeah, it has to be an RG, okay,

Speaker 1  09:55
mock it up. I want to see it just I'm gonna mock it up. I think, fuck. You don't need to, you don't need to mock it up. Have them mock it up. Okay, mock up. I want to see, I want to see what it looks like. I think you're on the right path.

Matthias Miller  10:09
We could conceivably have, if we're going to do an RG anyway, we could conceivably just have a checkbox that shows it here and then shows the balance at the bottom, and not have a button and the checkbox is the thing. So I would almost vote to do that, but I don't know how much you care.

Unknown Speaker  10:30
Just make it pretty. I understand where you're going.

Matthias Miller  10:32
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  10:36
this is shaping up nicely, so

Matthias Miller  10:39
then we didn't make any changes here. The biggest thing is we could do alternating row colors, but if you want to come up with what the colors should be

Unknown Speaker  10:44
mean for contract one, two and three and 4567,

Matthias Miller  10:49
and eight, yeah, like you would contract one is one color, contract two is another color. Contract three is a first color, contract four is the second color.

Speaker 1  10:57
Here's a zany idea. There's no way that we can set that on the contract record,

Matthias Miller  11:03
the contract color, yeah,

Speaker 1  11:08
contract, no, no, no, no, no, no backup, backup, backup, no backup. That's That's ridiculous.

Matthias Miller  11:19
The current highlighted bro will override. I mean, highlighting a real override.

Speaker 1  11:22
I don't care what color is, first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth and 10th, just as long as they're not like, blast you in the face, eyeball colors like that, like those pastel type blues and reds and stay out of, stay out of like, any kind of like highlight. You know, we don't want to go bold colors. Otherwise somebody will think something's wrong, yeah, otherwise, I do not care. That's just, that's make it pick something.

Matthias Miller  11:55
Okay? I Yeah.

Matthias Miller  12:15
Okay, so let me just shoot off a message screen. Get this completely off my plate. Seth. Can you walk Sean through the payment record changes? I'm thinking for the top right security deposit, we just show a checkbox called use security deposit that shows an embedded, embedded M, embedded RG, like we talked about, and shows the shows the payment available for or i

Matthias Miller  13:19
Okay, good,

Speaker 1  13:22
what one question the credit card? Ach, that will be that it's going to reflect any tokens that are on the person's account. Is that, right? So if you Yes, okay, so if you select, I'm assuming that's going to be hidden, unless you select credit card or ACH, right, got it. And then if there's tokens there, then you can, you can select that token. Otherwise you can add credit card or ACH, yep, I like it. I like it a lot. I don't correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think the customer should be a drop down. Am I right?

Matthias Miller  14:07
Should just be read only from the contract.

Speaker 1  14:09
It should be read only from the contract, or from the known from the con, from the contact record,

Matthias Miller  14:18
right? You're gonna from wherever you open it from?

Unknown Speaker  14:22
Yeah, exactly. And the date should be read only as well.

Matthias Miller  14:32
It shouldn't be a separate check. Or you should ask for the payment method first and then ask for the date, because on a check you don't know. So that's

Speaker 1  14:38
not, that's not the date of the trans of this record, the of the for the record. Are you saying

Speaker 1  14:51
created date? I made the assumption that date would always be today. I.

Speaker 1  15:00
Yeah. If you select, if you select Yeah, you would need,

Matthias Miller  15:05
okay for you Yes, for the poor accountant in the back office, we got a big pile of mail. I mean, maybe we got the worst part is we got a check on the 31st December, 31 and we received it. We just didn't enter it until January the first. We really need to backdate it.

Unknown Speaker  15:32
Are correct?

Matthias Miller  15:35
You are. We could move it underneath the payment method.

Speaker 1  15:38
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, just disregard what I said before. Disregard.

Matthias Miller  15:48
Happy. Do you? Do you like calling this reference number and having it be it's just check? I mean, that's a standard term, but if it's doesn't work for the for lizard brain, that's fine, and

Speaker 1  15:58
it would only be there if it's a checker or money order

Matthias Miller  16:04
or card and ACH to become the transaction ID, and it would be editable, gotcha. And as

Speaker 1  16:11
long as, as long as it's not editable when it's when it's credit card or ACH like that, yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:17
oh yeah, that can't, right. Okay, good, makes sense. Sweet. That feels good. Does it?

Unknown Speaker  16:25
Do we care? Do we need the created by on there?

Matthias Miller  16:31
The main reason was, you know, whether it's coming from the from the portal or not? Oh,

Speaker 1  16:36
but I don't know. Fair enough. Fair enough. Fair enough. Fair enough. I'm fine with that I don't feel strongly the next due date underneath contract preview just needs to go make it go bye,

Unknown Speaker  16:48
bye, bye.

Speaker 1  16:51
Probably move early pay off to the left, just because I'm being obnoxious. Now,

Matthias Miller  16:57
I love obnoxious. It's my favorite. Obnoxious is my love language. Sure hope not.

Speaker 1  17:08
Okay, got it. I like it. I like it a lot. What did you think of your crazy idea of a note? Of a memo? Uneditable memo field for your warning,

Matthias Miller  17:19
he's fine. So much about it. I like it, all right,

Unknown Speaker  17:25
I'm digging. I'm digging this a lot.

Matthias Miller  17:32
All right. Well, where do we want to go today? I

Speaker 1  17:43
well, do we need? Do we need to go? Do we need to skim down through here and find idds and and we do? You see we can go answer some questions.

Matthias Miller  17:54
Consider, delete record. This is two permissions.

Matthias Miller  18:01
Do we ship any note types?

Unknown Speaker  18:04
Do we ship any note types? What does that mean?

Matthias Miller  18:07
Like, I would assume that we have something like a promise payment, promised payment.

Speaker 1  18:20
So this is, this is templates. They come,

Matthias Miller  18:23
come that gets sent to people, straight out of the box.

Speaker 1  18:28
Wait, is this a, okay, pardon my, my silly ignorance. What note type is so comes, it's, is it a drop down on the note,

Matthias Miller  18:37
on the template? I

Matthias Miller  18:44
Why did we say we needed note type?

Speaker 1  18:48
No, I note type record, well, okay, go up to the note type record. What note types? What's the note? Okay, what are we saying here? Should we, oh, should we ship with a note type here? Okay, so, so this would be, this one is, yeah, okay, so this is, this would allow us to do, this is where the project management side comes in, because you can, you can define some note types that you want to have, and you can reuse and report. Reuse and report on, yes, okay, do we want to ship with that? What's the one? What's the one that we have in there? There's one in there right now, in in the in the test system. What was it?

Matthias Miller  19:35
Script? Call script? Just script. That doesn't seem right.

Speaker 1  19:53
The answer is yes. Please make a to do thing for me to go and dream up some fancy little one or two three note type.

Unknown Speaker  20:12
Is, yep,

Matthias Miller  20:22
hi, ah, delivery, free, delivery fee and processing fee.

Speaker 1  20:28
Do I really want to talk about this? What else is there? Let's skip that one.

Matthias Miller  20:36
What's the next one? I love your tenacity here. Should we allow linking a customer to an organization here? I think I'm thinking, not No. Do

Matthias Miller  20:56
we need a way to sign contacts if somebody messes up. And I guess then, how do we do this? Because, do you basically have a reassigned contact process that runs that updates all payments

Speaker 1  21:13
so, so, so hold on a second. So I'm entering contracts and the stupid me assign it to the wrong RTO companies. That is that the scenario so what are the implications? I'm assuming that this will be fielded on the contract record. What are the implications if we make that editable to a very high permissions level, and you just changed it, then what? Well,

Matthias Miller  21:36
you got to make sure you tie out all payments, and all payments make it over. The contact makes it over the notes make it over like, that's why I'm thinking it almost has to be an X 30 to say, I mean, but it's also an, are you sure? Are you doubly sure?

Speaker 1  21:55
Okay, the other option is you have to close the contract, re enter it, and re enter it. I mean, it might be cool to transfer a contract, but there's a lot of considerations to deal with. Oh, my, my,

Matthias Miller  22:14
we could say you could reassign a high permission level. Can assign a contact, okay, if there are no contracts tied to it, okay, let's war

Speaker 1  22:23
game this thing for a minute. Um, if we force them to to refund all the money out of one payment, well, okay, from from a from a accounting standpoint,

Matthias Miller  22:38
the the they got payments. If

Speaker 1  22:42
we have payments, you have to refund them out and and then move them over to the new payments, the new stuff. And do we really, do we really want to try to handle a transfer? Oh, my, that is so many things to think

Matthias Miller  22:56
about. No, you don't this is we're not here, but we're not handling a transfer. We're handling Stupid me just put this thing in the wrong company.

Speaker 1  23:05
Yeah, but I mean, the moment you enter a contract, there's most likely going to be payments with it. So you it's it's no difference whether there's one payment or there's 30 payments, all of them need to be tied out correctly. Now, if it's in the same day, and it hasn't gone through a it hasn't gone through an accounting cycle. It would be pretty easy to delete the payment you delete the payment record, blah, blah, blah, and you move the dumb thing, and it's all done and said, or it's all said and done, but if it goes through an accounting cycle, well now there's accounting transactions to tie out exactly.

Unknown Speaker  23:40
So

Speaker 1  23:48
do we want to say that a transfer button shows up only within if, as long as there's no accounting cycle? In other words, you can do it if you, if you entered a bunch of contracts and it's the same day, yep, you can transfer that thing. And here's a nice little handy button that's going to go and change all the RTO company stuff on all the records that appropriately, but after there's an accounting cycle, nope. Sorry. Now you got to go. You got to go return all the payments. You got to close the contract. You need to reopen in the in the correct RTO contract, RTO company, and reapply the payment.

Matthias Miller  24:24
Why wouldn't you, in that case, just create a customer in the target RTO company, deactivate the deactivate the whole customer, create a new one, and just assign the contract. Well, you need to know the

Speaker 1  24:42
moment it goes through an accounting cycle, there's so many things that are going to tie out. And

Matthias Miller  24:49
so you have to say you created the contact. All Contracts for this customer have to have been created. Today, and if so, you can transfer the entire person, including payment, no, and you can't have payments, except normally, payments would be normally we would create payments on it, wouldn't we, as part of the contract entry.

Speaker 1  25:22
Okay, so, but it's part of the contract entry. All of these records tied out records are going to have the RTO company assigned. If we haven't gone through an accounting cycle, then it's literally, it's easy as changing out, swapping out the RTO company on all these records, and it's done as long

Matthias Miller  25:37
as there isn't a strike transact or a credit card charge or ACH payment on it?

Speaker 1  25:46
Well, that shouldn't ever happen, because if we're going to have someone if we took an RTO contract with a credit card transaction, that means it was entered through some dealer portal.

Matthias Miller  26:01
If the contract was entered, okay, add a transfer button that reassigns contact, reassigns contracts, reassigns payments, only available if all contracts were created today.

Speaker 1  26:25
You should. You should spell that, O, W, n, l, y, just to mess with Seth and see if he catches it own. Only available if contracts were created today. Yes,

Matthias Miller  26:38
this is on the contract record. I

Speaker 2  26:40
Yeah,

Speaker 1  26:45
probably so yeah,

Matthias Miller  26:50
reassigns notes.

Speaker 1  26:54
If you wanted to handle this, if you wanted to handle Go ahead, you're gonna have

Matthias Miller  26:59
different RTO contract definitions. You can't transfer a contract. You have to close it out. You can move a contact. That's easy.

Speaker 1  27:09
Yeah, you're right. You have to close it, you have to you have to refund all payments, and you have to close the contract and then go and re enter it. You

Speaker 1  27:25
because it Yeah, yeah, ah, you're so right.

Matthias Miller  27:38
That was easy. Anything else I so

Matthias Miller  27:46
you just cancel the contract, deactivate the customer,

Unknown Speaker  27:49
refund payments. You wouldn't have to deactivate the

Matthias Miller  27:51
customer. Wait The Well, I mean you, you wouldn't have to the

Speaker 1  27:57
customer, the the account record, theoretically, okay, we could say if a contact record has no active contracts, it can be moved to a different RTO company, and that's the only thing that's fine. So if you have so in other words, you would, you would close the contract, you would refund all payments. And once you've done all of that, then you can go to the contact record, and you can move that contact over to the

Matthias Miller  28:28
new yet, because you still have a canceled contract in your system, and you want to know who it was for. Yeah, but just go back, create a copy, five copy. No, just go. You're gonna have to re enter the whole thing anyway.

Speaker 1  28:47
Yeah, but if you have, if you have a canceled or closed contract on the account, why couldn't you swap the contact record?

Matthias Miller  28:55
Because now you're going to have a contract in one RTO company, and if an RTO admin has login. They're not going to be able to pull up the contact deed. They're going to be like, what's this? Cancel contract for it says it's blank. I can't find it. What slaps I think it's just, if you have a contact record that literally is not tied out anywhere. Sure you can assign it to another company. It's just you just did something stupid, and I'm sorry. So do you, dude, you sounded

Speaker 1  29:33
like your brother there. That was totally your brother's voice.

Matthias Miller  29:41
One of the investor tools employees told us this to told Ellis this,

Unknown Speaker  29:48
I know you guys aren't dumb.

Matthias Miller  29:52
And I was like, I'm like, that's, that's printable. I'm gonna have an office decoration for a day.

Speaker 1  29:57
I know you guys aren't dumb. I'm. Parents, there was a situation tied to it, but I really want to say you are.

Matthias Miller  30:08
He's a good dude. The guy who said that, I feel sad. That's probably the deepest fear of every engineer. Somebody's gonna find out I'm actually a complete moron. Okay, so

Speaker 1  30:21
if you entered something in the wrong company. Yeah, gotta kill the whole nine yards and start

Matthias Miller  30:27
over. Yep, that's what contract entry is for. Sorry, punk like I mean the worst thing, I mean, the one thing we could do if we wanted to make it easier, but we don't. You're not gonna do you're only gonna do this once. You're never gonna do it again.

Speaker 1  30:49
Well, I mean, the only other alternative is that you have one giant X 30 that goes and does all the work and moves all the the contracts and moves all the stuff and and all the, all the, all the, all the, all the accounting records, etc. I mean, that's isn't even possible. I mean, yes, it's possible. But Well, could you

Matthias Miller  31:12
not if contract entry is a detail screen, could you have a copy the contract entry detail screen, then change the company and fix what's broken in it, and then save it, and boom, it

Speaker 1  31:21
works. You're copying more than just the contract. You're copying theoretically, theoretically, you're copying the contact record to come the contract record, any

Matthias Miller  31:31
payment record. No, no, the contract entry is its own detail screen that has all the information. And so if you copy the entry screen, you can basically re enter the exact same contract, swap with company, and swap the RTO company and fix it up. I think we we potentially, if we want to potentially consider this as part of contract entry, but we don't have to handle it in any other case.

Speaker 1  32:07
Do I like the idea that I don't know, I don't know, we

Matthias Miller  32:14
can just set the put the whole thing to bed and say, like, if you have to fix it. This is why you and I are in entering contracts.

Speaker 1  32:29
I mean, okay, how? What are the potential misuse cases of being able to cop copy a contract entry record?

Matthias Miller  32:38
Okay, it has big potential for misuse from an ignorant, if you just say, optimize for stupidity, somebody could just, I don't know what I put the down payment in wrong let me create a new

Unknown Speaker  32:55
contract about this is it is copy record and permissions level thing.

Matthias Miller  33:03
I don't remember. You could have a you could have it set a field at least that requires admin privileges to save it. If you do copy, we can lock it down in some former capacity.

Speaker 1  33:28
It if, if copy can be a permission level visibility, then I would say a very high level permissions would be able to copy a contract entry record, but you're going to have to go get your manager in order to do this, and then the manager should be smart enough to know that there's a whole lot of potential things that can go sideways

Matthias Miller  33:52
if you do this. Here is your shotgun.

Speaker 1  33:56
I mean, I like giving shotguns because it's like, look, I do. I do dumb things in assist all the time, but I know what I'm doing. And so, oh, you

Matthias Miller  34:05
did not.

Unknown Speaker  34:13
Oh, fun. I

Matthias Miller  34:26
Okay, Seth be anybody but you.

Matthias Miller  34:41
So let's do I'm.

Speaker 1  35:03
Listen. Google Docs has figured out how to do simultaneous writing to the records. You guys should figure this out.

Matthias Miller  35:09
They also wrote their own rendering engine.

Unknown Speaker  35:17
That's fair.

Matthias Miller  35:20
Their pockets are pretty deep.

Speaker 1  35:22
Are you trying to say that Google's pockets are deeper than than investor tools?

Matthias Miller  35:27
No, but it's marginally,

Unknown Speaker  35:31
marginally

Matthias Miller  35:38
Okay. Driver's License. Jonathan seems to Google

Unknown Speaker  35:43
Docs came out with tabs. I would, I would, you guys should just move to using Google Docs, because you can literally handle all of this stuff in tabs.

Matthias Miller  35:58
Sorry, keep going. I don't completely disagree. I think if I could, I would do

Matthias Miller  36:08
it with a Google script, with syncing or something. I don't know what I would do, auto syncs.

Unknown Speaker  36:18
Did you lose all the stuff you were trying

Matthias Miller  36:20
to write, no, I put it in the contract entry, okay, do we think driver's license should be an RG, since people can only have one license at a time, wait

Unknown Speaker  36:36
a minute.

Matthias Miller  36:39
Hey, it's Seth, I misread your message. Seth, I meant I'm going with Dwayne, and we're going, okay, hour, and I perfect when I when I saw zfp, I meant only design, and I saw you anyway, whatever. If you're

Unknown Speaker  36:54
willing to work for free on this call, you can stay and hang out with us, but

Matthias Miller  36:59
that's Wow. You drive a hard bargain that's fair when we're done. Okay, sounds good. Thanks, sorry. Okay, so, yeah, yep, okay, so, um, contact record has the driver's license. Currently, I

Matthias Miller  37:26
and do you want to keep old

Speaker 1  37:27
driver's license? Sorry, repeat, okay,

Matthias Miller  37:31
the driver's license? Yes. Do we want to keep old driver's licenses around? And do we need more than one driver's license? There's

Speaker 1  37:53
a one to one ratio between driver's license and and contact record correct or

Matthias Miller  38:02
not, that's what Jonathan that's what Jonathan's suggesting. Yes,

Speaker 1  38:07
I tend to agree. There is, I mean, okay, the other, the other thing that, no, I um, most of the time yes. The answer is yes. Whatever he's saying there it's yes. Let's get rid of it as an RG. There's no reason for it to be an

Matthias Miller  38:42
RG, I Okay, but then the attachment, if you want to attach a picture of it, do you need to attach a picture of it? Yes, do you need to note that this is the driver's license attachment so that you can I so you know what it is, so you know that you've got it.

Speaker 1  39:07
Yeah, not in and, and so. But I mean, we're going to have to, if we're going to turn that into a PII field as well, aren't we? The image of it, I

Matthias Miller  39:20
don't understand.

Speaker 1  39:22
So if you the driver's license image really should be restricted you access, should it not? I

Matthias Miller  39:54
The problem is the.

Matthias Miller  40:04
And maybe this will change, although we had attachments on these guys, attachments,

Matthias Miller  40:20
attachments currently are not linked out to say it's this type of attachment.

Speaker 1  40:29
But can you? Can? Can you make that RG editable, where you can assign a type to it?

Matthias Miller  40:39
Yes, you just can't require it at time of upload. Currently,

Speaker 1  40:47
fine. I mean, it's really the company's responsibility if they want to restrict the visibility to driver's license that they they do that. So the way to restrict it is, if you have a type on that on that row as driver's license, then it would be PII, restricted,

Unknown Speaker  41:06
fair, yeah.

Speaker 1  41:14
And if we're going to in that list, I think we should have a couple different document or couple different types that we ship driver's license contract documents, just two there would be there would be two that we would ship driver's license and contract documents. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Contract documents really would go over on the contract record, correct, right? So there's really, if type is blank, it's visible, always, if you assign there is really only one type, if you assign station to the to the to the if you upload that document, the thing is, okay, maybe, maybe we reuse this list across a couple different things, because I have the suspicion that most of the time, these con these driver's licenses are going to end up being uploaded with contracts, which is usually, generally how they come in. It's part of the whole PDF stack. And so

Matthias Miller  42:15
why not? Can we wait?

Speaker 1  42:18
No, no, how about, why wouldn't we just make it a checkbox of, like, to say it's restricted,

Matthias Miller  42:28
like, basically it includes PII checkbox,

Speaker 1  42:30
yeah, yeah. And so if, if the PDF document, if the driver's license in your PDF stack, that it comes in one or two things you can, you can split it out, but with a PDF printer, and then sign it into the and checkbox it for PII, or you just select the whole stupid thing as PII, whatever choose yourself. We give the ability to restrict the visibility, yes, just checkbox. That's good,

Matthias Miller  43:00
all right, and this includes PII the right thing, or you want some other kind of confidential checkbox, or something

Speaker 1  43:07
this visibility, restricted visibility, or something like that, or just restricted, or something like that,

Matthias Miller  43:15
restricted, not clear, um, confidential, confidential.

Speaker 1  43:22
Fine by me. And that really should be that that confidentiality checkbox should be on every attachments, RG, that we ever do that way, any kind of information that you put on there could be restricted to a that level of confidential visibility,

Unknown Speaker  43:41
right?

Matthias Miller  43:47
Okay.

Matthias Miller  43:59
Doug, do you want to go through in the terms. RG,

Speaker 1  44:02
Okay, before we go on this, back over to the the the the driver's license, driver's license number, information on the contact record that will, by default, be confidential, yes,

Matthias Miller  44:18
well, this will be confidential,

Unknown Speaker  44:21
right? That's what I'm talking about, correct?

Matthias Miller  44:31
I mean, we have no idea what permission that actually is, but

Speaker 1  44:41
it'll be one of the permissions check boxes as part of the

Matthias Miller  44:45
second Yeah, can't. Yeah, can't. Can view confidential customer data exactly. Okay. So do a ghost throw in the terms RG,

Speaker 1  44:54
a ghost row in the terms RG, i. Oh, what's a ghost row? Is that? That is that that add new row, thing that you have right there, like

Matthias Miller  45:05
this, this kind of guy

Unknown Speaker  45:09
in the terms RG, sure

Matthias Miller  45:14
warn if it's not divisible, divisible by 12,

Unknown Speaker  45:18
sure. Set.

Speaker 1  45:24
Hey, dummy, this needs to be divisible by 12 because there's 12 months in a year. Are you stupid? No, no. We know you're not that dumb.

Matthias Miller  45:33
We know you're not that dumb.

Unknown Speaker  45:39
It's funny.

Matthias Miller  45:45
Short code, yes, it is, the RTO company, company company. Short code is to identify the RTO company and records and drop this ie cricket Valley might become CB. Wait,

Unknown Speaker  46:15
I thought you were referring to damage waiver fee stuff.

Matthias Miller  46:17
This short code is because people refer to damage waiver fees in different ways, Damage Waiver fee, loss, Damage Waiver liability, damage waiver and

Speaker 2  46:40
so

Matthias Miller  46:46
we so want to use the same initials that they do, so that we can show it on the screen and in printed invoices. So

Matthias Miller  47:06
did I hear you say you want to do credit card convenience fees? Are you on Bluetooth? I

Matthias Miller  47:35
I'm sorry. Grabbing a water. Did I hear you say you wanted to work in critical convenience

Speaker 2  47:40
fees? I to

Speaker 1  47:44
work on credit card convenience fees. No, not yet. That's for me to still think about and work on.

Matthias Miller  47:52
Okay to to do IDD. We need to document the payment frequency and the payment record at the time of payment. This is a good thing.

Speaker 1  48:06
You mean the payment term or the payment is that what he's referring to? Payment? Free, yeah. So this would be,

Unknown Speaker  48:12
yeah, yes.

Matthias Miller  48:19
Let's see if we can,

Matthias Miller  48:31
okay, so we have payment frequency, payment method. Would it be under Payment? Under payment amount?

Unknown Speaker  48:50
This would be a read only field, correct?

Matthias Miller  48:52
Yes.

Speaker 1  48:57
I don't know that it needs to be visible on this detail screen. It could be hidden under the hood. I don't care, but it needs to go into the payment history. I don't know that it necessarily needs to be on this. Uh, actually, maybe it does. Why wouldn't we show it in the RG,

Matthias Miller  49:18
right? We showed the breakdown.

Unknown Speaker  49:23
Oh, fair, I like that. Short, the breakdown.

Speaker 1  49:35
With, okay, while I like that, I still think we should show it in the RG so that the customer reps that open this up that goes to make a payment, it's visible to them about what it is right here,

Unknown Speaker  49:52
either, yeah, before, before or after, before or after. I don't care before or after, due date i. Okay,

Matthias Miller  50:05
I just messaged him and he'll take care of it. I

Matthias Miller  51:33
Right? This is the one thing

Matthias Miller  51:39
that we didn't talk about

Unknown Speaker  51:42
late fee at late fee editability,

Matthias Miller  51:45
yeah, could almost do a late fee adjustment here that you have record what was calculated, and what

Unknown Speaker  51:57
I'm not so much worried about was calculated.

Matthias Miller  52:01
Can we can we just make this be an editable column? Yes.

Speaker 2  52:22
Uh, and

Speaker 1  52:27
it should be forward and backwards calculating to the payment amount

Matthias Miller  52:33
forward and backwards. In other

Speaker 1  52:35
words, if I put $1,000 in and I go, oops, I want to take out the late fee, it drops down to whatever the amount would be, less the $5 late fee, or, yeah,

Matthias Miller  52:45
right,

Unknown Speaker  53:00
Let's do that.

Speaker 1  53:22
I mean, if you want to do the convenience fee, we can nail this thing down. It's not, it's not rocket science.

Matthias Miller  53:27
I don't care. We can keep,

Speaker 1  53:30
no, let's, let's just, let's knock it out. Because the way that we're going to handle this is we're going to you, it's going to be part of the the payment method on the payment record. The payment method there needs to be a debit card and prepaid card option there. And if you if you have convenience fees, turned on, then maybe we put some kind of message there that says, you know when you do that. You know this, this company charges convenience fees. It's, you know, ask your customer what type of payment method they're using. If they say, I'm using a card, you'd have to say, what type of card are you using, right? And in order to turn this thing on, you have to sign a something. With only and we turn it on through a an update. Otherwise we had specked out the fields for it. That's we're gonna the the way to stay compliant on the on this is you have to select the type, if it's credit card, or, sorry, if it's credit card, you can charge a convenience fee. If it's debit card or prepaid card, then they would never charge a convenience fee. And the same thing when we get to online portals, I think what we're going to do is we're going to do some of the same methodology, and we're going to say when it's if they choose credit card, we say. Okay, we will show them a message that says this, this, there will be a whatever dollar charge or whatever percentage charge on this. There are other options like debit card, ACH or prepaid card,

Matthias Miller  55:18
okay, so, so this is going on the rental company, right?

Speaker 1  55:28
Think so, think that's right. Yeah, it's not. It's not a contract definition thing, right? Or is it because some states don't allow it?

Matthias Miller  55:39
Well, I mean, but it's still, it doesn't matter whether, but it's not. It's irrespective of whether it's a rental contract or a RTR. RTO is limited to the state.

Unknown Speaker  55:52
So it would be, except

Matthias Miller  55:56
it would be contract definition, wouldn't it, though, because it should, it needs to be baked into the most likely you need to tell them what the fees actually are in the contract.

Speaker 1  56:12
Well, no, most likely you need to tell them in the contract that it's going to be X percentage, because it wouldn't that would make a flat rate fee. If you try to tell them what the fee is, but Right, right, you'd have to, you'd have to name it in the contract. But there are states that do not correct, right? We found a state or two that means fees. Yeah, it's a state level thing. So it needs to be contract

Matthias Miller  56:36
California, because it may contain lead.

Speaker 1  56:42
I convenience fees may contain lead. They are harmful to the environment. They are harmful to the environment.

Speaker 1  57:01
Oh, FYI. Contract definition records should be copyable. Is that? Is that even a word copyable? Copyable? Yep, they should be. You should be able to copy them. Because I can see like you're going to set a lot of this stuff up, and then you're going to go, Oh, wow. This dates, almost identical copy, you know, change your things, update your language, done.

Matthias Miller  57:25
Okay, do you want? What notice Do you want at the top, if, if the system switch is set well, or if it's if it's not set, say if it's not enabled, say, credit card convenience fees can be innate, enabled by contacting,

Speaker 1  57:52
oh, of every contract. Contract definition is that what you're saying, I mean, you would know, literally the way you get this thing turned on

Matthias Miller  58:03
is you ask for it. No, I know, but can only be by contacting like, wouldn't you want to notice in every contract definition that says credit or convenience fees? No, it's not even visible. Okay, so if it, if it is stable, do you want to notice?

Unknown Speaker  58:18
Yes, and do

Matthias Miller  58:21
you know what that notice should say?

Speaker 1  58:29
If it's enabled, you would see that the features on the contract definition, we don't need language any anyone need any notice because they signed the contract? Yeah, but I mean, okay, wait, wait, are you saying on the contract record or the definition? Record, definition, record, no, not on the definition. Record,

Matthias Miller  58:45
okay. So because if they have

Speaker 1  58:47
it turned on, the fields are going to be there and you can see them, otherwise you don't see the fields.

Matthias Miller  58:55
Okay, so then when you turn it on, you would get these payment methods added, credit card, debit card, prepaid card, well, debit card, prepaid card, get added when you turn it on correct. The following payment methods get shipped when you turn this on, okay, and then you have, we don't have a state, and this only gets applied to A credit card payment method. Um,

Unknown Speaker  59:38
there's ACH too. Uh, uh, did? Did we look at that? I don't know. Hold on, let's go ask. Let's let me go ask. Brock. Are there restrictions?

Matthias Miller  59:59
Yes, now, isn't there also potentially a delineation between whether they call in versus whether they do it online on the portal, like if there's a standard?

Speaker 1  1:00:12
So my understanding, when we were reading through some of this is there's a little bit more leniency when you do when you are applying a payment yourself on an online portal, we need to give them a message that says on the online portal, that says, this company charges a convenience fee for credit card and make sure there's other options, as long as there's ACH options and debit card and prepaid card options then, and we would have to denote that in other words, right? You mean that would be part of the message. Like this company charges a convenience fee for using a credit card. I don't know if we're required to say debit card, and prepaid cards do not. I think anyway, when you are when you have this enabled and you're calling in, then the customer Representatives has to ask, Hey, Mr. Customer, or has to say, like, I think on the on the payment record. At that point, if convenience fees are turned on, and you go to and you select Credit Card, there's a little bot. There's a there's a message pops up, or beside, beside the credit card or something, there's a message that says, this method type charges a convenience fee of whatever the number is, right? You select debit card, the message wouldn't be there. If you select prepaid card, the message wouldn't be there. Ach, the message would check cash, blah, blah, blah credit card, it would show up

Matthias Miller  1:01:37
and potentially Ach, and you're finding out. I'm asking, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:49
what did we do before AI? I

Speaker 1  1:02:09
Yeah, so there are states that ban this. So Ach, it's the same thing that the two methods, the two methods that you can charge a convenience fee on are ACH and credit cards. Some states restrict it. And so therefore, I think the two payment types that if you have, if you have convenience fees enabled, the two payment types that you can charge a convenience fee are ACH and credit card.

Matthias Miller  1:02:37
Okay, so here we're gonna, okay, this is easy, see, that's why I don't like guessing. Okay, so, so you have have an RG of with a payment method of, can be Ach, do we limit it strictly to credit card?

Speaker 1  1:02:53
Ach, okay, before I answer that question, yes, it's limited to that. That's the, that's the, it is limited to that secondarily, if you have this turned on, I think there should be a giant message above that, RG, that says, Know Your like on the contract definition, know your state's res, know your state's legislation on what is allowed and not allowed, some type of message like that, that that's big and bold and in red, that says some states restrict this. Know your state, we are not, we are not using this.

Matthias Miller  1:03:30
You understand that, and agree and agree that you are responsible to know your state's specific regulations for convenience fees,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:45
hold in red with yellow highlights,

Speaker 1  1:03:53
ugly, ugly, like you cannot miss this. I'm sorry.

Matthias Miller  1:03:59
Well, do you want it to be a checkbox and everything's only visible when you check the box.

Speaker 1  1:04:06
Well, no, we're only turning the feature on, like once you turn if you request this and you sign the documentation, then we turn the feature on. Boom, you are taking your life in your own hands. Or maybe we should. We should write something a little bit like what RTO pro wrote about the that one thing I sent you on, on, on signal. It's like we added this feature because some shed rental companies wanted us to. We don't like this feature. We don't think you should

Matthias Miller  1:04:34
use it buyer, yeah, well, in that case, we have something similar, where we only turn it on for certain companies, yep, and only by request, but yes, so Okay, so then, do we need to freeze the contract the convenience fee amounts on the contract, and then charge the minimum fee between the current definition and. And what was on the contract.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:06
Wait, say it again.

Matthias Miller  1:05:08
Okay. Do we need to freeze the convenience fee on the contract? The only

Speaker 1  1:05:13
thing I don't like about freezing the convenience fee on the contract is that if the company decides to change the convenience fee, you have a whole bunch of ones that are frozen,

Matthias Miller  1:05:22
is it stored in the contract? Is convenience fee in the contract? You

Speaker 1  1:05:29
mean, is it in the documentation? Yeah. I mean, yes, it would be in there. But if that, but if you decided to, if you decided to. I don't know if this feed needs to be documented or not. I don't really care whether it's documented or not. I don't like the idea that it would be frozen on the contract and there's I don't want to have to. I don't want it to end up a situation where, if you wanted to change the RT, the convenience fee, turn it ON OFF, or increase or decrease, that you'd have to go contract by contract to fix it. Okay, like, so where else would it need to go?

Matthias Miller  1:06:09
I mean, if, if it's always going to be live updating, then the only thing would be, if you want to increase the the fee can then you can have people dispute it contractually, saying, Yeah, but I didn't sign a contract on that. On a I signed a contract on a percent and a quarter, not a percent and a half. And

Unknown Speaker  1:06:26
that's kind of your problem. Mr. RTO company,

Matthias Miller  1:06:31
okay, so then on the payment record.

Speaker 1  1:06:35
I mean, otherwise, we're gonna have to give some fancy method of going and updating contract records. I

Unknown Speaker  1:06:44
to change convenience fees,

Matthias Miller  1:06:47
then it turn turns into you

Speaker 1  1:06:49
could have on the on it, okay, in theory, if you want to change your convenience fee, you'd be going to the contract definite definition to do so. You could have some sort of button there that runs an import that says, update all active contracts that match this definition. That would be the other way to do it if you wanted to store it on the contract.

Matthias Miller  1:07:15
Well, I mean, the only thing I'm assuming that if you decrease convenience fees like you can't you you calculate based on the contract and the definition, and you charge the lower of the two fees.

Speaker 1  1:07:30
Um, oh, you're saying that way. So we would initially store it, but always reference over to the definition.

Matthias Miller  1:07:34
And if you turn it off, in either if it's turned off, you need to, I mean, if the if it's turned off, then effectively the max fee of zero. So you don't charge it anymore,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:47
but

Matthias Miller  1:07:52
you store the convenience fee as of the time of contract. Now this is taking very analytically from a very strict legal perspective, if you say, if the contract states that this is a convenience fee, and you guys just choose not, if I'm not going to be mad if you don't charge me, I'm going to be mad if you increase the rate from on me.

Speaker 1  1:08:12
So that's what I'm saying, is like initially, if we stored it on the contract and then we give, we give away to run an import and update, like, if you're dropping your convenience fee to something lower. No, nobody's going to care. No, cut. Just going to come up one day and sue me for for lowering their rates. They only are going to sue me for increasing their rates. So if we had, you know, if we started on the contract record,

Matthias Miller  1:08:38
why would we just give an option to to lower rates on contracts.

Speaker 1  1:08:49
Okay, come up with an elegant solution. I'm not this is, this is under the hood, stuff that I don't know, that I really care about. I want to be able to update I want the company to be able to update their convenience fee. So whether, whether you keep it, whether it's live on the contract definition, that's where you reference, or you're stored on the

Matthias Miller  1:09:07
if you're happy with life, I don't care.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:14
I don't know which is easier.

Matthias Miller  1:09:18
It's not easier. It's do you need to support a do you need to support? It seems to me like you theoretically may need to support raising convenience fee rates

Unknown Speaker  1:09:33
or lowering them,

Matthias Miller  1:09:35
or lowering them. Raising them, you can only raise them going forward on new contracts,

Speaker 1  1:09:44
then you would have to sit, you would have to have that documented there, in some fashion, is that, if and maybe it is, there's some documentation right below the big warning message that says, lowering. Of rates will affect all contracts. Increasing of rates will only affect new contracts. Is that an acceptable? No, it's not really acceptable, because there might be that most likely.

Speaker 1  1:10:21
So, okay, if I was to ask for this on the assist side, what I would tell you is that we store it on the contract record, and then if I wanted to go change them, I would probably go write some editable report and just adjust them all. But, like, we can't expect that out of most RTO companies. So if a company, we have to have an elegant way to do this.

Matthias Miller  1:10:46
Okay? So then you have, basically, you have a button that says, changing convenience fees will not update existing contracts. And then have a button to update all contracts, and then a warning message, warning this will change all future payments for for all con all contracts that you update, all linked contacts to Use, the data, convenience fees,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:38
future payments for all winter. So what would you say for all active contracts?

Speaker 1  1:12:00
Yeah, and that would just run an X 30 that would go and push the new, the two into all active contracts. Yep, yep. I like it. I like it a lot. That way, that way a company can decide to say, look, we this was in our contracts. We can't update historical contracts, but we wanted all new contracts

Matthias Miller  1:12:20
going forward. Going forward, yeah, I mean, if we, if we suddenly can charge a percent and a half, let's do it all. New contracts for sure. Okay, so now the payment record, we need a convenience fee, optional convenience fee, I

Speaker 1  1:12:46
do we want to? Do we want to, do you want to reflect the dollar amount? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:12:50
a convenience fee with the dollar amount. Yeah. I

Matthias Miller  1:13:09
should it be read only? It could be editable. You could you could waive the convenience fee.

Speaker 1  1:13:14
It is editable. Yep, 100% and then we'll put some documentation in the in the wiki that says convenience fees, credit card convenience fees. And there's a whole documentation on on how it works and how to get it turned on. And here's the here's the form you'll have to sign and send to us and agree that you will not hold the only RTO software liable in the event that you screwed up and charged a convenience fee and you were being sued Exactly. We know you're not that dumb. Okay, Do not tempt me to put stuff like that in my documentation. It's just like, Check here if you are dumb enough to turn convenience fees on,

Matthias Miller  1:14:04
well, we'll just have to translate all that stuff in the words of my high school classmates. It just sounds better in the original German.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:15
Sounds better in French.

Matthias Miller  1:14:17
In French we put in Bonnie land, nobody would be able to read it. That's so they paste it into chat, TPT, and it was like, What's this?

Unknown Speaker  1:14:27
Oh, man, that's funny. Okay, good with that. You're good with all of

Matthias Miller  1:14:34
that. Yeah, I like it. It's simple, clean, easy, yeah. And it

Speaker 1  1:14:39
removes all responsibility from the, from the, from the RTO company, or the RTO software company,

Matthias Miller  1:14:44
exactly, and then you've got stuff on file. Should you ever get you know, all the court know, your state's

Unknown Speaker  1:14:56
a lot restrictions. I.

Matthias Miller  1:15:04
Okay, so where do

Speaker 1  1:15:08
we want to go? For me, if you want to, if you want to deal with other fees, we can deal with other fees.

Matthias Miller  1:15:14
How do we want to deal with other fees?

Speaker 1  1:15:17
So other fees needs to be an RG with a bunch of types to it, and the dollar value percentage, blah, blah, blah, it's, it's really the same as some of the other stuff. And I don't know how you want to handle this during contract entry, but you should be able to allow to select these fees and add them to the to the contract entry.

Matthias Miller  1:15:31
Okay, so, but I

Matthias Miller  1:15:40
think on the contract record what We might want to

Matthias Miller  1:15:52
do so we broke it. I

Matthias Miller  1:16:06
um, so you would, I think we need an RG of incurred fees, basically. Do you want

Speaker 1  1:16:22
to talk about this? Record, or for the contract from the contract record? Is this definition record? Is this contract record? Well, is it definition level? It's definition level. Okay, and a lot of these fees are either, I um,

Speaker 1  1:16:46
you know, this is a little bit tricky, because it's something in the case of a delivery fee or a redelivery fee is allowable to charge if it's been stated in the contract, but it would be something that you would be able to apply at the point of payment, or turn it into some type of contract record of its own, or something. Now, okay, let me back up. There are going to be times when you're going to want to be able to assign something like a redelivery fee into on that nobody it's on that contract. Maybe it is, maybe it is this simple. Maybe it really is this simple. We have a column on the where would we store it?

Matthias Miller  1:17:38
Okay, are all these fixed rates, delivery fee, redelivery fee, stuff like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:45
Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:17:47
so why wouldn't we, on the contract definition, have a default list of rates, the NSF you ever dropped it down a fee, fee type and fee amount. NSF fee, $35 delivery fee, this much, $100 redelivery fee, $1,000

Speaker 1  1:18:04
as long as the the the other fees section needs to have a little warning box above it. It says, these fees must be contracted, must be in your contract. For the most part. Every state requires that. Now I think we just want to do we want to put that there? I guess that's really not our problem. It really isn't. Yes, I'm fine with that. We can have an RG of other fees, NSF fees, redelivery fees, delivery fees, processing fee. Those will be the ones we ship with, and have the ability to add others,

Matthias Miller  1:18:43
right? The

Speaker 1  1:18:45
question that I'm not sure it's how we're going to use them. So, so processing fee is used at the point of contract entry the state of Illinois. Is it Illinois? Is it Kentucky? I don't remember. Which allows for a processing fee of $35 only once at the point of processing the contract, and it just goes into the payment history. It's not allowed to be used again, but things like a redelivery fee need to be have the ability to be assigned on as an item to pay that needs to come up in your next payment record. So I'm not sure how you want to do that.

Matthias Miller  1:19:26
So if we, I wonder if we could have a, this is almost getting a little obnoxious, but we could almost have a rental fee. Definition, okay, I and we talked about having damage waiver and late fee, and we could have these other fee types, and on the definition, you could say, well, this thing, or maybe it's just hard coded somewhere.

Speaker 1  1:19:54
Okay, now hold on a second. So, so can we? Can we treat them like mini contracts? Then, yeah. Because they really are kind of like mini contracts, like for, okay, in the case of an NSF. So the way that RTO pro handles is it's like a mini contract that you actually go create an NSF record that shows up like a contract for that customer. The same thing with like a redelivery fee, or some of these other fees they could we could treat them like Mini contracts. Hold on one Second. This is Dwayne Do

Matthias Miller  1:25:18
I mean, why can't we just add new fee types to the fees. RG, um,

Speaker 1  1:25:26
sorry, that was always makes me nervous when I supposedly get a credit card fraud call. It's like this person claims to be from a credit card company, Mike, one of my credit card companies, saying that there's fraud in it, and they want to talk to the actual account holder. And so I quickly turn around and call Leanne and say, um, beware, yikes. You just, you just never know with some of these things anymore. It's like whether you're actually talking to someone who actually is from the credit card company or not,

Matthias Miller  1:26:01
I just got a confirmation from Apple notification saying that my order has shipped and it's going to be arrived on August 11, and I did not place an order.

Speaker 1  1:26:12
Yeah, I got one recently, supposedly from PayPal, that my order was was processed and it was for, like, it was, like, a handgun. And so I'm, like, flying into my PayPal account to see if, now there's nothing there. It's like, Yeah, but Okay, back to this.

Matthias Miller  1:26:35
Like, could we just add additional fee types? I think we talked about having NSF fee,

Speaker 1  1:26:44
and this was, you're, you're going to the back to the contract definition again, yeah, okay. The only, the only thing I'm a little bit nervous about is that, as I said, there was a follow up call about the previous fraud charges back. Okay, good. The only thing I'm a little bit nervous about is that that we that these can be used as on how we use them. I'm fine if we want to do it this way. Just Just know that we need to be able to use them like they need to be able to apply it onto a customer's account and need to be paid like they're, like they're a contract and so And it'd be documented as such, and so on and so forth. So Well, I mean, I

Matthias Miller  1:27:29
think, I think what I mean, what I would say, is, you have an RG on the contract that's that says fees incurred with a date fee, type and amount, and in, in the contract and the payment record, you would show other fees, and then the payment details, you could see specifically what other fees are included in that. And it would just be based on the due date range whether it gets included in that.

Speaker 1  1:27:58
Okay, let me. Let me pose a scenario. You tell me how you would do this. So we repo a building. The customer pays up, and we want to now charge them a redelivery fee. How do you activate that redelivery fee on their account?

Matthias Miller  1:28:16
Go to the account. You hit the fees. You add the fee, redelivery fee, date defaults the amount which is from the contract. You hit Save.

Speaker 1  1:28:25
And then, then the next time I go to make a payment that would show up as a line item to pay your

Matthias Miller  1:28:30
total due goes from 500 to 800 and it has an other column, and it says, Has your redelivery fee in the other column. And then you click the ellipsis button for view payment details, and it shows, instead of just showing other fees, it shows redelivery fee, $500

Speaker 1  1:28:50
so this would show up. This would show up on on, like, in the row for the contract, as something

Matthias Miller  1:28:58
that just Okay, other

Speaker 1  1:29:01
fees. I don't know that we can treat NSF fees this way, because NSF fees will have a $1 value. Will have both the fee plus the dollar value of whatever check that was returned. And so that still needs to be paid. So we still need to talk through how NSF fees are done. That being said, if you create an NSF on the customer's account, we can pick up the fee from from the contract record. That's fine, but that's, that's the bit. That's the big one that I don't, I don't want to, I don't want to kind of get mixed up with something like a redelivery fee or something else like that, because a redelivery fee is one of these things with get that gets slapped into the regular contract itself. NSFs are really a standalone item,

Matthias Miller  1:29:47
right? So you may still want to handle NSF fees independently, is what

Unknown Speaker  1:29:50
you said, potentially. I think that's

Matthias Miller  1:29:53
split reading, delivery,

Speaker 1  1:29:55
redelivery, all of those. Types of things, like when you, if we handle them that way, as a fee that's attached to that particular contract. So then, when you are doing new contract entry, the processing fee could be selected as a fee that gets included as your as you're running through the process,

Matthias Miller  1:30:16
right? Okay, so, so would you ship with these additional items, delivery fee, delivery fee, processing fee, trying

Speaker 1  1:30:30
to think if there's any others that I've come across, let's go look pull up the pull up the New York contract in assist. Because that's one of those that has a bunch of documentation on other fees, total payments, number of payments, rental period, each payment. I thought that was in that section, installation. Okay, what would Oh, there was a list there. Redelivery, re install. What is it? What is it? What's the list? Other charges,

Matthias Miller  1:31:04
repossession, okay, late, NSF, repossession, redelivery, reinstallation.

Speaker 1  1:31:13
Yeah, so pick up that list. And some of these are going to be somewhat redundant to each other, but it's, it's kind of a little bit like what you what you're putting into your contract

Matthias Miller  1:31:30
something like this, yeah, are we

Speaker 1  1:31:35
going to try and include that in with Damage Waiver fee and late fee that whole RG,

Matthias Miller  1:31:39
well, that's what

Speaker 1  1:31:40
I was wondering, could we so some of the, some of the other

Matthias Miller  1:31:45
for payment or percentage, go ahead,

Speaker 1  1:31:49
I don't think they're usually percentages. They're usually pretty much flat rates. I mean, I guess you could give the you could give that, I guess it's they

Matthias Miller  1:32:06
know so tied to a payment, though it's an event, It's a contract event, yeah?

Speaker 1  1:32:22
So all the other options that we have as options for like Damage Waiver fee and late fee, those are pretty much. There's no Mac mins and maxes for this thing. It's just $1 value. So it's basically define the fee, and the dollar fee value field is the only option. Everything else be grayed out. Is that what you're thinking? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:32:40
yeah, that's fair.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:43
I'm good with that.

Matthias Miller  1:32:48
I guess I'm a little waffling between whether it, do you really want to throw it all in one? RG, I mean, they're all this tax I mean, does taxability vary?

Unknown Speaker  1:33:02
Oh, yeah, it definitely varies.

Matthias Miller  1:33:04
Okay, so, I mean, yeah, so we would have, what if we just have a per on the method. It's not a per payment. I

Matthias Miller  1:33:35
What if we have a method, a method which is just, I,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:52
wait, we don't let me already deal with this. Oh, no, no, you're right, you're right, you're right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, yeah, I mean, you

Matthias Miller  1:34:02
could call this method a flat rate and a percentage rate, percentage rate only being,

Speaker 1  1:34:13
okay, this is a little bit confusing to include one time fees along with reoccurring fees, because everything Damage Waiver fee and late fees, those are either reoccurring or semi reoccurring items. All the rest are single fees. I'm a little bit afraid about it being confusing if we, if we lump those together, I don't

Unknown Speaker  1:34:53
know if I'd call them one time. Fee, yeah. I mean, what have you got?

Matthias Miller  1:34:55
What do you call them?

Speaker 1  1:34:59
I. Want to, let's just call, just call them other fees. Let's just call it other fees.

Matthias Miller  1:35:08
So the other fee, you have the dollar amount, it's

Speaker 1  1:35:13
just your type and your dollar amount. That's it, tax options. Oh, yeah, sorry. I and

Matthias Miller  1:35:30
you don't want to throw in it. NSF doesn't really go in here.

Speaker 1  1:35:33
Okay? NSF could be thrown in with these other fees. It's just, but it's probably

Matthias Miller  1:35:37
gonna get handled differently. I don't know. I

Speaker 2  1:35:40
I mean,

Speaker 1  1:35:43
it makes a lot of sense to carry it right there with your other fees. We'll just have to reference that on the contract. Whenever we however we handle let's, let's, let's include NSF fee here in the other fees. We're just going to have to make sure that we handle it correct, like we reference this RG whenever we figure out how we're going to do NSFs,

Matthias Miller  1:36:04
an NSF fee actually belongs up here to recurring fee, like a late fee.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:12
It's more like you could make that argument.

Matthias Miller  1:36:16
These are like,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:20
but it's, but it's not. It's not, no, it's

Matthias Miller  1:36:23
a, why not? It's per payment. It's based on per payment, dollar, dollar amount,

Speaker 1  1:36:30
yes and no, because it's, it's, it's a historic payment event that that got that was, there was no money for now, I don't like putting it up there in the reoccurring in rental fees. I don't like it either. We handle it separately. We put it in with other fees. That's my opinion.

Matthias Miller  1:37:00
Is it ever taxable?

Unknown Speaker  1:37:04
Ooh, good question. I

Speaker 1  1:37:26
no us. States impose a specific sales tax on non sufficient funds charged by banks. NSF fees are considered penalties for insufficient account funds no not taxable services or goods. However, for businesses, NSS may be deductible as ordinary business expense, not as taxes paid. Always, consulting tax professional doesn't look like it.

Matthias Miller  1:38:01
It I think since it applies to the payment, you want to

Speaker 1  1:38:07
handle it separately. I want to handle it separately.

Matthias Miller  1:38:12
Fine, that's my instinct. But

Unknown Speaker  1:38:15
I'm fine with that. Fine, fine.

Matthias Miller  1:38:19
Okay, so then, does it sound right that we add these additional fees that on the on the contract definition we have in other fees? RG,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:33
okay, yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:38
What time are you? What time are you? Where were you running to?

Matthias Miller  1:38:41
We can run however long I I have

Unknown Speaker  1:38:45
done at, let me message Leanne and see if she's coming here.

Speaker 1  1:38:59
Are you coming here for same page meeting, or am I meeting you at the house? Question mark? I meet her at the house. I may need to leave in about 10 minutes if she's coming here. Then we have to whenever she gets here.

Matthias Miller  1:39:14
Okay, well, I've got assist stuff that I could probably do if we're gonna get good stopping point Tracy's feats in the contract. Let's also add an other fees, RG, to the contract that lets people enter in. These fees require to do permissions, some big permission to edit the fee amount. These need to show up on the payments, on the payment record as an other fees in the RG, and then detailed out in the details memo. Read Only memo, okay. D should be paid after Do you pay? You pay dwf rental late and other

Speaker 1  1:40:11
it would be considered the same as a late fee from a from a level. So dwf rent, and then it's optional, whether you're paying late fees or the the other fee.

Matthias Miller  1:40:25
But does it? People don't need control over which one they're paying. Do they, um,

Speaker 1  1:40:37
what I would, again, like I said, I would treat it like a like a late fee. It's editable in the payment screen, and you can choose whether you're paying that or late fee, or whatever. Yeah. In other words, if you don't pay it in this payment, it's going to just keep carrying until you do,

Matthias Miller  1:40:54
but you don't get to decide the editability of the late fee. And the payment is probably more like a late fee override, saying we're waiving the late fee. In this case, not maybe, maybe we need to talk about that more. So you

Unknown Speaker  1:41:07
are just going to straight up leave it editable.

Matthias Miller  1:41:16
Okay, if I have, if I, if I, if I could do it my way, then if you pay dwf and you pay rental fees, then the next dollar goes to late fees until those are caught up, and after that, it goes to other fees until those are caught up.

Speaker 1  1:41:33
Oh, you know what? You know, what you know what. Okay, this is a little bit more complicated than I was thinking. So late fees. Late fees need to be somewhat stored. So in other words, you can negate it for this payment. In other words, but then if you negate it for this payment, it carries on to the next payment until, until you either one, you go and remove it from the account, or two you pay it. And the same thing would be true for any of these other fees, like they're stored and if you like, if they need to be removed, you need to have somewhere to go and remove them, if you're if you're completely negating them, if you're forgiving them. But otherwise, if you negate it from this payment, and so from the payment screen, those should always be editable if you decided to clear those out and run a payment like the late fee doesn't go away, that the other fee doesn't go away. It carries on into your next payment. I can

Matthias Miller  1:42:29
pay three months worth,

Speaker 1  1:42:34
and not and not pay the late fee, yes, but it's the late fee doesn't go away. You just it's still there, unless you there is some like, I don't know how you want to store these, but and how you want to be able to edit them, but they they do need to be able to carry if you don't pay with for them in a particular payment.

Matthias Miller  1:42:58
And so the next payment, does it show as, do you show as having a a April 30 payment with a fight with zero balance except for the late fee? Or does it show as a July 31 payment with a $20 late fee?

Speaker 1  1:43:16
The first one would be better. In other words, it was assigned to that particular payment because, because, what's what tends to happen in the RTO world is you don't pay the late fee. Okay, I'll pay the late fee on the next payment. So then come around, why is there a late fee on this payment? Well, you well, then the the person, the customer service rep needs just magically know that they didn't pay it the last time around, right? Usually see that through my through, through payment history, etc. But it would be nice is if, if you don't fees, and late fees are assigned to a period, which means if you don't pay them from that period, the period stays there until you pay it. You might not have any damage, maybe for your rent anymore for that period, but that period still had a still has a late fee up there, like you got to deal with it. That would be kind of cool.

Matthias Miller  1:44:06
Sounds like that's going to be necessary.

Speaker 1  1:44:12
And simultaneously, you need to also have a way to say we are completely destroying this late fee. It's like, we're not doing it. It's being deleted from the account.

Matthias Miller  1:44:26
But you want an auto trail of that. Most likely, you don't actually want to delete the late fee. You want to maybe change the amount to zero at a minimum. So you can see there used to be a late fee here, but it's not anymore.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:46
That would be cool,

Matthias Miller  1:44:48
or you, I mean, or you could potentially have a fee adjustment where you just add a new row, tie it to that period and say, you know, reverse late fee of well, actually, isn't that more accurate from an accounting. Perspective. Technically, the late fee becomes a liability, and at the point that you decide where I where it's a loss,

Speaker 1  1:45:07
you're fair. That's so fair this, I don't know how to think about this. So I know how I want it to be. I know how I want functionally, this stuff to work. I don't know how to for under the hood, dude, I'm out of my depth. I'm trying to to you're gonna have to tell me how to do this.

Matthias Miller  1:45:26
I think what I would do is, is, if you want to reverse it, you basically add a new row with the fee type and a and a, what's the what is the payment date, what's fee type, and create a reverse, reversing entry of the amount and you have an effective date, something like that.

Speaker 1  1:45:54
Okay, so Leanne says that I need to come home and pick her up, so I need to drop off, I would say on handling these things, um, put together something and explain it to me on our next call tomorrow. Okay, might

Matthias Miller  1:46:09
not be able to do that before then, but we'll see. That's fine.

Speaker 1  1:46:11
That's fine. Awesome. Thank you, sir. Hey, I feel like we I feel like we accomplished something. I think we kicked some things out the door.

Matthias Miller  1:46:17
I do. I feel like we're making good progress. Wait, good. Thank you, sir, thank you, yep, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai