Unknown Speaker  02:21
Hey, how are ya?

Matthias Miller  02:25
I'm doing well. Are you doing?

Speaker 1  02:28
Good? You see, we could like, go go go. How did you? What were your thoughts after this morning's conversation with Cory and I, and just kind of after the announcement and the the post announced feedback?

Matthias Miller  02:45
Well, one of my thoughts was, I don't think that being in a company that values change and growth is ever easy. For sure. So I think it comes at a cost. I think it comes at a cost. What, and I don't even know that being that kind of a person is easy. I think you do have to end up choosing which cost you're going to pay, that I think it is a better cost to pay, but there's gonna be things to navigate, there's going to be conversations that need to be had, there's gonna be mistakes that are going to happen.

Speaker 1  03:33
It just comes with the territory, right, like you're choosing one challenge over another challenge.

Matthias Miller  03:39
Absolutely. Yes.

Speaker 1  03:42
I think it's amazing that the company honestly, like, the little time I've been with y'all is so willing to tackle those kinds of changes. That's just not normal. I mean, it's not, it's just not human nature to want to change anyways, and just that they're so hungry to adapt and grow is really interesting. I really respect the weight of the decision making for Michael and gave yourself included in those leadership meetings. But just like the gathering feedback is one thing. And it helped me guide your business decisions in the principles which you hold as that's, that's a whole other ballgame. And that's, I've seen them do nothing but that since I've started, which is amazing. Like since the Online team became foreign, it seems like they've done nothing but take feedback and make decisions that align with the feedback which is really interesting. Is that what you've observed in working with the company and just I know they lean on you for advising and technology component and so much more, but they just seem very willing to move make dynamic changes.

Matthias Miller  05:02
Yes. The the only time I've ever seen them? Well, I mean, there have been times you disagreed. And, you know, you work through you come to you come to an agreement. I think that's kind of the point of disagreement. the only the only time we ever really bumped up against something comes down to kind of the religious and community guidelines that those those are things that we can really adjust or change. But yes, that has very much been my pretty much been my experience. And I know you haven't had much of a chance to interact with gay but there's there is a good bit of this that is Gabes leadership. Yeah, Vision leadership, masterminding. So he's a very, he's a very, he's a very intriguing and very gifted individual in my, in my opinion. So I think limitations. But

Speaker 1  06:12
as I've only spoken to a handful of times, it's usually Michael, I mean, every day it's Michael. So you know, my experience with Gabe is kind of like pseudo my experience with Michael brothers and I'm like, okay, Piper I operate similarly, but with different temperaments, but it's really neat. He definitely seems like the visionary the two, Michael seems more like an operations execution kind of guy. So I think what I want to talk about for, you know, it doesn't have to be 30 minutes, but I think I just wanted to make sure I understand. Let me preface with this. I'm all for walking into unknowns, and putting one foot in front of the other. That is, I personally get very excited about that. The entrepreneurial spirit behind this change, just excites the heck out of me, because I see so much potential. And that's the kind of company I want to be a part of, to be completely frank. So that kind of stuff. And you know, if you have any questions I ask if you just say, they don't know, because we haven't been there yet. That is, I'm not going to be like freaked out by that whatsoever. But my hope in talking with you is that maybe you have had some of these conversations already with Michael and Gabe. And I'm just trying to gauge the temperature of overall growth and how I fit into the puzzle. Also preface with love what I'm doing, I'm really starting to feel at home with the daily routine of you know, working in assist, and working with customers and the knowledge base with the sheds seem to really click prior in December, just it just seemed to flow better. So my goal in my career has always been to just be a second in command. team player, I hate being the, you know, main El Capitan, I hate it, I don't do well, in that environment. I'm much better as like a player coach. So overall, just so you know, that's kind of the foundation of what I'm hoping for in my growth here is that player, coach type of role. And I just wanted to hear from you what your thoughts were. And, you know, even criticisms, if you feel like there's areas of growth that I need to really focus in on in order to become a better coach or become a better year coach. I want to start notating that, so I'm more intentional about it instead of the days just flying by and not really like scaling and

Matthias Miller  08:43
growing. Yep. There you go. So your question is, how does this change affect your overall goals?

Speaker 1  08:53
Yeah, basically, like, I want to make sure I'm shooting for the right targets. Well,

Matthias Miller  08:58
I mean, one of the questions, specific questions that might be easier to answer as a starting point, was your question yesterday. You know, is there a growth opportunity here? Or does this? Does this preclude growth? Opportunity? Well, one of the worst things for your career goal might be actually if the team is wildly successful. And if this team averages 3x their goals? Yes, then we've maxed out two point capacity. So now where do we go? Well, there's Indiana. The question is Indiana is a different market. We're having some trouble breaking into there between ads management and there's some other issues that have arisen that have me a little baffled. So, so that's not an immediate turn.

Matthias Miller  10:03
So Well, what happens when Indiana and North Carolina are maxed out? Well, we're going to talk off the record hypotheticals. So, but so what are off the record hypotheticals? Well, number one, Ohio might say, Well, we actually really liked what you guys are doing. Let's jump in and let's, let's all go in this thing together. And in terms of sales numbers, Ohio is number one, North Carolina. And region, it's number two, Indiana is number three. Hypothetical number two is Gabe doesn't want to run, start at more shops. But maybe there's an interest in some kind of licensing for assist. Licensing for you know, whatever. Let's go find Amish in Pennsylvania. And let's go if Gabe and his crew don't want to run it, let's go figure out who should run it. And let's go expand into Pennsylvania. And if it's Pennsylvania, then it's New York, possibly. And or it's Kentucky and Tennessee are some fairly clear next potential places. Colorado's an option, you know, let's go find some additional regions where we can scale up. And, and okay, so that's, you know, that's, that's okay. I forget where it was that hypothetical number two, hypothetical number three is we haven't even really begun to tap into the tiny, tiny home market. A lot of these are more by I mean, there's some there's some reasons for this. But okay, so we are capturing people on the front end who are searching for tiny homes and livable sheds. But as far as positioning ourselves as tiny home shelves, it's it's really not positioning ourselves as a shed company. So that is another area of growth potential. Hypothetical number four. Okay, biggest limitation in in North Carolina, Carolina right now, it really comes down to manufacturing capacity. Because we're looking, looking at Amish manufacturers. I mean, it's easier to go to, to Pennsylvania, for example, where you've got how many people who'd be you've got a lot of that production capacity. North Carolina is not. Does doesn't have a big Amish doesn't have big Amish communities.

Matthias Miller  13:11
So that's barely one to include hypothetical number five is? Well, there's some there's an adjacent business. Okay. Another adjacent business pole barns. I think the pole barn we had a lengthy discussion about that on with Eric, I think it's, I think it's different enough from sheds that it needs to be probably built out with a separate team. It's its own its own market. But it's quite likely that, you know, if if they do decide to go that if we get it to production capacity, it's possible at least, this is all hypothetical, it's possible that we could take a look at going into pole barns and grabbing somebody from the Online team and saying, Hey, let's go spin up this pole barn thing, let's figure out, the first step is let's go get my mike out quoting jobs. Second of all, let's get him teaching somebody else how to do it, then let's max out that person. Step two is let's go find a second person that can help sell these. And, you know, to be honest, though, with the ticket size, are you really going to be able to run a five person team selling pool buildings in North Carolina? You know, it's probably not. So it may just be one, one person that we're looking to one or two people at most that we're looking to put on that. But again, the same geographic expansion could be possible there as well. pathetical number I lost count is rule forming. Now, that's, does that work with online sales? If that seems like a little bit of a leap, like, based on conversations, instinct seems like the fastest way to grow that is go put somebody in a truck and go talk to contractors. And go secure business that way. But it is another second avenue of expansion. And because rollforming is much less labor, it rollforming is I don't know how familiar you are with the business, but it's ridiculously capital intensive. The, you know, the breaks and all the other things that go into it. But the advantage is that there's much less hammer swinging. And so I think this is my current understanding. And it's only, you know, I'm only as deep as as I am. But in terms of scalability relative to human capital.

Matthias Miller  16:06
I think it's, I don't know exactly how it compares to, it might be higher than building ships, but I don't know. I'm not sure though.

Matthias Miller  16:24
Well, what happens if you're tired of being on the front end customer facing site? Don't think it's beyond saying that there wouldn't be other avenues and directions within? Within truepoint? Where, anyway, go ahead?

Speaker 1  16:43
No, I was gonna say there, to me, there's an element of working in the business and working on business into me working in business is the client facing side, right? It's, it's the actual generation of leads and sales, working on the business is more so where I've always lent or where I see the potential for growth, so that the scale becomes smoother. And that's where I was like to be able to grow in for more. So one of the thoughts that I have had, you know, I still feel like Cory and I are just constantly testing constantly testing, like, everything is testing, it's like test, learn, test, learn, test, learn. But as we start to refine something, and it becomes like, oh, this works, let's keep doing that. Then there becomes the element of work on the business and make that better. And so those are areas that interest me for future growth, from a leadership perspective is gathering that information from teammates, really solidifying that type of data, documenting it and just being able to scale scale scale. So I know that you have carried the brunt of all of that work, as we've gotten off the ground here, building out the wiki articles, and tackling all the HR stuff and doing all of the things that are working on the business, so that you know, your hardest work in the business. But as we bring in more people that are working in the business, I want to make sure that you know that that skill set and that lien is always one that interests me, I like to have my foot in the door in the business, because it gives you a great pulse on what is it? What is the client experience, like? You've even alluded to that at times, you're like, if I just had enough time to like get on the phone, I would totally have more of that pulse. Right. And, you know, that's not expected ever, because there's a zillion other things that you have to do. But if you still have somebody who's halfway in the business, but also on the business, that's something that I want to make sure to keep an ear to the ground for opportunities for as you guys are growing. And I just felt like it was important to verbalize that because we are a remote team. And because if you're not in the meeting and sitting at the table, you can always raise your hand and be like, I'll do that, like I know how to do that, or I have experienced in that area. So that was a big part of me just following up with you as the team is growing. It's just to make sure I keep raising my hand, you know, and saying like, Hey, we gotta grow on this as well as in this.

Matthias Miller  19:11
Yes. And I think, you know, one of the one of the things, I'm not always sure exactly how to pick myself and label myself and I mean, we're even as even, you know, it's kind of a consulting role. I wear so many hats. One of the one of the keystones, of what I've done, you know, just pulling ourselves out of truepoint. Going back on the software side, we have I forget at last count 40 to 60,000 words of templates, SOPs processes for how to build custom software. And you don't think of custom software is something that's systematic, but it is incredibly systematic. Yeah. And we found a pathway to make it that and we run an incredibly lean ship on the software side with in my estimate isn't a high level of quality? The business model by itself is a challenging business model. But as far as operationally, I think what we've done, yeah, I mean, it's it's always better to let other people formulate these opinions than yourself. But I think we have a standard of excellence that's, that rivals, a lot of companies that that are substantially larger. I, so why do I say all that? The reason being is that I love systems, I love repeatability. But honestly, it's some of those things of let's organize this information, let's get it documented. I've learned how to do it, because it needs to be done, and it makes my life easier. But based on, you know, we're just looking at kind of Colby index as a comparison, your natural proclivity to detail out things to organize things, to build repetition in the process, that's, that's much more innate to how you operate. So the, the constant push to, you know, the recent conversation with Tori, I didn't really check to see what check back to see what document on the wiki, but that whole push to centralize knowledge as much as as much as build build predictability into the processes. And, and at the same time, you know, one of the wildcards is getting one of the wildcards with the brick and mortar team is that not everybody thrives on predictability. And so we're gonna have to, I don't know these guys well enough, I know they're willing, they're at least willing to make this shift in compensation structure. But you know, one of the things that we'll be looking to do early on is kind of a, let's get to know each other to understand where our strengths lie. Let's figure out how to how to work this. So somewhere, there's this balance between let's document let's systematize looks great process. But let's also not, but those are always meant to be servants of people, not masters. And so let's, let's still allow people the freedom to be themselves in the process. So for sure,

Speaker 1  22:40
I started thinking about power of metrics more and more. And I would definitely love for our team to see more more metrics, and that'd be a part of our morning, huddles. Maybe it's not every day, but maybe it's the beginning of the week or something that lets us recap progress. As well as failure, whether we're succeeding or whether we're feeling just have transparency, I think that's really important. So any, anything I can do to help facilitate that or have it repaired that takes the burden off of any one person or we will share it where you know, I know Tory's chomping at the bit to to like, what can I do, like she's just so quick to say, like, I'll do it, you know, throw, we did refine the wiki documents that we wanted to, we kind of formatted a template of how we would like them to be organized. There were some user permissions we didn't have for like renaming things and moving certain things around. But we did make sure to build out an Excel sheet with all of the titles of how we want it to look. So it's like a table of contents. And we know that this is a sequential flow. When you walk in here for the first time you look at that page, you your eyes go to where they need to go, and you can find your material very easily. And it makes sense. So that was our primary discussion was like just let's just get an order for a semblance of order here and reorganize if necessary. So we did that. But we'll probably I'll have to ask you certain permissions to change things, or I'll just have to tell you exactly what you want to change.

Matthias Miller  24:11
So I think I'll need to add the categories for you. And then you can recategorize within those sounds. And then,

Speaker 1  24:21
yeah, so that's just kind of the heart of where I'm coming at it from is learning from the rest of the new teammates that are actually old teammates, because they predate Torina with truepoint. But I'm learning from them and from their skills, but also being able to just really, really want to see what we can do to focus on scale. I've been trying to keep track of metrics, my husband's in the manufacturing industry. So he's all about like, he actually suggested it to me, he's like, You should really think about the metrics of what you're doing throughout an entire day just to see where you can expedite things. And so that's been really top of mind for me. I'll take like times Don't buy calls from the very beginning of the contact to the very end. How many today was the average time? You know, what's the distribution of that time trying to figure those things out?

Matthias Miller  25:11
So, here's, here's what's about to happen. Okay? Cross your fingers, we're gonna be able to update assist tonight assist sidenote, we don't know if you're familiar with the terms beta and alpha and nightly builds in software. But yeah, we're basically running assist off of a nightly build. So literally, if and we do this just for speed of development, okay. And also, because Josh, who manages the project has a really tight, a really good finger on the pulse of what's going on in development when things are about to go wildly sideways, and we're doing things that make life essentially destabilize. Okay, so anyway, in addition to that, we do make some changes in the life system. And some of those things are, will be, will be more standardized in the future, but in the early stages, so that's why things break. If things go as planned, we'll be able to we'll, we'll do an update on Saturday, which will allow us a handful of things, number one. So number one, we'll be able to import sales message, text messages into assist, restricted and then push them over into communication records. Number two, we'll be able to import emails that are directed to a lead, only import ones that are communication to a lead, and then copy those onto a communication record. And what that's going to let us do is some of these some of this, we'll have to think through some of the restrictions on trying to respond and the thing that we're doing, oh, type type form responses to that doesn't really affect us here. Do the some of the

Speaker 1  27:05
campaign items get locked? In so

Matthias Miller  27:10
I'm not at this point.

Unknown Speaker  27:12
And that's redundant. But

Matthias Miller  27:17
at this point, it is we might in the future. So so the goal with this then is we can do this, okay. We're going to lock down access, probably going to lock down access to the text messages and phone calls, I don't know for sure. Maybe we'll open it up enough that people can can view their own metrics, or we'll just auto generate metrics on a weekly basis and email them out that probably is more likely what's going to happen. I don't know, I'm a little paranoid about just wide open opening those things up. But maybe I shouldn't be. But once we have that data in the system, then we can give you those reports. Yeah. When what time of day, do you have the most calls that are more than five minutes? Mm, which leads have you had calls for more than five minutes? Yep. And really, what I'm looking for then at that point is, what are the metrics that actually give us meaningful information? What I want to do then is, I don't mind I don't mind putting together the reports to pull the information out. But I think having having more than one head on what are the metrics that we need? And what's going to be useful as you know, I think that's, that's critical.

Speaker 1  28:38
Yep. Awesome. That's exciting, because those are the metrics I've been trying to pull manually just by tracking my own days just to figure out figured out what, what is this peak? When are these peak times? And it's difficult because it's five days out of the week. So there's even a float each day. And then you have you know, it can be somewhat anecdotal. I was kind of sick of it being anecdotal. Like I want to see the numbers I want to see when this is actually true. That yes, people on the phone or were not. So that's exciting to me, Matthias thank you for building that with the team that's that's gonna be sweet.

Matthias Miller  29:17
So, so what you can do is you know, once again, I do my best to stay on track and on target. I am notoriously distractible. And so I really do not mind the Hey, where's this at? What can we do? Expect to see this you know, it's probably going to be week or two. It will there's, you know, over this next week, we'll be rolling out some round robin changes. So that's, that's going to take some of my focus and then over the next you know, but hopefully over the next week or two, we can get some of those automations plugged in. We also need some of the automation for the brick and mortar and an online keeping them in sync That's something else. Good.

Unknown Speaker  30:04
No good. Something else.

Matthias Miller  30:06
Something else has been on the mind. I mean, there's there's literally I mean, there's I have a whole sheet of things that would be great to implement from Eric sock metrics being one of them. Goal setting. Goal setting cadence is something that's been on my mind quite a bit. So I want to get with you and Tori Torian. Let me jump in with this with you and Tori and do something like what's a personal goal that you guys, what's the goal? I want to start out the I know, we talked about his fancy metrics and stuff like that, but we don't actually know what metrics are, are useful, which ones are not. I think what I would like to do, before we do that, and I haven't even read this best Mike. So this probably has also kind of been whatever. But, but coming up with with personal goals that you have something that you're specifically wanting to put money towards, whether it's a family vacation for you guys, or whatever it is for Tory, whatever that is, or maybe it's just, we want to take two days off, and are willing to take a long weekend and fill in the blank. It doesn't have to be it can be monetary value. But however that is and be able to get in the cadence of defining those those goals and setting, you know, doing doing kind of personalized bonuses along those lines. just haven't had a chance to set up the cadence for that.

Speaker 1  31:42
Gotcha. Well, and to that point, I actually saw a message from Leanne. And she mentioned that she used the phrase l 10. leadership meeting, which I'm very familiar with in that EOS model of the leadership meetings that lead then lead into company goals that lead into individual goals that are done on a cyclical 30 days, 90 days basis, right. So I'm pretty sure for colder management must be using that as a process. And like, I have found that nothing but effective. Worked working at the broker dealer that was a part of how they organized the company overall. So upper management goals broken down into segmented goals for employees and knock out projects that fed the beast, essentially. So that's something that I wanted to stay in tune with you on on, you know, historian, I reorganizing the wiki helpful. Yeah, maybe, maybe not. Are there bigger goals that we can be contributing toward by fulfilling smaller goals outside of just selling a shotgun? That's, I think the question that I'm hoping to contribute more towards. And I don't need to say just selling a shed like it's a small thing. It's a huge part of what we're doing. But as far as in building it out, I want to make sure to keep my ear open for

Matthias Miller  33:02
those six. Yeah. All right. So macro scale. What's the big goal? 50 million $50 million worth of production? sold as retail? Yep. timeline for that? Well, I think I think we would all love to see that happen in 2020 23. thing, it's probably a bit crazy. But actually, that's not the entire goal. The entire goal is, is certainly 15 million with total costs, ideally at 10% or less total sales and marketing costs at 10% or less. So spending less than 1.5 million a year in in that that includes ad spend. I mean, yeah, ultimately, that's, that's ads management, you know, paying the media buyer paying, paying myself paying all of you guys and buying the actual clicks, buying the traffic. One of the biggest. So that's the end game. What do we need to do there to get there? Well, if you look at or at the flow, we've, we've got leads dialed in. So there's, there's a base marketing, there's base marketing cost, and then incremental scale from there where we can buy additional leads at you know, in Google, they're running, running about 100 bucks a week. And so, so there's scalability on the lead side. Although there's a lot of opportunity for optimizing on the marketing front as well, which is, let's go tell Google which ones again, let's get to talking about big projects. If we can track length of phone calls. Let's go for Find which clicks lead to a conversation to five minutes or more. And let's get more of the or to receiving a text or receiving an email. And from that, let's tell Google that we want more of those people. Before we even get to the sale. The other thing I have not the other big thing that I haven't really wrap my head around with this I don't understand. And I have some thoughts on but don't fully understand is the conversion rates on the online sales team is about a 10th of what Eric was suggesting is industry average. So why is that? Yeah. And I don't think it's just a single answer. I am curious to hear your okay. So one of the things I'm very confident in that is

Matthias Miller  36:06
likely to where we're likely getting in our own way, is that everything everything about the shed, and everything about how we run things here, screams apple, and iPod and all of that. And yet, we're still competing on price as if we were IKEA.

Speaker 1  36:40
Yeah, you're not going to? You're not rolling up to the Mercedes lot and looking for a Chevy.

Matthias Miller  36:50
Yeah. And so I am probably premature in saying this. And I might get myself in some kind of mess by saying this. But this is one of the conversations that needs to be had at a leadership level is which one, are we really, because it's going to change, it's going to change how we communicate our value to clients. It's going to change how we deal with pricing. And it's going to affect our actual pricing. I think Eric himself shared the anecdote that when he was no longer 10%, higher than the competition, he found it harder to close deals, because it was no longer defensible for are you better at the same price? Does it make sense? That's probably one of the scariest shifts to make.

Matthias Miller  37:55
Because the selling on price is a can be a band aid for lack of confidence.

Matthias Miller  38:11
anywhere at any level, from the from the buyer will buy on price because of lack of confidence. The sales will sell in price because of lack of confidence. Leadership will build a build a business model built on price because of lack of confidence. Yeah, they shouldn't. That's prices relative, it's the product that matters is the product that matters. And, and I mean, and and I think it really comes down to also, if if we're making this shift, we're gonna have to own the demographic. There are people who will not buy the cheapest thing and will only buy it sometimes will only buy it if it's inordinately expensive. And I'm not saying that's everyone, I don't know that the market is big enough to support that can you know across the board? Not so easy. When we go

Speaker 1  39:09
down to the growth point of the tiny home market, I think that's when we'll be able to really, really lean into that, because that's where the price does not matter. It's the quality of the building and it is the service provided through the purchase and delivery process. It's the product. So I think we'll build that name. Probably strongest when we head that direction fully and whether we create a division that's specifically designed to the cottage industry in general. That's not sheds. You know if there's a way of you may even have to do special training on the sales side where people are specializing, you know, one person in pole barns and one person in the cottages and 123 people on the sheds like so that they're getting that very perfectly high level of My experience and service in the whole gamut. So I agree with you in that area of I don't know if sheds will ever be that because their sheds. But I think that there's a potential when their whole barns and tiny houses are

Matthias Miller  40:16
there every other call.

Speaker 1  40:18
They're legitimately every other call, people looking for a tiny home, but they're not necessarily a qualified lead. But they're every other person. For sure. So and and whether that means it's a tiny house. There's just to your point, Eric has strong metrics, we don't make it measure up to those metrics. Why? Is it because we're missing our market, and we're pulling in the market that wants the tiny homes because of the way the pictures look, and the ads and the way it's worded. Maybe we are misaligned with what the markets asking for. Potentially, could be one of those variables. But I think that there's a very strong case to be made for a system that can crank out an amazing product for that particular target market and trying to triage those people better and try it. And I think that's a challenge that Taurian are trying to figure out is we're trying to triage just based upon the inquiry that comes in before they're even on the phone. Is this a shed? Or is this a tiny house, it's a completely different approach in the length of that lead, the dialogue that you use in that lead? The pictures you're providing them, and the information that they're asking is like, really different? So if I were to take all of our leads and say, well, we suck at the conversion, I would say, Well, we know, because we're converting on sheds, we're not converting on these tiny homebuyers.

Matthias Miller  41:49
Okay, is it

Speaker 1  41:53
the limitations that we mentioned in the warnings like, you know, it's a bunch of

Matthias Miller  41:56
stuff. So there's, so we're getting a high number of leads, make sure you get this right. A significant number of your losses are from tiny homebuyers who don't follow through.

Speaker 1  42:15
If I'm looking at the funnel, the widest part of the funnel where the leads come in, there's a significant number of leads that are for cabins and tiny homes. Those are the folks that as soon as they see the quote, they either disappear, because they have this ridiculous notion of how much one of those costs. And so it scares them away. Or they look at it and they go, Whoa, you don't do plumbing, Oh, you don't do all the other things that go along with a tiny home that I'm going to go with more house by route. So they drop significantly because there's other parameters in that person's mind. And in the planning process, the people that have sheds, tend to get a quote, they either hang with us because they legitimately want to purchase this. And then we go through the whole process with them. And we weed out the bottom eaters weed out the people that are just ordered on their computer. And then we get the shed buyers. But then the conversion with the shed buyers, to me seems to all revolve around either financing, or struggles with logistics on the buyers end. Those are like the two main things, your financing thing. I mean, I've lost three closed sales, three in January, just because of the RTO issues. Those are closed, those were sold. And those were big buildings. And it's like that's cutting us off at the knees. Unless that's just something we can't go down that route because legislatively we can't go down that route.

Matthias Miller  43:48
So that's also tying them losses. Well loss because people have unrealistic expectations of price loss because people are looking for plumbing, etc. Exactly.

Speaker 1  44:10
They get excited when they hear all electrical insulation and oh paneling. Awesome. Great. Do you do plumbing? You know, can you put in the toilet in the shower? And can you put a shower in you know that that kind of stuff where it's like almost done. What are the things that they want behind the walls?

Matthias Miller  44:29
So yeah. Okay, and then sheds are lost because

Speaker 1  44:39
logistics, financing issues. For sure. Just really bad credit. People have really bad credit. They just can't afford it. They're just reaching out but they can't afford it. Or, and we can't accommodate RTO for them because of better South Carolina or it's too high or they just want to 14 by 32 and they can't afford a sports. It's just the facts, or it's logistics on their end, it's always permitting and just moving the building onto their property. Some seems to be an issue. They think it comes in a kit, a lot of folks think it does not come prebuilt they think they're looking at a company that it would be assembled on their property. And that would avoid the logistics issues because there's no truck rolling in and clear it out trees, it's like they think they can get it in, then put it up. So these are probably the primary shed barriers

Matthias Miller  45:45
so what percentage of tiny home leads do you think you

Speaker 1  45:52
I've been trying to notate people see me it's it's tiny home, like in the title. And I stopped doing that, because it was just kind of talking me down when I was going through all the leads for a time. But um,

Matthias Miller  46:05
we could we can look at close rates, sales greater than, you know, greater than 10, less than 10, for example. No, I

Unknown Speaker  46:18
was just starting in our affirmation.

Speaker 1  46:28
So those are those are just observations. But if that's not hurt metrics, but those are observations that I think Victoria would agree with, I think they hold true. And, you know, she'd always say, you know, how do we crack that nut? Like, what's the

Matthias Miller  46:42
solution to crack that? So I was just messaging a media buyer to see what his thoughts are, we certainly can not mention tiny homes on our website. Great. But it might be possible for it might be possible to mention this on the type form, and likely would be possible without any repercussion.

Unknown Speaker  47:11
Just to kind of filter it out, help us filter

Matthias Miller  47:14
people to better.

Speaker 1  47:23
Yeah, and some of you. So I'm, I'm taking Eric's metrics with a grain of salt. Because while Eric did a lot of work online, he was also on a lot at the same time. So I am taking some of his projections with a little bit of caution, because so far, that hasn't been the case for our experience. I'm really excited to see what happens when we open up the floodgates with Marcus and Calvin and gender. Does that improve those metrics because of their buy in and that collaboration, that Eric, that's more representative to the model Eric came from. And also the market he was working with in the location. There's big money in Northeast Ohio, where they're building at New hos big money, they're like that full region is big money. I'm sure it's the same in Charlotte. But I don't know if that's the case in Southern Virginia. You know, I don't know if that's the case in northern South Carolina, it doesn't seem like those are, like you were talking about earlier. Like do we may we shouldn't be selling on price rake. It just depends on the market. So maybe his market had a deeper wall to pull from?

Matthias Miller  48:34
What if we could differentiate between I really think one very helpful insight here is we need to start thinking of tiny home leads and shed leads as two separate types of leads. I think, I think it's quite possible in the sheds, that we'll have to sell them on price. And if that's the case, then it is where it is.

Speaker 1  48:54
into those points of collaboration. A shed is on a lot. tiny home is not on a lot for at least, like do you really want the one on the lot when you can customize your own. You know, like I feel like there's a complete segregation that we could take sheds and sell this inventory that's existing because there's so much repetition there and then you have tiny homes which become a longer lead and also a more nuanced approach with you know how we invest in the customer that's investing in us and maybe that's where side really kicks into high gear with these tiny leads.

Matthias Miller  49:33
Right But yeah, that's that's a good point. And we could we could do lead distribution based off of that.

Speaker 1  49:42
I'm just throwing that out there as potential a lot. I have lost a good chunk of leads this January for folks that they read through our quotes, but I think they they just bought cheaper options that were close. sort of them. Like, they actually either drove fine a lot. No somebody in the area, it was more like the local guy beat out the premium online product is what it felt like for a lot of these folks that we got very, very close to closing deals with. And then they're just like now went somewhere else, like had quotes had DocuSign sent to them, and then all of a sudden was like, they're gone. So and that was sheds. So the concept of these collaboration with the lots is, was a huge part of why I got so excited when I read your message the other night, I'm like, Oh, this will be huge.

Matthias Miller  50:39
So digging deeper into grid,

Speaker 1  50:46
I have a hard stop here in about five minutes, I have folks coming to my house to pick up a few items I forgot. For sure. I'm finally giving away my baby cribs to help them load it in their car.

Matthias Miller  50:58
Cool. So in branding is going to be quite different from for tiny homes versus those local buyers. And I wonder what we can do this may actually be part of what's hurting Indiana conversion rates as well. Is the I want to feel like I want to I want to feel like I want to feel like I'm buying from the local guy. And and maybe it's telling

Speaker 1  51:32
that story. Matthias like, I know that was something I need to go back to my notes from Eric lesson. I took like 700 pages, I felt like just little tidbits here and there. But it was like, he really emphasized that he emphasized telling the story, right? I think we get we even get tremendous feedback from assist in or not assist active campaign on some of these preset emails from Gabe, like people think gave his talk to them. And the story is incredible. We can learn a little bit more on how to refine that will be exciting. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  52:08
One, one last thought I'll throw out there. One of the things on my list is on the thank you page, we're not doing any kind of pre sell before they got on the phone. And so setting expectations for you know, we work with local buyers we are with with local local builders, and you know, all of this stuff. Ya,

Speaker 1  52:28
good? Yep. Thank you. Thank you for providing the kind of the macro growth streams. And thanks for listening. I wanted to make sure to present that I'm trying to keep my ear to the ground in both arenas that work in your business and work on your business. And please tell me if you feel like there's an area that you can delegate that isn't going to, you know, compromise the amount of time that I need to be making sales and doing work but like if you see something that's spilling over the plate, I'm happy to learn it. Just like something simple, like throwing the emails together. Like the more the merrier.

Matthias Miller  53:07
Good. We'll do cool. All

Unknown Speaker  53:08
right. See you later. Awesome.

Matthias Miller  53:10
Yep, thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai