Matthias Miller  02:32
Good afternoon

Unknown Speaker  02:37
this is Michael Hi Michael

Unknown Speaker  03:35
Elvin and Wayne not on yet

Matthias Miller  03:38
they are not on yet nope

Matthias Miller  03:48
Do you know if the replay and beyond with the new lot

Unknown Speaker  03:57
they put in the new light in

Unknown Speaker  04:00
working Dwayne's day.

Matthias Miller  04:03
Dwayne's there this week's I don't I don't know what all

Unknown Speaker  04:08
about today's gonna hop off and give them a ring. I'll just give a quick break. Are they? Oh hang on

Unknown Speaker  04:23
Wait. Hey Wayne.

Matthias Miller  04:28
Mike just dropped a ring to see if y'all are coming so you should have 1000s also over

Unknown Speaker  04:37
here Wayne's office as well. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  05:00
are we dropping

Matthias Miller  05:14
your yeah we're sweating from my comeback all right

Matthias Miller  05:44
oh is all the setup going in Indiana

Unknown Speaker  05:52
What was that Matthias

Matthias Miller  05:54
how How's all this setup going in Indiana good

Speaker 1  05:59
seems to be going good especially at the sunshine

Speaker 1  06:09
yeah I'm definitely excited to have another lot has that up and running.

Matthias Miller  07:05
My

Speaker 2  07:09
left both of them a message both did not pick up, I assume both have not joined the call.

Matthias Miller  07:14
They They hopped on just as you were dropping off and just dismiss you got it? Okay.

Speaker 3  07:23
I might on the a are you doing? Good?

Unknown Speaker  07:31
How many shares is the new lot sold?

Unknown Speaker  07:34
are working on number five?

Unknown Speaker  07:39
Are you serious?

Speaker 1  07:41
No, we actually the other day when Dwayne and I were there. We actually had a guy stop in and we thought we just about had him but he hasn't returned. So I don't know.

Speaker 2  07:58
Good. I wouldn't say a combination between the two of you it would have had to take a pretty determined person to not buy.

Unknown Speaker  08:12
What's on the agenda today Messiah's? Well, I

Matthias Miller  08:21
probably the biggest question I've got has. Well, there's a few issues. Number one, lead flow for Indiana. I don't know that there's a lot to talk about. Separately did. I did discover earlier today. Well, let's let me go over some of the items lead flow for Indiana. LLC be interested in talking about lead lead flow for North Carolina. And I did not I wanted to take some time to put together put together an email regarding some of the discussions from last week, I did not have a chance to do that I would prefer to get some of that out on paper to give us something that we can work off of to take a take a look at. So those are the those are the main things that we've that I've got on on my list. So sorry, there's also one other item was kind of where we're at on the auto responder project where we wanted to go with that. As far as Indiana lead flow. Dwayne found this morning, Dwayne found, fortunately but somewhat embarrassingly found an issue with our tracking that was preventing people from being occasionally preventing people from being able to access the lead form and I did not go back to see How many times that has happened in the last. In the last it's been about a week and a half. That that was happening, it was it was sporadic, for sure. But that would have affected lead flow for, for both. From what I can tell for both North Carolina and Indiana in some situations, now, it didn't completely shut it off. But I would be surprised if it did not, would not have in some form or fashion impacted that.

Unknown Speaker  10:44
And

Matthias Miller  10:49
and so that's that. And then in addition, we've so that that may account, at least in part. So I'm going over the leads, these are the numbers I'm seeing first week in here, let me pull this up, as well. And we put the Online team as well, or actually North Carolina, so they can see these side by side and get a comparison of trends.

Matthias Miller  11:28
So first week, were really strong for North Carolina in terms of number of leads coming in. And the second week, so 110, the first in North Carolina 111. Second week, 87/3 week, in the week of the 22nd when which was during this outage, it dropped down to 43. And so I'm going to likely blame you take the blame on that. And we're Yeah, anyway, so is what it is. The end, but we're also seeing similar trends in Indiana, and here's where it may have been, it seems to possibly have been a combination. So Indiana numbers I'm seeing on my end might be a little different. But 33 the first week 20 Excuse me 22 The second week stabbing the third week. Wealth week number four but I also wonder if that's artificially low because of because of the issue that I mentioned Jonathan did mention that so we we had been we did need to scale the Google campaigns back a bit to standard budget and it seems like there's a disproportionate drop in leads with scaling it back. Especially as we look at week three, however, we're also seeing similar trends in North Carolina where there was a 20 There's a 20% drop in leads in North Carolina so but that doesn't that doesn't explain everything about why Indiana would have dropped 60% instead of 65% instead of 20%.

Unknown Speaker  14:02
And we find out how long that this has been happening

Matthias Miller  14:07
it started on the 20th and it stopped this morning

Unknown Speaker  14:16
okay so little over a week

Unknown Speaker  14:26
um

Unknown Speaker  14:27
what how often has it happened

Matthias Miller  14:33
Great question

Matthias Miller  14:42
let me see what I can find here

Speaker 2  14:56
while you're looking, am I understanding correctly Matthias that Somebody would have went onto the website and had tried to fill out a lead form and it would not have let them do it not took them into the like, open it up one or two, it let them in. But after they submitted it, instead of sending it into Trello and transferring over to the correct agency, it send it to thin air, which have to those two or something else.

Matthias Miller  15:24
It did not allow them to do any of them. I did not get there at all.

Matthias Miller  15:40
Let me see if I can.

Unknown Speaker  15:59
See

Matthias Miller  16:07
so I don't know how many different people it is. But sorry, hang on.

Matthias Miller  16:21
Make sure these are actually some of these may have been the same people. But there were 570 attempts to access that page across both districts within that time period. Where this is where they were specifically blocked from being able to access it.

Speaker 1  16:54
So what made this happen, Matthias? I mean, was it something we did? Or you did or what created that?

Matthias Miller  17:03
It was something that I did, I had added tracking so that we can see exactly which page individuals are coming from. And when I made that change, I tested it. From what I had seen it was working. However, I missed something in the process, and introduced, introduced an issue. And I typically do try to be pretty careful when making these changes. This one, it was something I did it slipped past me

Speaker 2  17:47
Does Google see stuff like this, like, ooh, something's wrong, something's not working. The drop off on this page is really, really high. And thus, oh, these guys have got an issue. So oh, we're going to punish them for it. We're gonna drop some favors for them, or is Google not that smart? Or how do you see the next two weeks? Do you see things snapping back to how they were? I did notice, as you mentioned, that significant drop in our leads and accounted my leads, and I think 53 or something, and I had gone to pick the five or whatever. So pretty accurate there. But do you see that snapping back? Or do you see a prolonged process?

Matthias Miller  18:42
So during that time period, Google tried to show show the ads to a bunch of people. And because it couldn't get the page and never felt the lead form. So Google did not see that as a see them as a lead. So I would expect a relatively quick rebound from that we've got enough enough data in the past of Bucha types of people that normally fill these out, and I would expect that it's possible that we'll see some level of prolonged impact from it, but I'll need to confirm with Jonathan.

Speaker 1  19:34
Matthias you said 570 attempts. Now that was just Indiana or was that North Carolina included? Like what was your journal for Indiana? Are you able

Unknown Speaker  19:46
to see that?

Matthias Miller  19:50
I would know. I'd have to do some pretty deep forensics probably to try to get that for Indiana. I don't have that. Let's see. Not unless there's a see if there's an IP address filter that we could

Unknown Speaker  20:16
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  20:21
Don't I don't really have a good way to, to tell which one? How much just in Indiana? I would guess that it's proportionate to you know, if it's going to be proportionate to a number of leads, I don't anticipate that it's geographically dissimilar, or disproportionate. Okay, thank you. So that

Speaker 1  20:57
was one of my questions. Matthias was, why aren't we getting more leads? That definitely answer some questions I had. Is there no way that we could do like a weekly Google Analytics report? And a monthly, something that we could see what's happening? Yeah. I mean, I'd really like to see, what is it costing US per click, and how many people are looking at it? And I really think we need to have that.

Unknown Speaker  21:34
We can do that. So, like,

Speaker 1  21:40
how long is that going to take to get something like that in place? Or? Or how soon? Can we have something like that?

Matthias Miller  21:47
Well, why don't we we want we is next is or Next? Next week, call soon enough for that and just start making that a get those sent out the morning before the call?

Unknown Speaker  22:01
That would be great. Absolutely. Okay.

Speaker 1  22:17
So, Matthias, something else that I have on my list here? Wouldn't it be a wise choice to have in the ad on a separate landing page.

Matthias Miller  22:29
So we're driving them to a different the initial page landing page itself is to an Indiana specific landing page. And that's a change that we made. About the same time but Well, I think go back and see exactly when we made that change. Now, 90% of the website is still the same. But that first page that you go to only talks about Indiana does not talk about North Carolina at all.

Unknown Speaker  23:14
Okay,

Speaker 1  23:16
so that would still would allow us to have, you know, different things available, other than what North Carolina has?

Matthias Miller  23:28
Well, we need to, we need to talk that through a little bit. And figure out exactly how we want to do that. Not Not directly. No. I mean, it sounds like how much how much divergence Are you guys? Are you guys looking at?

Speaker 1  23:53
Well, things that just popped in my mind is so we have a guy in here that is specifically building chicken coops play houses, you know some of that stuff. And I believe Michaels not doing the chicken coop so. So if we want to add that. And like the other thing that pops in my mind is Michael's doing the like that standing seam stuff. We know we're not doing that, you know, if we'd have the two separate ones we could do our individual things we want to do.

Unknown Speaker  24:25
Yeah, you

Speaker 1  24:27
know, we have shaker sheds, you know, that would allow us to do some different things like that.

Matthias Miller  24:35
So at the point that we start going completely different directions. I think part of the part of the interest early on was trying to share as much of this stuff as possible. I mean, at the point that we go different directions, then we now have a third, third entire website that we need to maintain and manage for the chicken coops what we did was we just put it on the on the website but just indicated it as

Unknown Speaker  25:08
Indiana only?

Matthias Miller  25:14
I don't Yeah.

Speaker 1  25:19
Like that would be on there as a note Mathias, just so people see that right.

Matthias Miller  25:24
Yeah. So on the on the list it's it has in the title the henhouse in the end only on the quote form has has chicken coop in the end only. And then we also we also know in the description when you pull up the page itself that says, this is only available in Vienna or Sam.

Unknown Speaker  26:17
What else do

Unknown Speaker  26:17
you got on your list? Wayne?

Speaker 1  26:28
I guess one more thing that comes to mind. Matthias is you had send out an email. So the way it looks, we have to spend more in order to get more is that what the email was all about? Matthias?

Matthias Miller  26:47
Yeah, so the the email was about was wondering if you'd be open to. So be just a handful of of scenarios played into this. But let me start with a little bit of a backstory. Here's here's the way Google works. Google seems to have something behind the scenes thing behind the curtain that very few people talk about. But Jonathan has seen repeatedly in his campaigns where if you have a campaign that's working, and Google sees that there's more traffic, if you continue increasing that budget, then Google seems to give you special favor in what you're doing. But if you start pulling back, those if you start pulling back the budget, even when there's more add, add more reach there, then Google starts. Google starts further restricting your reach. And it's almost like Google has favorite players. And for people who are willing to buy the traffic that becomes available. It it gives them a favored favored position and people who don't it doesn't. So Jonathan's question was, whether you'll you all would be open to increasing ad spend by in his in his words, anything helps was indicating anywhere from 20 2500 to 5k. To to grow, to help grow those campaigns? And, and see if we can if we can get in on Google's good site again.

Unknown Speaker  29:00
So

Speaker 1  29:00
Matthias, I'm a little dark on this, but so, I mean, the amount we're spending How comes? Like we're not popping up first, you know, when people search us or why is that? I mean, I guess what I'm referring to is the amount we spend for fears we were like number one that always popped up. And we've tried like couple different pages and we're not even on the list. So I guess that's where my concern is. Like, like how does that side look or?

Matthias Miller  29:43
I let me let me check something here. Do you have what specifically you're searching for?

Speaker 1  29:52
Well, just like, like if we type in true point, actually, we even did true point and there's There's nothing that pops up. And then we did like, sheds near me. And, and we have to scroll down like actually, we didn't even find it Tuesday.

Unknown Speaker  30:13
So I'm not like

Speaker 1  30:16
we're not typing in the correct words. I mean, I would think we should be but

Matthias Miller  30:21
and was this on just just to be clear this is on your your laptop or was this on Dwayne's laptop?

Speaker 1  30:30
Yes, this was when we were setting up the Fort Wayne Law we wanted to see I told him you know, to pull it out and that way we can see what it looks like. And we also did it with the new salesperson because he actually said hey, Wayne, I was looking at true point and I can't even find you guys. So I guess that's where it kind of got my attention is you know, the new salesperson was trying to find this and he couldn't find

Matthias Miller  30:54
it will be really just take a look here and see what I can see

Speaker 4  31:07
this is Calvin to that same thing. I was with one of the drivers that we use quite a bit and I've tried on his phone and I it didn't come up either. I just searched sheds near me now I guess that's not you know, as specific but I don't know how that plays into this.

Matthias Miller  31:27
Okay, that's good. That's helpful

Speaker 2  31:34
one question there, Wayne and Calvin Have you verified all of your locations as the final verified with Google I know one of the bots is verified with Apple and the other is not but with Google Have you confirmed both have been finalized and verified

Speaker 1  31:59
as far as I know Michael everything is verified except the Laporte lot LM needed like a physical address on a on a piece of paper you know that shows proof or whatever but as far as I know the Plymouth and the Fort Wayne lot were were clear

Unknown Speaker  32:36
we see

Matthias Miller  33:00
don't know that I've got good information on you right off the top of my head. I mean, I'm taking a look here right now. There is a truepoint branding campaign in running in Indiana but for some reason

Matthias Miller  33:33
for some reason it's showing a low quality score and I'm not I don't know Not sure why. So I don't have a good answer for that I will get your answer

Speaker 2  33:51
did we consider having a conversation with Jonathan on SEO a little bit of on that oral location see get his take on that of being handled and if there wouldn't be a way to use maybe optimize a little bit more on that

Speaker 2  34:25
is there an active something at actively in place that keeps managing the SEO there and searching in

Matthias Miller  34:51
Yeah, I mean we can we can discuss this I'm you know, on that particular one I'm I'm a little by Fold and again this needs Jonathan's answer it seems like a branding campaign like that should be a really inexpensive media buy and so it's not clear to me why Google isn't isn't doing that if we do yeah are like wait yeah, just

Speaker 1  35:33
don't Matthias like when could we have some answers on this

Matthias Miller  35:44
I'm not sure on Jonathan's availability I can see if we can talk talk today but I can try to get you something early next week okay.

Speaker 2  36:14
Themify as I think there was Wasn't there a couple other ones on your list?

Matthias Miller  36:18
Yeah. You guys have further thoughts on the auto responder some of the auto responder changes or did you guys want to get back to me on that

Unknown Speaker  36:35
you're saying if we have additional thoughts from the email I had sent for maybe you did email that come through maybe

Matthias Miller  36:50
maybe I missed it

Unknown Speaker  37:01
that's completely possible

Unknown Speaker  37:25
to make sure that came through let me just pull out and see if I still.

Matthias Miller  38:10
I don't let's see I want to go back down through the list maybe this

Matthias Miller  38:39
got it I missed it. It was in a stack of emails from you and I missed it

Unknown Speaker  38:50
yeah

Matthias Miller  39:01
yeah, let me let me I think that sounds

Matthias Miller  39:12
let me let me take a look at the follow up more specifically about teasing loose pieces apart and get back to you on the specifics on that. And sorry, this thing somehow Yeah, somehow missing these and a few others and I missed it.

Matthias Miller  39:37
promos. I also had missed those sounds good. Automatic quotes

Matthias Miller  39:48
we can talk about that as well.

Unknown Speaker  39:56
I think

Matthias Miller  40:01
Most of that

Matthias Miller  40:14
so we have the tracking in place now

Unknown Speaker  40:21
where we

Matthias Miller  40:27
most times are able to tell where the customer is where the customer is coming from. And that actually gets us about 80% of the way where Marisa and Tory are able to drop in. And if they know which which page they can come from, they can get a base price of the building without

Matthias Miller  41:03
without creating the actual quote, just just getting the pricing as if it were a quote

Matthias Miller  41:16
see if, as long as I turn that on, yes. So I don't know how automated we want to do it, it looks like over the last 21 to 12344 of them have come from a specific product page. And some of them were not able to get any tracking information at all, as far as which page they came from.

Matthias Miller  42:05
So what are our options on the automatic quote, one is

Matthias Miller  42:18
one option is is redoing the type form that people fill out and breaking all the all the sheds into big categories, whether it's roof style, or something like that, prompting for that first and then based on their prompt showing the specific sheds within that. And.

Matthias Miller  43:00
That's probably the most certain way to get automatic quoting.

Speaker 2  43:10
Seems to me like, the important thing is that you have something that increases efficiency is one that also works actually brings value to the old process where we have a better, less drop off rate, and we have better conversion rates out of it. And we determine exactly what that should be. But you have a suggestion there that you suggested that thinks you think is the best way to start out with they'll have a better suggestion then to do it and try it and then watch for conversion rates and drop off rate versus what we have been doing.

Unknown Speaker  44:02
Yeah

Matthias Miller  44:06
I think so I think putting putting it into type form is is the most robust way to do that. Because it gets very specific then as far as what you know what, what they're looking for.

Unknown Speaker  44:30
So, to put this in place is something that takes

Unknown Speaker  44:34
week two or four

Matthias Miller  44:40
it's maybe a week I think I think the biggest thing for honestly is thinking through how do we want to structure the questions. What's the right order? Do we do we ask for? Do we ask for I mean, we can start at the very beginning, which is more important to you? Do you want it to look nice? Or do you want it to be bottom dollar? I don't know if we actually want to lead with that question. So you could you're with that and lead towards either the budget sheds or the higher end sheds. Or you could start with question number one is a frame versus versus barn and and then you know, subset down into metal versus siding and then by that then you've narrowed it down to the specific handful of options that they want to they want to choose from

Speaker 2  45:53
you're thinking you would come up with a proposal on that of how that should look as next step? I can do that we have some tangibles.

Speaker 2  46:14
Didn't want to ask you a question on did you have time to review that shed geek podcast on real work labs to be a little bit interesting.

Matthias Miller  46:30
I did not and will confession I have been burying myself out from under a pile of emails but I'd

Speaker 2  46:48
love to hear your feedback on that love to hear your feedback on that on their specific ideas I think it could be relevant to what we're doing maybe even get Jonathan's feedback on that that level like it's definitely in the same type of conversations on on things that we're talking

Speaker 2  47:30
mentioned earlier on on feedback on

Unknown Speaker  47:36
high level

Speaker 2  47:38
discussions that you had when you were born and someone paper some you want to just put a paper and email out to us and then we have discussions beyond that.

Unknown Speaker  47:53
That we were thinking

Matthias Miller  47:54
that would be my preference because I've got through a number of items that came out of that and I think I could personally I could articulate myself a little better doing that and then we can maybe maybe next week we can we can talk through those more

Speaker 3  48:20
but else I think that's all I've got on my end

Speaker 2  48:37
Yeah, I've made some progress 111 other thing for our locations. Just last night we verified the last location, the Chatham location under Apple Maps that is legit and has been verified. So all of our locations have now been verified under Apple and Google as well. So from doing searches SEO and and all that good stuff it should now be properly verified where it should have no good reasons not to start showing up. So be interested in having more discussions on SEO here in Genesis

Unknown Speaker  49:33
Alvin, what's what's on your list?

Speaker 4  49:38
I didn't really have anything additional to your question there. Michael. I was just going to ask is that the Indian districts as well that are coming up on on Apple

Speaker 2  49:52
I know the Plymouth one is Laporte I think I see this morning When Chatwin got final verify we had uploaded some special documents and they actually accepted him. So that was exciting. And he had mentioned that report still needs some documents uploaded for verification purposes. So if if you reach out to Alan on that, that should be that should be the last thing just ask him exactly what he needs to upload those to a link getting him those the correct documents should get that. And then if you I understand you just opened up a new lot this week, right?

Speaker 4  50:40
Yeah, Fort Wayne. So that one would probably also need that as well.

Speaker 2  50:44
I'm sure that one would need to be verified by both Google and Apple

Speaker 4  50:59
Hey, I'd say that's about the only thing I had other than we're going to make Wayne kind of like I'm going to shift it off. He's taken the lead on the marketing so I'll probably just be maybe like Gabrielle just kind of listen in and ask questions occasionally or whatever I think with Wayne doing basically what you're doing Michael probably work better we give him the reins on this so

Speaker 2  51:37
that's good. I would say I would say Wayne if you just want to reach out to Alan he supposed to have access to on the management side on all of that at this point. So should be pretty straightforward for him to help with that verification, basically what he needs from us than just if there are things that are outside of his control like documents or whatever or pictures specifically of the lot stuff getting that to him and then he can upload those and upload verified up keep all the hours and everything updated for you so

Unknown Speaker  52:19
that should take

Unknown Speaker  52:28
what else we

Unknown Speaker  52:32
that's all I had.

Speaker 4  52:34
I Calvin here again, I have one more thing I thought about this is kind of a little bit of a rabbit trail. Matthias Can you see how many Google reviews we have? truepoint started collecting those.

Matthias Miller  52:52
I saw there were those two that I sent out.

Speaker 2  52:58
And you see those were pretty can't both of those were pretty tantalizing Wayne Yeah.

Speaker 4  53:16
One thing that kind of came out of that Floyd actually made himself No, that was for asking for a referral, but he's asking people to leave review like previous customers. So he calls this one guy and he's like, Oh, I never got my touch up paint I asked for so we'll send that out and then we'll see if he gives us a review.

Matthias Miller  53:41
That's great. So the two that I had sent that were the only ones that I've the only recent ones that we've gotten for Indiana but there have been there been a number in let me just pull up the profiles and make sure there's did you

Speaker 2  54:05
pull up any that on each of the North Carolina ones as well, including the most recent ones out there but as well might be just a little point of interest in seeing exactly where we're at and what's happening there. Yeah, we

Matthias Miller  54:20
got some really strong reviews from there. Plymouth also had one from Johnny two weeks ago he just left a five star without any comments Johnny Cole Yeah, I'll I'll go hunt down the some of those AAA ones because there's some gems in there for sure.

Speaker 4  54:42
I'm gonna say that Johnny coals a little read because that's the name of our dryer that takes us around quite a bit so

Unknown Speaker  54:55
good. He's happy

Unknown Speaker  55:00
Ah

Unknown Speaker  55:06
All right,

Speaker 2  55:07
well, that concludes what I got. So unless somebody else has some to conclude for today

Speaker 3  55:17
they only have one just quick little question here about his clothes like Meridith and Tori's all leads I really don't know anything I mean how Has Has that been looking and smelling and feeling the past two weeks

Matthias Miller  55:46
I have not listened to the calls the past few weeks, they've been staying on target with revenue numbers. But But conversion rates are still pretty low. And once again once to get this email sent out, we can maybe take a look at things that we can do to improve that it will also be interesting to see what happens I don't know if this isn't just going to be good or bad. But if we distribute if we're bringing the physical the brick and mortar locations into the same lead flow it'll be interesting to see what happens with sales numbers and whether they're going to be able to maintain similar sales numbers with a lower number of leads or whether there's Yeah, let's see kind of what happens with that and what happens across across different individuals.

Speaker 2  56:44
That will be interesting and also interesting to see how many awful lot sales will happen for remote sales because now they'll have access to quick offline deliveries with inventory that'll be interesting to see. And interesting to see if how many people if they actively engaged in conversations with people that want to be physically see sheds you know without any hesitation actually encourage people to go see it at the local lot we have lots spread out across the entire region and see how that translates into sales as we take a slightly more collaborative much more collaborative approach and see what that does to the lead those rates

Speaker 2  57:56
so by the way, just FYI, making that transition next Tuesday, so Tuesday the seventh reading that morning.

Unknown Speaker  58:10
The Recruit point

Speaker 2  58:13
bringing more will be on the huddle in the huddle, printing huddle will also be distributed beads who will have a combination?

Matthias Miller  58:54
is requesting Gaber is got something else I don't think so. I don't think I have anything else good right Well, you got some Melton sighs Nope. So get

Unknown Speaker  59:17
ready, get on my

Unknown Speaker  59:20
vision everybody.

Unknown Speaker  59:21
See you next time.

Unknown Speaker  59:24
Good. Bye. Thank you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai