Unknown Speaker  02:46
Good morning.

Matthias Miller  02:48
Hey, good morning Tori.

Unknown Speaker  02:51
How are you this morning?

Matthias Miller  02:53
I'm doing pretty good. How are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  02:57
I'm good. I'm doing well.

Speaker 1  03:00
Can I? No, I

Unknown Speaker  03:06
said nice to warm. Good.

Speaker 2  03:14
Was there a certain day that worked better for you, Matthias for the meeting?

Matthias Miller  03:22
Tomorrow afternoon is pretty, pretty open if you're working I'd have to take a look at my calendar a little bit more specifically and see what I can actually send you a link. And you can find a time that works.

Unknown Speaker  03:37
Okay, perfect.

Unknown Speaker  03:41
That will work.

Unknown Speaker  03:42
Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  03:46
Morning, Michael.

Unknown Speaker  03:50
Good morning. How are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  03:53
There? Is that radio voice? I'm good. How are you?

Unknown Speaker  03:57
Doing just fine.

Unknown Speaker  04:11
Exciting news that we're expanding the Online team.

Speaker 3  04:17
Yeah, I think so. I think this could be I think this could definitely make a huge impact on how we can utilize all different aspects to move forward as a team just really expanding our capabilities. So I think it'd be really

Speaker 2  04:43
absolutely, but I did have a question as far as how the lease will be distributed. And then you said there'll be little Air France, but I didn't know if that meant. little difference between how it is now between Marissa and I or little difference between like the round robin approach of it.

Matthias Miller  04:59
Yeah, there's a slight difference to the round robin approach. So we're planning anytime a brick and mortar location is they're clocked in, we'll be giving them the leads within a 50 mile radius, just to give them kind of that advantage. But then, as far as the round robin, currently, the round robin just says, Oh, who got the who's in the round robin pool, and who's got the who's gone the longest without a lead, and we're going to change that to its seven day rolling window. So who's gotten the fewest number of leads in the last seven days, let's feed it to them. And so that means that for some reason, you know, if a brick and mortar dealer gets a whole bunch of leads local to them, then the out of area leads are going to taper down, well, we catch the rest of the team up. And, and, or if somebody's out for a day, then we catch up whoever's out in the next day to to be, well, if their track is are clocked in, then, you know, that's gonna go to whoever's clocked in anyway. But then, you know, if if, if somebody for some, some reasons that he's clocked in and they get an influx of leads that will will redistribute?

Unknown Speaker  06:14
To level that level that out? Okay.

Speaker 4  06:26
Maybe, I mean, it's kind of go off the bat when it comes to sharing inventory, and dealing with an injury territory, and they're going to need some training on how to look into that. And then how to handle those leads. If there is strong interest in something that's in a physical location, developing a process for that, would that lead and get handed off entirely to a location manager? Or would we keep you know dialoguing with that client, and kind of figure out how to massage that one and figure out how to process over to a physical store, now that we do have access to so much inventory?

Matthias Miller  07:17
Yeah, so for as far as accessing the inventory, what'll happen is, you'll, when you log into the we'll turn this on, and on Tuesday, morning, probably, but when you log into the visualizer, there's an option to view live inventory. And that'll just start showing all the inventory and all the different lots. One of the things we do want to watch out for, we're hoping it's less of an issue with more of a collaborative team approach. But still, before you sell it off of somebody's lot to go ahead and touch base with the person we don't want. Worst case scenario would be somebody in a physical location is showing a building, they're like, yes, I want this, okay, well, let me go read up a quote for you. And boom, like, I'm sorry, it just got sold online, we can't, you can't have it after all. So. So just having that communication, just to confirm with the with the person with the, with the individual in that location. As far as handing off the relationship, there's no reason you know, they want to go see the building. With Mike, Mike and I were discussing this a little bit yesterday, our thought is ultimately allowing it, leaving it up to the customer where, who they want to work with who they have the most important rapport with. And if it goes to the lot, they want to keep working with the Online team, there's really no reason not to. If if, you know and vice versa. So that's also going to require some communication after somebody, somebody visits a lot, there are some thoughts that we have as far as automation that can help bring visibility to that, namely, at the point that you would quote A, we start automatically creating communication records for quotes as well. So we'd automatically create a communication record with a link to the quote, and then anybody who quotes Well, anybody who has a communication record for a customer would be able to see the opportunity. So, the moment the somebody if somebody would walk in to the brick and mortar location, sight unseen, and not mention anything about the Online team. And the brick and mortar location would quote that when the brick and mortar location goes back in to find the opportunity, they would see previous communication from whoever was communicating with them previously. And when you go in, you would also see that same

Unknown Speaker  09:46
that same

Matthias Miller  09:48
you will see that a new cord has been created and then it would be it really would still be up to you guys to communicate about who should be taking, taking ownership of the relationship moving forward based on

Unknown Speaker  10:01
based on customer experience

Speaker 4  10:06
is there a way for me to be visible to everyone subdivided out or the ownership element? So that right now, when I go in into opportunities, they're only doing this kind of anterior. Curious, because they have folks replying so frequently to be, I think the autoresponder that was something that was popping my mind yesterday, I was going through some emails and just seeing how many of the words in Korean just message each other back and forth like Is this your person? And I think that could get a little chaotic, where we have three other locations to be like, whose person and I'm wondering if there's a way that we should maybe not see all the details of their communication record, but could just identify like, who's the lead assigned to? And that way, we're eliminating some of that pinging back and forth of where this went up? Where this type of thing?

Unknown Speaker  11:12
Yeah, absolutely, we could do that.

Unknown Speaker  11:17
That'll help me into or even assist the two of us, okay.

Speaker 2  11:23
And one thing I'm kind of afraid of, is, if a customer does decide to visit a location, someone said, hey, just work with me. And, you know, instead of working with someone on the Online team, instead of it actually being up to the customer.

Unknown Speaker  11:46
With this new structure, it sounds like they're all as opposed to it just being that right.

Matthias Miller  11:56
Yes, I mean, if, yes, effectively, so. So we have online team and who I mean, you know, it's kind of a Venn diagram. You, do you sell on the phone, exclusively? Over here? Do you use and and do you sell at a physical location? And then, you know, for the, for the brick and mortar locations, there's this overlap? The compensation structure is set up to to minimize that, to your point, Tori, I, I'm not sure that there's, I think probably, this is, in my estimation, one of the one of the best mitigators towards that is building rapport with across the entire team and building trust across the entire team. And we may just have to if if those things arise, we may just have to address it on a on a case by case basis. Unless Unless you guys have some ideas and and how we free up that.

Speaker 4  13:08
I think if I can just insert this briefly, I think the concern just to be completely transparent. What if we don't want to make buildings anymore? That's the question, right? Because if we start with us, but then we get processed to a physical location that kind of have a poor reflection on those that are purely virtual. And so that would be something that I think a long term consideration in what value are we bringing, which needs to be just understood that true point is valuing. Taurian is purely remote, even though we may be losing, we might be decreasing, that will decrease in our closure rate, because they're getting faster to physical locations. And is that acceptable? Is that going to reflect negatively for us in any way? Those are things? I don't want to be assuming, but just know Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:05
Makes sense. There's.

Matthias Miller  14:16
So let's play the worst.

Speaker 4  14:19
We want to be measured fairly knowing our limitations. We have limitation. We're not actually on site. So we just need to be measured fairly considering our limitations.

Matthias Miller  14:31
So my, my main comment to that is, I mentioned I was out of town last week, and I haven't even had a chance to struggle it with Mike Mike on this at all. But I think I think there are still there's still a good bit of work that we can do on the front end to reduce friction of online buyers. And anything that we do on the marketing front to reduce that friction is going to help the Online team close sales and it's going to increase the pay I don't believe you being able to sell them sight unseen. I still think there's a certain category of people that will really enjoy seeing and touching these buildings, but it is what it is. So, to that point, what is the advantage of an online sales team? Well, advantage number one is there's substantially lower overhead with an online sales team. And I think that's well worth well worth taking into consideration. And second of all, this is one of the reasons why we did a nationwide search and not just local is that it does allow us to find people that we believe, share truepoint values? And are the types of caliber people who are going to do well in this role. So I think

Matthias Miller  16:13
it's so I think in all fairness, I think it's it is, it is certainly possible that online sales. Okay, let me let me add one more point to that as well. One of our goals with online sales has been as well to take a look at overall performance as a team. And we really want this to be a place where if person A succeeds, they help Person B succeed, and vice versa. So if that doesn't happen, and if there's not something if if the physical locations end up eroding your, your sales base, then we've completely were misaligned. Effectively, like we're not doing what we're setting out to accomplish.

Matthias Miller  17:19
Having said all that, you know, what's the absolute worst case scenario? Where worst case scenario is? Well, let me let me say, worst worst case scenario is everybody starts asking to see a physical location. And nobody actually sees that, but I don't see it going that far. So more likely, what's going to happen is there will still be a few people who asked to see if it was asked to see a physical like location, physical building. It is also possible. As of as it stands, now, we're also planning to maintain the same number of leads. So your individual leads are going to drop. And, and we'll we'll have to evaluate whether that lead flow. Sorry, this, this gets into a longer extended discussion. But okay, well, then we're just gonna go here. So sales volume of the sales team is great. The the numbers that we're seeing as far as leads, leads, being being qualified, is about what we would expect to see from qualification to conversion is not as high as we would expect. And I'm, I'm trying to wrap my mind around why that actually is, there is one possible explanation and I don't know if this is actually true. And you guys can maybe speak into this, but it's possible that we've,

Unknown Speaker  19:01
we've

Matthias Miller  19:04
given you too many follow ups to do and you're not able to devote the attention that you need to, with leads that you have to to do ongoing, ongoing follows, I don't know. And you guys can speak into this way better than than just mere hypotheses. So I'm interested in having that conversation. I'll end my ramble just very soon. It is possible that we'll experience a dip we'll have to take a look at lead flow and we do have the the opportunity to we do have the option of increasing increasingly flow if it if it proves that we really need a higher number of leads to

Speaker 1  19:49
service across all five team members. So long ramble. What are your thoughts? I'm trying to process it all. Okay.

Speaker 3  20:09
I could just add a couple little comments to that. It seems like some of the some of the observations have been well, first of all, well, Matthias said, I agree 100% team effort. I think that's the key here. And we consider it a win. whether, you know, ultimately, we hit the ultimate goal, like combined goal. Whether it be equally divided among the fields or not, or we lopsided, we consider it the win. If we hit this, these as a team, and and that's the whole goal, it seems like right now we have a couple of different sets of people out there customers, and what they consider we have a younger set of people that's more comfortable with risk buying huge, huge for larger items like sight unseen, it seems like and then there's also personalities, but the oversight of people that are still out there have less of comfort in doing that generally. And so it seems like in the era we're in right now, a combination makes a whole lot of sense, where we have both options. And it also opens up the possibilities for whether you are on a physical location or not to sell all of this inventory for a quick immediate delay, really delivery, and there's a set of people. Most Americans like things quickly, and so that would also open up that opportunity. So the goal is to complement each other and make a team effort out of this. And, and by being more diverse, we can hit those different types of people and satisfy and grow that trust. And also just a strictly online thing. Absolutely. You know, it's 100%, scalable, very attractive in that in that aspect. And is definitely, I think the future in this with the younger generation as it moves on up and the older generation sort of moves on. And it seems like we're in that in that transition period of we both have still have both. And as we grow this, I think it'll transition it'll keep trending towards, you know, completely remote observation that.

Speaker 4  22:54
On the big vision is that towards the future, exciting. And the buyers to provide feedback to what you said, I I'm excited it word that came to my madness, because if I go last Oh, just like to say right now. I think some of what we are going to experience in the shifting is also a lot of testing. And I think what matters when you shift people, and you shift teams, and you take people out of their norm, and the 10th thing is the security of knowing that your leadership Trump's view, you trust, and that all of the top thing is for everyone's benefit, not for their detriment. That's the key. And I think that's going to matter to Tory and we're still kind of baby in this group. You know, everyone that's a dealer has been with you guys for a while. But it's a matter to the dealers as well, because it's a new process. And they're going to be testing things that have happened before. And the trust they have in you guys as leaders are knowing that you trust them that they trust you is just going to be it's going to be put to the test, literally. So you know, I'm anticipating there to be some insensible areas or things that need to be worked through. And but, you know, at the end of the day, if the goal is to increase the sales force and increase the revenue generated from it, that it's worth, it's worth the pain of so long as a tent for anyone's detriment. That is, you know, not that's unforeseen that time, but I think, you know, I trust that you guys are building into it with the hurt of everyone benefiting from the transition, and I think they will because even if we're concerned about people going to last very great example tour, you got it? Well, we've also been concerned about not having inventory available. So I think some of the concerns will will Benincasa So, in a way, we may lose some customers to physical, touchy feely experiences with it, we need to buy it, because it's there for the buyer. But then we'll also benefit from those quick trigger poor people that they needed to build a yesterday. And now we have the resource for that, but we didn't suffer so I can see it, bouncing it off

Unknown Speaker  25:25
yeah, I agree.

Speaker 2  25:31
I was just gonna say my motto has always been teamwork makes the dream work. So I'm all in with that. And we definitely trust you, you all as leaders, and just like anything else with the bumps, the bumps that we've gone through, but the Online team, we've learned a lot we've grown, and we know that we might encounter that, you know, bringing more people on, but we're gonna grow from it. And overall, I believe that we're going to be able to make some pretty, pretty hit some pretty big goals, when it's all said and done. So.

Speaker 3  26:04
We are also pretty, pretty concerned about that, that that team effort. And so the message to each of these locations, has has, you know, well has been this is going to be a cultural shift from, you know, the typical goal shared lot, where it's commission based, and you get paid when you sell and it becomes, you know, a little bit more of a pressure salesman atmosphere, that's the general was out there. So that has been adjusted and changed for me 23, which is not your normal thought. So, this is has been done to create an culture, that's a team effort, and is definitely a shift for everybody. But everybody has, has is on board, and has, understands this team everything. And if a, if a one of the things that was explained to them as well was, we will consider a a win for the team, if somebody sells a building off of your lot. And literally, you know, sells to a customer a mile down the road to get set up, you know, we're all going to cheer. And no, that's considered a win. And so a shift in thinking and you know, they understand that and are on board and excited about that. And I think vice versus if, if a customer wants to see a lot and that builds trust, it gets sent to the to the dealer, the dealer lands, the sale, I think we all cheer, it's great, we've as a team, we've helped each other win. And if I'm going to consider that a huge win. Either way, if talk to a customer, and you send them to a lot Atlanta sale, you are going to have in my opinion, just as much influence on that sale as the one that actually wrote, you know, the ink on paper. And it's a collaboration of we learn from each other, what's working, and we help each other make the win. And let's look at the overall.

Speaker 2  28:22
We're gonna see a lot more wins come across our screen. So that's just gonna drag the momentum. It's gonna make it even more exciting.

Speaker 4  28:31
And speaking of that, how does that ratio of wins affect or annual goals? Currently, I believe the goals we've been reflecting is one and a half million annually. Religion, I thought yesterday, if I have three pulled up that chart that was reflected a story and I alone, is that goal. Triple is that double, when we have additional or a new structure

Matthias Miller  28:59
don't have the exact numbers, Michael, you might have those but effectively would more than it would be two to 3x the aggregate goal, so your individual goal would still stay the same. And we'd be trying to sell the same in aggregate. There's some more next.

Speaker 3  29:19
So in just to keep it really simple, I had set a 23 for each of these brilliant mortar locations. Everybody actually had the same goal. So everybody, a goal of Trillium and so it's, you know, much the same. So we had three there we are each location with expectations of 1 million so if we combine them and then you know

Unknown Speaker  30:00
Is that what it was? Maybe I didn't understand the question.

Speaker 4  30:03
No, no. Yeah, I think I think it was just a question because I think it's valuable to have individual goals set by leadership is dependent upon, you know, what is that person doing? Exactly. Because I think that's important for personal growth, you need to have your own benchmarks that you're trying to meet individually. But then you also have collective benchmarks with your team. So you may have that person, you know, that's working, and they've been with you for 15 years. And you know, what their records, their track record is, and you push them with a particular goal every year because of their personal history. But then collectively, I think that each of those channels should funnel into a larger collective goal. That is, I think, my question for touring, I being new, and also remote, versus having more seasoned folks on the team now that are present a lot. And there's a different dynamic there for their sales force. I was just curious if, you know, will that be shared transparently? Or were they just kind of have some big numbers that everyone shooting for? And then, you know, Matthias, and Michael, you might talk with us individually about particular sales goals and metrics, you know, you see different trends, and how those are performing.

Speaker 3  31:26
We do intricately understand the difference between a brick and mortar location and an online sales team. Oh, for sure. So there's different metrics there for sure. As in, yeah. Under think understand your Yeah.

Speaker 4  31:51
And we'll work through that. I'm sure. As we go through, like, reviews and comments and tracking about how that's going and looking at those metrics. I think that's going to be helpful for all of us collectively to see how things are progressing.

Speaker 4  32:12
Thanks, Mike. I didn't mean to throw a big fat question out there. That's kind of a heavy topic. But I find it important because it goes fairness, and it builds equity and the team members to know what those things are.

Unknown Speaker  32:26
Oh, good. Oh.

Speaker 2  32:31
I have a question about Indiana. I'm a little unclear still on, you know, that location and how they're incorporated and all this. I spoke to an Indiana customer yesterday. And is it best to just give them a number to call? Or will there be a point we can ever sell to to an Indiana customer?

Matthias Miller  32:56
So maybe you can also chime in? The short answer is yes, we would like to get to the point where you can sell to an Indiana customer. At this point, there are some slight number of differences. I don't think it's a lot of differences between what's sold in Indiana and in North Carolina. For now, what we would like to do is so we've been making some marketing transitions in Indiana. And what we'd like to do is build up the existing physical locations there first, and get them sufficient flow of leads. But looking down the road in the future, absolutely. We went we went to Indiana as well. Okay. As far as best place to send them you know what this might be?

Unknown Speaker  33:53
We could,

Matthias Miller  33:56
in your lead. The best way, we're going to be cluttering our menu with options we could give you. Good.

Speaker 3  34:07
Just the question is the reason that at this point, there are a couple leads coming through to the only team is that due to the lead distribution thing. I know there's a little uniqueness there with the algorithm because of Trello. This week Trello is going to be turned off and then I understand correct me if I'm wrong that well that slightly complicated thing to include fellow is going to go away and clean, clean things up a lot to wear but more fluid to wear. I don't think there'll be strays coming through until we're ready to turn those to the only team. My thinking read on that wrong.

Speaker 2  34:53
Yeah, I don't think you'll be Oh, go ahead. My tires. I didn't know. You're good. You're good.

Matthias Miller  35:03
So I think you're thinking this through, yes, we're moving off Trello, we're moving on to into the CRM, if we give you the ability to search across districts to find the lead, then you can pull up, find out who it was assigned to, and just let them know, these emails are basically auto responder. Or, you know, other people who replied to the auto responder, or possibly through an email on the website. So

Speaker 3  35:31
yeah. Oh, got it. That makes sense. I was thinking, we were just talking about new leads coming in. That doesn't make sense.

Speaker 2  35:40
And that may be why we can locate the lead. Whereas when we're going back and forth and in each other names, because we see the respondent to the auto responder, but we don't have them in our own pipeline. So it's like, where they

Speaker 4  35:55
notice noticed on the website that the Indiana locations and phone numbers are now included under main websites. And my question was, if I'm in Indiana, and I'm going to truepoint.com and I fill out a quote, Can I submit that in theory, currently? And where does it get?

Matthias Miller  36:14
So if you submit so everything's routed by zip code? So if you fill in the inquiry there's three locations Fort Wayne zoning is something this week you know, if it's an Indiana zip code, it'll go go over there. Currently, I mean, we've had leads from Louisiana and currently those just disappear into the ether and nothing really happens with them.

Speaker 4  36:44
Yeah. Basically, to mean and through terrific

Matthias Miller  36:55
all of the leads for all of the leads Indiana and north in North Carolina, etc go through they go into the type form into the assist into the assist CRM. And it does look like we're having some issues with them getting emailed out to Indiana but supposed to then get emailed out to the Indiana dealer so we will we'll be able to give you a search to find any of those leads. And I think we should have it also turn up turn up the leads that are unassigned ie probably out of area leads since you can you can see those as well

Speaker 2  37:32
so Matthias this customer I spoke with yesterday I don't want him to have to repeat everything he wants because he was already a little frustrated

Unknown Speaker  37:40
so

Speaker 2  37:42
I guess I'll like put the information in an email of what he was looking for and then send it over to Wayne it might be best Yeah. So the customers not you know reiterating everything

Unknown Speaker  37:57
that that would be good

Matthias Miller  38:20
then presumably you guys will want to do you guys need to search by name or you guys want to primarily search by by phone and email

Speaker 4  38:31
Okay, email assistants people's names are different than what they like yeah probably like I've had that I've been savvy and

Unknown Speaker  38:43
yeah

Unknown Speaker  38:47
yeah there are a lot of Bob's

Unknown Speaker  38:52
yes

Matthias Miller  39:03
good. All right. Yeah, I can put that I'll go ahead and put that search together and then that will

Speaker 1  39:14
you guys out. Thank you very much. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  39:30
All right. What else

Speaker 3  39:37
just found it interesting. Just a little point of interest. earlier talking about being able to sell off lots and how Americans think etc. had an interesting little caught heard a little interesting comment this morning. There was a study done done. This was years back, I don't know maybe 23 years back or something. Square, they went into a preschool setting. And a gave each of the little children a bell, the bell rings. And they said, hey, if we're gonna give you a marshmallows, two marshmallows, and you're going to have to wait till end of the day or some or sometime throughout the day, we're going to give you two marshmallows. Now, if you want to have it right away, just pick up the bell and ring it and somebody is going to bring you one marshmallow immediately. And that's all you get, you'll get one minute marshmallow immediately instead of to sometimes throughout the day. And so the prising Lee, there was a couple, only a couple that rang the bell for their Marshmallow, a bunch of them opted to wait. They, they'd rather go for the long haul for the two. And the majority of them waited. Then more recently, they repeated the study, again, same study, same scenario, same bill, and astounding difference. So most of the children grabbed the bell and started ringing. So so it was such an astounding difference that they said, Well, the first study, there must have been something wrong there. So there was something something wasn't right, because they discounted the first study of what, 23 years ago or whatever, because of the big difference. And my observation was it's just a shift in the way Americans think. Today, everybody wants it now quick. And unless I can have it now, unless there's this verification, nevermind, don't I'm gonna pass it on. So that was just an interesting observation. For and this was in pre scholars so you know, the influence that they're under from, you know, the conditions that they are or the circumstances or situation or maybe their home setting, whatever is what they what they perceive and see has already transferred to the children at preschool. So I think we are in an in a it was an eye opener to meet of probably how Americans think so may play into

Speaker 4  42:32
it makes me a little upset that they would discount the original study thinking there was something wrong with it, when indeed the behaviors of our culture had changed so dramatically in 23 years that they would discount it instead of considering that perhaps here that difference. Oh, great. Great insight.

Speaker 2  42:55
30 years from now people are gonna want their shit dropped down from the sky with it's gonna get worse.

Unknown Speaker  43:04
drone delivery or I'm not taking it.

Speaker 4  43:07
Oh my god. I think there's a movie about it. Or the guy with houses listed by a bunch of saluting adventure story with all these balloons that inside of this sort of house, I think it's the Moses called up. And it takes him up out of the city and like brings him out to like somewhere in South America and he goes on this adventure because it will say with the shed being lifted by balloon

Unknown Speaker  43:36
that's funny. That's great.

Unknown Speaker  43:38
The way of the world

Matthias Miller  43:42
well, there this means that the gap between groups of people continues dividing. And the upside is that it creates a gap of advantage for people who are willing to play willing to willing to play the game. Willing to willing to wait for things that are worth waiting for.

Unknown Speaker  44:09
So that's the good, that's the good you

Speaker 4  44:16
look forward to meeting the team members and then joining the pay. I do not have any other practical questions before it's building or a client feels to the story. I'm not sure if you do strategy as a team great conversation. Thank you both. Have a great day everyone, as well.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai