Speaker 1  00:41
I try to again. Let's try, okay. Now we try the yo yo. Okay, try that again. Yo.

Unknown Speaker  00:48
One

Speaker 1  00:52
of these times I'll turn my volume on. I don't know what's going on. I can hear you now. It's my fault. You can, you can make all kinds of Boomer jokes. And, you know, don't know how to use a computer jokes and

Unknown Speaker  01:08
whatever, it

Matthias Miller  01:09
wouldn't be a joke. It's serious.

Unknown Speaker  01:14
Oh, man, where's that drum set when you need

Unknown Speaker  01:16
one? Exactly.

Matthias Miller  01:20
All right, so I think plan for these calls is spending the next first five to 15 minutes, however, we need just an update on what got completed. And so since it didn't update, do any of you guys have a test system on your computer that you can screen, share and

Unknown Speaker  01:40
walk through? Specifically, I have a little recent one.

Matthias Miller  01:44
All right, take it away. Yep.

Speaker 1  01:48
Oh, before, before you do Jonathan sent me a screenshot of what menus are going to look like, and I'm beyond excited. I mean, I should say I'm sorry, what the user interface for coming in August, that everybody's gonna be on I am super excited. It is, like, it removes one of the biggest sort of negatives that I was having figuring I was gonna have to navigate around. It's like, it just looks more like more modern software. So I'm super stoked.

Speaker 2  02:22
This is like the portal for customers and stuff more. Are you saying the portal for customers?

Unknown Speaker  02:29
Or no, it

Speaker 2  02:30
was the new, there's a new, like client scope only menu for now. I sent some screenshots of that to think about icons and gotcha logos that type which How soon are those going to be live for other systems? I think next cycle, Josh and his team are going to be hitting that, and so I'm waiting to actually work on filling in icons and stuff until the dust has settled around that, because it probably will go through a bit of a bit of an update through the next

Unknown Speaker  02:59
cycle. So, yeah,

Speaker 1  03:01
yeah. Josh told me Monday, end of August, I think he's everything everybody's getting pushed over to to new UI, which is super, super excited. Oh, yeah,

Speaker 2  03:14
okay, well, let me share my screen here. So this is what we have so far. We've just been throwing stuff together the last few days, getting a rough framework. So doing anything, many, much of this will change, sure, but this is where we're at. We have these basic pages so far on the menu, contracts, accounting, logistics, help, which is just the wiki, and then in advance. A lot of the work so far has been going into contracts, which I have significant, amazing test data. As you can see, I have not been working on contracts, so it's not even filled out at all. For me, this is roughly what the screen's looking like at this point. We'll do a lot more. We can do a lot more work on layout yet, but we're just getting fields down so we can start working on behaviors and all that. So contracts, very rough payments have also been slowly coming along. Currently what we have here, and obviously still waiting on a lot of the actual data to be coming in, um and logic, products we've also got built out some extent.

Unknown Speaker  04:53
Think Nick was working on this one.

Unknown Speaker  04:57
Got these together. I.

Speaker 2  05:04
So I kind of think then there's been a little bit of work customers and manufacturers, but not a whole lot.

Speaker 2  05:16
Yeah, those are the contract scripts as well. That yeah,

Speaker 2  05:33
yeah. So that's a very rough it's just a glance at the records and menu. I don't know what Matthias what you want to be looking at. Even now you're muted, I

Matthias Miller  05:46
don't know that there's much, much to be looking at. I mean, I mean, I think this is just, I mean, this is the place of where we're at, like we're, yeah, goal number one was, let's get the data model put in here. Let's get places to put, put it in. Let's start working on layout, yeah, and we need to, I mean, I'm going to guess that there's a bunch of work here, like, some of the calculations, some of different things like that, that. Well, I guess. How much work do you guys think you have left on this, like, is it on calculations and stuff, calculations and finishing out these screens, any reports that need to go with them, anything like

Speaker 2  06:28
that. Reporting, the simple reports, just to get to them, are probably fairly close. We might want to add some more prompts, sorting, grouping, stuff I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  06:38
screens, there's

Speaker 2  06:40
definitely some work especially, but then calculations, there's just boatloads of work. We need a lot more details on. Are you doing calculations? Some of that's where, that's where the bulk of the work is. So a

Speaker 1  06:55
couple questions, at what point, at what point do we host this thing so that we can actually, so I can actually, like, ponder a lot of this stuff and look at it. Yeah, because we have, there's no way for me to get into your local host correctly.

Speaker 2  07:10
Yeah, we have a test system. Let me just send it to you. It has been failing to update the last few days, and we didn't realize so I sent it to you. It's a couple days old. We'll get it updated as soon as we can. Okay,

Speaker 1  07:25
I guess. Well, go ahead. Go ahead. Matthias, I've got loads and loads and loads of questions, but, like, let's follow some sort of order here.

Matthias Miller  07:33
Well, I mean, I think what I want to do is, first of all, celebrate progress. Like stuff is shit. Yeah, no kidding. Second of all, I don't think we're probably at a point. I think what needs to happen next, in terms of just call sequence, is there's a whole bunch of to do's in this, in the proposal. Have loads that Dwayne. I think what makes most sense for Dwayne and I to start get our heads together and start knocking them out, and then bring in Seth, where we need it, and potentially in the next, you know, before the end of the call, get everybody back on and just say, okay, like, here's the priority for the next next week. How does this look? Do you think is this at least more than enough? And and run with it. Sounds great. Is that good?

Speaker 1  08:22
Okay, just, just because, just because I have ADD, please expand the sidebar menu. I just want to see the name in there instead of the side of the, oh, that's, that's worth, that's worth celebrating right there, I see a piece of software with the actual name in it. That's enough to make somebody giddy. Sorry. Back to your question. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  08:53
so yeah, I think that's it for now and then, opening, opening the signal group when there's if, when we're ready for something, competing directly and then being a single group, hop on and talk about next, next week. Sounds good. Thank you guys. Thank you. All right. So yeah, something went sideways. It's supposed to update every day, and nobody knows exactly where it's going sideways. I might try gonna switch over to VPN. I'm gonna drop off for a minute,

Matthias Miller  09:37
and I'm gonna see

Speaker 1  09:40
you're dropping off, you're still on. Well, I mean, okay, so what if I'm a no, am I a user on this this system and what email I'm using? Apartment, dot, biz. It does not match an existing user.

Matthias Miller  09:55
No, it does not. Um, so here. The

Unknown Speaker  10:05
RTO software.

Unknown Speaker  10:08
CRT.

Matthias Miller  10:20
Okay, so let's do only cch, do client proposals. Let me pull up the proposal. We could start knocking this stuff out. I

Unknown Speaker  10:43
Yeah, these guys have been busy.

Unknown Speaker  10:46
Yeah, they have, okay, well,

Matthias Miller  10:53
to do IDD is what we like in the past. Okay? I I'm

Matthias Miller  11:13
going to say at least. I don't know who this should be. I'm you

Matthias Miller  11:26
so contract term we need to think through.

Unknown Speaker  11:34
Hang on, let's do

Speaker 1  11:35
before you dive totally down in the weeds. So okay, so I had no idea that you're that so much has taken place, which is super awesome, but it raises a question of what I don't I don't want to, okay, let me just spit this out of my mouth, rather than try to formulate a thought. Haha, what I don't want to, I don't want to end up, they do a whole bunch of things, and then we rework a whole bunch of stuff, you know, like, is there, is there any danger with, like, all of this happening and and not really going, like, what's the, what's the review process to say, Okay, we like that detail screen. We don't like that detail screen. Let's move all this stuff around. Are we like? I don't want to. We're not going to end up in a situation where a whole bunch of work has to be redone.

Matthias Miller  12:28
So I don't think

Unknown Speaker  12:35
change the system name. I

Speaker 1  12:52
and if you tell me, like, this is just, this is, this is just the core mock up process. This is the core, you know, we're, we're building up, you know, core, core things. Then, oh, okay, no problem. Like, I don't know. I don't want to, you know, I don't want to set the expectation that,

Matthias Miller  13:07
no, let's I think, I think what needs to happen is, I'm one of the guys, so it's unfortunate we don't have access to the system. And I didn't realize until, like, it was supposed to be

Speaker 3  13:21
happening. I Okay, so

Matthias Miller  13:34
I think we should be getting update here shortly. And I think yes, we should, like, I'm not super concerned. Okay, what's really terrifying is us saying, uh, payments need to be stored on the contract record where fields are at. That's a terrifying change

Speaker 1  13:51
to say. And that was what, that was one of the, that was one of the things where I was like, Okay, you're handling payments in a separate record. Okay, so how's that going to work? What's the, what's the user experience on that. You know, if, for example, you're you have a stack of checks laying on your desk, where are you going to go to open up that customer? What's the, what's the, what's the user experience on, on some of that flow? And, you know, because I could, I could see that we say it sits in separate records, I could also see saying it sits on the on the contract record,

Matthias Miller  14:21
you can't Okay, but then if it sits on the contract record, when somebody writes a check for three different contracts, have you link them all together?

Speaker 1  14:29
Well, it's not, it's not that. I'm saying that separate records is the wrong way to go. I'm saying, okay, which process, what's the, what's the like, what's the how does that? What's the experience work like because Go ahead, let's talk

Matthias Miller  14:43
through I don't know how to fix the process problem. I think it's the right design. But let's talk through the user experience problem, and I don't know what to do. Besides, let's raise it. Let's address the issues that you have. And if we find a process problem, let's fix the process problem. But to the issue that you have, somebody has a stack of checks, um. Um, what is the most like? There's two ways that they could do this. One, they could say new payment. They could have a, basically a receive payment menu. They could click on, you know, new payment, select the customer, enter the payment amount. And I think you could, you could just automatically have it populate the RG, then and and go, if you, if you know what order you want to apply it to the contracts. We could come up with logic that says a $500 contract, if you got multiple contracts. Well, either,

Unknown Speaker  15:42
um, either,

Matthias Miller  15:46
I think the most logical thing is something like, go find the oldest due date. Go apply amounts to the oldest due dates. Go by contract. And I don't know if you want to do sub sort based on contract, age or what, but come up with a lot with logic on how to apply the payment, how much of the payment to apply to which contract Go ahead.

Speaker 1  16:11
Let's, let's back up even further. Let's back up to say, Okay, I'm gonna back up really far. I'm gonna acknowledge that up to, up to this point, like, Okay, over in assist, we have built, it's like, component by component by component, and we kind of have approached each section one piece at a time. And this is kind of like there's very much of a big ball of wax thing that, okay, it feels, just feels a little bit overwhelming. So and yet, I don't want to stall a bunch of very excited individuals who want to go hammer down at the same time, my own, my big concern there is that, you know, the design that we did so far was very high level. It was like, we didn't, we didn't go exploring into the weeds at all. And so, like, at the same time, it's like, super exciting to go to see to see menus and go, Holy cow, like, like, like, I thought we're at the starting line, and it looks like we might have passed the first

Matthias Miller  17:32
quarter mile. It looks more done than it is. Well, sure I get that. The counter argument is also we have. There's a lot of variability, especially when it comes to the customer portal, and so to actually have a deliverable by September, I mean, would it make sense in a normal project?

Unknown Speaker  17:49
Okay, to clarify sure, when you say a deliverable by September,

Matthias Miller  17:58
well, or demo, or I don't know, or is that not maybe I misunderstood. My understanding from Ellis was that man, it'd be nice to have something to show off at the expo in September. But is that not correct?

Speaker 1  18:11
Well, I did say that, but, like, I fully expected somebody look at me and say, You're ludicrously ambitious. Like, so

Matthias Miller  18:26
ludicrously ambitious.

Speaker 1  18:32
I mean, if we're going for the ludicrous, ludicrously ambitious pathway, then then, uh, okay, let's you and I make a plan on how to stay ahead of that train. Yes, because it sure, it sure looks like, like that's actually fairly like, almost maybe that's attainable to have something like that's actually like more than just a whiz bang like, it might actually be a full on, semi flying rocket.

Matthias Miller  19:02
Well, I mean, it seems to me it's within the realm of possibility, but I also don't, it does come with, you know? I mean, it's the difference between driving a Ferrari and a, I don't know, like a clunker Camry, because you don't care what kind of bumps you hit on a Camry, but if you hit a bump, hit a bump in a Ferrari, bad, really bad, things can happen. So I think we do have to pay close attention to the to what's going on. And I think your natural nervousness is exactly what we need here, and we need to either just have our eyes glued to the road and look for things that are going to throw sideways, or we need to say, look, we're just not comfortable driving this fast. Let's,

Speaker 1  19:49
let's. I think we're comfortable driving this fast. What I think, Okay, what I'm thinking, I'm saying, is that then I. Um, test system needs to be up operational. I can look at it week like, and after every 90 minute call on a, on a, on a Thursday, there's a list of homework like, okay, Dwayne, Leanne, Francine, whoever else like, go, go evaluate this detail screen, and let's, let's figure out how do you exactly want it, you know? And you know, because I do think that there is a lot of homework that can be done outside of our calls and so that we can stay within the realm of when you and I are talking. We can, we can deal very much with a lot of core logic stuff, like a lot of the a lot of the body panels and the and the paint and the like, I can, I can, I can source a lot of that stuff outside of these calls. Yes,

Matthias Miller  20:52
I agree.

Speaker 1  20:56
So in that, in that regard, then, okay, so now that, now that we've defined kind of the North Star, where do we go from

Matthias Miller  21:04
here? Okay, so let me see here, if I'm

Unknown Speaker  21:08
Trust me, I like driving fast. So

Matthias Miller  21:10
okay, good. I

Speaker 1  21:13
Okay. It was a total shocker to go, oh well here, by the way, let me show you where we're at. And it's like, oh, wow, okay, okay,

Matthias Miller  21:23
for that. This got updated. Do you have the link? I do have the link. And I don't know if they created a user account or not. They

Speaker 1  21:34
should have I do not have a user account. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  21:37
let's go give you a user

Unknown Speaker  21:41
let me text this person so that

Matthias Miller  21:47
I mean to me, this is just for older. So the plan was that this would get updated every every at 4am every morning.

Unknown Speaker  22:00
And so

Matthias Miller  22:04
let's do quick login. All right, you should now have access.

Unknown Speaker  22:13
Hey, sure enough.

Speaker 1  22:21
Holy cow. You. This is Hold on. I gotta call me in one second. I gotta, we gotta take a moment it just, just, just a little, just a moment.

Unknown Speaker  22:30
I love it. I love it.

Unknown Speaker  22:38
Hey, can you walk back to my office really quick? Well, you just have to see something when, okay, whenever you get back, then come back to my office, because I yeah, you're gonna want to see this. Okay, Bye, I love it.

Matthias Miller  23:04
All right, I'm in good and I think this is a great distinction cosmetics, and I wonder that require future discussion with Seth, that require cosmetic review. I Uh, okay, so

Speaker 1  23:25
and I am perfectly okay, um, you know, however we want to do this, uh, you know, for them to say,

Matthias Miller  23:36
I mean, I think, I think we could create a signal channel, just strictly for cosmetic issues, to say, Dwayne. We just knocked out. We arranged this thing, whatever like, go take a look at it. I think you would probably actually enjoy seeing you know, it'll be available tomorrow morning or whatever, like, there's no reason why we can't do that.

Speaker 1  23:56
Yeah. I mean having, having a signal channel of things like, hey, like, you know, we're waiting, you know, we're waiting for your review on the, you know, the customer detail screen or the contract detail screen, or the you whatever detail screen, you know, or, you know, go take a look at this. And because, if I have access to the test system, and because kind of what I'm thinking is, I want to talk to Leanne about this is like Fridays kind of having a round table with her and Francine and myself and and there's just this whole list of things like, let's, let's, let's chew on this one, and really kind of talk through the different perspectives On on workflows or detail screens or right? I mean, because you're going to hear me preach this a lot, is that the workflows and detail screens are going to be really, really important. I have no doubt we can make logic work, or we can make reporting work, but like those are going to be, you know, I want to source a number of things of people to get feed. Back on how those things work and flow, because, I mean, user experience is a big deal.

Matthias Miller  25:04
Yes, it is. It is okay, all right. So for our calls, okay? And then do you prefer that? Do you prefer that list to be aggregated and delivered to you every Thursday, so that you have an agenda for Friday? Or would you prefer to get those throughout the week?

Speaker 1  25:30
Let me discuss this with Leanne and get her thoughts on this, because I potentially have an individual outside of our company that may be coming alongside as a part investor slash apart design helped as an outside company from what we do, so that we have a third party perspective in this whole thing. And if we're gonna, if we're gonna do these kind of round table type things, it would be great to include them. So ideally, probably I'm thinking a Friday morning would be a good time for that. Or maybe it's a Monday, or, you know, one of those. So whatever the date is that we would do these, an aggregated list of things to kind of work through and talk through and look at from Seth and company would be, would be super helpful. Three. Oh yeah,

Matthias Miller  26:24
you want to tear into the meeting today's,

Speaker 1  26:26
yeah, okay, this is, this is super exciting. I and I cannot. I am so excited about the new, new user interface, because, dude, that's going to be, that's going to be. It gives me a lot more confidence going into into, like, say, a September at the nbsra. And if we do show stuff, and it's like, we have, you know, new user interfaces, and there's actual icons, it's like, it looks like other people's software. It's like,

Speaker 4  26:58
right? Yes, yes, yes and yes. Okay,

Speaker 1  27:01
enough of enough of my prattling. Let's get into this. Okay, and I'm

Matthias Miller  27:07
just going to do, I don't know how to prioritize these. I'm just going to do kind of a whack a mole thing, default monthly dwf amount would be an RTO company specific setting for people who manage multiple companies. Yes, yes,

Unknown Speaker  27:22
I would suggest we have it on the company record,

Matthias Miller  27:25
yep. And then where do you want the companies on the advanced configuration, and who can create and edit them? Or should we have a permission for who can

Speaker 1  27:35
it would be an administrator level permission. And I had, I had a thought the other day. What was it? Okay,

Matthias Miller  27:43
difference between a system and IT administrator and a business administrator? Well,

Speaker 1  27:48
that's what I was just gonna say. One of the things that I expect that on in it, okay, the case I'm going to reference for this conversation is payment history on a customer, I expect is going to, there's going to be a lot of things like, you know, date and method and on and on and on, etc, etc. And I want, there needs to be a level in the permissions list, that, for the most part, everybody else has no ability to change payment history. Because payment history is one of these things that is a a very dangerous deal. You gotta be very, very careful with with who can do what with payment history and but there needs to be a permission level that, like the highest permission level, basically, there's almost nothing they can't change. They can, they can change almost anything in the system, as far as customers go. But then there needs to be administrator levels below that. That are, you know, have immense amount of flexibility. But there is, like, there are levels of no go zones that you know, you have to have someone, and maybe it's that, you know, we restricted that only one individual could ever be in that user group or something like that. Like, there is like this, like buyer beware user group, that if you you put somebody in here, they can totally screw you up, right kind of a thing. But then, and, you know, everything below that, I don't know that it's necessarily an IT administrator, but, you know, I think there is, there is definitely administrator levels. I do think we need a couple different administrator levels. So I think, did I sufficiently answer that question? I don't know

Matthias Miller  29:42
if I think we need I think we just need to be very conscious about creating granular permissions. And then when it comes to shipping, probably we'll come up with standard user groups to say, this type of a person wears this hat and can do this, but they can't do that.

Unknown Speaker  29:57
Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  30:00
Um, and then are historical payments defined as anything that was entered yesterday or before That's right?

Unknown Speaker  30:07
Well, yesterday, uh, as opposed to something that was just entered, right?

Matthias Miller  30:13
I'm assuming, if you, if I create a payment in the morning, I can come back in the afternoon and be like, ah, stupid. Or No. Or do you warn them and say, Look, you're locking in this payment. Are you sure

Speaker 1  30:27
okay in RTO pro the moment you enter that thing, you have no editability from that moment on? Do you want to say you can edit it from that moment on? That is something I've never thought about, let's, let's, let's, okay. Do we kind of like it? I kind of like the idea that, you know, anything, anything from yesterday backwards, is uneditable, but if you just entered it today, you could go back and make changes to it. I do kind of like, I really like that. See, this is why I like working with you. That's that is, I like that good.

Matthias Miller  31:11
And can you edit other people's payments that they entered? I

Speaker 1  31:32
Yes, modification history exists for a reason. Okay,

Matthias Miller  31:35
good, so editable as long as creation day equals today here.

Speaker 1  31:42
What if we did? What if we did something like, if you're going back and editing your own work, we would not require this, but if you're editing somebody else's work, we would require you to input a reason. Is that obnoxious? I don't know where we would store this reason, but

Matthias Miller  32:02
maybe we could have an a temporary field and then shove it into a memo or an RG or something. And but do we want

Speaker 1  32:10
to move on? No, no. But, like I said, modification history exists for a reason. I mean, at least we know who to go find out what the deal was. It feels it's probably a little obnoxious to start. Anytime you start requiring things like that, it's it gets obnoxious quickly. I

Matthias Miller  32:44
uh, am I right that the sheds initial value is based on the contract?

Unknown Speaker  32:49
Hold on a second. Yeah.

Speaker 1  32:55
I had a bit of a well, Matthias can attest to whatever I had had a very almost nervous breakdown going, Oh my goodness. I had no idea we went this far. And like, there's, there is, like, there is stuff already here. And I'm like, we haven't even talked about that was pretty much the the census, wasn't it? Matthias. It was like,

Matthias Miller  33:25
I don't usually see you conflicted. You're normally very decisive, but there were very clearly two parts of you active, the guy who's like, move fast and get this thing done, and the terrified, you know, white knuckled grip on the steering wheel.

Unknown Speaker  33:39
Well, I would, I would, I would.

Speaker 1  33:43
The best analogy I can give to it is the moment I drove a cyber truck for the first time and I stomped it. It was like, then we're gonna go fast. And it's like, holy cow, we're really going fast.

Matthias Miller  33:57
That's hilarious.

Unknown Speaker  34:00
Okay, back to work. The

Matthias Miller  34:02
initial value is shed for depreciation. Is based on the contract, right? What

Unknown Speaker  34:07
else would it be based on? Yeah, exactly. Thank you.

Speaker 1  34:12
I mean, okay, you could, you could, you could make the argument, okay, you can make the argument that it's based off of the invoice up from the manufacturer to the to the RTO company.

Matthias Miller  34:26
Well, we're basically invoice off the contract, though,

Speaker 1  34:34
but cash value based on what on the contract would you ever want to store the the cash value, like a separate cash value from what we may have been received only for

Speaker 5  34:49
customers that are already in the base in in the use case scenarios where people rewrite contracts, but the cash value remains the same

Speaker 1  34:59
the. Cash value of the building itself. You are asking for inventory, not necessarily for for the contract conversation, correct? Yes. So the inventory value of the building, so

Matthias Miller  35:13
it's the value of the first contract. But do you ever sell the building back to the manufacturer and then buy it back from them again? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  35:19
but then it's a different then it's a

Unknown Speaker  35:21
different cost. And how would you how would you handle that?

Matthias Miller  35:26
Does the manufacturer give you the same stint or serial number? Well, yes, so there has

Speaker 5  35:35
to be ability to override that price if needed, because in re rents, where manufacturers buy them back, they could be more or less expensive than the first time. Okay,

Speaker 1  35:44
so I guess, okay, but that particular scenario is rather well this, this falls very much in the same conversation we're having over on the assist side with handling buybacks, is that you are so from the rent to own standpoint, if I sell that building out, like, if I, if the the manufacturer buys it out, there is a whole entire process of selling that building out of my out of depreciation, out of my out off my books. And then if I, if they re rent that thing and it comes back in. It's it from a, from a, from an accounting standpoint, it's it, it should be treated like a brand new building, but yet you have original stin numbers. So like, I guess you and I could argue back and forth whether that goes into a secondary record, and we have a way of of saying, you know, obviously we're not going to have duplicate stins on or or serial numbers on the system, but some way of saying these two were the same building, and so, like, we got to have a way to handle that, but I don't know that it should be the original record, because depreciation would have zeroed out, and now you would, necessarily, you would be starting depreciation again.

Matthias Miller  36:56
Well, you could have, I mean, because conceptually, there are two transactions that happen, two legal events, one or accounting events, whatever you want to call them. One's the purchase of the building, transfer of ownership of the building, from the accounting company. And then one is the contract initiation. And technically, those happen, you know, it's all basically the same time, but those are two separate events. So the contract does exist independently of the purchase. And so if you really want it

Unknown Speaker  37:30
to be to be fair, I

Matthias Miller  37:49
How do you want to Well, this is,

Speaker 1  37:57
this is where I feel like we're gonna, we're gonna hang up between modeling reality and a modeling accounting reality, an account accounting reality on a a sellout and a rebuy back in again, like on a manufacturer buyout, where the building goes out of the RTO companies books, and then they re rent it and it comes back into the RTO company's books. Reality says that's the same building, but yet, accounting wise, it can't be treated as the same building.

Matthias Miller  38:25
I think what makes the most intuitive sense from a user perspective, user entry perspective.

Matthias Miller  38:36
I mean reasonably, the purchase and the buyback all happen. All are centered around the delivery and retrieval of the building Correct, correct and so I think the easiest way to sit to have this is for the building to be able to look at the contracts in date sequence. So obviously you can't have on the contract. We need to validate that you don't have a buyback. You don't purchase again without a buyback. You can't buy the same building without a prior buyback,

Speaker 1  39:15
right? Well, I mean, I mean, that's, that's really the status like. So once the book, once a building is brought is purchased by the rent to own company, original purchase by the rent to own company from the manufacturer, that building is on the books, if it, if it gets retrieved, there's two pathways. One is the manufacturer buys it back. Or, I guess there's three options, really is that it gets re rented without ever going through a buyback process. It gets sold out to another customer as a cash sale, or it gets bought back by a manufacturer. And so if that, when that happens, two of those options, take it off my books, a cash sale out to a customer. Or zeros out depreciation and it goes off my books. A buyback, zeros out depreciation and goes off my books,

Matthias Miller  40:08
right?

Speaker 1  40:09
I shouldn't say zero you fully depreciate it at that point. But the conundrum here is that on a manufacturer buyback, the potential exists, and a high potential exists that they put that thing on a sales lot, and they re rent it back out to another customer, and then the RTO company is again buying that building right and starts, restarts depreciation on that exact same building. But I don't think that could ever be the same record. Do you? I Well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  40:45
yeah, okay, here's, this is the lazy way to there's two ways you can approach it. There's a lazy way to think about it and perhaps a technically correct way to think about it. The lazy way to think about it is because these are always tied to contract events. Then you just know, like this contract, we didn't own it at this point, so it has to include a purchase. And you can have another contract, another contract, another contract, another contract, and then there's a manufacture, and then this one, there's a retrieval, and then the manufacturer wants to buy it back, so we sell it back to the manufacturer. Now it's their their building. Now we know if we ever have a contract on this building again, we need a purchase to go with it, because it's all tied to the all tied to the it's contract events that trigger it effectively. The technically correct thing is, really I want to buy this building, like a series of buys and sales on the building.

Speaker 1  41:54
I guess where I'm hanging up is that in the history of depreciation, where there's any kind of buyback to a manufacturer that has to depreciate out to zero.

Matthias Miller  42:11
So I think that's fine, but I think what can happen is on the building you would see visibility, we would have a virtual RG or something that says, Here are the purchase and sale dates of this and the depreciation, purchase date, purchase value and

Speaker 1  42:30
depreciation. So basically, okay, I'm tracking with you, and that RG would govern depreciation. So you could, you could say, but so how would, how would, if you ran a report on depreciation, how would you simultaneously account for a zero depreciation and back in depreciation at the same time, like both of those events need to be reality inside of depreciation reporting?

Unknown Speaker  42:59
Yeah, yeah, well,

Matthias Miller  43:07
if you're running depreciation reporting off of accounting, then basically what would happen is, is, I mean, we could run it like, assist us, where it's basically, what's the current value? What does the value need to be? What's the end date? What does the value need to be? And so if the building got is, there's a buyback, then we do a Delta to zero out depreciation, depreciation, or zero out the value of the building, or there's a sale event. Okay? The other way. The other way that okay, if you leave UX out of the out of the equation, the other thing that really makes sense is for the for the building to be the building, and to have the product basically be an inventory item. And the inventory item is basically, when did you buy it and how did you get rid of it? And there's start and end dates, when it's in your inventory. And I

Speaker 1  44:06
hold on one second. Matthias, I think summer spending can help that discussion that you deliver that trying to deliver their comment there came to put, I guess, more money down. She was trying to know how to do that. She's texting me, I can't take this call. Can you or Francine or

Speaker 5  44:22
send her to Allison. Allison can send a stripe invoice to her. I

Speaker 1  44:26
don't know if Allison has her phone number, Allison, just

Unknown Speaker  44:32
Allison from another she can chat her with her Google Chat. I

Speaker 1  44:45
I'm sorry. I've got a I've got a dealer trying to handle something and she doesn't know how to handle it. Okay, back to your questions.

Unknown Speaker  44:56
Logically, you

Matthias Miller  44:59
just. Want to track inventory. When did this thing enter inventory? When did it exit

Speaker 1  45:07
inventory? And the depreciation side would be handled with inside of GL accounts on depreciation

Matthias Miller  45:15
right, or custom reports that look at those values and I

Unknown Speaker  45:24
we can

Matthias Miller  45:27
and here's where I'm a little torn and try to tease apart which one I believe in the most I'm a little torn between. Do you prioritize simplicity? Is it gonna bite it? Go ahead.

Speaker 1  45:41
Okay, I think, I think the guiding principle on a conversation like this is that is defensibility. You have to be able to both from a from a tax standpoint, well, an accounting in this tax standpoint, to be able to defend your depreciation and to be able to defend it easily. So if you're ever audited on depreciation, it obviously, however we go about this, it needs to make sense. And secondarily to that, I want, and I think I so. I have gone round and round and round and round and round with external accounting firms when it comes to RTO depreciation, and it's always something really, really hard for them to understand. And so defensibility is going to be the it's going to be the name of the game on this.

Matthias Miller  46:33
Okay, so what if we had, what if on the product? I don't know how this works on inventory from a I don't know how this works from a user experience perspective, but what if on the product, we basically had inventory events, and it would be it's basically transit tasks, and it'd be transit test, so it's delivered to the customer, which is a as presumably, that's the transfer of ownership to the RTO company, right, correct. And then there's a retrieval, which simply means it's available for new contract, but it doesn't change ownership. And then there's a buyback in which it

Unknown Speaker  47:24
leaves

Matthias Miller  47:28
the company's ownership, and that's all tied to the building record, so any given point you can easily deduce when the building that's all very defensible. And then depreciation calculations, we just need a smart way to know, is this currently in the in the possession

Unknown Speaker  47:48
of of the

Matthias Miller  47:51
company, or not? I mean, it's it's all then what was the purchase value? What's the salvage value? Where are we at? What's the depreciation term, and then if we sell it, then we need a sale event, transaction that gets pushed across to the books. I

Unknown Speaker  48:27
yes, no, maybe,

Matthias Miller  48:38
oh, another way to say this, in the even simpler way, is just a, effectively an ownership RG,

Speaker 1  48:51
so are we trying to, I don't know. Okay, stupid question. Are we just trying to avoid doing a secondary record for it with like a dash one, dash two, dash three, some kind of thing on the stand. Are we trying to avoid that? Technically, that feels like the more right way to do it.

Matthias Miller  49:12
But we can have duplicate there's no reason why we can't have duplicate building records like we're not keying them off the we can't key them off of the the serial number, because you can't guarantee that two manufacturers won't manage to come up with the same serial number. I mean, they shouldn't, but you can't guarantee that they won't.

Unknown Speaker  49:34
Well, okay,

Speaker 1  49:39
in my when it comes to the product record, I think we should, we should do an internal serialization,

Unknown Speaker  49:50
and we should also field for manufacturer serialization, a. Um, hang on a second. Let me just look at something real quick here.

Speaker 1  50:07
So right now, in RTO Pro, they feel for a model number and a serial number. I think the model number thing is a bit redundant. I do think, I mean, we, we could, you know, obviously, record wise, we filled a Num ID for the record ID. And, you know, maybe it is that we use some of that, you know, internally, yep, you know, for record look up, etc. But same time, we also need a a Manu Fauci, manufacturer serial number that can be have duplications on right the system. So that, if you went and looked up, you know, s 250, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and there's five different matches, well, then you got five different matches on it. So if we did that, that would allow us to have the same serial number on the same like for for a situation like this from the manufacturer, and and carry two different records for it. And so then depreciate, purchase contract buyback can all be handled inside of one that record. And then if that thing comes back into inventory again, we just treat it like a brand new building, even though we're building, even though we're carrying the same

Matthias Miller  51:25
stin number. Does, does the does the purchase price is the purchase price based on what the customer pays on the contract,

Speaker 1  51:32
the purchase price is based on whatever the RTO company pays the manufacturer for it.

Matthias Miller  51:37
But that's not a standard. I mean, that could be variable.

Speaker 1  51:44
So in the event that I'd have to double check with Leanne on this, but I think that in Okay, purchase price would be whatever the cash price is on the contract technically should be the purchase cash price on the contract. Now what we actually pay the manufacturer for that could be less down payment, etc, etc, so I'm a little bit incorrect in what I just said. So whatever the cash, whatever the cash price is on the contract, is what's legally binding between the RTO company and the and the and the customer, yep. And I think we should hold to that, although I don't necessarily think RTO Pro does. I think you can have a different cost on the building, like they should you

Matthias Miller  52:40
adjust it? Should you technically, then have some kind of cash value adjustment, or a premium or a I don't know, something,

Unknown Speaker  52:54
to make those adjustments. I

Matthias Miller  53:06
It doesn't make sense to me why you would. It doesn't make sense to me why you'd want to. This is one

Speaker 1  53:16
of these things where I really want to, I really want to stamp my hand on the table and say contract price and building price must always align. And I promise you, as soon as I do that, somebody's going to come up with a scenario where those two shouldn't align. I don't know what that is, but I'm afraid of it.

Unknown Speaker  53:36
But isn't but, but,

Matthias Miller  53:39
but the two okay, this is, this is playing devil's advocate. So we think this is true in an ideal world. And yes, there is a way where you can adjust it. You can take you can adjust the the you can create adjustment to that value. But you entered on the building as a price override with a justification, reason or something like that. Should we actually need to do that?

Unknown Speaker  54:13
Say that one more time?

Matthias Miller  54:14
Okay, if we get backed into a corner, then we can on the building records say, I need to override the value of this building. It's not cash value or contract value, it's something else. And then we adjust

Speaker 1  54:35
depreciation unlinked, linked or unlinked to a contract.

Matthias Miller  54:41
It's just on the building, just right on the building itself. Here. Here's my thought this. This may be just stupid and simplistic, but the first contract on a building determines the building value, and then. Then you can have contract, contract, contract, contract, and the last one, and as soon as you do a buyback, you can't have any more contracts on

Speaker 1  55:09
that building. Yeah, cash sale, or, or, or, or cash. Well, probably we ought to call it. We probably ought just it's usually a universal term of a cash sale. It's because cash could be back to the manufacturer. Could be a customer. Okay, got it.

Matthias Miller  55:24
Thank you. So, so you can have only one, one contract with a cash sale event that ends the contract. By definition, a cash sale ends the contract,

Speaker 1  55:31
right? Because, because that, that triggers a depreciation event to to fully depreciate the

Matthias Miller  55:35
building, correct? And so at that point, that building now becomes unavailable for any further contracts, that's right. And the building can very easily say, oh, when was the first contract? Where's, where's my first contract, and how much am I worth? And the building can also say, oh, was I was there a cash sale? When was that? And what, how much was it? And then, based off of that, the building infers from the contract with the what the purchase date was, with the purchase amount was, and what the what the sale date and sale amount was, and in First all, and then, and then, of course, salvage value and all this other kinds of stuff is a separate conversation. But then, based off of that, that will trigger all of the accounting events and depreciation can be calculated off of

Speaker 1  56:24
that. So just to clarify what I one piece in here, then, is that any successive contracts on a particular building will have a different cash value on the contract versus the original cash value of the building. And we have to be able to allow that, because you might have bought that building for $5,000 it might have been repoed, we put it back and we reread it for 4500 so, like there, there can be a disparity between, you know, successive contracts, cash value in the original price of that building. So we are handling, we need to be able to handle for differences in those prices at the same time, I do think we need to be able to, you need to be able to edit the value of that building. So, for example, you put the wrong value, well, sorry, yeah. Or you put the wrong value in when you, when you entered the thing and whoops, now you need to go back and fix the the the actual cash value of that building, which, I mean, I think there needs to be, probably warnings and so on and so forth that you are impacting depreciation on that building. And we probably are going to enter in a whole conversation about what are the depreciation accounting records that go along with that? But I think, I think you probably already have an idea for

Matthias Miller  57:40
that. I think, I mean, what we've done historically is we've adjusted the initial transaction, we've kept the historical depreciation records intact, and then we just start recalculating depreciation going forward. And so you'll you'll pay, you'll depreciate. It slightly higher, at least, for accounting depreciation, slightly higher going forward than you would have otherwise, or slightly lower, whatever. But the question I would have to that is, you say you got the cash price wrong. Did you get the contract value wrong?

Matthias Miller  58:17
You entered the contract wrong? Is that what happened?

Speaker 4  58:21
Yeah. I think

Speaker 1  58:26
that is going to end up being a question of user experience entry, that the potential exists for something like that to happen. If you are if all of these records are created separately from each other, the potential exists that you do have a mismatch. Now you could validate for a mismatch against the the value of the building and the value of the contract, and say, Hey, you got a mismatch here. But in RTO pro currently, there is a process whereby you create all like you step through all the creation of those records, and you can miss, miss input the building over the what you know, what you calculate the contract to be when you enter the contract record. So I guess some of that, some of that is, you know, when you are entering a brand new contract and building at that time, I think we can validate for some of those things, or however, however we're going to walk through that user experience, but and minimize any situation like this, but the potential exists. There's probably other scenarios that somebody wants to go edit a building, and I just can't think of

Matthias Miller  59:28
one right now. Okay, so we went from saying, so you don't want to you went from a deep conviction that we want to tie the building value to the contract,

Speaker 1  59:40
yeah, but you like, at some level you can't, because if for successive contracts, the value of the building and the value of the of the contract is going to be different

Matthias Miller  59:50
from each other. It's it's tied to the it's tied to the to the initial contract for the building, initial entry, initial entry, the first time you buy the building. Now I'm going to also assume that you're going to have to have adjust. If you refi the building, and you might want to incur a loss in the building immediately, because they had it full of pot plants. And so that's an incurment of loss, potentially.

Matthias Miller  1:00:19
So I understand the need for adjusting the value of the building, but can we say that the first time you buy the building, the cash value of that building is the value cash The cash price of that contract is the value of the building?

Speaker 1  1:00:38
I think the answer is no, and the reason is that I think there, there. I can't think of a valid reason, but I've heard about this before that there is some loopholes in some states that allow you to to inflate the price the contract over the price of the building. Most, most states actually straight out prohibit it, but there, I think there are some states that allow for it Okay, or maybe there was some RTO companies that attempted a loophole. I think there was a lawsuit at one point over this in one state as well. But more than likely what's going to end up happening if we don't, if we don't allow for that to happen at the point of entry, most likely somebody at some administrative or user level is going to go do it, going to go edit the value of that building afterwards. So maybe we should allow for it initially. I don't know. We could. I am, this is, this is, this is, this is one of those things that, man, I would love to one. I want it to be easy. It's this is a conversation of easy and defensible and flexibility against flexibility and like I want to let like. One of the things I want to champion in this software is that you have a lot of flexibility to do the things that you want to do at the same time. We got to limit stupidity.

Matthias Miller  1:02:09
That's a full time job.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:13
Ain't that the truth?

Matthias Miller  1:02:14
Okay, so what if we did this? Because we're already saying contract entry is a separate process. The most logical way, is actually to say, to have the building record declare I was purchased on this date. Well, no, it's really a sale date, because at the point that the contract is signed, you're committing to the sale, right? Or no, it's an order date. This is the order date. Contract was signed. I committed to buy the building from the manufacturer, right? Yep. Now the the delivery date, and that happens prior to the building being delivered. I'm assuming that delivery date is the point at which it actually hits your books as this is your building, literally,

Speaker 1  1:03:08
that's right, right? It's the same transfer of ownership conversation you have on, yeah, that's right,

Matthias Miller  1:03:14
yeah, exactly. Okay. So, so I'm going to assume that

Speaker 1  1:03:19
in theory. I mean, there's, there are situations, I know there are situations where RTO companies will will begin an RTO contract before the point of delivery for whatever, like. Here's a prime example. We've had this happen in the past where customer says, Hey, I'm buying this building. I want to go ahead and start my RTO contract. I'm not gonna be ready for this thing, but I want to, you know, go ahead and build it. Sit it sit it on your lot and and like it's sat there for three, four months before the customer says, Okay, now I'm ready to take it. But they went ahead and started the RTO contract, right? So there are, there are situations like that out there, but for the most part, uh, delivery is the point of establishment of that contract

Matthias Miller  1:03:59
well, but it's delivery, presumably, does that live on the well, okay, so sure, there could be some other but then, okay, so you have a, you have an order date on the building. Hold on a

Speaker 1  1:04:15
second. This is, this might be fairly easy. So when you're entering a contract any building, we validate that those two align. If they do not align, you get a message that says, Hey, your contract and your building or your product do not align in value. Do you want to continue? Yes or No? If they say yes, then you got to tell us why you got to it stores that on both the building and the sales order.

Matthias Miller  1:04:39
This is illegal in most states. Well,

Speaker 1  1:04:42
I mean, I'm not going to tell you what's legal and what's not legal. I'm just going to make you I'm going to make you say why you did it, and it's going to get stored onto the onto the contract record and onto the building record.

Matthias Miller  1:04:53
Well, or you can say, unless somebody really needs to do it a lot. I. Yeah, I would, I would say, actually, you just, you give them in the entry process. You say, override the building value, yeah. Then, then you have, what's the value? What's the justification? And both are required,

Speaker 1  1:05:11
yeah, and it needs to be a fairly high user permission level to

Speaker 4  1:05:16
do it, yeah, okay. I mean,

Speaker 1  1:05:21
let's, let's let's give, let's give people the flexibility to be stupid, but then you're gonna have to say why you were stupid. And if a person goes, and then I know there's going to be some RTO company that goes, Oh, I see that. It put a note there. I'm just gonna delete the note. But, yeah, guess what? You can't delete modification history Exactly. And it's like, it's still there. You

Unknown Speaker  1:05:48
there it's gonna be, I kid you not.

Speaker 1  1:05:50
There's gonna be a day. I foresee a day I'm gonna get called into court because some RTO company's getting sued, and they're gonna say this happened, and yet this person says it didn't happen, and this person says it did happen. Can you prove it? And I go, hold on, two seconds, modification history, yes, so and so did it right here. Here's the date, time. I don't know why they did it, but here it is. It'll be fun. We

Matthias Miller  1:06:16
can tell you this user account was used to make this change to the database. Somebody could have impersonated them. Somebody could have broken

Speaker 1  1:06:23
into the computer. Yes, welcome to welcome to sec level audit trailing.

Matthias Miller  1:06:27
Hahaha, I love it. Okay, so on the contract, then we have a Oh, and by the way, I

Speaker 1  1:06:40
don't think we wouldn't need to store that note on the contract record that gets stored on the building level,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:45
Right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:06:51
now the so the customer down payment, i

Matthias Miller  1:07:09
What's the the RTO company down payment? Remind me what that is. Again I'm

Speaker 1  1:07:32
I do not Well, unless you're gonna I don't know what that specifically references to, unless, unless you were attempting to make a reference to the fact that we bought the building for, you know, a couple $100 less than the actual cash value. Because we are going to be we're paying, no, sorry, we're paying the manufacturer for a couple $100 less for the down payment that they just kept in their pocket, right? I don't know that that's what you were trying to say, or not. But otherwise I have no

Matthias Miller  1:08:04
idea. I mean, you have the customer down payment. So then, well, I think, I think what we said is, are there any cases in which the RTO company collects the customer down

Speaker 1  1:08:16
payment? I mean, I expect there will be, because if we have a manufacturer portal, or some kind of dealer portal that you know, if you're doing an RTO contract, you just jump over to this dealer portal, and at that point, the payment could go directly into the RTO company's bank account. But, I mean, I don't know that we would necessarily define that differently from say anything else, because it's going to go straight to the contract record or the payments RG as a down payment.

Matthias Miller  1:08:45
The main thing is, if the RTO company can collect record, if the customer goes in, signs the contract, sets up an account with the RTO company, and the and the down payment goes to the RTO company, then we need to pay the manufacturer the whole amount of the building, otherwise they have it in hand. And I think that's where the RTO company down payment may have come in. So,

Speaker 1  1:09:06
so this really comes to the to the accounts payable side of of the RTO company on what are we paying the manufacturer for the building, right? So if the RTO company collects the down payment, we pay the whole entire thing to the manufacturer. If the manufacturer says, you know, I'm gonna here's, here's a here's a contract, and here's the money the customer paid, you know, if they send a check along with it, well, then it's the same as the RTO companies collected the down payment. But if they are, if the manufacturer says, Hey, by the way, in order to keep things fun and clean, we're going to collect the down payments going to go in our bank account, and you're going to pay us the difference on the building.

Matthias Miller  1:09:43
So what if we just have on the contract? Say, Who is the down payment collected by manufacturer or to company?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:55
Maybe

Speaker 1  1:09:58
you're saying field is on the contract. Record, yeah. And so ideally, then, if the contract were to be entered through one of our portals and a credit card was run, it goes directly in there, it would just automatically field that automatically, and it would write to it. It would say, collected by the manufacture, by the by RTO, that's fair, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:10:27
yeah. I think that. I like that. I think Fielding, that would be who, whatever field you want to call it, who collected the down payment? Sure, and if it's if that is set as manufacturer collected. And I guess it's really two options. It's manufacturer collected, or the RTO company collected it. It's really just two options.

Matthias Miller  1:10:49
Well, because another way to do this is just have a manufacturer like, down payment collected by manufacturer, okay? Like, does the contract I guess the contract terms do vary. The contract calculations do vary based on the size of the down payment, right? That's that's not the same as just a making, making a payment on the contract. Like, we can't just record the down payment as a just regular plaging payment on the contract, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:16
Um, I expect not because of CRA s, right.

Matthias Miller  1:11:21
Okay, so then I'm gonna guess it's it is the manufacturer premium, premium on a per sale basis, or is that on a per building purchase basis?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:34
What do you mean by per sale basis? We need to

Matthias Miller  1:11:41
allow premiums to be paid separately. So I don't

Speaker 1  1:11:44
understand. Premiums are usually calculated as a percentage of the price of the building, whenever we whatever the manufacturer, whatever the RTO company purchases it for. Now that being said, this gets complicated, because there are going to be different premiums for different manufacturers based on that rent to own company. So that a rent to own company may work with manufacturer a, manufacturer B, manufacturer C, and those three may have different premium rates and everything from, I expect, a percentage to a straight dollar value. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:12:22
needs to be stored on manufacturer as a percentage or dollar value and but then this, this premium, this premium gets paid to the just wanna make sure get this. This

Unknown Speaker  1:12:37
gets to the manufacturer record.

Matthias Miller  1:12:41
Yes, it's contact record, and

Speaker 1  1:12:43
that will be, that will be part of contract entry for you to say what manufacturer it came from, which would come from, down from some sort of

Unknown Speaker  1:12:52
filtered list, which will be on the building record,

Matthias Miller  1:12:56
correct? And so, and this gets paid to the RTO company. Well, okay, but, but then here's the question,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:04
What will you mean to the manufacturer, or

Matthias Miller  1:13:06
sorry to the to the Yes to the manufacturer. I got this wrong. This is paid from RTO company to the manufacturer, okay. But if, if the Okay, we sell an RTO a new building. RTO contract, we pay what's a, what's a typical percentage, 4% 4% so I paid 4% to the manufacturer. Great, all right, we retrieve the building, but we own it. Manufacturer says, oh, go like this. Sammy over here, wants this building. Do I pay him a 4% on the sale or on the second RTO contract, or do I sell it on the

Unknown Speaker  1:13:46
purchase of the building? Spin that again.

Matthias Miller  1:13:49
Okay, obviously, the first time you sell a building, you pay the 4% if I'm if the RTO company owns the building and the manufacturer resells it, do you think is this, is it 4% for the contract, or is the 4% for the

Unknown Speaker  1:14:08
Okay, so

Speaker 1  1:14:10
are you talking with a buyback or not? With a buyback? No buyback, no buyback. So the building gets retrieved and the manufacturer resells it out of the kindness of his heart is usually paid a something like 10% commission for the sale of that. Like we don't pay them. We don't technically pay a premium at that point,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:31
but you can pay a commission. Yeah, it's kind

Speaker 1  1:14:34
of like you would pay any sales rep, because usually that gets passed on to the through the manufacturer sales rep as a because the man the dealer gets a a the sales rep gets a commission to sell a building. And most sales reps, or most manufacturers in their sales reps, they don't distinguish between an RTO sale or a cash sale, right? And so a lot of. Times, there is a the RTO company will pay a commission out for the resale of a building that's on their books, and so probably on the manufacturer record. We need to do have a premium setting calculation, and we need to have a commission setting calculation, and we probably need to have a some type of hauling, agreed hauling calculation oftentimes done as a percentage of the price of the building.

Matthias Miller  1:15:38
Oh, this just got fun. See, if we get in the weeds. Now, okay, so the product, then let's

Unknown Speaker  1:15:47
go over to the product.

Matthias Miller  1:15:51
Okay, then we have

Unknown Speaker  1:15:56
purchase date,

Matthias Miller  1:15:58
not sure if we need the order date.

Speaker 4  1:16:02
Mm, probably do for counting, because you have,

Speaker 1  1:16:09
I guess it goes to the whole thing of, go ahead. I can see whereby a, let's Okay, here's, here's the scenario. We have built a API integration with shed app or shed suite. Contract gets sold at the manufacturer. It pushes that data to us. Contract records created, building records, created customer records, created all that's created, and then that goes on a list, and then at some point, we say, Start of contract, right? And that would then write so you would, you would want to store the order date. In that scenario, you would also need to store a starter contract date as well. Now, in relation to the product, how that, how that impacts the product is that you have both a, I don't know if it's an order date, purchase date, and start of depreciation date, but there's, like, maybe it's two dates, I don't know some somewhere in there. You have to have essentially a depreciation start point, but you should also store a, like, when did that thing come onto my books, potentially, kind of

Matthias Miller  1:17:23
okay? It seems to me like maybe I'm just too seems to me from the shit app, it doesn't show up in my world until they sign saying I'm buying this building, right, correct. And that, to me, is the order date. This is when I have made a legally binding commitment to buy this building from the manufacturer, right, correct. So this is based on contract signature,

Speaker 1  1:17:53
but to clarify, that is not start of depreciation, right? And nor is it start a contract

Matthias Miller  1:17:59
from the customer, but not, but does not put the with the building on the books. But then there's the, I don't know what the right the sale date or the purchase date, which is the date when it can be one of two things, but it's, but it's, it's the date that the ownership changes from the manufacturer changes.

Speaker 1  1:18:29
I know part of me wants to say, from the product side, it's started depreciation. Is it purchase date? I don't know. Like we can some of the naming nomenclature here is going to get we can argue somewhat back and forth, but I think we, I think you and I both understand the trigger points on this pretty clearly. It's, it's however, however we end up naming it. It needs to be WYSIWYG like. It needs to be fully understandable that if it's, if it's purchase date, is it order date and purchase date, you know, and I do, I do kind of want to lean towards this idea, order date, purchase date, and for the product, start of depreciation, I there seems to be, I get A little bit worried about locking us into, like, I like do we ever want to is there ever a situation where we say this book, this contract, came to us as an order date on X date, we purchased it at X date, but for whatever Reason, we are not starting depreciation to this date. I Yeah, and for the most part, you know, purchase date and start a depreciation date should align. But I says, I think there is some scenarios that I've seen. I'm not coming up with one immediately, but where there was a there was a a different start. Depreciation date. Okay? RTO Pro does a so they have a begin depreciation date on their record. They also have a begin warranty date. And usually, like, oftentimes, like, I'm looking at a particular record, when was it received? Okay, so this one was received on 616 2016 for whatever reason, depreciation started on six. One

Matthias Miller  1:20:34
is that for whole month depreciation? Yes, they

Speaker 1  1:20:40
correct, because the agent on this is the agent the the depreciation agent on this, I think, was straight line, length of contract. So we're gonna have to, we're gonna have to field some of that when it comes into methods of depreciation. So we are going to have to have a depreciation begin date, right?

Speaker 1  1:21:20
And we probably can put a pin in that, that that's going to be probably several calls worth long on handling all the different methods of potential depreciation and the impacts to that on, you know, the product record and start dates and and so on, etc.

Matthias Miller  1:21:37
Do we want to maybe I'm thinking way too much of this. I am thinking about this way too much from a, okay, so this, this, here's another way to say this. You can also do contract signature date, read from linked contract, right? And then you could say contract start date. You and then you you can have, I mean, couldn't you theoretically say, like, this is just where it gets weird, technically, from a contract calculation standpoint, I

Matthias Miller  1:22:23
don't all payments. Don't, theoretically all payments prior to the customer getting the building. Shouldn't that legally, actually be a, just be a series of down this is so just stupid and ridiculous down payments. You You're basically putting down payments on auto, auto pay.

Speaker 1  1:22:47
Okay? The question then becomes, because, essentially what you're saying is treating it like an accounts receivable. It goes into an accounts receivable account until and it's not realized revenue. Is that what you're saying? Yeah. I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:23:01
there's two ways to think about it. Think about it. One, is really the customer saying, despite the fact I never got the building, I mean, I received the building, it's just I have ownership of the building. I just decided I want it delivered to the manufacturer's location lot or the RTO company's lot, something. But

Unknown Speaker  1:23:22
if you actually do, if you actually treat

Speaker 1  1:23:24
I will bet you dollars to donuts right now that RTO Pro does not handle the initial down payment unless I think if you load it in as a PO there is a method in RTO Pro that you can load in a contract, a building and a contract as like a purchase order, and you can take a down payment. And I think that holds in some type of AR account. Um, but from a simplistic standpoint, RTO pro looks at everything that you enter as as a startup contract. It's like, it's there is, unless you upload it in a very particular manner. It is treated as it's a purchase building. It's start a contract. So we are going to need to be able to load contracts with down payments that have not started yet, that need to sit in an AR account. And I think you're right in the in the event that someone has not taken delivery theoretically has not, like sales tax should not theoretically be triggered yet, because that building has not been, has not been,

Matthias Miller  1:24:31
technically been sold

Speaker 1  1:24:35
now. So, but you do, honestly, that's an interesting concept, because, because a RTO contract, from a sales tax standpoint, is always calculated off the payment. So if payments are running, I think the state would like to say that we owe them sales tax,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:57
even on even

Unknown Speaker  1:24:59
on. The payment,

Matthias Miller  1:25:04
or does that liability get triggered at the point of sale and you back pay? Well,

Speaker 1  1:25:09
okay, if you want to get into semantic there is no point of sale until they fulfill the terms of the contract.

Matthias Miller  1:25:13
Well, okay, that's fair,

Speaker 1  1:25:16
but that's true. Okay? I I'm going to say this. I think that whatever goes on the rent to own contract, and it's down payment. I Boy, I almost feel like I need to talk to someone who understands that a whole lot better. Because I think, I think the argument is going to be that whatever the signature date of that contract is, is start a contract like that is the point the rent so that in the sales side that would be, that would be considered delivery, the transfer of ownership point the moment you put your name and date on that and you put a down payment and you started a red tone contract, and it's from doesn't matter where that building sitting on your lot, or it's sitting somewhere else, it's sitting in outer space. If you if you made a down payment and you signed that contract, and that date on that contract says whatever date it is, that's the start point.

Matthias Miller  1:26:24
So aren't you effectively saying that the one to 2x monthly payment, down payment is just to cover the contract until you actually get the building and then we start automatic payments at that point?

Matthias Miller  1:26:42
I or do the terms, the terms don't start from the time of signing. Do they or do

Unknown Speaker  1:26:58
they? I think they do. I do?

Speaker 1  1:27:03
I think they do. I think there is, there are two things that constitute contract in rent to own. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna say this, but that, I think I need to get some, some other opinions on this. But I I'm pretty sure that what constitutes a contract is you signed it and you made money. You gave money, which is really, really interesting, because that's where this whole zero down RTO contract is really, really sketchy, because you may have signed a document, but you paid no money. I think in strict technical terms, though, that what establishes the beginning of that is the signing of the contract, whether you paid money or not.

Matthias Miller  1:27:47
That seems logical to me, but yeah, logic doesn't always apply. No, I

Speaker 1  1:27:52
think, I think that is correct. And so if that, if that contract is signed, then whether the building's built, delivered, or anything like all of that is somewhat, is somewhat a moot point in that we signed a contract with a customer for X building with x in number, and the fulfillment of that building at your at your place of residence, or wherever it's going to be, is a not really play a factor. And like, that's like the customer can if we would never build a building and bring it out to the customer is not going to keep paying, and the contract would be terminated, and they would have the right to say, I want all my money back, and could legally say, so.

Matthias Miller  1:28:37
So, okay, you need to clarify this, because this is just,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:43
it's really important.

Matthias Miller  1:28:45
It's really important. I think what we're saying, though, is that most of the financials actually do end up getting stored on the building record the financials related to the purchase of the building, including things like, well, manufacturer, premium, premium, percentage, slash dollar copy from manufacturer record,

Matthias Miller  1:29:13
the hauling would be on the contract.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:21
Wait, what do you mean by the hauling is on the contract?

Matthias Miller  1:29:26
No. How does the hauling percentage work? Is that also with the purchase of the building, every time you buy it, you pay a hauling percentage, or you deduct a hauling percentage.

Speaker 1  1:29:38
The hauling percentage usually is in relation to retrievals and re deliveries. That's where that usually comes in. So usually a building is delivery on the initial on the on the initial buy is handle like is included in. In the price of the building. Okay? So most, most people say, Okay. Most manufacturers say you get 30 to 50 miles within that, if there is, if there's additional delivery costs that is paid directly to the manufacturer, and it does not go to through the RTO company,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:21
yep. So the

Speaker 1  1:30:25
delivery percentage or calculation is generally in relation to, if I go, if you, if I send a repo order to you as a driver, as you as a manufacturer, then this is what I'm I am expecting to pay you X percentage of the building is usually what it is. Sure you know when it comes to, when it counts, comes to an accounts payable side of this thing, we need to have a way to override or hire those things get done. But I think it's, it's valuable to store that information so that if you make a deal with a manufacturer, you know what you made a deal with, whether we're going to use it as part of, you know, building out invoicing or other things. It's that can be a future conversation. But it's valuable to know, what did you negotiate with that manufacturer to say, I will agree to pay you X percentage if you repo a building for me, right? Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:31:20
so manufacturing commission is on here, hauling calculation. Can punt a little bit on the product, then we have manufacturer premium, manufacturer down payment collected.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:39
That's the who collected,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:41
right? I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:32:06
um,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:08
are we dealing strictly with product record at this

Matthias Miller  1:32:12
point? I mean, I'm trying to move some stuff from contract record over to product but sure.

Speaker 1  1:32:18
Um, well, if we're talking product record for a minute. We do need to have some sort of category tied to a list, probably a user definable list, so that you can say, you know, because it is, it is real nice to it is something you're going to want to go, I want to go look up all my barns. I want to go look up all my sheds. Or I want to go look up all my whatever that is. And

Matthias Miller  1:32:39
is that company specific or

Unknown Speaker  1:32:48
it's a good question. That's a good question. Uh,

Speaker 1  1:33:05
I could be talked into not making it company specific. There would be some value in making it company specific. Let's, let's go with non company specific at this point.

Matthias Miller  1:33:16
Eventually, do you want anybody to be able to add it, or do you need permissions to be able? Is permissions to be able to add?

Speaker 1  1:33:28
The way it's handled on RTO pro now is, it's just a string field, and so you can get all kinds of variations going on. I want to have it a little bit better than that and say, um, I think anybody can add to it?

Speaker 1  1:33:46
Yeah, I think anybody could add to that. But, I mean, ideally, you develop a you pop, you have, over time, you populate a list of of cat, you know, of types of, I guess we'll call it category. And so what it's, what it's going to allow you to do is you say, you know, let's go look up all my barns. And you know that I bought from this particular manufacturer and and you know, you can, you can do some data dives on some of those types of things.

Matthias Miller  1:34:18
So barn, animal shelter, greenhouse cabin, those might be things that you might throw in there. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:34:23
barn, shed, greenhouse, cabin, running shelter. I mean, if you want to, if you want to pre populate some things, that's fine.

Matthias Miller  1:34:30
We don't need to pre populate, but

Speaker 1  1:34:33
it might, actually, it might be good to just pre populate something like a barn, a shed and a cabin. So that way that when an individual goes and hits that field is like, Oh, I know what this it's readily available or readily, readily evident what it is. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:34:49
alphabetically, sorted, yes, okay, because people are going to nitpick. Sweet. So. Okay, well, that was a very Oof. So we're going to have a purchase. We're going to have a purchase amount. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:35:20
uh, contract start, and we need a purchase date. I really

Speaker 1  1:35:35
just want to give you a screenshot of the of the record of RTO Pro. But we're gonna, we gotta be very careful with

Matthias Miller  1:35:41
that. Yeah, I'd rather not be too secure with IP,

Speaker 1  1:35:46
because, I mean, he has stuff on here like inventory control, location, inventory control, date service, cost, retail pricing, RTO pricing, number of pieces, warranty begin like there's all of this. And then there's like, Loc, depreciate, depreciation per, I don't even know what that is. Begin like, there's all of this, this stuff in here that I get nervous, that we need to talk about. But,

Matthias Miller  1:36:22
well, I mean, do you have, I think this might be where the word gets out. You could, you could ask our do pro say, I just feel like we're not using the software well enough. Can you explain to me how this stuff works?

Speaker 1  1:36:39
No, actually, there is, there is help documentation. I can go look this

Matthias Miller  1:36:43
up. I mean, warranty, just that level of control just seems like it's a recipe for, like,

Speaker 1  1:36:55
okay, there's, there's always a balance in here to remember that there is a lot of things in here that go beyond what storage building manufacturers and companies use, because they're, you know, this software is also designed for things like TVs and couches and, Oh, I

Unknown Speaker  1:37:15
did not know that.

Speaker 1  1:37:16
And so therefore it's kind of one of one of those things where it's like we got to weed through and say, We need this, but we don't need this, right? Exactly, because, I mean, this is a core record. So, I mean, you tell me, do you want to jump onto something else and come back around to really, kind of digging through some of digging through some of these fields. Or do you want to? You

Matthias Miller  1:37:43
want to what? Let's take a giant step back. So, Giant, Super, giant setback. What do we realistically need to keep these guys busy, like the calculations piece is a huge piece for these detail screens to work. Is

Speaker 1  1:37:56
there value in bringing them back on and talk about it on the calculations. No, like your comment about, what do we? What do we you and I need to be intentionally working on to stay ahead of them. Since we are in a race,

Matthias Miller  1:38:12
I would start with Seth, maybe. And let me just find out from him, when would you be? This is usually his lunch break,

Speaker 1  1:38:31
because you and I can tangle up and talk about a whole bunch of things, but I'm a little bit afraid it's like we may have only moved their needle slightly.

Matthias Miller  1:38:38
I think we only did, but I think it also needs to be done in some capacity. I mean, like, I think there's also big questions too. Of like, I think we, I mean, we did a bunch of work in assist for things like CR, how to CRA, calculations work. One of the things, one of the other big things that we need for them, for contract data modeling, is,

Unknown Speaker  1:39:00
how do terms work,

Matthias Miller  1:39:04
like contract types and terms are the assist contract types, the only types of terms like, do you configure?

Speaker 1  1:39:14
I don't even know. So in assist, terms are configurable, which is the right thing.

Matthias Miller  1:39:20
But it's not just it's not just terms. They also have contract type, no there, but there's also.

Matthias Miller  1:39:35
There's also this list. You have standard versus CRA, and then you have standard with different cash handlings. And then you have CRA contract, either by cash received or monthly payment.

Speaker 1  1:39:54
And I would love for those to be records, so that you could you could actually say you. Uh, like, so that we can, so that you can, we can configure, okay, maybe it's, I would agree, because I don't think, right now, we don't. I

Matthias Miller  1:40:09
think it's something like, I think we need something like,

Speaker 1  1:40:14
Okay, so just, just to clarify, let's, let's clarify one thing there. This is a, really a two part conversation. One is, literally, I'm entering a contract that somebody else generated. That's one part of this conversation. Two is we need to have the capability to handle our own contract generation as well. So we do need a contract record. We do able to template contracts. Those contracts need to be like we're gonna have to have a little bit more complexity than what assist currently does to say, I have a I have a a wrench owned company and their list of contracts, and like the list of of like states and like where You actually template a contract in needs to be specific to the rent to own companies, because not all rent to own companies deploy the same kind of rent to own contract, like there's language differences and so on and so forth. So all of that, like the rent to own company governs that side, that side of things. So because, I think right now, we do have a rent to own company that can be assigned to a dealer record and some of that is definitely some of the same concept that we're going to need. But like, we have the state of Michigan, well, the state of Michigan might be, you know, we might have two rent to own companies that do work in the state of Michigan, and they're going to have different

Unknown Speaker  1:41:36
contracts from each other,

Matthias Miller  1:41:40
right? I think, I think it's, it's like, all this stuff needs to be fully configurable. Yes. I mean, I'm sure all this stuff needs to happen. There's a max price, max width.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:54
Is there? Yes, absolutely

Matthias Miller  1:42:01
available states.

Matthias Miller  1:42:09
We have and some of this stuff, I'm

Speaker 1  1:42:12
not sure that the state, I mean, the state, is a one to one ratio between is a direct ratio between the rent to own company and that state. So, like, okay, like, we can't, like, in the same contract is never reused for the same state, like, for, I'm sorry, for two different states.

Matthias Miller  1:42:34
So you have, so you have the RTO contract, which is the RTO company,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:41
the state.

Matthias Miller  1:42:43
And then you have the hang on and

Speaker 1  1:42:53
all of all of the other stuff that you just have right above there, what you know, allow or disallow security deposit. Allow or disallow increased security deposit does allow, you know, Damage Waiver fee, you know, Max price, max width,

Speaker 1  1:43:12
and so forth, now, well and then, and then, inside of the RTO contract, you also assign the allowable terms into it, and the allowable contract types

Unknown Speaker  1:43:36
aren't you sitting here?

Speaker 6  1:43:42
Do Can you do me a favor? Sorry, those croissants are still right

Speaker 1  1:43:52
there that I had gotten from mom, because I would like about a half of one if there is one.

Matthias Miller  1:44:02
So we have

Speaker 1  1:44:11
a the CRA versus standard for the con. You're talking about the contract type record, yeah, and this would be where you would template the language into it. Is that right?

Matthias Miller  1:44:20
I guess so, I mean, but it also affects calculations, right? Yes,

Speaker 1  1:44:23
but the the on our in assist, we the, there is a, yeah, there's an RG of

Unknown Speaker  1:44:31
of, well,

Speaker 1  1:44:34
there's an RG of disallowed ones. I almost wonder if argue with me whether it should be an RG of allowed ones or disallowed ones. But then there's also the allowed terms as well, or disallowed terms, I think.

Matthias Miller  1:44:48
But there's so few terms. Just you're not going to have that many terms, are you?

Speaker 1  1:44:57
No? But this is one of those things where. It's a understandability. It's like which, which do people think most people, in my mind, I think of including things versus disallowing things, right? I probably would go that route. So I would probably do an RG of allowed terms and an RG of allowed types. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:31
Okay, but the terms are on the terms. It's the month's

Matthias Miller  1:45:40
divisor and early purchase percentage. I'm not completely sure if I believe fully in this data model, but,

Unknown Speaker  1:45:48
man, worked great. What do you what don't you believe

Matthias Miller  1:45:52
when you're looking across multiple RTO companies, and I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  1:45:58
maybe divisor.

Speaker 1  1:46:01
I mean, the only thing I may say is that you do your terms by your RTO contract, or sorry, your RTO company. So every, every terms record would have an RTO Company record on it, as I agree. I think everything needs to. I

Matthias Miller  1:46:24
I mean, do we just seems okay, so in the on the contract itself,

Speaker 1  1:46:35
what's the what's the contract type thing? Oh, because we don't currently have a contract type record, and we're making it into a record. What's the down payment? I payment? I

Matthias Miller  1:46:44
don't know. How do we want to model zero down and save as cash?

Speaker 1  1:47:00
So the reason that we had Okay, the the plan had been to use include if language in the templating of the contract based on term types, so that if you have a 90 day same as cash, you could include or not include a section of the RTO contract. Now that the whole templating of a contract we're going to have to talk about, because I don't ever expect someone to have there's it's going to be rare that someone's going to have the knowledge that I did to who, when I went and wrote all those contracts in

Matthias Miller  1:47:39
well, and we realistically how many people actually

Speaker 1  1:47:44
want to, but nor do I, nor do I want to do the implementation of all their of someone's RTO contracts, putting them in so I know the way that the shed app does this, like on the on the RTO Company Portal, is that they have selectable fields that you can drop it like wherever your cursor is, you could click a field and it'll drop that with the data in there. That whole templating, templating side, templating side, is going to need to be a conversation on how We can make that as user friendly as possible. I

Speaker 1  1:48:40
uh, and maybe it is, I don't know, maybe it's, it's literally some sort of like on that, on that contract record is that, you know, you have a window off to the side that just, you know, gives a description and like the field, I don't know. I'm kind of getting ahead of myself here.

Matthias Miller  1:49:07
I think, I think maybe we go down the road of fillable PDFs, and then we have a process by which we can map out and say, This fillable PDF field gets this value, this gets that value, whatever. And and then maybe in their contract, I don't know if lawyers let you do this or not, but, but, you know, include same as cash, or, you know, contract allows same as cash. And then if, if the above is true, then here's the I don't know terms, I

Speaker 1  1:49:38
really the other way to handle this is that if somebody wants to do 90 days, same as cash, they we, we come up with a way that they just have to create another contract record for it. In other words, we don't, we don't like the other way we could go about this is, instead of doing contract types, is you specify that on the contract record itself. So you go, like, create a contract for every single type of. These. So if you want to do a 90 day savings cash you like, like we could put the onus more on the the templating side, rather than the flexibility like to create, rather than the flexibility of creating one contract and doing flexibility based on contract types in it.

Matthias Miller  1:50:14
So we could have a so you'd still keep terms separate, but you could have the contract specifies CRA or not. It specifies, okay, I'm assuming same as cash has some kind of back end implications.

Speaker 1  1:50:28
The CRA versus standard. Everybody's contracts already have that language baked into it. Okay? So you would need to sit like that contract type specification would need to be part of the contract type, like the 90s days, same as cash. A lot of RTO companies are are baking it directly into the regular contract. So like 90 days, same as cash language. Now some of the I do expect that some are going to want to say, no, we want to say, no, we want to handle it as a separate addendum. And so therefore we need to be able to do include if language or the other. Instead of doing include, if language, you go, go create another contract record for that state called Indiana, same as cash or 90 days, same as cash, kind of a concept.

Matthias Miller  1:51:20
But can we? Can we? Okay, I'm interested right now for I think, I think templates can be sold very easily some other way. I don't know how, especially if we're this granular in contracts, give us a template for this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, I kid you not. My shed on their bomb handling. Matthew black, they, they they literally don't have bomb rules. They have a tool that takes an Excel spreadsheet and multiplies it out, and that's how they do their bomb calculations for every size, building, etc, etc. Mind Blow, like a lot of people, have a lot higher tolerance for duplication than

Speaker 1  1:51:59
Oh, you're mind blown that way. So this was not a good thing. You're

Matthias Miller  1:52:04
saying. No, I was just like, really guys like, I mean, bomb done, right? They make it look so simple. And just like, ain't no way you guys are getting, I don't know, but you're like, likable guy and a good salesperson. So you can get away with it. You just know that Mark wouldn't be happy

Unknown Speaker  1:52:27
with that.

Speaker 1  1:52:28
Well, in the absence of capital to go create cool tools like software, you come up with other ways to do it. Then again, if you don't know how to, if you don't know how to conceptualize, uh, good spreadsheets and you don't know how to source grok or chatgpt or Claude to go figure these things out. You get into some crazy wild stuff. You do. I would love to show you the original commission calculation spreadsheet, dude, your brain would well, actually, you probably.

Matthias Miller  1:53:00
I did. I hated it. Oh, my goodness.

Speaker 1  1:53:03
Do you Do you realize the evolution of that thing that now is down to, like, drop dead simple spreadsheets, where everything happens on the same page, and it's like, love it, like all the calculations, like it is to the point now where I have I'm just about at the plate. If it wouldn't be if I had better modification history inside of a Google Sheet, that would be defensible. I probably would automate the data in through an API pool. But because we duplicate that thing every time, and then that has saved our butts so many times, because we duplicate that thing every time. I can go back in history, and I can pull up a historical spreadsheet and go, This is what that point I think I literally had a conversation like this last week, like going through a going through a defending the calculations, with the sales rep going, I don't think I was paying enough commission. What's going on. So it's like, literally, I open up five different spreadsheets and go, that was that point in time. That was that was that point in time, that's that point in time. So right that, you know, and you can, you can very quickly defend it. If it wasn't for that, and it wasn't for that, I would, I would 100 actually, actually, oh no, I could. That was still wouldn't work, because I'm storing that data. Dang it. I really want to automate that thing. I really want to automate that thing, but there is some, there is some extremely complex formulas in there that I cannot take credit for, because I'm sorry I would have never figured them out myself. Good old

Speaker 4  1:54:34
chat, CBT. It's too easy. It is. It's

Unknown Speaker  1:54:37
too easy. Now, are you?

Matthias Miller  1:54:38
Are you on board merging? So are you thinking merging contract type and RTO contract?

Speaker 1  1:54:52
It makes sense in my brain, as long as we can handle a standard. The CRA inside of the same contract.

Matthias Miller  1:55:03
Okay, so then this, this, so would it basically be and allow, allow, CRA, yes or no.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:12
Is that how it would work?

Unknown Speaker  1:55:15
Yeah, yeah, I think so.

Matthias Miller  1:55:17
Okay, so then, what about this? Okay, from

Speaker 1  1:55:19
everything, everything's, everything's a standard contract. But you can allow CRA, which means that we do other calculations and fill in, well, I mean, you end up filling in particular fields. Yes, allow CRA means that we have to fill in other fields. And if you want to do a 90 days, same as cash, then you do that as a like it becomes a contract name of Indiana dash, nine days, same as cash or something like that. From from the

Matthias Miller  1:55:43
buyback perspective, doesn't that mean that when you need to know, like normally, 90 days in your cash buyback is not going to be original cash value, it's going to be something else right.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:59
Back up. Okay, say it again on a

Matthias Miller  1:56:01
normal contract. I if I don't just standard, you know, 36 month contract, I make payments, and then I say I want to buy the whole thing back. That's different. What I'm going to owe at that point is different than what I owe on a same as cash contract, right? Okay,

Speaker 1  1:56:26
I'm confused on who we're talking about. Are we talking about customer or manufacturing customer, customer. So 90 days same as cash on a customer? Yes. Is that. The language is okay. The most recent one that we did on RTO contracts, which I haven't put in assist yet, but the language is right. In the language of the contract, everything functions like a regular RTO contract. You pay every single month, but when you get to the 89 days or the 90th day, you have the option to take everything that you've paid so far, minus the cash price the building plus tax and pay the difference.

Matthias Miller  1:57:04
Okay, I need to drop off. If you need a quick restroom breakdown, I need to drop off and grab some tamales. Grab some what? Tamales? Tamale? Delivery.

Unknown Speaker  1:57:13
What? Love tamales? Uh.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:21
Ah, Okey, dokey, yeah, here. Let me just grab This. Here. I'm

Unknown Speaker  2:01:11
so

Matthias Miller  2:01:14
allow CRA allow increased security pause security deposit, allow increased security deposit, solid Damage Waiver fee. I What about number of is there a minimum number of payments, or down payment? How do you do down payment minimum?

Speaker 1  2:01:36
Currently we're doing that through the whiskey portal in the Configure. And yes, that should 100% be a contract record setting.

Matthias Miller  2:01:48
And is that just a number of months, zero to two? I mean, like, like 012,

Speaker 1  2:01:58
you're going to hate me for this, but I almost want to say it comes with a type and a enumerator. So in other words, you could say, you could say amount, percentage and number of payments would be the three that I've seen.

Matthias Miller  2:02:14
Would you have, it's a possibility. Might have all three. You have to pay at least $100 it has to be, it has to be the greater of, or the lesser of, I don't know, $500 in two

Speaker 1  2:02:29
months. Sorry, no, I think we can be, I think we can be a little bit more specific than this. I think it's really only two types. I've seen percentage based, and I've seen and I've seen number of payments based, and that's where I think we should be

Matthias Miller  2:02:46
down payment.

Speaker 1  2:02:55
And it would be percent. Percentage would be calculated percentage of the cash price of the building.

Speaker 1  2:03:08
And next question should probably be, is that percentage of the cash price buildings, plus tax? And the answer to that, I think, is yes. But, I mean, that's all, that's all part of that goes into The conversation the macros that For contract creation. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  2:04:00
And does it make sense that the early purchase percentage is a factor of the terms? Yes,

Speaker 1  2:04:12
I mean, okay, yes, and yes, it's okay. Theoretically, you can mathematically derive what the what the payoff percentage should be based on divisor. But it's probably just easier to

Unknown Speaker  2:04:31
field it.

Speaker 1  2:04:33
There is one other thing that we need to field, and this is Aaron.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:37
This is this

Matthias Miller  2:04:40
same as cash number of days?

Unknown Speaker  2:04:44
Oh, yes, yes, indeed,

Speaker 1  2:04:47
there is one other thing, balloon payment, and that is specific to North Carolina, which does not have a rent to own statute, and it's treated as a some sort of lease under some sort. Lease category, and so requires balloon payment. Well, it's requires balloon payment, and generally it balloon payments are calculated as a percentage

Unknown Speaker  2:05:15
of

Speaker 1  2:05:18
the contract price. I'm not mistaken. I'd have to go evaluate that to be 100% sure. The way that we've handled in our North Carolina contracts in assist right now is that it's 11% of something, see, the 11% of the original price of the building, or 11% of the contract price. I'm thinking it's 11% of the contract price, which usually comes out to three payments. Is it is over the 11% and so therefore we just treat it as we define the balloon payment as three payments.

Matthias Miller  2:05:54
Well, could we just do balloon payment type? I

Matthias Miller  2:06:05
where it's either percentage or

Speaker 1  2:06:10
I've never seen it as a it's always a calculated dollar value,

Matthias Miller  2:06:17
but it might be calculated off the number of payments.

Speaker 1  2:06:21
So so it could be, it could be calculated off the contract price, or I, well, let's just

Unknown Speaker  2:06:40
go look. I've got North Carolina contracts. I can tell

Unknown Speaker  2:06:50
you. Well, these are salpinos for wicked man. I

Speaker 1  2:07:11
Let's do this. Oh, this is, of course I go click on a CRA contract, you silly man. Let's try this. Josh Hall,

Unknown Speaker  2:07:22
okay, this is better RTO sub subtotal, 4603 5046.

Speaker 1  2:07:32
Oh, 3.50 times point one, one. That would be $506.38 and

Unknown Speaker  2:07:49
where is this? I'm

Unknown Speaker  2:08:07
so I guess it is, hold on. Let me go ask Leanne real Quick. I

Unknown Speaker  2:10:30
Okay, I got a better idea.

Unknown Speaker  2:10:32
What's that? Let's do a, let's do

Speaker 1  2:10:40
let's do a either checkbox or some sort and say that says you have to indicate whether you're calculating the the percentage off of the contract price or off of the building off of the product price. So that way that we were covered in both scenarios.

Matthias Miller  2:10:58
So could we actually do this in both cases, just use the same list.

Unknown Speaker  2:11:13
Like this. I'm

Unknown Speaker  2:11:24
where's that?

Unknown Speaker  2:11:28
There's a dumb No,

Speaker 1  2:11:30
it's because you're talking about two different types of things, okay,

Matthias Miller  2:11:41
Just like this,

Unknown Speaker  2:11:54
something like that. What's number

Speaker 1  2:12:02
I would not use the number of payments if we, if we're going to go to this level, then we, then an RTO company can put in the exact law requirement

Unknown Speaker  2:12:12
for it. Is this a minimum.

Speaker 1  2:12:18
So the way that the North Carolina law reads. And I, like I said, I'm 99% sure it's from the cash price of the product, but I don't know if that's I don't know if there's other states out there that would they say off of the contract price. So I'm not 100% sure. So that's why I would say, let's support both. There's only two. There's only two numbers you can calculate off, you can calculate off, you can calculate off the product price, the contract price, and then it's whatever the dollar value percentage, or whatever the percentage you know. So North Carolina says it has to be the final payment on the contract in order to call it a legal complete of sale needs to be 11% I think of the contract price, 11% of, 11% of, yes, at least 11% of the cash price, not the contract price. I told you wrong there, because based on, based on the way that we've done this in the past three payments thing. So, yes, it needs to. It's, it's a minimum, like you have, that's what the minimum pay. Now, the truth of the matter is, nobody follows the rule. If a customer decides to to incrementally per month pay out to the very end of the contract in North Carolina, we just close it. And we don't ever send them the early cash payoff letter. We just close their account, right? So if we ever were audited and they said, Well, you know, they quit paying, they didn't pay the final amount, they don't own the building. And then we say to them, I don't know, we never sent them a payoff letter. They don't, they don't have the documentation saying they own it, but it's still sitting there, and we're no longer trying to collect on it. Is the way that we have always approached

Matthias Miller  2:14:02
it. Yeah, have always approached it. It's basically like a lost building right off. It's too much work to go get

Speaker 1  2:14:07
it exactly so it's but in this in this regard, we need to be if we feel that as part of the calculation, if we feel that and we have macros that do that calculation, then you can drop that macro into that spot on your RTO contract and have the exact minimum amount.

Matthias Miller  2:14:26
Okay, so here's homework for you. You

Unknown Speaker  2:14:51
Oh, late fee. How

Matthias Miller  2:14:56
does that get calculated? I.

Speaker 1  2:15:12
Do you want to field that as part of the state contract? And the answer to that is different states allow different things, so we can decide whether to field that here. Otherwise, we're gonna have to put it somewhere else, entire state reference to it. So why wouldn't we put it on the contract

Unknown Speaker  2:15:36
record? Seems sane.

Unknown Speaker  2:15:40
It seems like the right thing to do. And

Matthias Miller  2:15:42
is that $1 amount, or is it a it is it

Speaker 1  2:15:46
is a number of things. There is percentages that some states allow, there is dollar values that some states allow, and then there are other things where they allow, like this range.

Speaker 1  2:16:11
How is this handled? Where is this handled? In RTO, pro, can we make that a to do for me to figure out? Yep,

Matthias Miller  2:16:24
I have to copy also. Can we put the dwf amount on here? Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  2:16:31
See, yeah, huh.

Matthias Miller  2:16:34
Makes Mike makes us okay. This is your homework. So I think what we just said is we have

Speaker 1  2:16:43
two things. So hold on a second. Let me ask a totally different question before you go on. You said, if I go up into the search bar and type in to do underscore dB, how will it reflect what i How will it

Unknown Speaker  2:16:56
reflect in here, it'll show search column.

Unknown Speaker  2:17:00
Got it. I like that, sweet.

Matthias Miller  2:17:02
Okay, I have one other question. I don't know if I like this or not. Don't know, but I'm gonna guess terms advisors are commonly shared, which is why we don't want to put them on the contract right? Have an RG of terms

Speaker 1  2:17:19
I could be argued with to say you're generating a contract. We have an RG on there that says based one column is based to lists of month lengths. So 2436 48 and you know, probably, probably need to have something like that. I do have some No, no, it is you have a single list of of term lengths, 2436 4860 month. 2436

Matthias Miller  2:17:56
4860 Do you ever go after 60? Oh,

Speaker 1  2:17:59
yes, they go higher than 60. So it needs to be somewhat configurable. So we that would be, that would be a list in one column, and then the secondary column to that, and third. So like, why don't we just put this as an RG on the contract record? The whole thing that the term record, let's get rid of the term record, and let's just put it on the contract record and just make it an RG. Make it an

Matthias Miller  2:18:23
RG, that's what I thank you terms.

Speaker 1  2:18:30
So that way you can specify, when you know doing a state contract for an RTO company, you can specify, you build the terms right in there that you get to assign to it.

Matthias Miller  2:18:47
Now, are you saying early purchase percentage can actually be calculated?

Unknown Speaker  2:18:53
Well, in theory, yes.

Matthias Miller  2:18:56
And how terrible is that? Okay,

Speaker 1  2:18:58
so we're going to use 36 the way that the divisor for 36 month contract is calculated is to say 36 times point six. Zero gives you 21.6 Okay, so in theory, you can backwards math that to the percentage that you use, and it's the opposite percentage of that of that 60% which is a 40% that is what your early cash pay early cash payoff percentage is. So you can derive that from the 21.6 Did that make sense?

Matthias Miller  2:19:31
Okay? IE, 36 equals to 21.6 and then for the early purchase payment percentage, okay, what's the and then it's 21.6 divided by 36

Speaker 1  2:19:44
so in theory, no. Hang on a second, 21.6 so if you took 21.6 divided by point. Six zero. You come back to 36 if you know the point six zero. So, so it's just easier to feel that. I mean, it's just easier to field it

Matthias Miller  2:20:17
well, but their divisors vary. That's what I'm confused about so it's not literally times point 6.6. Is a factor that you use somehow, like South Carolina uses a different divisor then correct.

Speaker 1  2:20:33
But all of that equates to what is okay, the early cash bail percentage there is 55 right? So the other the other half of that is 45 so it's, it's 4048 times point four five would give you the 26.4 right?

Matthias Miller  2:20:47
So that's okay, so 48

Speaker 1  2:20:52
times point four five would give you, whoops. What are we using? 26 420, 6.4 Okay, hold on, 4848 times point five, 580 26 four. I don't think 26.4

Matthias Miller  2:21:11
divided by 48 is 5524 divided by 48 is 5030 is 58 there doesn't appear to be a perfect correlation.

Speaker 1  2:21:22
Wait a minute, that 48 South Carolina is wrong. Pretty sure the early purchase option for that should be point four, five. I'm pretty sure I think that thing is wrong,

Matthias Miller  2:21:39
okay, but if we go here 21 point 21.6 divided by 36 and 40% of so that's

Speaker 1  2:21:49
so the other way. The other way that we could do this Matthias is we, could we. Could we could field the Okay, this is one of these questions, whether do we feel that, like people think about it, or do we field it for calculation standpoint, because what you could do is you could say term length in months, and then you do the splits. So cash price, early payoff, split percentages. So you would force the individual to put those two in, and then we derive the divisor based off of that information.

Matthias Miller  2:22:17
Well, you can, you can do it however you want to it's or you could have edible fields to let people put in one or the other or both, if you wanted to, people think in terms of divisors or what.

Speaker 1  2:22:32
No, most of the time in conversation, people think in splits. Okay? So they say, okay, 36 month contract, 6040, split, or 48 month contract, what? 5050, split, a a 60 month contract, 58 you know, or 4258 split, or whatever, like, Okay, what's the first number? The first number is amount that goes to the cash price of the building. The second number is rental fee, percentage of every payment. So this whole entire conversation takes place pre tax, okay,

Matthias Miller  2:23:19
retax, this, this part does,

Speaker 1  2:23:21
right? All of this, all of the percentages and splits and etc, because there's, there's three components to every payment that a customer sends. It's the the cash price amount, the rental fee amount and the sales tax amount. Those are the three components you

Matthias Miller  2:23:48
so then the divisor is cash percentage is term length times cash percentage

Speaker 1  2:24:02
term length times correct. So I'm wondering if we ought to do a. We do we field in we input fields are A, is the month term length, the term length, and then the cash price percentage and the the rental fee percentage, and that that automatically fills in non editable field with divisors, so the person can see the divisor then

Matthias Miller  2:24:33
and then the early purchase payment percentage is, that

Unknown Speaker  2:24:36
is, that's, That's the, that's the the rental fee percentage.

Unknown Speaker  2:24:39
Okay,

Speaker 1  2:24:42
I I get the feeling you're not quite tracking with me.

Matthias Miller  2:24:46
I'm not fully, I mean, I understand the specifics, but I don't understand,

Speaker 1  2:24:50
grab a spreadsheet. We'll do we'll do this in a spreadsheet real fast, and I think it'll, it'll lock in for you. Okay, so make terms on the left. I'm. And secondary field will be cash price percentage.

Unknown Speaker  2:25:07
And we have

Speaker 1  2:25:08
rental you could call it rental fee percentage, or you can call it, well, that's exactly how you do that. So the rental fee, rental fee percentage and divisor are non editable fields. All you're going to put in is the cash price percentage. Okay, I like that. Maybe I just needed to see the spreadsheet. Because essentially, when you define the cash price percentage that that governs the divisor that governs the 21%

Matthias Miller  2:25:44
right? 21 point 6.6, you got it divisor,

Speaker 1  2:25:47
yes. And the rental fee percentage and the early cash payoff percentage are this exact same number, because the rental fee is what we are going to back out when you early cash payoff

Matthias Miller  2:26:01
right, because it's the cash, wait, this is the discount. That's what I was missing. This is the discount, discount

Unknown Speaker  2:26:07
percentage, whatever you want to call it, right?

Matthias Miller  2:26:11
Okay, it's, yeah, that's what I was missing, okay, but I, I

Speaker 1  2:26:15
like this idea that you put the term in, and you put the cash price percentage, and then everything else just auto fills.

Matthias Miller  2:26:22
Yes. Do you want any validation? Allow Add to List, validate that it's all numeric. Do you want it divisible by 12? Or do you just straight up, not care?

Unknown Speaker  2:26:35
What do you mean? Do

Matthias Miller  2:26:37
terminate term lengths can be any whole number, right? You could technically do an 18 month term,

Speaker 1  2:26:50
yeah, technically, then you're going to go figure then you're going to go figure out your cash price percentage. That'll be fun. I guess that's up to

Matthias Miller  2:26:59
you. Warn, if it's not divisible by 12,

Unknown Speaker  2:27:06
how's that? Yeah, yeah, I like it,

Speaker 1  2:27:12
yeah, because it's like it's, it's evidently abundant. Like, if someone says, Well, you know, you automatically know your splits, you automatically know your divisors. And so it's like, it's, it's very easy, right? And you may want to call rental fee percentage. Maybe it's rental fee slash payoff percentage. Like, I don't know. It may be valuable to say both those things out loud and it, but don't use slash, because somebody's gonna think it's divide

Unknown Speaker  2:27:44
mental fee or

Speaker 1  2:27:46
payoff percentage, yeah, yeah, there you go, and there you go. I like it, yeah?

Matthias Miller  2:27:51
Okay. So now, now your homework is all right. You want to bring Seth on to figure out? Yes, I

Speaker 1  2:27:57
think that. I think bringing Seth on is a valuable conversation to say, how do we make sure we stay ahead of you guys? Because apparently they're driving faster cars than we are. I agree. No, he's Grilling with two grills, and I've only got one that's funny. We got to make sure we skin, grind enough skin and grind enough meat in order to stay ahead of all the grills he's got going on.

Matthias Miller  2:28:30
Let's get some charcoal and lighter lighter fluid, whatever.

Speaker 1  2:28:37
I love it. I love the fact that he got two grills out of this, deal instead of one. That's hilarious.

Matthias Miller  2:28:44
Okay, so, but this is how comfortable are you with them building out this, this detail screen. Or do you want to wait until you can Are you pretty comfortable with this?

Speaker 1  2:28:53
Yeah, especially since I expect it's going to be very similar to the one that we did in assists. And so, yeah, I'm very familiar. I'm very comfortable

Matthias Miller  2:28:59
with that. Okay, we have a Alright, Seth, welcome. Thank you. We realized that we need more more beef, more chicken, more pork, more barbecue, more charcoal, and more

Speaker 1  2:29:13
lighter. No, we just have a big enough butcher shop to stay ahead of the grills, though, apparently that's

Matthias Miller  2:29:18
what we're after. You got two grills you're cooking, and we got to have enough meat in front of the in front of the from the butcher shop. So,

Speaker 1  2:29:24
okay, no, actually, okay. In fairness, I was totally blindsided by the fact of where you guys are at, which is not a bad thing. And suddenly I realized that if Matthias and I are going to stay ahead of you guys, then we got to make we need to have a conversation to make sure that we are doing the right things at the right times in order to keep you guys moving. Because apparently, I don't know, somebody is drinking Mountain Dew and energy bulls or Red Bulls over there, so

Speaker 2  2:29:57
I don't dislike it, but things are supposed to happen. We decided to make things happen. Well,

Speaker 1  2:30:02
okay, in fairness, I think I said something to Ellis, and he took me seriously, and I thought I was just being extremely audacious, and it's like, there's no way we're going to do this. And he took me seriously. And so if we're going to, if we're going to make a sprint, I mean, as long as I guess the capital holds out September, I might need, I might need the other grill back so I can sell

Matthias Miller  2:30:32
it. Okay, so give you a little bit of a here's one change we would like to make, is if every Thursday, we could have a list of every and I don't know if we want to pull a report of client scope jobs that were completed or what, but be able to feed a list of Dwayne that says, Here are all the places where we can use esthetic feedback. And I don't need to be in the loop to say and I think you can play point on that probably. And I don't care whether you put a period in the heading or not so. But if that happens every Thursday, for now, Dwayne is going to try to orchestrate a meeting Friday or Monday to make revisions, and he can just be in communication. I think it could make sense. We need to come up with what's the right communication channel, I guess is the question, because do we want that in I'm going to guess we should probably have a would it be worth setting up an email group, kind of like we do for insight, for only, only development. Me, you, Sean, Jonathan, Nick and just keeping everybody in the loop. Ellis, if he wants to, want to, but then he'll filter it to another folder and never look at it, but at least he's getting it. Why don't we do that? And then have that be the process by which we we do that. But then, if you, if somebody, somebody, if you can make sure somebody has that list of stuff that was completed, they could go over, almost like a, almost like testing instructions. Sorry. I mean, it's almost like, it's almost like the same as the testing queue, like, once you check off development, it could, you know, that way list, But, or However, I don't really care how it happens. It's just, I mean, it's essentially going to be list of these screens are.

Speaker 2  2:32:28
We've done the layout work we know to do screens, reports, menu, etc, yep.

Speaker 4  2:32:33
How far? How far is

Speaker 1  2:32:38
too far before you feel really unhappy when I go and we say, Let's rework the whole entire thing about the way it looks. I'm overstating myself, but just Yeah, I want to, I want to make sure that what I don't want it to happen is, is like, you send me a detail screen, and I'm like, you know, this is terrible, and you got to rework the whole entire thing. And you're like, well, dang it, we if I'd have known that, then we wouldn't have quite went that far with development

Speaker 2  2:33:05
of it. We're not at that place yet. We've put time into layout. To some extent. We're trying to make it look decent, but we're not nitpicking. Yeah, so I wouldn't if you tell me on any of the screens you want a completely different layout. I'm not. It's fine. I don't mind.

Matthias Miller  2:33:19
One thing you could do to mitigate this Twain is if you grabbed a screenshot of the screen and just did a paint mock up, move stuff around, and then you can get a visual before you tell him to go build it and short circuit some of the Oh, that looks stupid kind of thing.

Speaker 2  2:33:38
Anything very powerful with this you need a demo, you can pay that a lot for 15 minutes.

Matthias Miller  2:33:45
If you can, you can use it in your browser to have a Mac. Actually, one thing we should talk about is sections, hold

Speaker 1  2:33:55
on. A second, hold on. There's a JS paint.

Matthias Miller  2:33:59
JS paint, that app. It is the most this is awesome. It just makes me happy every time I use it.

Speaker 1  2:34:05
So stupid, gas paint, dot app is a thing.

Speaker 4  2:34:11
It even looks the same. Can you see, yeah, downloads when you save Yeah, with the same price. Who's the,

Speaker 1  2:34:21
who's the person who just smiled one day and said, I'm going to go code this thing and make it into a web browser based thing? Oh,

Matthias Miller  2:34:29
they actually have anyway. So, all right, so, so the big thing, so the So, if you could get that, if let's, I don't know where we should, it'd be nice to have a here. Let's do this. I don't know where it

Speaker 1  2:34:49
should. And to be clear, Seth, this is, this is predominantly esthetics and user workflow, or user user experience kind of things like. Like, what, ideally, what I want to be able to do is I want to be able to take a lot of that kind of work and kind of crowdsource it, and then so that we can keep so Matthias, and I can keep on task with, like, really core stuff. Yeah, because, you know, the esthetic side of this thing is somewhat more nuanced and and people are going to have opinions. And I want something that that, you know, makes sense in a lot of people's brains. And so if I try to tackle that all on my own, I'm going to it's going to work in my brain. And probably, you know, that's only half the people that may ever use this thing,

Unknown Speaker  2:35:33
yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:35:35
um, Dwayne, do you want to throw any sections in here for the RTO contract sections? Like I mean, do you just want a big fat ugly list of of fields like this, or do you want it broken apart in any way? Or do you just want them to build it and you'll reorganize

Unknown Speaker  2:35:52
it? Um,

Matthias Miller  2:35:57
it's almost like contract

Unknown Speaker  2:36:00
requirements. Where is

Speaker 1  2:36:01
my Come on, where's my RTO contracts. Okay, so let's go look at North Carolina. I'm not mad. I mean, I would. This is one of those things where it's a configuration record. And so you don't like, I don't expect people to look at these things every single day. So make it make sense and and, you know, lay it out the best we can. I think the biggest thing that we're diverging from the way that we did stuff in Assist is we're, we're using the contract configuration record for some some things that we were had fielded out in lists and types or lists and other records, like terms, etc. We're combining that all onto the contract record, just for kind of centralizing a whole bunch of things. And so I think if you put together something that makes sense, I don't know that. I'm going to argue a whole lot with it, because it's not, it's not an everyday use record.

Matthias Miller  2:36:50
Okay, I'm going to, I'm just making a proposal here. This is just, we have three things, contract financials, which are terms and late fees, contract requirements, which is max price, max width, minimum down payment, and whether it requires a balloon payment. And then contract features, where you can allow CRA security deposit, increased security deposits, dwf, same as cash, Seth, we're moving dwf to the contract record.

Speaker 2  2:37:25
So what is this record? This is, this

Matthias Miller  2:37:29
is the, there's two records, RTO term, like, actually it's the RTO contract,

Speaker 2  2:37:34
yeah, RTO contract, okay, which is essentially a actually a config what's actually an RTO contract type? Was going to say, because it's not a is it a contract? It depends, because we're going to get between this and other level.

Matthias Miller  2:37:55
It's the definition of the contract. It's not the contract.

Unknown Speaker  2:38:03
Template. It's not quite a template.

Speaker 1  2:38:06
Well, it's both. It's both a configuration record and a template record. I'm expecting because we're gonna, like, the closest thing to it is our, is our RTO, um.

Unknown Speaker  2:38:16
What are we calling this thing? Can we call it a contract? Type

Speaker 1  2:38:19
configure, RTO contracts is what we call it, from a report label on the on the menu in assist, and then you have a list of of of states. And it's going to be a little bit different than that, but it's, I don't know that I have a strong opinion on

Matthias Miller  2:38:40
contract definition. That's not bad.

Speaker 1  2:38:44
That's better. It needs to have. It is a it, in my mind, it's a two function thing. One, this, this record is going to be referenced every single time you're entering a contract, whether you're using the template or not. In other words, the the actual text template. But if you're, if, if a if a dealer comes through the manufacturer portal and is like, however we build that thing out, it needs to reference this record when to generate a PDF as well that goes to off to RTO sign. So it's, it's, we're kind of smashing a whole bunch of things into one place. To give a little bit more centralization. It

Matthias Miller  2:39:19
just makes it makes sense to require a little bit more. I mean, two of the key principles, I think it's worth noting this here is that RTO contract, contract language and requirements are specific to each state

Unknown Speaker  2:39:38
and RTO

Matthias Miller  2:39:41
to each state and RTO company. And if you

Speaker 1  2:39:47
want to get really, really brainy, Seth, one of the things that we're going to have to solve for is user ability to template their own contracts without having a deep knowledge, as much deep knowledge as I have, as putting fields in. Um. That's going to be one of these things that I don't know. Either it's either it's Matthias And I come off with a great idea, or if you've got input thoughts into doing this, because it really needs to be like, we got to be able to get this down to a person who can go type up a document and be able to some way, grabbing fields that they know, putting them in, oh,

Speaker 2  2:40:19
you're saying the actual PDF, then yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:40:24
you could have a job list of or a memo or something of, you know, like an orgy of something of like, here's the expression codes and here's what it's for. Anyway, let's not solve that now, I don't think we're doing templates in the first iteration. Are we phase one?

Unknown Speaker  2:40:49
At the speed by which I thought we're

Unknown Speaker  2:40:51
going today, suddenly we might be there, but

Matthias Miller  2:40:55
it's not a requirement, right?

Speaker 1  2:40:57
Yeah, it's not, well, okay, the the RTF field, whereby someone with my knowledge be able to template a contract in needs to be available to do it, but the idea of bringing that down to the level of an everyday user is not something that we need to solve in first iteration.

Matthias Miller  2:41:17
No, okay, so template, so this would be a contract level memo, embedded expression, obviously. I mean, I think it's as simple as that.

Speaker 1  2:41:30
I mean, maybe Matthias, maybe it literally is as simple as we go, we go put in, we build an RG that sits on the right hand side of that template, and it says there's, there's two fields. It's the, it's an explanation of what the what the database field is. And then, I don't know, well, you click it and it just, it just automatically drops the code and wherever your cursor

Matthias Miller  2:41:53
is. Well, we can't do that, but we can ship a template that says that basically, is the instructions. Either this is a sample template you're going to have to, need to use your language, your your your contract language. If you want to put pound signs in directly, you need to put pound, pound. And then here is how you get the contract price, colon, pound, whatever it is, pound. And here's how you get this price, pound, boom, boom, boom, boom, and, and just be, be, you know, very carefully modify this. And if you would like to, if you need to, if you're part of our stream support plan, you can call up Dwayne and he can answer specific questions. And I don't

Speaker 1  2:42:29
know, but okay, but back to my original idea. Maybe it's not some sort of push, you know, it's literally here's here's the explanation, and here's the database field with all the pounds, like the whole entire that you just copy and paste.

Matthias Miller  2:42:40
We can also do something like this, where we where you throw it down at the bottom of the memo, and then you move it where you need to go,

Speaker 4  2:42:53
boom, I don't know.

Speaker 1  2:43:01
No, but Okay, back to the original question for the first iteration. No. I mean, I can do some contract like, I can teach some people to contract template entry, and it's becomes part of the the onboarding cost to get it, get it done. It's like, Hey, Mr. New Customer, guess what? I can teach you how to do this, or you could pay me to do it.

Matthias Miller  2:43:20
Yeah, especially when you're talking to the owner, I think it'll be an easy decision the

Speaker 1  2:43:27
because, I mean, at that point, I can literally publish some sort of document with an explanation in every single field that might need to go

Matthias Miller  2:43:33
into this thing. You can publish a sample, it's very easy. And even a sample contract that's just exactly kindergarten language that's obviously not legally, whatever. But okay, so the other main update that you need to know is that products we spent, we went round and round. We spent a lot of our time on this we're playing. We're planning to do is that when you when you buy a bill, that will have a product record for each time you buy and sell a building. So if somebody builds a building, you buy it once, and you sell it back to the manufacturer through buyback, then that's product record. And then if you get the building again, then that's the second product record. So your product records are going to have duplicate serial numbers

Unknown Speaker  2:44:17
in manufacturers. So is this? Some

Speaker 2  2:44:22
of this is workflow stuff. Where do you do i What's the workflow? Do I create a product and create a contract off of that? Do I have a contract? We're going

Matthias Miller  2:44:32
to work in a contract entry workflow. Most likely the way it's looking now is we'll have a custom detail screen where you go fill in everything, hit save. It triggers an X 30 in the background, creates the sub records, and then updates the current screen to say contract has been entered. Here's a link to this, this and this, and you can click through to the specific ones, or something kind of like that, where it becomes read only and those things show up at the top. Yeah. I think that's the cheapest but still most user friendly option.

Unknown Speaker  2:45:08
They don't really have to know that

Matthias Miller  2:45:10
it's two levels. That way. They don't really need to know it's two levels. Yeah, right. Makes sense. There are some things like purchase amount that might They might choose to vary from the contract amount for whatever reason, not legal in most states. But if you want to lose a big toe with a shotgun, that's your problem. I mean, we'll warn but i

Matthias Miller  2:45:50
Uh, okay, so big picture though, step taking a giant step back. Dwayne has homework. So Dwayne will have homework on esthetics. Dwayne has homework to go take this RTO con the contract definition, and put together a spreadsheet that shows how all of the calculations work. And I think we'll just and somebody probably needs to go, I mean, that's the great Sean or Nick project. I don't know who it should be, but to go take all of that and create the definition like, here's how this gets calculated, here's how that gets calculated, and all this other kinds of stuff. At that point we can tie those into detail screens.

Unknown Speaker  2:46:29
Make sense? Yeah,

Speaker 2  2:46:30
it feels like good. The sooner we can get to that, the better. But maybe there's more linking stuff we can be doing without that. But it feels like this is so core, it's hard to be moving forward very much without it. Or am I wrong? What do you

Matthias Miller  2:46:45
think it is? Pretty coordinates, fairly substantial. It'll, it's going to end up being a fairly substantial subsystem. I think most of these values are also going to be,

Unknown Speaker  2:47:00
I would think

Matthias Miller  2:47:04
things to store on building, sorry, on contract is probably balloon payment definition. Is it CRA

Speaker 1  2:47:19
what so are you envisioning, are you envisioning Matthias, kind of like on the sales order record that we do now, when is that you have that whole inputs and outputs section, you're, you're expecting something like that on the contract

Matthias Miller  2:47:37
record? Yes, yeah, where we freeze the definition on the

Unknown Speaker  2:47:41
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  2:47:44
Okay, so do you do we have a contract definition? Do you select that and then that throws everything down into cash fields? Yes.

Matthias Miller  2:47:58
Okay. The other cool thing is that terms, we're moving away from divisors, and it's basically just a cash price percentage slash rental fee and pay off percentage. So basically you're saying that of your contract, you're, you're you're you're paying six 40% goes into towards the cash price, paying down the cash price. 60% is your rental fee, and then that calculates the divisor that can be used for pricing the rental fee is in the payoff percentage, because obviously, like, you're not paying rental fees through the end of the contract, you just need to what's the remaining cash balance of the building. So it's different than assist, thinks about it, but it still can come out to the divisor to come out with the monthly payment price. Either way, it's six of one and a half dozen of the other but, but taking a giant step back, I think that kind of the gun to our head is, if we actually want to move at this pace, what can we give you that's going to keep you busy for another week? Week and a half,

Unknown Speaker  2:49:07
productively busy, and I feel like

Matthias Miller  2:49:12
so our contract definition, I think, seems like a good fit. And the calculation for showing a good fit, the products Dwayne needs to chase some more things on some of his stuff. As far as technicalities of how some of these things actually work, I think is that where we left?

Speaker 1  2:49:31
Yeah, right, because there's there, and did you make it to do in there for it, there's some very key questions around depreciation and started depreciation, and I don't remember we had, we had several things in there that I needed to go figure out. If we can make sure that we put those in as to dues

Matthias Miller  2:49:54
that would be good. Well, it's also review RTO pro date. So, yeah.

Speaker 1  2:50:00
Well, it's, it's, it's basically all the fields in an art in RTO Pro and make sure that we're not missing some fields that we need to field

Speaker 2  2:50:07
for. Gonna make the two days red might be okay. I just, I find it easier to i You.

Speaker 2  2:50:35
What we've done for now is, we call it a product level, but then we have a macro so that, basically you can figure, on a persistent basis, what we call it.

Matthias Miller  2:50:45
Do you want to call these buildings Dwayne or two? No

Speaker 1  2:50:50
products? No because, I mean, maybe I want to RTO up. I don't know something else. So that's not calm. That's not calm. I mean product, we should the

Speaker 2  2:51:03
customer, always see it as product or like your users, unless

Speaker 1  2:51:09
you can come with a better name for it, we we can go have a long chat, GPT conversation, like I had this morning, about a different way to call something a customer because I hate it seems so boring and bland. To call it a customer menu, a customer menu or client menu, it's like, what a whole other names. And then finally, come back around to going, Yeah, that's stupid. Let's just call it a customer. I think. I think product. I think product is, I mean, unless you want to call it inventory, the other thing would be to call it an inventory record.

Matthias Miller  2:51:42
What's not I mean, an inventory item, inventory product.

Unknown Speaker  2:51:47
I mean, product is fine with me. Yeah, I think so.

Unknown Speaker  2:51:55
What does RTO pro call? This

Unknown Speaker  2:52:02
doesn't even really name it. I think they call it inventory

Unknown Speaker  2:52:06
okay, if

Speaker 1  2:52:07
I, if I go do a search on, yeah, they call it an inventory inquiry to go find it.

Speaker 2  2:52:17
But then, for now, our products are very much geared as structures, like we have a length and a width.

Unknown Speaker  2:52:27
No, I wouldn't do okay. Well, maybe we should, Oh, snap.

Speaker 1  2:52:40
Okay. What I'm wondering is, do we want to be a little bit more like, do we want to type the product?

Unknown Speaker  2:52:45
That's what I was wondering.

Speaker 1  2:52:48
And, you know, based on whether it's, you know, in one of the types that would be in there would be building, and that would expose different fields, like length and width and description. But if you said, and this is where it gets a little bit tricky. Because what are the types? Might there be? Okay, maybe, maybe it is. Maybe it literally is a product type and a building type, and the building type exposes other fields for like, length and width. If it's just a product, it's just a description

Matthias Miller  2:53:20
field, do you have a use case in mind for what an RTO company would or do? RTO, I mean, like a cardboard well, that has lengthened with as dimensions.

Speaker 1  2:53:30
Yeah, that has lengthened with the, well, there's RTO companies renting decks, but that has lengthened with, although it's there is some componentry to that, too, that, that. But, I mean, people get into renting, rent to own things well, I mean, like, okay, so if you want to go all the way down to the TV and appliance guys, like, they're doing TVs and appliances and sofas and and it's like it's selling to them. Are you? No, but at that point, you know, it's just a product. It's a product it's a product type, and you just describe it in the description. So maybe it is okay. So let's do, let's start out with a product, a type of product, building deck carport. And for the most part, building deck and carport all really kind of function somewhat the same, which is, I mean, maybe we do length, width and height and then a description field. I don't know. I don't know the height part is necessarily necessary. It's not necessary length and width and description. Do you

Matthias Miller  2:54:31
want to ship it with building deck and cardboard as options? I

Speaker 1  2:54:46
uh, unless we can get more generic with it. Is there a way that we could get more is there? Is there a product type that would encompass things like decks, buildings, carports, that could be sort of what universally used so that we don't have all of.

Matthias Miller  2:55:00
These like little types. Can we just say these are all going to be structures, and at the point that we have something that's not a structure, then we just then we add the type and pre populate everything to be a structure. Or is that too much backward compatibility?

Speaker 2  2:55:19
Or we, yeah, no. I wonder. You could also just have the type currently pre populated to structure. It would be hidden, and everything would be visible based on that right like, it'd be really easy to build that right now. And if we have what's the chance that you'll be selling the software to someone other than people who are doing structures, like, is that a 5% chance or a 30% chance? No,

Speaker 1  2:55:47
I think it's more that you have a mixed use case of an RTO company that does structures and decks and and I don't know maybe they're renting pools

Matthias Miller  2:55:59
at that point, though. Not

Unknown Speaker  2:56:00
sure how you repo that thing, but

Matthias Miller  2:56:03
just poison their water.

Matthias Miller  2:56:10
Isn't that okay? Just business hat you're selling to shed companies, shed RTO companies, basically. And if somebody comes along and says, I would love to use this, but we also do TVs

Speaker 1  2:56:26
then. So then we customize that. We customize, yeah, and we add a couple extra types and a couple extra fields and but I think to ship, I say, we do a product record that is nothing more than that. It just gives a description field, and you can describe whatever you're putting in, and then it's a structure option, which gives us, and I think we should do a little bit more if we're going to if we're going to field for structure, then we should probably field for length and width, Roof color, siding color. We can say trim color too. Why not? Do

Speaker 1  2:57:10
we want to go any deeper than that? I really want to feel. How could we, how could we get useful information out of options without going like super, super granular.

Speaker 2  2:57:25
I mean, isn't that enough for a standard system? And if someone else wants something else, they ask for it.

Unknown Speaker  2:57:34
You make a good point.

Matthias Miller  2:57:35
Okay, so then for the structure you would have, like all of this stuff,

Unknown Speaker  2:57:44
gonna nuke the bottom color, yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:58:02
should be going to but okay, so,

Speaker 1  2:58:10
oh and I like, I like, I like the using the model instead of category. I like that a lot. The model, yeah, he already had you and I had a conversation about using category, but that's, that's an RTO pro thing. I like model. So model would be a user editable drop list of models. Yeah. So like smart shed, smart barn, blah, blah, blah, yes, I like that,

Matthias Miller  2:58:30
but not pre populated, right? Um,

Speaker 1  2:58:35
let's, like I said, in the category before, let's, let's populate with barn, cabin and shed, yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:58:39
but allow user to delete these options. Can you ship them with? You can ship them with user.

Unknown Speaker  2:58:48
And do we ship with deletable items? Though?

Matthias Miller  2:58:51
I think you can make it. I don't know if you can.

Unknown Speaker  2:58:56
I mean, added to do set, see if we,

Speaker 1  2:59:01
I mean, we have, we have deletable items on the assist side. Obviously, you got to go to the list level. But

Unknown Speaker  2:59:07
are they shipped deletable?

Matthias Miller  2:59:10
I don't know they wanted. You could make it a bullet up, type and ship the records and let users delete the Shipped records, and then you can never update them again. Or we could also just have a an external system make it the highest

Speaker 1  2:59:28
administrative user level, allows them to go and delete, to delete things from the

Matthias Miller  2:59:33
list. It's, it's something else. It's, can we just build an X 30 that setup X 30 that adds list items? Maybe not no because you need a record to put it

Unknown Speaker  2:59:49
into. I don't know how. How

Matthias Miller  2:59:52
strongly do you feel about pre populating them? I'm a little bit

Speaker 1  2:59:55
afraid if you don't pre populate some people are going to be wondering what it's used for. I. Hmm, all

Speaker 2  3:00:01
right, today, Seth, and I'll look at it

Speaker 1  3:00:05
and see your concern. Your concern is that people may want to remove the original items that are there, and they they can't, right? So then contact support and we'll go in and remove it

Matthias Miller  3:00:15
well, which means we need to create a custom it needs a

Speaker 2  3:00:19
big coding change. That's we're trying. It may require coding if we ship it. We're trying to figure out,

Speaker 1  3:00:24
okay, but so how does how is it like in assists, we've got, like, there are lists. There are lists in there that are, like, user deletable

Matthias Miller  3:00:34
items. We add the item, you can delete it. When the system adds the item, typically the you the user, can't delete them,

Speaker 1  3:00:45
okay, well, in that, in that regard, then remove the cabin, because everybody sells barns and

Unknown Speaker  3:00:50
sheds, okay, simple

Speaker 1  3:00:54
and that. And that way, that way, you know, those two are always there. And you know, if you build a list of, you know, all your own stuff. Yes, you're probably going to get some persnickety person that wants to have the stupid barn and she removed, and then they can pay to

Unknown Speaker  3:01:09
do so, perfect. I like it.

Speaker 1  3:01:13
I mean, it's like, it's just two items. We just put them there so you know what they're for. Yeah. Okay. So then, actually, the other option is, we call it model parentheses, barn shed, etc, and then we add, we know you don't pre populate anything. Then

Speaker 2  3:01:28
the first time they whip up the contract, they just have to add one. Are we fine with that? Maybe,

Unknown Speaker  3:01:35
yeah, leave the barn shed thing there. I

Speaker 2  3:01:36
think it's pretty reasonable. It's gonna leave. And then they can pay to nuke it if they want. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  3:01:41
I agree. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  3:01:48
so

Matthias Miller  3:01:52
well, that needs to be specked out. Depreciation just needs a ton of work

Speaker 1  3:01:57
because it is a minefield. I Hmm.

Matthias Miller  3:02:03
So the question then becomes, now, now that we're out of the weeds, it feels to me like there's still loose ends with contracts and products that really do need to be fleshed out in detail for us to finish it up. Long and short of it, you guys can work on the RTO contract, or the contract definition. You guys can work on esthetics as soon as being gets that back to you, that keeps you busy until like Tuesday or Wednesday. Tuesday, maybe, I don't know. Are you thinking it keeps all of us busy? Well, no, probably not. I don't know. Like, so what? What do you guys need? Or, literally, what needs to happen next is Dwayne and I keep find a time, and we just keep slaving through fleshing out the details of the contracts and the product. And as much as Dwayne can do by himself when I'm not

Speaker 2  3:02:53
available, the better. Yeah, basic. I think the big, big thing is the calculations. That's really the heart of the system. Like, and we have the basic record structure in place, basic,

Unknown Speaker  3:03:08
when you say calculations, as in,

Unknown Speaker  3:03:12
how the RTO contract works, like,

Speaker 1  3:03:15
Yeah, but I mean, we, like, all of that has been done before. Like, there's at this point, like all of the assist macros that we do right now for calculations, not that thing, please, not that thing. That thing is, I don't know if that thing ever worked, but like the, like all of the core calculations that we do in assist are the correct calculations with the with the caveat to that is that we are going to field for actually doing the balloon payment, rather than doing it as a calculated number of payments in North Carolina contracts. So we're actually going to field for a balloon payment that we can actually field

Speaker 2  3:03:49
directly the balloon payment. So if you could

Speaker 1  3:03:55
Matthias go to, go to the go to contract configuration, in a sense,

Matthias Miller  3:04:02
contracts, yeah. It's simply when a big payment that's due at a certain point to pay off the rest of the thing.

Speaker 1  3:04:08
Yeah, it's North Carolina. So North Carolina does not have a rent to own statute, like a state level rent to own statute. It falls under some sort of lease law. And lease law in North Carolina requires what's called a balloon payment to in order to complete the contract, which is normally a large dollar value at the very, very end of the contract. Don't make try to ask me to explain the concept behind it, because I think it's stupid, but that's not for me to judge. So the way that, the way that it works, it's 11% the final payment on a North Carolina rent to own contract needs to be 11% of the original cash price the building. So the way that we calculate this is we say, and that that number gets, we say, in currently, in assist, in North Carolina, the we calculate. Take one payment times three, and that gives us approximately 11% of the final contract of the cash price the building. So we do it. We do it by a math thing in the in our current RTO contracts. And I want to go ahead and give it an actual calculatable field for for legitimacy, and in, in only everything else, like CRA calculations, monthly payment calculations, like you guys have done all of that before. It's it's all the same stuff.

Matthias Miller  3:05:31
So, but then what happens with the contract? Like on a 36 month contract here, we're yanking out, I mean, we're saying you're paying 33 payments. Are we still going to say you're paying 33 payments in The new

Speaker 1  3:06:00
system? This is why I hate North Carolina and their stupid RTO statute.

Speaker 1  3:06:10
I think by strict definition of the law, it's 36 months plus the the balloon payment, and we got around it by doing what we did. So we probably, oh, man. So probably

Matthias Miller  3:06:24
what you should actually do is allow for, like, I mean, here you really should basically say reduce the contract length by x months, yeah.

Speaker 1  3:06:35
But as soon as we do that, some some Henry is going to be like, we don't. That's not how we do our RTO contracts in North Carolina, and I'm gonna have their support both ways.

Matthias Miller  3:06:46
No, I mean, I'm just saying you could do an 11% I mean, what? I mean, what is it going to be like? Are you going to do 36 payments and then you still get to pay 11% you just have lower payments, because it's effectively a 39 month. I don't know. Okay,

Speaker 1  3:07:11
make it a to do. I got to talk with Leanne about this. I probably should talk with some other people about this, because this is we are. This is one of those things where it is rent to own company specific on how they want to handle certain things like this. And okay, granted, we can field for all the like, if I set this up the way I would want to set it up for, for all the rent to own companies that I deal with who deal with contracts in North Carolina, it would be the 11% equal, like, whatever 11% is, and then round it to up to the equivalent number of payments, right? And then reduce the contract like, reduce the contract length accordingly, so that you still end up with a regular 36 month contract. That's the way I would want to do it. Now, that being said, I think if some other rent to own company says, well, we don't want to do it that way. It that way, I think you could, you could custom do that with your own calculations in the fields of the template itself and inside the PDF template, and make it do whatever you want. I've done that before, and it's like, it's not impossible. You

Matthias Miller  3:08:15
could have it back. Oh yeah, but, I mean, you still need to. So then the system, it's just how the contract gets worded. And as far as the system is concerned, it would just, we

Speaker 1  3:08:22
could build some custom macros for it. Okay, so or, or do silly things like I've done before, and do, like, actual math in inside of pound brackets, inside of the deal contract. I've done that before too. So I

Matthias Miller  3:08:36
think Seth, you could actually take this, run with it. Take these. Take these. The balloon payment definition. Please wait.

Speaker 1  3:08:47
Okay, before you say that, Matthias, are you clear what I was saying there?

Matthias Miller  3:08:54
I mean that you would, you would take the 11% round up. You figure the payment percentage. Take the 11% round up to a full number of payments, and then that's the billing payment. And then you reduce the terms, the contract terms, by that amount. Like, do you want? Is that a yes, I want to do that, or a

Speaker 1  3:09:12
so. So the whole entire point is that I want to have a regular 36 month contract. I don't want to charge my customer any extra than what they would do is if they were in the state of Virginia and did a 36 month contract. Right? So in that, in that regard, we are doing mathematical gymnastics in order to to to satisfy the law in North Carolina.

Unknown Speaker  3:09:31
Yep. Take the balloon,

Matthias Miller  3:09:39
balloon payment, amount, round it up to the standard payment amount,

Unknown Speaker  3:09:49
as in to it a multiple

Unknown Speaker  3:09:53
right,

Matthias Miller  3:09:55
find out how many full payments would be required. Required to pay that at minimum $350

Matthias Miller  3:10:09
balloon payment, with monthly payments of $200 would need two payments to cover surpassing the minimum payment by $50 so then

Unknown Speaker  3:10:29
we'd have a $400 balloon payment.

Speaker 1  3:10:31
Yep. So the way Seth just, I'll read this to you from the North Carolina contract that we have an assist if consumer makes so s o r t o, length of lease minus three monthly rental payments. So that so 36 minus three. So 33 monthly payments otherwise complies with this agreement. Consumer may thereafter purchase the leased property for the sum of s o r t o monthly subtotal times three. So it's in because North Carolina says we can do all these calculations pre tax. So it's after that. It says plus tax. So it is, it is monthly subtotal times three is the way that. So it would like, what I'm saying is that 11% rounded up to whatever, you know, monthly RTO, monthly subtotal, whatever that that multiple is, in order to get, you know, to get rounded up to from the 11% we don't ever round down. We always round up. Yeah, yeah. The minimum amount the customer has to pay in order for it to be is the 11% so as long as the final payment on the contract says you have to pay in excess of the 11% we're

Unknown Speaker  3:11:42
all good, yeah, makes

Matthias Miller  3:11:44
sense. Okay, so, so then I think at this point, then I think I think this could actually go down to, I don't know if you want to do this, but I think these guys could actually go through the sales order and document all of the macro, all of the formulas that are used to calculate all of the different values, CRA, etc. Okay, now, whoa, we have two types of CRA.

Speaker 1  3:12:13
No, we don't. We're not going to do it. The other secondary type of CRA just needs to go away. It is by cash received. Nobody ever uses the other one.

Matthias Miller  3:12:27
Okay. CRA, different. All the different contract numbers. Note The only CRA could we actually delete the other CRA from assist?

Speaker 1  3:12:45
That's a Josh question, because it's fielded in the in check out process. Only CRA we will use will? I mean, I'm 100% in favor of that, I would be 100% in favor of that, but it would require more development than just removing it from the this.

Unknown Speaker  3:13:03
Assist, oh,

Matthias Miller  3:13:06
okay, and it's cash received versus monthly payment. Do not worry about CRA monthly payment. CRA bi monthly payment.

Unknown Speaker  3:13:16
We spent good time making that work.

Speaker 1  3:13:21
Okay, and it like, literally never gets used, because nobody ever seems to like that whole that was a little bit interesting, because I expected there may be people that come in with, you know, a stack of cash, and say, I want a monthly payment of x. It's never that way. It's always, I have a stack of cash. What's my payments now? Right?

Matthias Miller  3:13:39
That's right. Okay, once this is done,

Matthias Miller  3:13:47
I think what we just did, and

Matthias Miller  3:13:55
there's probably going to be a call or two that I need to hop on to clarify some things, but I think we're at a 90% good enough. That's, we can hand this off to Seth, and we can, we can have the RTO contract definition and RTO calculations as the next primary focus, and reasonably get it done by Thursday. Is, that is, I know there's lots of hand wavy stuff, but do you what do you think?

Speaker 2  3:14:30
I mean, we can work on it? I don't. I'm not quite sure how much we can have multiple people working on the calculation stuff. Then,

Matthias Miller  3:14:41
okay, so, so this is one piece of it if we really want to keep all grills going. I mean, do we even? Are we even at a point in development at which we can do more than this?

Unknown Speaker  3:15:01
I'm not sure,

Unknown Speaker  3:15:03
probably barely. The main

Speaker 2  3:15:09
thing at this point is getting that contract definition built out and then working on the how the calculations actually work. Then, okay,

Matthias Miller  3:15:19
so here's, here's what I would propose. Maybe it's going to just be an easy week. Whoever should be doing these calculations, whatever you can coordinate that the detail screen and the definition. We're going to have esthetics from from Dwayne, esthetic tweaks that could be some somebody else. Dwayne is going to chase down a bunch of depreciation stuff he and I can set up, set up some time between now and Thursday, if he wants to, and has capacity for it, where we just power through more of the design stuff and work to nail down more of the specifics, and then just do what we Can and regroup on Thursday.

Speaker 2  3:16:01
Good, yeah, I think so. Dwayne, part of this is good. I was just saying part of this is it's a learning curve for us, because we don't usually do development in the midst of design, right?

Speaker 1  3:16:15
What are you talking about, since we've been doing that for the last five years,

Speaker 2  3:16:19
well, with one or two developers, not with a team design, it is. It's a different.

Matthias Miller  3:16:25
It's a little different. It is. It is a little different. I think the biggest thing too, is Jonathan is, by definition, going to need to stay out of the mix until we get to whiskey stuff, or not completely out of the mix. But

Unknown Speaker  3:16:36
he's been helping with stuff,

Matthias Miller  3:16:39
but it's loaded at least, yeah,

Speaker 2  3:16:43
yeah, but I'm not expecting to have enough to keep him busy on this until but he's done our way to work on the contract screen. And sweet. Okay, good. Oh, one question to be clear. I expected

Speaker 1  3:16:59
to show up today and we were going to start talking about building some of these things. It's kind of like, you know, you got you go to buy a car, and you're like, oh, yeah, I want to think about buying a car. And it's like, well, there's your car. Whoa,

Speaker 2  3:17:19
all, right, I don't know. Man, I was just wondering, when we run into questions of calculations, do we just put to do's in the spec until we have a good number and then say, Hey, we got we're getting to a point where we can't work? Do we can we set up a call or what if? What do you want the workflow to be? It's that, if they're short, well, I don't know how to gage short, easy questions. I think I'm fine if you ping, ping me, and if

Matthias Miller  3:17:47
it's a short, simple question, I'll ping back. And if not, it's probably going to be like, let's set up a call and let's I think I actually have a better answer for that, short, easy questions, happy to just whatever otherwise, let's stack them up until you don't have to be literally back against one with nothing to do. But let's stack, stack them up so we can knock, knock them out together.

Unknown Speaker  3:18:18
That's good, sweet. All

Speaker 4  3:18:22
right. So sounds good. Awesome. Doing anything else you need a short

Speaker 1  3:18:26
conversation with you before, before, before you drop off, though.

Unknown Speaker  3:18:30
Okay, sounds good.

Matthias Miller  3:18:33
Do we need to do anything on the other guys for any reason? Seth, I don't think so. Okay, just pass on Dwayne's incredulous pleasure with their work.

Speaker 1  3:18:44
So incredulous pleasure sounds like like like that doesn't quite work together.

Matthias Miller  3:18:50
His shock and excitement over the process. Sounds good. This

Unknown Speaker  3:18:56
is what's called shock and awe. Shock and Awe, yep,

Unknown Speaker  3:19:00
okay. Sounds good. Thank you, thanks.

Speaker 1  3:19:04
Okay, let's talk about budget. Yeah, how do we if we're going to go at this speed? Okay, so here's, here's what I I'm going to tell you exactly what i My, my, my, my,

Speaker 4  3:19:25
my initial capital. Okay, is well, as

Speaker 1  3:19:36
long as, as long as the stock market's going up, we might be at 165 but right now it's at 162 so 62 now I've got there, I have other liquid funds just in our business account that if we needed to go, you know, in order to but what I'm saying is that if we're going to go at this speed, we probably need to talk about budget to make sure that we don't just. Completely run out of out of capital, and then we're scrambling because we're, you know, we're unworkable.

Unknown Speaker  3:20:05
So

Matthias Miller  3:20:08
I don't know, how do we how do we manage I think it would be, I think what's helpful, well, what's really helpful to manage budget is to do something like, we're willing to spend. It'd

Matthias Miller  3:20:32
be nice to set a monthly budget for both for cash flow stuff and for you, so that you know, hey, like, I'm going to be getting the bill every month for this much, and it gives us this many months of runway. And so that's one piece of it that can help manage the it'll it can affect the pace. But if we have a good idea, it might actually be helpful for this. This could be helpful question for Ellis is basically like,

Speaker 1  3:21:00
if we have, let me, let me clarify something before, before you go too much further. So the 165,000 is sitting in an investment account that we have spec for this, like the first run of this, if we can complete it for 165,000 we will jump up and down and and I will buy you lots of stakes. But, uh, after that, it becomes a conversation between Leanne and I, whether you know on whether we're going to dip into Burke holder management funds, which the potential exists that we could, there's a we could pull another 100 grand on that side. And then after that, it becomes a conversation about, you know, are we going to source investors? Are we going to source, you know, are we going to take out, you know, some type of loan against assets that we currently have, right? So, I mean, that's, that's, those are the those are, that's the financial side of this thing. I expect, well, I guess you know if, if we are really diligent about finding the most efficient and simplistic way to design software, I think that, I think the range that LS gave me is was 160 to 400,000 60 to 400,000 essentially, the numbers probably smack dab in the middle of that somewhere,

Matthias Miller  3:22:26
probably something like that, yeah,

Speaker 1  3:22:34
which I mean with liquid capital right now, we that the potential exists, is about that, that with liquid capital, we can do about 265,000 now what I'd really like to do is, I'd like to say, Okay, let's budget off of the 165 and always be reevaluating month to month, to say, okay, you know, wow, that that, you know, that X amount of money got us way further than what we were thinking. And so, you know, like, we're gonna have to have some way of, kind of managing this beast. Well,

Matthias Miller  3:23:00
I'm gonna, so it'd be really helpful for me to know, and I don't know how much of this stuff, and

Speaker 1  3:23:12
if that's an Ellis conversation, then, then let's get Alice, you know, a part of it, or, you know, whatever.

Matthias Miller  3:23:17
I think, I think one of the things that could help is having, I mean, one of the things that has helped with the system managed budget is to say, like, I have, I mean, I haven't capped out my hours and eons with them, because they're not doing anything but, but, like, I have a cap on how much I build monthly, and so I just monitor that. And if we have a pretty good sense of what, what is Full Tilt look like,

Speaker 1  3:23:45
yeah, like, that was, that was gonna be my next question. Like, what does you know if, if we were to put a budget on a monthly basis? Like, what's you know with, what with what with what happened, if you know, with to where we're at today. Like, what does that look like? Like? What like? What are we talking about? Like, how? I guess I don't have a I don't have a good sense on on how much gas. I don't know what our I don't know what a mile per gallon is is, but I is what I'm saying.

Matthias Miller  3:24:18
Um, so what if Ellis And I would chat you.

Matthias Miller  3:24:40
I will get with him. So in my mind, what we should do, and I don't know what to do about my time besides just I think, I think the more stuff it just means. I think you and I just being very, continuing to be very alert, like in their like depreciation, the more legwork you. Can do on depreciation. How does it work? What are the configuration options? What are the things like, all this stuff? I feel like the conversation about the relationship between products and contracts was fruitful, and maybe it took about 20% longer, 30% longer than it technically should have, I don't know, but it's fruitful, and it's very fundamental. But some of these specifics around the business of RTO, we need to be, we need to be, I'll just self confess I have a tendency to get into theoretical when we just need to go ask somebody, how does the industry work, and just find out facts. And that's the biggest thing. I'm happy to keep my eye open for that, but I think, I think I think that's probably the biggest thing. And maybe, maybe this is a little bit of the hat like, like hats and responsibilities. So me Core Data Model and core project management, and how these pieces fit together, the Seth, kind of a secondary tier, like project management. And go run with this piece of it. And you very much. Wearing the UX hat, and the the literal, how does the business of RTO work, and what are the variables that we need to support, just being very conscious of putting things in the right People's

Speaker 1  3:26:08
Court. But I do think, I think a good conversation between you and Alice, and then, if you want to bring me that conversation, I think that'd be valuable. But saying, Okay, let's, let's establish a budget, and then, you know, based on known capital. And if we can get some kind of hand around the mile per gallon, like, if I, if, you know, if we have, if we have 165 How far does that get us, if we have 265 you know, where are we at? Like, right? Like, some way of, kind of wrapping our hands around that so that we can set an effective budget. And because what, what I want to know, here's the key question I want to know, when am I going to run out of capital, and when do I need

Unknown Speaker  3:26:48
to go seek more? Yes, yep. You know how much

Matthias Miller  3:26:55
fun it would be to be able to get you to product you can actually sell it at, uh, buy your 165 so you actually can set Bootstrap. Like, that's

Speaker 1  3:27:03
possible, dude, I will, I will take on any amount of workload you want to throw at me. Okay? And granted, I like some of the, like, some of the reporting stuff, like, the more simplistic reporting type stuff I'm glad to take on, like, um, um, as much as I can, you know, well, whatever, whatever, whatever you can put on my plate to to, you know,

Matthias Miller  3:27:31
keep the cost down exactly and get you scared. Um, is does? Is that phase one? Does that? Are you able to literally go out and sell phase one and make good money off of it,

Unknown Speaker  3:27:45
or do we need More? What are we calling? Phase one?

Matthias Miller  3:27:56
You're calling I

Matthias Miller  3:28:03
um Corey VP, accounting integration and revenue projection, Customer Portal,

Unknown Speaker  3:28:09
sales tax,

Matthias Miller  3:28:12
depreciation, logistics overdue, payments, merchant processor, manufacturer. Portal, so

Unknown Speaker  3:28:24
Wow, no manufacturer

Matthias Miller  3:28:25
software integration. We might need to think about RTO pro conversion

Unknown Speaker  3:28:31
potentially. We're we have

Speaker 1  3:28:33
to like that that is like at some point along the line, you and I need to fall down that rabbit hole and figure that thing out and because, because here's, here's the here's the test bed for it. Matthias is I really would like to be able to when it, when it, when it, when we start deploying it to use in our own office. That integration piece, it's two pieces that we're going to continue to work inside of our to pro every single day. I want to, I want to run the integration, push it out, over into into only and then, you know, can be able to look at things simultaneously, side by side, and play with real data and do like, that's how we that's how we work all the kinks out of the out of the integration piece, the export piece. Because I want to use that thing also on a daily basis, so that we can find every single thing wrong with it, because ideally, I think it would be really, really stinking cool to say you want to demo. Okay, fine, send me, or install this and send me the output, and then, and you know, tomorrow we're going to get on a we're going to get on a call and and you're going to look at your own data right inside here.

Matthias Miller  3:29:42
I Well, so I think actually, if there's a place where, if, if, if Jonathan and I could get you the tool that unpacks it in some capacity, um, or maybe you already have that, I don't know you could, there is a part of this

Speaker 1  3:29:58
database Connect. It's a. Some sort of database connector, and it'll allow you to dump the whole entire Firebird database. And if you can dump the entire Firebird database, I expect you guys can go figure out,

Matthias Miller  3:30:08
well, you could, you could, you could probably, at that point we could probably give you a massive like, we could have a tool that dumps it into a huge json file or something, and then at that point you could maybe actually start writing some of the imports. I don't know. I don't know if you want to do that. If that's over your head, maybe that's, maybe that's over your head.

Speaker 1  3:30:28
I don't know. This is this? Is this is integrity integral enough that we can't mess this one up, right? Like that. This thing, this thing needs to be bulletproof, because you know your your conversations with what's his name over there at RTO smart, what's his biggest pain point?

Speaker 4  3:30:45
This? This, yep, Okay, sweet.

Speaker 1  3:30:51
I mean, we'll, we'll figure out somewhere else to cut, or I'll go figure out some more capital to make. Like, if we like that. One's key, like that, that integration piece coming out of our to pro needs to be amazing. Yep.

Matthias Miller  3:31:06
Okay, sweet, it's been real. Do we need to get our heads together Tuesday or Wednesday before the Thursday call? Or do we just let's figure out budget and then let's go from there? Sweet man, appreciate you.

Speaker 1  3:31:21
I thought we said we're gonna do 90 minutes,

Matthias Miller  3:31:26
yeah? What happened to that?

Speaker 1  3:31:29
We'll get down to that cadence. But this is, this is, this is extremely fun and extremely needful. I expect we'll have a few more calls of several hours like this, which is fine. Um,

Unknown Speaker  3:31:41
yeah, hey, do you

Matthias Miller  3:31:44
do you? Did Ellis talk to you at all about, I probably should talk to him about, do you know if he or I, if I'm billing him or I'm billing you? I have no idea. And has he talked to you at all about payment terms in terms of the project?

Speaker 1  3:31:59
You know, it's really funny that that we actually, we have a we have an a project running, and we haven't had that conversation. That's kind of fun. This is, this is just, it's kind of funny, because you would never do that with any other client. I guess I hold a special category.

Matthias Miller  3:32:16
You do. Main thing I want to do is, if I'm billing you directly. I mean, I would

Speaker 1  3:32:25
prefer, I would prefer, okay, you talk to Ellis. But if we can, if we can have a source, one source of billing, that would be nice, just so I it makes it easier to track in in QuickBooks,

Matthias Miller  3:32:36
it would all be coming through silver limb, but it'd be separate invoices, one for my work, and one we could throw it on his too.

Speaker 1  3:32:45
You talk. Talk to Ellis. I don't know that I have a strong opinion.

Unknown Speaker  3:32:50
Okay, sounds good. Awesome.

Speaker 1  3:32:54
Sweet dude. Well, again, tell the rest of those guys that. What do you call it? Incredulous,

Matthias Miller  3:33:00
pleasureless, pleasure

Speaker 7  3:33:02
that's gradual

Unknown Speaker  3:33:09
pleasure, that's exactly that is, that is pretty much it,

Matthias Miller  3:33:13
okay, well, I got like three other people screaming for my time today. So for actually, yep, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai