Matthias Miller  02:54
a short case study, it might be a paragraph might be two paragraphs or three paragraph. A paragraph or it might be out, I. A paragraph or it might be might be a a short case study, it might be a paragraph might be two paragraphs or three paragraph. graphs, and then kind of lessons, where you, where you double down on the on. of lessons, which may be kind of more educational, but kind of persuaded push into persuasive and then kind of wrap up. call to action at the end where You, where you double down on the on the Get off your seat and stop endangering your company, right? And, and I don't know, well, this just came to me. And so I'm, I'm partly wrestling with it, and so I'm less trying to convince you to do it this way than I am just trying to verbalize and see how it sticks, versus what we've done in other times. Well, what if we did? What if we just started with the brainstorm of the raw content? Yeah, there you go. What to let's go ahead and go create a folder for this while we're at it, folder. So this is going to be the Excel Series. And then we're going to have the Excel Series brainstorm this in here. Chip it. I'm because it seems to me like maybe, maybe I'm wrong, but maybe if we get some of these raw data points These are all kind of prompter questions. Maybe we get these raw data points out, like maybe something will emerge.

Speaker 1  05:18
Yeah, sure. That's fair. Do you have a document linker, Anything Sure, let me find it.

Speaker 1  06:09
Lots of different spreadsheets that tie into each other, entering data into one and entering data into one and other, and either needing to update multiple ones or missing updating multiple ones, Not needing to notifications. I want to

Matthias Miller  06:40
expand on what you

Unknown Speaker  06:56
right,

Unknown Speaker  07:01
since we don't have content on my word.

Matthias Miller  07:15
Oh, man, like hosteller, I there's got to be more specific than just chaotic mess, but the difficulty, the difficulty of adapting to business, to business process changes. I

Unknown Speaker  07:47
I'm not

Unknown Speaker  07:54
sure if undesign is quite the right word. Oh, sure it

Matthias Miller  08:00
is. It is difficult. I

Matthias Miller  08:25
uh, right, there's no sort version control, however you want to say that

Matthias Miller  08:41
you can take this one step further, which is thus,

Speaker 1  09:01
and I think the the maybe this is represented some of the other ones, but that the ability to keep tweaking tweaking, I mean, that's the glory of Excel, but the ability to keep tweaking means that we never stop and think through and Express and rationalize what it's actually going

Unknown Speaker  09:22
to do. Okay?

Speaker 1  09:30
I think well, and existing software itself can be like that too. I mean, I think that one thing I learned from the well, I think we're learning we learned it partly with their spreadsheets. We're also learning it with we also learned it with the shipping people, the furniture shipping people, their access database, was such a ridiculous mess, and it was almost it was unbelievably hard to actually understand how it even worked, even with the source code. So there's.

Matthias Miller  10:01
Is there is a, I don't know how to describe it, like in software, the structure is the thing, yeah, and I don't know how, and if you only focus on what it does, and you don't understand the underlying structure. Yeah, you will end up with, you will hit a dead end and not be able to maintain your software. And

Speaker 1  10:32
ironically, yeah, and this is with Excel. This is with the Okay, I'm also going to say that mixing, mixing calculations and data together is a bad thing, because calculations start getting multiplied out. I mean, if I don't, and that might get folded into something else, but just in general, it's a bad principle.

Matthias Miller  10:55
I'll be back in a minute. You can talk if you want. I'll actually break for quick Minute. I

Unknown Speaker  12:27
Oh, yes, sir, okay.

Unknown Speaker  12:40
So what makes software okay?

Matthias Miller  12:44
So there's also go ahead,

Speaker 1  12:47
well, I was going to kind of attack it all from another standpoint, where I know we're getting probably too much content. We can always boil it down, but but the as toying with what makes our software so successful the and that itself might be another series or kind of a persuasive white paper. You know, how we how we do it that our it's senior designers, ability to have Design Review. Ability to have code review. How do you do a code review on Excel file and on the changes that somebody's made to an Excel file in the last

Unknown Speaker  13:32
Oh male code Reviews? I

Unknown Speaker  13:43
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  13:46
version control,

Speaker 1  13:53
version control, formal testing. I

Matthias Miller  14:03
uh, when part of it is the ability to,

Unknown Speaker  14:09
like some of

Unknown Speaker  14:22
the Yeah. Yeah,

Speaker 1  14:26
activity history. Have you? Have you ever seen activity history? Well, that's on the data, but actually it helps you with this too. So it's a framework with

Speaker 2  14:40
i right.

Speaker 1  14:51
Have you ever, well, okay, Google Sheets has activity history that's Excel a little and maybe the. Latest versions of Excel do too, right? But it's more like snapshots. Like it? No, it is more like snaps. It's true. It's more like snapshots. I

Unknown Speaker  15:20
No. Editing permissions, visibility permissions. I

Unknown Speaker  15:44
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  16:02
oh, how's this? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  16:18
my word, um, it's just the worst.

Speaker 1  16:23
Oh yeah, Matthias, I just look at what Steven's team is doing, and I well, okay, as long as they're working for people with, with, with the word processors, I just kind of shrug and say, Well, surely better than anything else that these these people can have,

Unknown Speaker  16:43
but absolutely Terrifying. I

Speaker 1  17:18
where multiple people know a system design documentation,

Unknown Speaker  17:27
I said that down here so that

Unknown Speaker  17:31
designers, developers

Unknown Speaker  17:35
and clients can know how a system is supposed to work. It's

Speaker 1  17:43
interesting, as we've increased the documentation level, Tim talks about how much easier it is to support clients. Makes sense, because he's just able to he can go in there. He they run into a problem. He goes, looks at the documentation was supposed to do, and either a it's doing exactly what it said, Oh, the client doesn't want that. It's not doing what it said, oh, there's a bug and oh, the documentation doesn't say, Okay, now we need to escalate and figure out what it should say. And anyway,

Matthias Miller  18:11
that's nice. That's beautiful.

Unknown Speaker  18:17
Oops. Oh,

Matthias Miller  18:33
yeah, third party integrations is a huge pain point as well. Yeah, like, I mean that construction guy spoke with I'm probably supposed to be getting back in touch with him. I might not. I completely forgot about that project. That's embarrassing. They were supposed to be out anyway, but remind me to follow up with coons.

Unknown Speaker  19:01
With coons. They reached out to me too.

Matthias Miller  19:04
Well they did. Oh, these were the guys they sent that you sent my way.

Speaker 1  19:09
Oh, oh, it's a different coons then, sorry, got it? Got it?

Matthias Miller  19:15
Or cooner, I don't

Speaker 1  19:16
know what. Right, right, right. Okay, the coons I'm talking about are John Mark coons from his dad's a beachy preacher, and they do farm equipment, and they want to, they'd love to have something more customized than ERP, although I kind of think they, they kind of want an ERP plus customization. And I'm just anyway, I don't know if you have comments on that offhand

Matthias Miller  19:43
or, well, I mean, it just, I don't know. It depends a lot on scope and depth of pocket, Yep, yeah, yeah. Farm equipment is, I have a, there's a guy who used to work for s, for UBS, yeah. He just switched over to, I forget what the he's a portfolio manager, and he was familiar with anyway. He said the biggest thing is he's he did a biggest thing is that he's actually able to sell certain stocks. And with UBS, he was not allowed to sell people John Deere stock, which is up like some ridiculous 20% or some crazy 2050 I don't know what it was, some crazy percent, and he literally wasn't, because of a long time feud that UBS had with John Deere because of some kind of transaction. It's just like, it's like, I'm so glad to be out of the UBS politics. Anyway, how's that for random John Deere stuff? Hilarious.

Speaker 2  20:39
Anyway, I I

Matthias Miller  20:43
mentioned investor tools. Oh yeah, I know who those guys.

Speaker 2  20:47
That's hilarious. That's fantastic. And I'm

Unknown Speaker  20:55
going to have to drop soon for

Matthias Miller  20:56
oh, I promise. Seth, the code review. Okay. Well, I do you

Speaker 1  21:06
want to ping me some time and we pick this up more? Or do you see something here? Yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  21:11
I don't feel comfortable with the structure yet. I feel like there's a lot of good material, no boring, but what's the angle, what's the hook, what's the structure I feel like that? Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  21:23
No, I think you're right.

Matthias Miller  21:23
I would be fine. I don't know what, what does Monday look like for

Speaker 1  21:30
you? Um, afternoon, I'd have let me double check my calendar.

Speaker 2  21:36
Ever, never assume that you know what you're what's happening in your life? Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  21:47
Okay, so

Speaker 1  21:55
I'm free from two to four central and I could, I could bump things and be free from one to two,

Unknown Speaker  22:02
two to four.

Matthias Miller  22:07
Central. So 123, I could do one, okay, sure. How much time do you end up using? A whole hour? Sadly, I bet we are. Sadly, yeah, okay, I love speeding through things. It is, yeah. It's not as easy as Yeah, some of them that we've done for some reason.

Unknown Speaker  22:27
Yeah, okay, all right,

Speaker 1  22:33
probably doesn't hurt to let the subconscious go chewing on that for a bit.

Matthias Miller  22:37
I agree. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai