Matthias Miller  00:01
Alright, just a handful of things with this, there is a. One of the reasons to the name is that instead of having a cache culture you have a culture cache. We're just flipping this whole concept of how you deal with people on its head and approaching it from a different direction. There's a lot of people who are struggling with finding the right people and getting them to do what they want to do and do it without complaining and doing it without actually getting they're getting their job done. And so part of the part of this is like simply fixing that problem. So, part of the busy work, busy work, one of the causes of busy work is a byproduct of people not being well aligned. And in fact, if you don't get this foundation down. Doesn't matter what kind of process you put in place. People will fight the process. But if you get your team into alignment first. And you actually help them become integrated with, put them in the right place in the right kind of role and and doing the right kind of thing, then you will organically, create the structure that you need. And then once you have that you have a blueprint for your people. And that's when you start actually actually building process around it. And it's only after you create the process around that, that you're actually able to create something that's sustainable. And that people want to be a part of

Matthias Miller  01:36
this isn't actually about cash or cash flow or profitability, although it definitely is part of that. But it really comes back to busy work and it comes back to the goes back to the issue of the headaches that it creates for the owner to put people in the right place and if you don't give them the right kind of leadership, you don't put them in the right fit. Then of course you're going to have an awful culture. And of course it's going to create headaches for you of course your clients are going to be happy. Like, of course, it's a given. So one of the first pieces that you actually need to take care of. In terms of getting taken care of your headaches and your busy work is being able to, because these people and put them into the right position that need to be.

Speaker 1  02:33
All right, here's some more fire dropping for you, a lot of people try to use the try to use systems as a way to control people into into getting them to act into a certain way. And if you do this, you will create burnout, like systems does not work like that. It will not work. You have to build structure, and you have to build, build things around the way that people work. And, like, it is just the absolute most important thing. One of the things that I think we see in terms of new horizons and where it went sideways, is simply because we built a system around the way that mat worked, but we didn't build it around the way the nape work. And those are two very, very different ways of operating. And so, so that's that's definitely a piece of it but but you cannot use systems to effectively motivate and control people, if, if those people are not first and foremost aligned with who they are and who they're supposed to be and where they're supposed to be. You cannot fix that problem. It is like putting a bandaid on a broken arm and hoping that somehow you're gonna fix the problem it's not gonna work. You can't do it. So the question comes down to pricing so if you have a 30 k offer. Then the goal is to add 300 K and profitability. So if you do that at 300 K, you're looking at 300 k out of 10 million. So, what is the percentage of that. So let's just say for instance that payroll costs are about 300 K, just to be extremely conservative. I'm sorry, they're about 3 million to be extremely conservative. So you're basically looking for a 10% productivity gains. So one of the things you can do is do a 8020 analysis, and by doing that you should be able to predict based off of that, how much, how much your lease performing employee is actually costing you and what fixing that problem will actually solve for them. This could be tied into some metrics around engagement and performance on a team by Team basis and then be able to look at, you know, establishing KPIs. For profitability on each specific piece and then being able to tie that back to results.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai