Unknown Speaker  00:21
There You go.

Unknown Speaker  00:52
Am I here? Yep,

Matthias Miller  00:53
you're here. Cool space. I

Matthias Miller  01:04
Are you able to hear?

Speaker 1  01:07
Yeah, I can. I'm just trying to remember how to get everything up here.

Unknown Speaker  01:20
There we go.

Matthias Miller  01:28
Good, well, I think I will just turn it over to Audra. And I well, actually, before we do that, just I guess quick update. I disable the login and I have the Facebook Messenger download pending, and as soon as that's downloaded, I will save it to my computer, write a little tool to save only the marketplace messages, and then put that together to as a reference, then delete it off my computer. So, yes, okay, sounds

Unknown Speaker  02:07
good. Okay, I appreciate that.

Speaker 2  02:09
Yeah, that should be very helpful. I guess what I'm thinking we're doing today, you're going to walk us through your Facebook Messenger and how you would respond. Is that what we're planning on doing? Micah,

Speaker 1  02:22
I had a few questions first, and this is maybe something, something for Matthias and I to talk through and work through. Like, let's say there is a customer. It's more about the payment part of it. So let's say there is a customer that I've talked to previously, and now he just comes back and says, Hey, I'm ready to buy. You know at what point it would be nice to have at what point, what our expectations are for you and for me, as to, at what point do you get paid? Just because I talked to them before doesn't mean you're not due to payment because I didn't follow up, but if I did follow up and they were just waiting until now they're ready, do you still get the 5% or, you know, there's a few things like that, I think it'd be better to have clarity before we start than once it comes up.

Matthias Miller  03:14
I would agree. I don't know where to draw the line. I do think

Matthias Miller  03:26
if it's been if they spontaneously resurface and are ready to buy. I think it's, yeah, I don't know what the I think it's reasonable for it not to be 5% is there a Is it zero? Maybe, if we're teeing it up, is it maybe two and a half or one, or, I don't know what the number should be, is there maybe just a little bit, if we're teeing it up for you and getting it set up, if going back and bumping conversation, going back and you're

Speaker 1  04:01
if you bump the conversation, and it's because of that that they're now reminded then, I mean, I feel like you should get paid. It was more something, you know, there's a lot of people on there that, well, I can't do anything until my house sells, or whatever the reason is. And I have people now that pop up and they just, you know, it's, it's out of the blue. They say, hey, and I don't even remember their name, they just call me, or they just come up and say, hey, you know, I'm ready to die. So some of that stuff, I was like, well, like, for me, if you guys didn't even talk to them, or they didn't respond to your messages, or whatever, then why are you getting paid? Because you did nothing for that part of it. But then there's all the gray area between that, and I want to be fair, trust me, I'm not here to just nickel dime, you know, everything out of there, but it's something to think about. And we don't have to, we don't have to come up with something now, but maybe in the past, and think of. About it, and we can talk about it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:01
if they call you directly, I think there's nothing you have their number, we're not in the loop. Like that's That seems fair, completely fair to me. And I think, I think the question is, what's what's fair? If, if we set an appointment, and if we handle, I guess here's the other thing, if we do end up handling any kind of admin stuff, on the back end, there's, there's maybe some question too, as far as I don't know, like you said, I can put some thought into it. We can put some thought into it and come up with a proposal.

Speaker 1  05:40
I'm usually pretty easy going with that kind of stuff too, but it's something to think about. Yeah, you know, I

Speaker 2  05:45
agree. I agree. I like it. It's good question. It might be slightly more clear when we understand if this were a pipeline already, you know, and if we knew, we could say, you know, Micah had talked to somebody. There's a quote given, you know, every piece of information they need to buy is already in there, and they just circle back around and choose to buy six months later randomly, we would have already put that somewhere in the pipeline, marked, you know, pending or whatever. We would have marked it. I know we don't have that set up yet, but I think it maybe that becomes more clear as we actually work through the process too.

Matthias Miller  06:16
One idea would be to to have percentage points based on where it is in the pipeline. So if it's, I mean, maybe, and I don't know what off the top of my head, like, maybe it's 1% for the project management permitting, the all that stuff. Maybe it's another percent for booking the appointment. Maybe it's another percent to, I mean, and kind of working through where, if we, if we take it all the way back to the beginning, where we're nurturing it, we're getting them warmed up, we're following up, we're staying in touch, then that's the full 5% but then based on how far they've progressed, that determines and we come up with kind of what we think the pipeline stages are, which is so like, if they haven't been quoted before, and we do the quote, well, then that's a little bit more. And we come up with some kind of proposal, I think if we have the pipeline stages like that, like we have done a site visit, we have done we have done quotes, or even a closed deal, and there's potentially a little bit of admin work, but not much in the back end. So we'll put something like that together. I think that should be pretty clear, and we're happy to work with you on that. Yeah. And to

Speaker 1  07:29
be clear, if it's something like, I'm sure, my experience with this is, you're going to go through the old stuff, and it may have been six months ago, it may have been a year ago, and they're like, oh, you know what, I couldn't find your contact, but yes, I want to buy and it's going to be very minimal. But the thing is, if it wasn't for you, I don't know if I would have gotten to it, so I still want you to be paid fairly for that. Like, I'm not like, Oh, you didn't do anything, so you don't get paid. That's not the point. It's just something to think about too. You know, where are we at with

Unknown Speaker  08:00
everything? I like it. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  08:04
okay, it's yours.

Speaker 2  08:09
Well, yeah, so are you able to, well, let's see. Can you show me what to do? I mean, it's a simple question, I guess. But if we're just going to jump right into this, and if I were going to pull it up and start working on it today. My first question would be, Okay, what does it look like? What do I do? What have you done? Where do I find information, etc,

Speaker 1  08:32
oh, what would be the best way to share links with you that I use?

Speaker 2  08:41
You could drop them in this chat if you'd like to, and I can just grab them, or you could send me an email if you have a collection.

Speaker 1  08:53
I have a bunch of shortcuts I'm just trying to figure out. Oh yeah, I have zoom on my iPad, but I have my laptop. Oh, sure.

Matthias Miller  09:01
Can you right click? Can you right click? An expert are using Chrome? Yeah,

Speaker 2  09:05
if you have some saved in a folder, could export them to us.

Unknown Speaker  09:11
I use Safari mostly.

Matthias Miller  09:13
Let's see expert from Safari. Let's see what expert. I'm sure there's a

Matthias Miller  09:23
on the File menu, there's an export bookmarks, so that might be an option. Might might do too much, but i

Speaker 1  09:56
Hey, let me put a bunch of stuff here in. Email, and I'll just email those to you. What's your email address?

Unknown Speaker  10:04
It's going to be assistant@codehouse.com I can spell codehouse for you if you don't have it,

Speaker 1  10:11
C, O, D, E, H, A, U, S,

Speaker 2  10:15
S, Yes, sir.com. Yeah. Okay, so,

Unknown Speaker  12:02
Well while you're doing that, okay,

Speaker 1  12:03
you should have, you should have that email. Now those are the three main links you're going to be using.

Speaker 2  12:09
I see it. Great idea. Room 3d. Yep, okay,

Speaker 1  12:15
pulling these up and, okay. Matthias, I feel like I should have years. I could just forward that to you,

Unknown Speaker  12:25
yeah? Or I can, if that's you here.

Speaker 1  12:30
Okay, yeah, it's gonna save time for it, because I don't have them saved in if you want to, you want to send it to Matthias to save a little bit,

Speaker 2  12:39
I will do it. I've got the hazard tool, I've got the sales tax calculator, and got the 3d builder. Okay, and forward

Speaker 1  12:47
that the sales tax thing, once you do like, one or two a day, it's going to ask you to put in your name with email address, and does that every day. The only way I found that I've found is a paid account, but I've talked to them in person, and for what I do, there's no advantage to a paid account. Okay? So you might just once a day have to put in and you can do sometimes I just make up stuff. Sometimes they accept the names. Sometimes they don't,

Speaker 2  13:13
okay, I can use a throwaway email address. Then basically I need to, they

Speaker 1  13:17
don't really like, like Mike at Bull barn.com, or something like that. So okay, after a while, they have my information, so I just make it interesting.

Speaker 2  13:33
Yeah, that seems like a lot. That's hilarious. Okay, sounds good. So I've got these pulled up, so we're doing inbound only, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  13:45
inbound. What do you mean?

Speaker 2  13:46
I mean, people are coming to us first, so you're going to get a message that's already interested, already clicked on the ad, okay? And so the first thing that you're going to ask them is, I

Speaker 1  14:03
I had not logged into messenger since I changed my password. So gotcha,

Speaker 2  14:10
of course, there are lots to jump through, and while

Matthias Miller  14:21
you're doing that, Audrey, did you get my last pass with the Facebook? Oh, hey, let me look

Speaker 2  14:32
Mike biz@gmail.com Yeah, yeah, I haven't. I haven't tried to use it yet.

Speaker 1  14:40
Should I test it one thing? Or should I leave it one thing? You can go ahead and do that if you want to, then I'll authorize it. But okay, I would like to, before we go into that, I would like to go through the the idea room and tell you some tools there, show you some tools there. Sure. Yeah, that'd be great as as well as the ASCE how to do all that.

Speaker 2  15:06
Sure, it's easier for you to share your screen with me, or have me share mine with you.

Speaker 1  15:16
Maybe you share it with me, since you can walk me through. Yeah, I didn't. I thought it was a good idea to do this on my iPad, and I should have done my iPad as a second screen. It's all good. I have the ability to, like, have the iPad as a second screen beside my MacBook. And I didn't think about it because that would have been the way to

Speaker 2  15:37
go. Oh, that makes sense. Let me see if I've got this going the way it should be here. Okay, okay, sounds good. So I've got, which one would you like to start with?

Speaker 1  15:55
Let's go to that one, this one, yeah. Okay, so for right now, I've asked them to change the email on it. They have not so my sales login up at the top. Okay, tell you what. Just put in the zip code and just use 81007, okay, that's pueblo. That's Pueblo S Yeah. And for a lot of Colorado, it's going to tell you not available, and it just is what it is. We cover all of Colorado. We cover essentially where I say we go, as long as we price accordingly so and then click like garage. Have you used one of these before?

Speaker 2  16:40
This type of generator before, a little bit not professional, so, okay, all right,

Speaker 1  16:54
most of our does not affect the price, but most of our buildings, you would hit dirt, or you do gravel, oh, gravel on most of those, or dirt. Yeah, they use the same anchor. It doesn't really matter roof style. Roof style, unless the customer specifies they want regular or boxy. We always do vertical here. Okay? And what that is, is the So, if you turn the building so that you can see the roof, yep,

Speaker 1  17:32
okay, well, so you see how the ribs go from the peak down To the E vertical.

Unknown Speaker  17:39
That's vertical. Okay, okay, look

Speaker 1  17:41
at okay. If you do box D, it goes in and that's not a great idea. That's not a great idea in the snow, in the snow, yeah, I got you. Okay, good. So I don't even offer it to people unless they specify. And in three years, I've sold like two Bill two buildings or car posts that were inverted.

Unknown Speaker  18:01
That's interesting.

Unknown Speaker  18:04
I just don't know

Speaker 2  18:05
if they ask for it. Do you talk through the snow implications?

Speaker 1  18:09
The other thing is that

Speaker 2  18:14
no, just because they do ask for it. Do you talk about snow with them? Is that a is that a discussion you have? Or do you just let them choose it. It

Speaker 1  18:21
is okay, I'll tell them. And the big thing too is so if they do any of the box tea or the vertical, or the foxy or the regular, we only warranty it for leaks for 90 days. Okay, after 90 days, they're on their own. If it leaks, that's their baby. Gotcha. With vertical, with vertical, we warranty it for 20 years,

Speaker 2  18:45
regular. So is that something I'm going to have to know, or is that too deep in the weeds right now,

Speaker 1  18:54
there's a very slight chance if that's going to come up anytime. I mean, as soon as I say that, it's going to but no, I address, I address that. Okay, maybe 10 times a year.

Unknown Speaker  19:05
Okay, that's fair. That's fair. Okay, makes sense. Okay, roof pitch.

Speaker 1  19:14
So the 412 is just steeper. I like it. I like the looks better, and it's the same price right now. So a lot of times I do just upgrade to the 412 Gotcha. But it does make it the overall structure taller. So if they want to the 312 versus 412 doesn't really make much difference on the main building part, but when we get to lean twos, it does. It does affect that makes sense. If you go down a little farther, the bottom one is the one that you're going to be using the four foot on center. So when we have five foot on center, we are 35 pounds per square foot. Snow, low, okay, at 140 mile per hour. Wind. Sure, when we go to four when we go to four foot, the wind stays the same, but that now takes us to 50 pounds per square foot snowman. So that is one that we use a lot. Okay, anyone that is over 35 pounds per square foot, just bump it up to four foot, it automatically calculates the price. Okay, we're good to go. Gotcha? So

Unknown Speaker  20:25
this is the frame spacing, and this is where I'm going to look up snow load. Then

Speaker 1  20:34
the ASCE site is, this is where you look up snow. Yeah, let's stay here for now. Just do you understand? Do you understand the frame, the frame spacing, what we're talking

Speaker 2  20:48
about there? Yeah, conceptually. So if someone tells me they live in a location, I'm going to check to see what the snow load of that location is, and if it's over 35 I need to choose four foot. Is that right,

Speaker 1  21:01
right, right, okay. But essentially what that is is, so the posts and the trusses are five foot on center, sure. Okay, I gotcha. And then, and then, yeah, because sometimes they ask, so what? What's the difference in the, you know, building, or whatever. It's just the only difference is we put in more posts and trust, and we can go heavier than 50, but fourthly goes to 50. If we're heavier than 50, I'll just have to explain how to close that. Okay, maybe try to keep it simpler today and not do too much information overload.

Unknown Speaker  21:35
That'd be helpful.

Speaker 1  21:39
The next size, the next option down is the side. And a lot of this stuff, you're going to be the best thing to do is just go in and play with, okay, so that's very, that's very self explanatory. Leg height is the, that's the Eve height. So the, you know, the wall height on the on the short side is that

Speaker 2  22:02
there Gotcha, okay, and then I'm just going to mess it all up while I'm in here. Be fine. Go for it. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  22:17
And then what's the next option? Down

Unknown Speaker  22:18
sides and ends,

Speaker 1  22:22
okay, so that's where you're going to find your lean tos, and that a lot of the buildings we do do have lean to, okay. But also, if someone wants an end open, or anything like that, so like, you click on right lean to,

Speaker 2  22:40
okay, I probably messed up the size enough that it doesn't like this. So should I? Should I do something better here?

Speaker 1  22:49
Tell you what? Go to the size and do 30 by 50. Okay, that's one of our more popular ones.

Speaker 2  22:58
30 by well, did I mess that up? Already? 30 by five? Oh, you're

Speaker 1  23:01
on four foot on six. Center. Do do 52 because we're on four, four foot on center. Gotcha, okay. And then GO, GO 14 feet higher, okay,

Speaker 2  23:15
okay, perfect. That'll probably be better. And then right lean to,

Speaker 1  23:19
okay, yeah, go right lean to hit lean only okay. And then most of the times I do 312, pitch, okay, oh, yeah, okay. The reason, the reason for that, is anywhere where there's snow, or even where there's not that much snow, when there's a wet snow, that roof, that snow from the top roof hits that lean to, okay, and so it can pile up on that lead to where, you know, as it comes down, sure. So I try to do 312 that makes it a little bit steeper to get it down. There are times when they want a taller wall, and so we have to go to 12. Or there's times for for the most part, I do a 312 okay? And then do the same thing on the left the YouTube

Unknown Speaker  24:11
will this? Just add it.

Speaker 1  24:14
Do you have to go through the same process? Mean? Only okay? And then 312

Speaker 2  24:22
so did I manage to put both on? Looks like I did. I can barely see them. So there's,

Speaker 1  24:28
well, you have to go down the next thing. Let's go to additional options.

Unknown Speaker  24:32
Okay. Oh, there we go. Yep. Okay,

Speaker 1  24:36
so the vertical versus horizontal side wall. Okay, that is same as the roof and on the so hit the one below that on the end and you see it better the for the gable Gable wall panels or the end wall panel.

Speaker 2  25:01
Oh, okay, wait, the gable wall panel, the one on the end. What do I miss in here?

Speaker 1  25:06
Okay, yeah, so if you hit vertical on the gable and side, oh yeah, okay, you can see the difference between vertical and horizontal better.

Unknown Speaker  25:15
Yeah. Okay, gotcha okay.

Speaker 1  25:19
So anything 14 tall, I always price vertical, on on, all the way around, unless they are coming with me with they're saying I'm too high, or they're saying they have a quote from someone else, or whatever. Or if I think that it's just going to be too much money, then I might do the horizontal. But I will explain the difference today.

Unknown Speaker  25:42
Okay,

Speaker 1  25:45
if you go inside, I don't know, am I going? I don't know. I'm trying to figure out and go into it. Basically, we have more framing, and you get stronger walls when you go with a vertical, with a vertical, okay, yeah, if you zoom in.

Unknown Speaker  26:02
Sure, where, where am I going? Just, just

Speaker 1  26:05
use your mouse, like, Go. Keep going. Okay, you can go all the way inside the building.

Speaker 2  26:10
Oh, nice. Oh, nice. Okay, so now,

Speaker 1  26:14
when you're inside, get the horizontal for the side, for the sidewall, siding panels,

Unknown Speaker  26:24
Oh, I see it. Yeah, that

Speaker 1  26:25
bracing disappeared, yep. So that's the difference, and that's a huge that's a huge thing for a lot of people, is they get that extra framing, and it's usually, like, on this building, it's, I'm just guessing, probably $1,500 difference. And for a lot of people, they're like, Yeah, let's do it.

Unknown Speaker  26:43
Yeah. That makes sense, yep, just There you go. Not even

Speaker 1  26:48
so if you zoom out again, okay, and then go up to the size, the frustrating thing is you have to go to the sides and end and do the lean to then you have to go back up to size, okay, and then make the Lean TOS 12 feet wide. That's kind of the most. That's very much the most popular size. And then nine foot tall.

Unknown Speaker  27:27
Oh, interesting, yeah, okay, see it that

Speaker 1  27:29
that is the most popular size that we have is a 30 by 4030, by 50. With that layout, the main difference comes people want doors layout. Some people want, you know, like a 14 foot tall for an RV. Other people just want a 10 by 10 or something like that, sure. But if you go farther down to the doors, windows and frame mounts, yep. What do

Unknown Speaker  27:59
you want me to add?

Speaker 1  28:00
And then you can click on, like, the end wall and just, just add two doors, like, roll up door.

Speaker 2  28:08
Okay, that's not what I wanted to do. Okay, so to re

Speaker 1  28:13
click, click on the doors on the building, and then hit Remove. Yeah, here you go.

Speaker 2  28:17
Yeah, yeah. Okay, we good on that. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  28:21
Now click, click on that pencil, yep, and then hit 12 by 12.

Speaker 2  28:30
Chain, hoist. That is my option. Okay, nice.

Unknown Speaker  28:33
Move it to the left. Just drag it to the left.

Speaker 2  28:40
What should my dimension there be on the left, four feet, four and a half, something like that.

Speaker 1  28:48
Yeah. Well, go a little farther. Go past the halfway mark, like feet.

Unknown Speaker  28:55
What do you mean? How's that? Okay?

Speaker 1  28:57
There you go. Okay. Go to where it's about two feet from the wall.

Speaker 2  29:02
Yeah, two feet Perfect. Okay.

Speaker 1  29:07
And then hit, hit that pencil up there again, okay. And hit clone.

Matthias Miller  29:18
Okay. Did it. There we go.

Speaker 1  29:25
And now you have 212 by 12 doors. Oh, interesting. Wherever they want. The lock door, you can put it on the side or whatever. Okay, now go up to sales logging.

Speaker 1  29:42
Yes, okay, and put the mics, biz, M, I, C, S, B, I, Z, Gmail. I'm going to try to get them to fix that today. I asked them to last week, and they didn't get it done.

Unknown Speaker  29:59
And. Yes.

Speaker 2  30:02
Okay, hold on. No, am I go farther down B, I, Z, Gmail, right? And I click login, yeah, and just, it should do something. It's not doing anything. Yeah, I'm just curious. Okay,

Speaker 1  30:17
well, well, if it didn't say, Okay. Now go down below the doors, windows, frameworks, I think it did something we just can't see. Okay, okay. Sales Tools, okay, click on the sales Oh,

Unknown Speaker  30:35
there we go. Okay, gotcha

Speaker 1  30:40
so now you have a lot of options there. It shows you the standard deposit amount that you're going to collect, the if there's a discount. I'm trying to see because you're you

Speaker 1  31:06
Yeah, okay, so the sales tax amount, so go up to, well, Avalara is pretty, pretty straightforward on how to use and Pueblo West is 5.9% sales tax. Okay, so they're at the sales tax. You go in, you hit percentage, okay, and then hit 590, just do okay. And then add custom line,

Unknown Speaker  31:42
add custom line, okay?

Speaker 1  31:45
So sometimes we can do, like, a 5% discount, if we need to, just to get that. So, like, let's say we do a 5% discount on this. So hit manufacture discount, percentage of building, okay. And what would we put in? Just do you can do like price match or whatever? Yeah, price match is probably the most common one, okay. And then add another custom liner item, okay. So in some buildings, if this building had a 14 foot tall door, we would have to have a forklift. So click on the manufacturer discount, but go down to expense, non tax. Okay? And do forklift rental, okay? And $2,000 if the customer provides a 6000 pound telehandler, then we won't charge them. But if they can't provide one, then we that's what we charge.

Speaker 2  32:54
That's what you charge. Okay, do you have a Do you have the information on the other thing, no, is that kind of standard? Yeah, we're just building, yeah.

Speaker 1  33:06
It is, yeah, and we'll cover that. More 30 wide building with 14 foot tall doors is kind of the we're kind of pushing it to not have one. We can get away with not having a four click rental. But if they have 14 foot tall doors, so if they would have a 14 by 14 doors instead of the 212 by 12, then it's not an option. We have to have that fork,

Unknown Speaker  33:29
okay?

Speaker 1  33:34
And then if it's a commercial building, then we automatically have to have it, no matter what. Okay, okay, so that's like, as far as pricing it, that's that now in Pueblo County, since we are looking at Pueblo s in public County, we do offer permitting. We're licensed care and everything we can do the permitting. So in that case, you would do the same thing expense. You just do another one, yes, and it's 1250

Unknown Speaker  34:19
okay.

Speaker 1  34:21
Now, what that changes, though, is it changes the deposit, because that's something that I take care of. That is not something that first choice does. So in this case, you would go back up and where it says the standard is 16% and it's 5946 47 you add, you take that number 5009 4647 and you add $1,250 to that. And then where it says custom amount, you hit custom amount. You don't have to go through all that, but you would that would be just deposit.

Speaker 2  34:59
I just. Did, okay. Okay, there you go, Yeah, Okay, gotcha.

Speaker 1  35:06
So there you have that. And then if you want to, you can go to the top, oh, now hit Save to list,

Matthias Miller  35:14
okay, or deposit, okay, am I? Am I right that normally in the dealer deposit amount, you would put that 16% amount in that dealer deposit amount, or no?

Speaker 1  35:26
Well, it was already if you hit, if you No, no, discount. Did I do it wrong? You would just leave a discount. No, you're right. I'm sorry. I can't read everybody. No, you're right. So that's how you would do it. Yeah, no, if it's if we're not, if we're not doing the permit, you just leave it on standard, and then hit save the list.

Speaker 2  35:45
Okay, right up here. Okay, yes, okay.

Unknown Speaker  35:51
And

Unknown Speaker  35:57
then you hit quote.

Speaker 2  36:01
Can I rename this at all, or do I just, it's just a saved building. You

Speaker 1  36:04
can, okay, like, just, just put mouse over the garage. Oh, okay, you can. You can rename that.

Unknown Speaker  36:13
Okay, Okay, gotcha. But

Speaker 1  36:16
if you go to quote, yep, okay. And then if you want to, if you want to, just put, send it to me, put it, yeah, send it to yourself, Okay? And you can make up an address. I don't care. It doesn't matter. I don't

Speaker 2  36:31
really care. I'm going to send it to assistant at coathouse. And, yeah, okay, oh, I don't know whose address that is. That's funny. Is that yours? That's yours. That's my house. Sorry, let's see 123, East. There we go. I won't send it to you,

Speaker 1  36:51
okay? And then hit email me. You can click one of those if you want to adjust. Yeah, hit that. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  37:07
And then check your email.

Matthias Miller  37:17
You're You're in my account,

Unknown Speaker  37:20
aren't you? Okay? Yeah, mind it's messy.

Speaker 2  37:29
I care it's usually cleaner than it's alright? Well, it hasn't shown up yet, but let's see I did it, right? Didn't I?

Speaker 1  37:42
Does it? Yeah, let me see where I have done anything. It can take a second. No,

Speaker 2  37:49
it's fine. It probably will just take I

Speaker 1  37:52
got the email. Oh, okay, good, but you should have it, and it does look right email,

Speaker 2  38:00
unless I fat fingered my email address. But sometimes Google takes, oh, here it is 3d design. I got it. Okay, it's my custom design and estimate. Okay, okay, open your saved design garage. All that delivery, yep. Okay.

Speaker 1  38:25
So now there you have two options you have, where it says, open your safe design and then which goes back to exactly the shed that was on there. Okay, but you you also have this and so, yeah, if a customer is ready to order, that's the PDF. Is what you take and then we upload it into DocuSign and send it to them for a signature. But if you go down like you have the full pictures of the buildings, you have measurement layouts, everything.

Unknown Speaker  38:54
Oh yeah, that's really nice. Okay, great.

Speaker 1  39:01
Any questions on that? I don't think so. I guess.

Speaker 2  39:06
Well, let's see. I send it to the customer. I won't have that, but I'll have access to the PDF, and somewhere in here,

Speaker 1  39:16
when we get to send it to that, you'll have access to the DocuSign and everything. Okay,

Speaker 2  39:20
perfect, Yep, good, yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  39:25
go to the ASCE. Okay, there

Unknown Speaker  39:31
we go. I search for my house or something

Speaker 1  39:38
you can if you want to, or we can just hang on, I can get a

Speaker 1  39:49
just put in big Vista road that's going to be in rye or right there. You just click on that. That's one I did this morning. Will see it in the messages. Then, okay, risk category, yep, hit hit one.

Unknown Speaker  40:07
How do I know that

Speaker 1  40:09
they all are and it's an accessory building. Okay, great. And then hit wind, yeah, just leave that the way it is. Hit wind and then snow. Okay, if you click on that 100 so it gives you 100 100 mile per hour, and then 41 and if you want to get detailed, you can do detailed and stuff. But for the most part, that's what you're looking for, is those two right there. Okay, so on that one, that's the ground, that's the ground, snow loads. We

Speaker 2  40:43
wouldn't have four foot frame stracing, right?

Speaker 1  40:48
Makes sense. So that's how you use that. It's pretty the frustrating thing with that one is sometimes, so we obviously do a lot of work with people that just bought property, or maybe it's an area that was just developed, and there's new roads, sometimes they don't show up. And so sometimes I have to go on a map and I have to find a house or a place a different road that's close to that, okay, that will work, that will come up, but most of the time it works, but sometimes it just doesn't work. But just be careful that, like if someone says the address is Canyon City, so Canyon City is like 28 pounds per square foot. However, there are addresses that are literally 45 minutes drive west of Canyon City that need a 50 or 60 pounds per square foot snow load that are still

Speaker 2  41:39
Canyon City, still Canyon City address, yeah, yeah. That's fair. So

Speaker 1  41:43
you don't, you don't want to go unless someone says, Well, I'm right in town, or I'm right beside town, or whatever. You don't want to just assume that because Canyon City is 28 that they're good to go.

Speaker 2  41:53
Understandable. I grew up on a farm 40 minutes away from the town where my address was, so I got that. Let's see, do you, do you ask for their address? Then, when you're doing this, or crossroads, or like, how do you I'll probably see it in your messages. But is it just easiest to ask for the address? Side address? So

Speaker 1  42:13
I am very much a I'm very much with trying to go with the vibe. If it feels like they're not wanting to give me information, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna ask for it, sure, but I will just say, hey, you know, are you close to town? Or, you know, if you tell me where you're at, I can look it up or something like that. Then if they want to say, Well, I'm right by this road, or whatever, without giving their address, they can. Or if they just want to give me the address, and on the other hand, if they're just like spitting out all the information, they just want to get it done. And I will ask for the I'll say, if you give me your address, I don't, I never say, or I don't think I ever say, What's your address? Maybe I do some time, but I always try to follow it up with, if you give me your address, I can look up. You know, that's great, what you're looking for. Because if someone, if someone's just kicking tires, like for me, if I'm just like, Okay, what am I getting into? Is this legit? I have four kids. They homeschool, not giving I don't want I'm not giving my address out, unless I trust the company, unless I'm ready to go

Speaker 2  43:15
100% that makes sense. That was my next question. When, when we go to quote? You know, when I have a quote, I'm sending it to them to sign. DocuSign, we need the site address at that point, right? That all needs to be in there.

Speaker 1  43:26
Yes, yeah. Once they once, they're like, hey, I want a quote. I'm getting serious about this, then you're going to get an address for one. There's a 90% chance I'll be going out to them, so I need a place to go anyhow, yep. I mean, if they're at the if they don't want to give the address, then they're not too serious, because how are we going to be able to

Speaker 2  43:45
build them, right? No, that makes perfect sense. I was just kind of curious, what the but that makes sense to me. I like that. Yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  43:55
okay. Well, we have like, 15 minutes, and I feel like it took a lot of time with that. Is there anything in particular you guys wanted to cover.

Speaker 2  44:05
I'm thinking, Well, let's think about next steps. I guess on my end of things, I'm going to be able to see the message history here in a little while, I think, and then this is a lot of really great information. So I think by reading through your past conversations and understanding this, I'll probably have a pretty good idea of how to how to do it, how to get started. So what would be the next steps in your mind? I guess I always like to have a little bit of an expectation and training that I'm probably going to have questions for a week or two that I might ping over to you, and I don't necessarily want to make that slower response on the customer side, you have a suggestion on how to handle something like that, if I just don't know what to do,

Speaker 1  44:53
call or text, call or text, okay, or just send me a text and say, hey, check out Mike's i. Messages or give me a name, tell me something I can just hop on real quick most of the time. Okay, my email is terrible. Okay? Like I scroll through email. I don't open them unless I'm right there, just right I always think that if someone wants me right now, they're going to call or text me. That makes you need something right now, I'll call if it's something that you have a couple minutes or something you can text me, and if I don't respond right away, call me. Email is something that I check half a dozen times a day.

Speaker 2  45:33
That's fair. No, I like that. Well, you know, I also think it's kind of one of those things that just sort of has to be jumped into. And I think again, once I read your messages, it'll probably be a lot more obvious to me what happens and stuff. So is there anything else that you can think of? I mean, I'm sitting down at the computer for the first time. I'm doing this for the first time I see a message come in. I'm trying to match your vibe based on what I know, getting to know people, getting to know what they need, trying to understand what their needs are, yeah, yep, okay,

Speaker 1  46:07
just be you. Just don't try to, like, make it comfortable, as if you and I are talking, yep, for you to convey the message. Don't try to, like, mimic my wording. Yep, you be you. That puts the customer at ease more than anything. Just be real, yeah, I like it. And just because, you know, if I word things a certain way, doesn't mean that's the best option for you, and you'll find out soon. Sometimes you can tell you, say something and all. It just seems like everything changed from that point on. Yeah, that's fair, and it is what it is. I mean, we are going to lose some just because sometimes it's miscommunication, and they never give us a chance to clarify. Yep, that is what it is. You know, that is what it is, yeah. Okay, yeah. And if someone is just rude, let me, let me look at it. I don't have a lot of patience for someone at that point. It's just not worth it. I mean, the juice isn't worth it. Worth the squeeze. I mean, it's just not if someone's being rude, or they're a know it all, or they're just whatever. Let me look at it, because sometimes it's just better to say, hey, you know what? Maybe you should talk to this person. One thing. If someone, if someone talks for a barn dominion, ask for bardominium. You know, are you familiar with that term?

Speaker 2  47:27
I do, do you do those? Okay? So

Speaker 1  47:31
I will entertain the idea of doing the show. If they are in Custer County, if they are in the San Luis Valley, if they are down there somewhere, otherwise, I will be very clear as to the hoops they have to jump through to do okay. So it is possible in Fremont County, but quite honestly, they're better off hiring high country or VWC and do a post stream building. And so I usually just tell them that, okay, I had a long conversation with Travis. You're going to come across messages probably. He called me. We talked for probably 30 minutes, and I just explained to him the difference. And yes, my building is going to be cheaper right now, but by the time he gets through permitting and the county he was in, I think he was in Park County, okay, by the time he gets through with everything, he's going to be a lot more hassle and just as expensive to use my building than if he just goes with Julian. Sure, Jeff is kind of my if someone wants a post train building, I personally would use Jeff, just because he's more of your local country boy guy. He's not not a salesman. He's just, he goes strictly by word of mouth. Is how where he gets his stuff. However, Julian, on the other side, is a lot more familiar with he will go into Park County, he will go into El Paso County, and he will push the limits a little more where Jeff is more. Keep it local. Keep it simple. Okay, so a lot of times I give them both, if it's barndo in El Paso County or anything in El Paso County, I just give VWC constructions information because I know Jeff doesn't want to go in there, makes sense. So they're both good friends of mine. I would tell both of them the exact same thing as I'm telling you right now.

Speaker 2  49:32
Okay, no, that makes a lot of sense. And so as I'm listening to you, that makes sense, and I realize that if I get a bardominium question tomorrow, I'm probably gonna have to kick it to you, because I don't know much enough to sell it. Does that make sense at this point, right? Okay, yeah.

Speaker 1  49:51
And then just say hey. Just say hey, this guy's asking me some stuff I'm not sure about you mind just, you know, maybe the best thing would be for me to just. Take over, yeah, if I can at the time, if you can, yeah, and then you can, you can just see how I respond and everything. Yeah, no,

Speaker 2  50:07
absolutely over time. I think I can capture enough information that I can be more that I wouldn't sound like an idiot. How about that? That's my baseline. I try really hard not to sound like an idiot first, and then go from there. No, I think this is good. This is really good information.

Speaker 1  50:24
Also, don't feel don't hesitate to like, if you're not sure on the answer, yeah, just say, Hey, I'm Mike's assistant. I'm helping him catch up on some messages, or I'm doing the messages for him while he's doing appointments or whatever. And this is something he's going to have to answer for you. Like I would rather you be confident with that then for the customer to sense that you're not sure what you're talking about. I agree.

Speaker 2  50:51
I don't like to sound that way, especially on behalf of other people when I'm trying to sell things. So that I like that response, or I'm Mike's assistant. I need to check with him on some details, and I'll get back to you here shortly something like that too. Yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  51:07
that'd be fun just something like that. Say, just to be upfront with them, because sometimes we talk to people and they make an excuse. I'll get back with you on that or this. And it just, it gives the essence that you don't really know what you're doing, yeah? Or gives it a feeling, you know, and so, and the customer doesn't realize it, but they're not confident in you, yeah? And it's better to just be honest about it and say, You know what? I don't have this information right now, but I will get it for you. Yeah,

Speaker 2  51:35
agreed. Okay, I think so. So the basic process is, someone wants a building, I ascertain what kind of building they want, what they want to use it for, generally, where they are. I try to gather all that information and just sort of continue the process. Now,

Speaker 1  51:51
what you're going to see is, in most of them, when someone contacts me, I'm going to find out where they want to build before I go much farther. Okay, El Paso County, if it's agriculture, we're go. I'll go for it. So if they can use it for, you know, if it is for garages or anything like that, they just, if they're going to do permitting, they need to take care of the permit. I'm not going to deal with permitting there. I will try to help them with engineering. And then public, public County, Fremont County, we can do the we can do the permitting for them. Orphan County, same way.

Speaker 2  52:30
Okay, hold on, you don't haven't have this written down. Do you? Because that'll be the other if, if location is going to be one of the qualifiers, right off the bat, do you have a list of locations that you just don't want to work with? Or anything like that, that I can just reference,

Speaker 1  52:47
basically Denver and the suburbs I don't want to work

Unknown Speaker  52:52
in Denver and suburbs, no, okay,

Speaker 1  52:58
in and then it's El Paso County, Colorado Springs. Now we do quite a we still do. We do quite a few in El Paso County, but they're like Payton for their ease. They're out in the prairie, and it's so El Paso County is complicated.

Speaker 2  53:20
Okay, so let's say straight. No straight. No is, maybe is El Paso County, depending on location, no Colorado Springs, no monument, no monument. Okay,

Speaker 1  53:40
but then sometimes they say Colorado Springs, and they're actually more like midway, which is right on the Colorado Springs and the Pueblo ride. And in that area, I've had customers tell me that the inspector said, don't even bother with a permit. Just do what you want to do, because that's what everyone does, even though technically they're supposed to Okay. So in that case, I give the customer the information. They make the decision, okay, I do not want someone coming after me and say, oh, you know, you told the customer you don't need a permit. I want to be able to go back and say, No, I gave you. I gave information to the customer, and the customer said he doesn't want to do it. That makes sense. Never had it happen, but one sale is not worth getting in trouble for any of that. Well, absolutely.

Speaker 2  54:26
And is there any way I'm going to understand or have reference for permitting in these places? Can I go somewhere and look at it and kind of be familiar with it? Or do you have a cheat sheet for me? Because that seems like the first two conversations I'm going to have with somebody are going to be location and permitting, and I don't feel very comfortable on either one of those right at this moment, but no helps me.

Speaker 1  54:50
The permitting is so complicated in Colorado. Yeah, okay, I'll give you an example. I'll give you an example public County. So I have my contractor's license in public County. Okay? So. Pueblo County. Well, while we're talking about Pueblo County, Pueblo County tax is 3.9% okay, however, Pueblo West, which is essentially just a very large, very controlling Hoa, their their sales tax is 5.9% Wow, okay, they're not a city. They have no legal right for anything. But when we do the permitting, we have to apply with Pueblo West first, because they have to sign off on location and the building before, but before the county will even look at it. And the county doesn't like them because they can't, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  55:53
well, that does sound complicated, so

Speaker 1  55:56
here's the other part of it. Here's the other part of it. We can. We can do permits in both of those, okay. However, Pueblo County takes about two to three weeks. Pueblo West is four to six weeks. We can get into the details later, but it's not the same amount of time to get that done. But the other thing is, the city of Pueblo, which looks like a dump for the most part, will not let us build our buildings in the city of Pueblo unless the house is also metal sided. So if the customer has a stucco house. They have to have a stucco out. Okay? You see Matthias shaking his head that's like, it's utterly ridiculous, yeah, Pueblo County or the city of Pueblo. So basically, if someone says, I'm in Pueblo, the first thing you want to know is city or county, because if they're in the city, don't even waste your time. Just tell them, I'm sorry. They won't let us build their unless your house is also building.

Speaker 2  57:10
City or county, okay? So city, no, county, maybe,

Speaker 1  57:15
yeah, county, weekend, county, they're not in the city, yeah. Okay. And quite honestly, it's gotten where Canyon City is the same way, if it's the city of Canyon City there, I would make exceptions, maybe depending who it is and just how what the building is and some stuff like that. But for the most part, I just say no for any building in the city of Kenyon city, some their new lady took over last year and sent or about a year or so ago, and since then, it's been a disaster. She's so controlling, and it's just it's not worth Okay, well, we have to go through, but if the customer wants to get the permit, then we will build the building. Okay? But in Fremont County, while I don't have a license, the permitting has been so easy to do with the customer that I just keep a form handy for the application. And when we're doing the order, we can just fill it out, have him sign it, and if he wants me to file it with the county I can. Or if he wants to go in and pay for himself, if I go and file it, I just charge a flat fee of 750 okay, and that includes me doing the put it, you know, doing the pot, map, the site plan, and filing it with the county. Okay,

Speaker 2  58:37
sounds good. So what I'm picking up here, basically Denver and suburbs is just to know El Paso, no Colorado Springs, no monument midway, yes. Pueblo city, no county, yes. Canyon city, city, maybe, if they do their own permit, county, yes, how about that? And then anything beyond that, I may just have to ping you if I get something complicated,

Speaker 1  58:59
most areas, most areas after that, aside from that, is always a yes, as long as the customer does the permit if they need from and here's the thing, I am kind of if it's not within a couple hour drive of me, I'm to the point where I would almost rather not even approach the permitting part of it. Sure it is in the contract that if they need a permit, they take care of it, yeah, but just say yes, we can do the building. And usually it does come up and they say, well, will I need a permit? And I just tell them all, you'll have to talk to the accountant about that, or whatever. Yeah, I'm not quite sure where to go on that stuff, because I know that all my competition says no, but we provide engineering for you, and that's where I'm at with it. So I know I've lost a lot of sales because I brought up the permitting part of it on one side of it, I don't want to waste anyone's time with going through everything. And then, after talking to them for two weeks, right? They're like, Oh, no, we need a concrete foundation. And then everyone wasted their time, right? On the other hand, you know, I'm not quite sure, so I'll leave that up to you. How far you want to go with that. Okay, Fremont Pueblo, just go with it, as long as they're not in the city, and then I can even broach that and say, hey, you know what? When I'm with them, I say, hey, you know what we can do the permitting for you. It's 1215,

Speaker 2  1:00:31
that makes sense. Whatever. Yeah, okay, that's kind of part of your final closing. Then the

Speaker 1  1:00:37
it is, unless they bring it up, if it's, if it's in an area that we do for sure, do the permit. Now El Paso County, I often bring it up fairly quickly, because most people want my building for the price. If they are close to Colorado spring, by the time they jump through Colorado Springs booth, they're going to be out three to six months, and they're going to have just as much money in the foundation as they do in the building itself. Yeah, I gotcha. Okay, so for 90% of the people commenting on my ads, they're not that. They're not there to spend that kind of money,

Speaker 2  1:01:13
yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Okay, so money wise, and where are you located, just in terms of driving time, so I kind of know what your radius is.

Speaker 1  1:01:25
Um, technically, I am eight miles east of Kansas City. Okay, if you use Penrose, okay, Penrose is where my that's where my listing of say I'm at and stuff. Okay, I'm outside. I'm not in the city. But yeah, okay. And

Speaker 2  1:01:43
you had mentioned that you're willing to drive three or four hours as long as you have a couple, a couple buildings to visit in a day, or what, what was your radius for that? Again,

Speaker 1  1:01:52
if the building, if the building is 20,000 ish, Oh, right. I'll go up to, I'll go up to three mile or three hours.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:02
Three hours helpful. Now,

Speaker 1  1:02:04
if it's more like 30,000 I'll drive you know, it's all about the 16% okay, you know What? What? What's that worth to me? Yes, okay. And obviously, if we can do something where, you know, if you're talking to a few people, and you know, one of them's in San Luis Valley, and then you start talking to another person, but works a lot of times, is say, You know what we have, you know, Mike is scheduled to be there on Tuesday, okay? And I know it short, I know it's short notice. Just kiss that straight up. Say, I know, I know it's short notice, but he would be happy to meet with you, you know, because you're close by, or whatever, something like that. And sometimes they're like, Yeah, you know what? Let's do it, right? Okay? And I'm all about if there's something that you think might turn them off, to not build it, not do the building, for instance, it's short notice. Yeah, hit it head on. Say, Hey, I know short notice. Recognize it. Hit it straight on. That way, you don't come across as pushy. Yeah, and they understand that. No, it's too quick, that they have that door wide open that No, it's too fast for them. They don't want to move that fast. No worries, no pressure, right? No. The same way with the deposit, you're not going to get into this for a lot of for a while, but the deposit, 99% of the times, is non refundable. Yeah, okay, get it hit it head on. I've never had anyone cancel because when I told them that when you come, you know, when it comes out to say, you know, you get a credit with us. If you want to cancel, if we can't build a building, you get your money back. Right? For some reason you cannot legally build the building, you get your money back. However, if you decide to go with someone else, or you decide not to build it's not refundable, and just hit it head on, instead of trying to glitter on the bush and be vague about it. I love it.

Speaker 2  1:04:08
Okay. Well, that's pretty much my style anyway, so I appreciate it. Not much of a sales, sales person, so,

Speaker 1  1:04:17
well, what I talk to people, I don't look at it as sales and numbers, right? I look at it as I have a solution, and you have a problem that I can solve, and if I don't think I have the best solution, then I'll, I'll be honest with you on that, and I'll send you somewhere that I can Okay, that's great. No, that makes one thing that was going to come up fairly quickly is, do you do you offer insulation? Oh, yeah, okay, the answer is, yes, we do. However, it costs about the same as spray foam, and spray foam is a much better product. Okay, so the exception to that is

Speaker 2  1:04:57
you won't do the spray foam, then they'd be on their own. For that, I have

Speaker 1  1:05:01
two or three different people. One of them is BWC construction. Oh, okay, that I use for, use for spray foam. Okay, perfect. I normally just give them a couple options. And I say, You know what? I've had customers that have been had great success with both of these. Okay, you talk to make your decision on it in the same way with concrete. We don't do the concrete. However, if it's within two hours drive from Canyon City, I have two different people that do a great job with concrete. Okay, awesome.

Speaker 2  1:05:34
Do you have a list of those people that I should have access to at some point so I can do that or Okay,

Speaker 1  1:05:40
great. Yeah, I'll send that. I'll try to send that to you. I have another meeting at one so, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:05:45
no, that's fair. I want to let you go. Is there? I think we're done. This has been incredibly helpful, and I'll read through your messages, and then I guess go from there in terms of when we're going to start. How about that? That, right? Matthias,

Matthias Miller  1:05:59
yeah, I think, I think that's fair. I do, Mike, if you just want to let me know when the I'll try to check in on the download. But if you see that, you get an email about the download being done, you can just text me or something so you can grab that.

Speaker 1  1:06:10
But, yeah, one other thing that I thought about that I that I was going to address, as far as the from the pay side of it is, it is fair to assume this happens to everyone. This is no reflection on either of you, too, but it is fair to assume that there's going to come a time where we're going to have a sale that we will have to cancel and refund because of miscommunication. Okay, at that point, I would just assume, I mean, is it fair that you guys refund the 5% as well? Yes, and that is, like I said, that is no reflection on you guys at all. That's just new people. We make miscommunications. It's going to happen. I will do my best to, you know, keep my eye on things. But it's very possible that we'll

Unknown Speaker  1:07:03
have, yeah, I think that's fair.

Speaker 1  1:07:07
And then the other thing is, and this is something for you guys to think about, we could talk about it, you know, let's say I have had people come and say, hey, there was a death in the family, and we're just not, you know, we're going to, we're going to move back to Kentucky. I mean, this actually happened to me. We're going to move we're selling our property. We don't want the building. Well, I can't keep $3,000 of their money when I know they're going through that, so I refund that. Yeah, and at what point in that is it all out of my pocket versus yours, or what you know? And there's some stuff like that's going to come up to where, you know, if you guys want to keep part of it for your labor, I'm not going to, I'm not going to kick and scream about it if it's not your fault. But some of that stuff is going to happen at some point. So that's something to remember. And just, you know,

Matthias Miller  1:07:55
my off the cuff answer is that there's enough values alignment that, in that, in that same kind of thing, I can't imagine there being an issue saying, Hey, we're on the same page with that. If there's some kind of weird situation where I mean the scenarios you describe, anyway, that's the bottom line. Yeah. So yeah, it's good to have these conversations up front, though. I do appreciate that.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:21
Yeah, absolutely okay. Thank you so much for your time. I think

Speaker 1  1:08:25
that's all very helpful. Do we want to? Do we want to set up another meeting, like first of the week or something, and where we can say, Okay, are you good to go? Or do you want more information, or something like that? Or do you want to just message me when you have time we go as you go,

Speaker 2  1:08:43
yeah, possibly, is it? How's your schedule? Would it be easier for you to put something on the books? Or do I have a day to think about and digest, and can I get back to you tomorrow? Just get back with me tomorrow. It's fine. Okay, yeah, let me digest things. I'll get back generally, generally, my Mondays are full. Okay?

Speaker 1  1:09:01
Other than that, it's kind of hit or miss, but usually my Mondays are the busy day.

Speaker 2  1:09:05
Okay, sounds great, awesome. Thank you very much.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:09
Yep, thank you all right, take care. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai