Speaker 1  00:00
Okay, cool. I just downloaded it from otter, and I was just listening through it a little bit. I pulled the transcript, and was just kind of looking so, yeah, we did talk about that. What is your ideal way to do that? If I can make kind of a live sounding recording that sounds okay. Do you want to just use what you did, or do you want me to make you an outline to re record it?

Matthias Miller  00:26
I don't, I don't want to re record it. Yeah, I'm going to do, I mean, let's just record the next webinar and grab a recording of it, and then we've got that do it the next time, and then we got that. So my thought was, I have the I have the outline in a Google Doc, okay, which shows where the slide transitions are, okay, and so I think you'll get pretty close to that, okay, on the Q and A see if the audio is good enough to grab the question and just make fake slides like Q A with a question, and then show that while I'm answering the question,

Speaker 1  01:08
while you're answering the question, okay, what was your man? What did you make your slides in? Are they in Google Slides? Yeah, Google. They're Google Slides. Okay, all right, so I could take that and match the audio, add some slides based on Q and A, and then you would have, okay, yeah, I think that makes a lot of sense.

Unknown Speaker  01:27
Do you have a good tool set to do it?

Speaker 1  01:30
I was looking also on my computer. I have apparently deleted my audio cleaner that I usually use, but I can look it up and re download it. I was going to run it through just an basic audio cleaning, try to remove clicks and background noise and stuff, and see what the quality is, and see if we need anything more extensive than that. So is it? Is it bad? Um, you know what? I didn't think it was bad, but I didn't listen to it with my earphones yet, but it sounds like a live recording. But no, I think it sounds your voice quality is really good. I hadn't listened enough to figure out what else was going on.

Matthias Miller  02:05
But sure, okay, well, that's fine. And I'm not looking for, you know, just to set a standard of standard bar. I think it's probably not even necessarily for marketing purposes. It's for, really, the land Jason, or whatever the whoever the first webinar is going to be good enough that he can get an idea of what it's going to be like. And then so, like, if 100% or 95% is a top notch TV show production worthy thing, it's probably like a 60 to 80% kind of quality target, okay, that makes sense. It

Speaker 1  02:44
does. Yeah, yeah. Let me see what I got to clean up that voice, I guess. And I mean, do you want to listen? I assume you want to listen to it before I start putting any effort into actually

Matthias Miller  02:55
matching it with slides. What stupid question? Why would I want to do that?

Speaker 1  03:01
Well, okay, just fair enough, if you think, if I think it's good enough, then it's good enough. Yes, in the sense that if I spend No, I guess, in the sense that if I match up your voice to slides, and then we have to re record it because you don't like it, then you know that's just a waste of effort.

Matthias Miller  03:16
But it is. It's not a little bit. It is wasted effort. So how many hours do you think it's to put it all together?

Speaker 1  03:24
Well, hopefully not longer than an hour and a half, maybe depending on how much clicking and cutting needs to happen, but maybe not even that long.

Matthias Miller  03:31
I I'm not, and I'm not even opposed to, really, you know, chopping off at the beginning. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  03:39
there's a lot to chop off at the beginning,

Matthias Miller  03:42
but then after that, like, just let it be live. You say it's a live reporting. And if I come back to you and I'm like, some kind of anal retentive about it, then I think it's like, I mean, it seems to me like we can put together, is this 80%

Unknown Speaker  03:56
or not? Yeah, well,

Matthias Miller  03:57
exactly. And if we want it better than this, then we take the video that you've produced and run it through descript and the right place, or something like that, and just cut a bunch of dead space and tighten it up.

Speaker 1  04:10
No, that makes sense. You have descript, right is, I was actually just going to ask you that don't actually know. You don't. Okay, never mind wonder if I still do. They have a free voice cleaner. As I'm just looking through dish other options here, so I'm wondering if I just poke around and see if that's available to use

Matthias Miller  04:30
doing that. I'm trying to think what other tools I would have. I can't think of anything off the top of my head. I guess running into the cleaner seems, seems good. So yes, so what's the what's the risk? The risk is that I'm going to want to actually be like, Oh yeah, that's really cool. I want to start sending this out to people and run traffic to it or something, in which case I'm going to want a better quality. So you are right. It's probably worth it. Is probably worth running a if there's an easy cleaner to tighten it up. But if. And also, if it's, it's at the 80% level,

Speaker 1  05:04
that's fair. And I can just put an introduction slide that says, recorded live, you know, at shed Expo on this date. And the expectation should be that as long as it's, as long as it sounds good enough at 80% you should be fine. It's not a studio recording. So I think it's good. Okay, yep, I can, I can do that for you,

Matthias Miller  05:25
and I can, I can, I can, I don't know, can I promise that it's not going to bounce back. Bounce back with me? Quality,

Speaker 1  05:36
no, okay, it's okay. Oh, let's try it and see if you're comfortable with it sounding like a live recording. It will be good enough, based on what I've heard so far. If I come up across anything that just sounds bad, I'll let you know. But I mean, based on what I've heard, I think it's going to be fine.

Matthias Miller  05:54
So I think, I think that's Yes, and if we set expectations, it's a live recording, we might actually, I think I should adjust my expectations. I think, I think it's not accurate to say I just went for Jason. I think there's a greater than 50% chance that I'm going to want to be able to use this in some capacity as a lead magnet, absolutely, but, but bear in mind that if all goes well, it's going to be replaced in in three to six months.

Speaker 1  06:24
So Well, I would agree with that you could very quickly upgrade to a more studio, recorded webinar if this is something that's really doing well for you and and, yeah, it'll be great. So okay, cool.

Unknown Speaker  06:37
Good.

Unknown Speaker  06:37
Appreciate it. What else? Anything else?

Matthias Miller  06:40
Question expect around when, when, when will will the when it will be back to me to look at, and when will it be ready to send over to Jason?

Speaker 1  06:52
Fair enough with my new time guidelines, I guess I'm trying to prioritize all of the administrative tasks first. And so when do you want it done? You want me to put move that to the top of my list and work on it today, get it back to you

Unknown Speaker  07:08
if there's no glaring administrative Okay?

Speaker 1  07:15
Well, I don't think so. I want to, I want to get an email off to Dorothy. I want to get a couple other little things taken care of, and then I can push those to tomorrow and start working on this. All right,

Matthias Miller  07:25
sounds good. It's fine if you were to cut up an admin and do this tomorrow, if we're not doing DSM anyway, and just focus on

Speaker 1  07:31
that. That is fair. I that's fair. Let me just say I'll work on it today and tomorrow and try to get something to you before my, you know, noon tomorrow, or whatever,

Matthias Miller  07:39
we should be good. I'm cool, quite happy with that. Thank

Speaker 1  07:43
you. Okay. Sounds good, yep, of course, I will talk to you on Monday then, but send me text messages if you need anything, we'll do all right. Sounds good, bye. Yep, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai