Unknown Speaker  00:14
Is Howdy. Howdy.

Speaker 1  00:24
Are we? Do we allow someone on a call with that bright of a shirt? My eyeballs, my eyeballs.

Speaker 2  00:33
Hey, where's my anything close to the orange on your product record before we updated it?

Unknown Speaker  00:40
Okay, okay.

Unknown Speaker  00:45
Definitely

Speaker 1  00:46
it's unfortunate that this is not like somewhere I can throw my own color and then so I can play around with it. Instead of bothering everybody for it.

Speaker 2  00:55
We We could add temporarily added, add fields to silver limb settings, and then you can just tweak it,

Speaker 1  01:04
yeah, right, just for product and for contract, yeah,

Speaker 2  01:08
wait. I'll just add, add a field for your secondary and accent color and just be, why

Speaker 1  01:15
don't we just leave them there? Like, that's actually not a bad idea.

Matthias Miller  01:19
System switch

Speaker 2  01:21
or system switch. Rest of the Chrome that makes sense, customized that makes Yeah, that makes a lot

Unknown Speaker  01:30
of sense every time I come up with the new color

Speaker 2  01:32
scheme, yeah, dude, I thought about it yesterday. When you bugged me, I was like, free me. I keep switching. We might as well just put it in there, and then you can just do it right away. Can we make it

Matthias Miller  01:41
a partial expression so that on April Fools, it turns a different color, and on Christmas, it's red and green.

Speaker 1  01:48
Christmas time, it goes green and red. And, you know, Halloween, it turns like pumpkin orange and

Matthias Miller  01:56
and then in the fall, you have your pumpkin spice latte themed, literally, right here.

Speaker 1  02:03
That's like, we need to do that kind of thing with the background, like tile, whatever of like, you really should put, you should, really should put a image place for, like, just throw something in there. You know,

Speaker 2  02:16
we wish we could. We don't have that. It take a fair bit of sleep plus, plus

Matthias Miller  02:20
word, we can push a system update. Hi guys. We're going to be updating the system to release our fall colors. Man, that's hilarious.

Speaker 3  02:37
Listen, we got to have fun. Like, software products get so boring, like we got to have fun.

Speaker 1  02:44
It's like, It's too bad we can do, like, some sort of animation of, like a pumpkin spice latte floating across the screen every time you logged in, you know, during, I don't know, for Halloween or something, spooky ghosts floating around. I

Matthias Miller  03:00
Wow, just gotta have fun. Gotta have fun. All right, so what's there to show off? Is there anything? I don't know

Speaker 2  03:15
that we have anything big that's changed. I thought each of the guys can just say what we worked on in the last week. I don't know that we have a whole lot to show off. It feels like we're more in the stage of polishing and cleaning up right now than building a lot of new things. So I was, I was mainly working on spec, worked on with Matthias, on assist checks and deposits and checks I think are now ready for Nick to work on when he can get Fine Time, but yeah, and Matthias are gonna book some time to clean up the spec. That's been a royal mess.

Speaker 4  03:55
I've been doing some research for I did some research for the customer portal, different ideas of how to log in and stuff. But I've been working on the payments portal and adding payment methods and storing those, and I was able to find their clearance API documentation, and looks like they do do ACH as well. So we can do everything through them if we want to.

Unknown Speaker  04:26
So then I need to go research their pricing.

Speaker 4  04:31
Yeah, I reached out to them yesterday, because you can't just make an account to be able to, you know, test APIs and stuff, and I got a callback voicemail at 5:30pm yesterday, so I'm going to call them back now. They're, I guess, in California, so I'm going to call them today and see if I can get an account to start testing their API. But their API documentation is really, really good, so that's the good sign. So.

Speaker 5  05:06
Tools. Yeah, so I have basically just thrown up a bunch of fields on the accounting company record. There's not any, like, really, underlying logic besides adding the list names and stuff. But yeah, it's up there, and it isn't currently in card layout, because I'm planning to transform it to that once I take care of the the main accounting catalog, so it will be in catalog. It will be in card layout eventually. Also just got some fields made for the bills catalog, which I also created. Haven't done this up on a detailed screen yet, so you can't see it, but I plan to also just get those fields put up as well.

Unknown Speaker  05:43
Don please remember to round the corners on the header bars.

Unknown Speaker  05:48
I got you, I got you.

Speaker 1  05:49
Rounded corners are like, I gotta quit. This is I could go on for jokes for days by rounding corners. It's just anyway. Sorry, go ahead. Nick,

Unknown Speaker  06:02
I'm in a good mood today.

Speaker 1  06:05
I've had, I had some, I had to drop off of our assist call, and had some great humor in the meantime. So I'm in a jolly mood.

Matthias Miller  06:13
One question, Sean, so I mean, it looks to me like these are in the test system, so I can start filling them in and using them, and good to go, right?

Unknown Speaker  06:23
Yeah. I mean, at your own risk, I guess.

Matthias Miller  06:26
Okay, oh, are you talking about for accounting company? Sorry, the accounting company fields,

Speaker 5  06:31
well, I mean, they have lists attached to them, but that is about it. So logic wise, you're taking a risk,

Speaker 2  06:36
yeah, I don't think we have helper lists on them yet. Got it? I need to help. Yeah, I need help Sean with that. But, I mean, you could, you could do it, just take a little more filtering through,

Matthias Miller  06:49
well, or actually, Okay, never mind.

Speaker 1  06:52
The only question I have is, do you think that will be, you'll have this record done by the 30th for the 31st of October,

Unknown Speaker  07:03
as in card layout, as in, yeah, as in card layout. I mean, if it's priority, we can do that, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  07:10
Because this is, this is, this is a fairly key thing for when we go to Paducah, when I go into Paducah to really talk through how accounting impact configuration works, because it's more it is one of the key things that that's going to be part of conversation.

Speaker 2  07:24
Yeah, so switch this and accounting transactions as well, probably by then, would be ideal or not. Is transactions not as big a deal because those aren't in card layout right now,

Speaker 1  07:39
I do not care whether transactions at this point are in card layout. I mean, what more? So, okay, I don't even necessarily care that the accounting companies in card layout. It's that we are functional there, like whatever, whatever functionality needs to be, to be functional there,

Speaker 2  07:57
with the it is something that's but if I know that's I was just saying, we're not far from that. Okay, so make it emotional.

Matthias Miller  08:07
Seth, could we then standardize the accounting impact reports, and if I can figure, if I can figure the test system with the right financial accounts for all the fields, and then have somebody swap out the hard coding in those and standardize the reports.

Unknown Speaker  08:24
Hard coding we have our accounting

Matthias Miller  08:27
impact reports are user reports with hard coded account names,

Speaker 2  08:30
gotcha. And they should just be looking it up.

Matthias Miller  08:33
You should just be looking it up. So if I fill, if I fill in the accounting company record, then you can just cross reference which field comes from where, and everything should just be the same. Yes, okay,

Unknown Speaker  08:43
Sean will be happy to do that for you. Thank

Unknown Speaker  08:45
you, Sean. Oh yes,

Speaker 2  08:51
yeah, if I know that's priority, we can, we could definitely get that done.

Speaker 4  09:02
Okay, something all else is done. I made some tweaks to the search notes report. I added some fields to the invoice record, auto populated them when you're creating invoices from the product record. And also did a little bit of work with contacts, mostly adding the helper list for customers that includes previous ID wherever customers are referenced. There might still be a couple report places that's not updated, but almost everyone

Matthias Miller  09:37
cool, and I think, I think we are at the point of, Dwayne and I are at the point of shaking a whole bunch of stuff loose for development. So I guess, Seth, one question for you. So, Jonathan, you have merchant processing that's now in your court. You're waiting on us for payment portal. Seth, from your perspective, do you. Have enough. Obviously, cleaning up the spec is going to help solidify some of this stuff, but we also send over a bunch of work your way. How's the workload between you know, over the next week, are we at capacity? Under over?

Speaker 2  10:18
It depends how long spec cleanup takes for me, but I think we're probably getting close to capacity. But to be fair, we also weren't. We weren't running at capacity for the last few weeks, so it's gonna I think that's a little bit to gear back up into that, but I think we have a fair bit to work on, it feels like and I just know there's a lot of work, if I would start digging into contracts and payments and making it all work for more than just monthly and we need to do a lot of work on contract definition as well, because that's all a bit of A hazy which hazy mess, but that'll be partially clarified when we go through spec. I think, Okay, does that sound right?

Matthias Miller  11:07
Yeah. I think partially clarified. And I think, I think we just need to make it a priority. This is one of those things that doesn't happen. We just need to block out time, yeah, to go undo the haze.

Speaker 2  11:20
Yeah. Yeah, because I think monthly stuff is basically working as expected, but we haven't done we pushed hard to get monthly for the demo, and now we need to go through and make everything work for other stuff, right? Just gonna take work.

Speaker 1  11:45
So if off the top of your head, Seth the key pieces, aside from cleanup, polishing, going back and redoing some stuff, what are the what are the key pieces that we've that we've pushed your way? I want to just the reason I'm asking is there's I'm curious what we have shoved your way that that would that I might want for when we go, when we go meet J mag, it'd be, can you? Can you do that? Off the top of your head,

Speaker 2  12:19
the stuff that you've sent my way recently assist checks and deposits, getting those, those, I'm guessing, are not that key, no. So I think that's a lot of, there's some work on invoices that Nick's doing. That's a lot of. I think the bulk of the work that you're going to be wanting is contract definitions cleaned up. And I don't how much do you need contract stuff for non monthly to work?

Speaker 1  12:47
No, the one, the one I'm chasing after is, can we have the fielding for auto pay?

Unknown Speaker  12:56
Yes, because that would be fun to

Speaker 1  12:59
talk about. Yeah, yeah, because that is that is so far and above extensive from from stuff that people are coming from.

Unknown Speaker  13:05
It's kind of cool, yeah, yeah, especially.

Speaker 1  13:09
But when I started to talk to Leanne yesterday about the ability to stack it, and because it's an RG, be able to to be able to stack definitions for it, plus having the report so you can see exactly what you did that is insanely cool. Like, yeah, yeah. I kind of want to crow about that, if possible. If not, then, then I'm just gonna, we're gonna hypothetically talk about it, or talk about it from a hypothetical.

Speaker 2  13:35
I mean, I don't think the work for auto pay is that insanely big, at least getting the fielding in place part of it. I just need to know what you want for that demo, and then we can probably get it. We should be able to get

Speaker 1  13:50
it done. The only two things off the top of my head that I really, really want, would like to have for that is that the accounting company, accounting impact configuration stuff is working, because that's that is pretty important. And that is that is priority number one, from, from, from letting them see that, secondarily to that would probably be auto pay that, as long as you know, as long as we could have the feeling for it, and we can run a report that that shows what happens. It doesn't have to work. From a from a functionality standpoint, you know, but at least if you you know if we can, if the fielding is there, you can see how the fielding is set up, plus you could run a report of what would happen into the future on payments. It appears to be working at that point then. And like I said, that is secondary to accounting impact, yeah,

Speaker 2  14:45
so we'll get come like all the accounting impact stuff in place, and which includes standardizing Matthias reports,

Unknown Speaker  14:55
yeah? And then work on auto pay, yeah? Yep, nice. Anything else,

Unknown Speaker  15:11
oh, in my fancy field so I can play

Matthias Miller  15:15
around with colors. The real important stuff, yeah,

Speaker 1  15:20
it's, it's fielding accounting impact.

Unknown Speaker  15:27
I mean,

Unknown Speaker  15:30
that's a fast change. We can push that through today if you want.

Speaker 1  15:35
We're working on the paint job while you guys are actually building the engine.

Speaker 2  15:41
About right? Okay, well, we'll drop once there anything else you want?

Matthias Miller  15:51
Good, hey, thank you guys. See you. Yep, see you soon. Okie dokie man,

Speaker 1  16:03
oh, dude, I gotta tell you a hilarious story during our mark and drew call Robert from a from Newhouse messaged me and said, Hey, any chance I can get on and do a screen share with you? I want to look at our Instagram account. I'm getting some reports from people that there's some content that we may not be happy from a brand standpoint. And so I got on, I dropped off and jumped on with him and did a screen share of their Instagram account. And I mean, I was just cracking up. Obviously, whoever they're, whoever's doing the content, whoever's in charge of doing the content, has changed in in, you know, a couple months ago, because you could see, almost like a complete line shift of the content. And it's like, it's this very it's, it's leaned way more feminine from Not, not from a political viewpoint, but from a just from it has a much more feminine feel, much more younger feel. The best one by far is this fairly, fairly unattractive woman inside of a shed with the Taylor Swift song. There's nothing in my brain playing in the back. Died, laughs. Laughing. I could not help it

Unknown Speaker  17:27
hilarious.

Speaker 1  17:32
It was so funny. And Robert's like, stop

Unknown Speaker  17:36
making fun of me. I'm sorry. I can't help it

Matthias Miller  17:40
hilarious. That is hilarious. Are

Unknown Speaker  17:44
you looking up there Instagram? So it's,

Unknown Speaker  17:51
it's about, I don't know. It's a few rows down.

Matthias Miller  18:08
You can't see when it changed.

Speaker 1  18:17
It is, it's the one on September 11. Video POSTED ON SEPTEMBER 11. It's got this woman with a purple bucket hat on and like purple overalls. Oh, this.

Matthias Miller  18:42
Hilarious. It reminds me we have neighbors

Unknown Speaker  18:45
shaking his head. I was just hilarious.

Matthias Miller  18:50
That is hilarious. Wow, that is awesome. That's hilarious. Yeah, you could there's there she is again on August, August 19, do what she's down on August 18

Speaker 1  19:03
as well, I know, but it's like you could see a definite shift in the content take place if you scroll down far enough. It's like that their content was, what's much more you know what they normally do, and then suddenly it just kind of takes this turn and shift. And the one, the one that got, I guess that flagged a bunch of me was the very One of the very first, oh, second one. Now, I think the second post from the at the very, very top is this ASMR clip. And they're like this just does not match up with our brand. It's this, this girl sitting with the cups over top of a pillow that says home. I think it's the second one from the at the very, very

Unknown Speaker  19:43
very top way, like

Speaker 1  19:48
the finger is, I mean obnoxious,

Unknown Speaker  19:52
just

Unknown Speaker  19:54
no peel rap,

Matthias Miller  19:55
that is not. That's not. It's not what you're trying to communicate. From a brainstorm, hilarious man,

Unknown Speaker  20:08
I died laughing.

Matthias Miller  20:11
Oh, that's great. I should go give him a hard time. All right, so

Matthias Miller  20:25
uh, Seth and I have time blocked out tomorrow to go dig in, organize the spec, so we have, okay, this is still the sales taxes in your court. Merchant processing is you have some stuff you want to do, auto pay. It's waiting on that for a mock up that takes us down to payment. Customer Portal is really the big thing in the database connector for RTO Pro, I feel like I don't know how you feel about it. I feel like, could you? Could you? Do you? Do you have an easy way to get me RTO profiles that we could, that I could just look at that at some, sometime independently, and start throwing some stuff together. Or no,

Unknown Speaker  21:15
when you say files, what do you mean? Oh, you

Matthias Miller  21:18
mean, like, where the database file? Yeah, the dat file. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  21:22
yeah, that Do you have something to read it with?

Matthias Miller  21:28
What format is it awesome? Man, I appreciate it. Yeah, you too.

Speaker 1  21:35
I mean, it's, I don't know what format it is. You're asking questions.

Matthias Miller  21:39
I thought you had said that. So I thought there was something. It's

Unknown Speaker  21:44
a Firebird database is.

Unknown Speaker  21:52
But okay, okay,

Speaker 1  21:54
here's the only thing I'm going to say about this, that I think that I want to be I'm a little bit nervous about how much time we want to invest in a database connector, because with RTO pro being bought out, I don't know what they're going to do, and I suspect the first time they find out that the database is wide open, that somebody's liable to go and lock the thing, and then we're just, we're toast.

Matthias Miller  22:19
Like, do we okay,

Speaker 1  22:20
but do we? Do we work at, like, the other side of this is okay? Do we work at building good SQL strings to pull, to suck data out, and good imports? And yes, it's not nearly as fast.

Matthias Miller  22:31
Well, okay, but okay, here's, here's, here's my, my thought, let's see. I I'm what is my thought? Sorry, my brain is not thoughting Right now, very likely with Firebird. Okay, so RTO pro gives you wide open SQL access

Speaker 1  23:01
RTO Pro. Okay, two things. There is a default password in RTO Pro to the database, and if you don't change it, it's this, like,

Unknown Speaker  23:12
it's just, it's defaulted, yep,

Speaker 1  23:15
if you and I know where to get to them. So it's like, as long as somebody has access to their security settings, they should be able to know whether they've changed the data. To know whether they've changed the database password or not, yeah. And so if not, then literally, you can write a database connector to it, and you can have 100% access to the database. There is a SQL generator inside the software that is clunky as can be, which allows you to write SQL subsets or whatever expressions and acquire, you know, data from it, if you're you know, obviously, most of us aren't fluent in SQL language. So my, my, I don't yesterday, Leanne and I had this long had a bit of a conversation about, okay with RTO pro being sold, what are the chances that we go spend time and money to go build a database connector and then find out we became useless?

Matthias Miller  24:11
Do you think, okay, but the the SQL will let you run the SQL and download it in some file Form? Okay? So I think so here's what I would do if I were if I were you, I don't know if you can keep your mouth shut, but if you can, I don't think it's actually I suspect it's not okay. You need to decide whether you know. I think it's I don't think it's actually that much time to go build out the connector. I think basically all we're doing is we're writing a Python script that connects to the database, extracts the data and pushes it out as an import file. And in fact, if you want to. To you could probably do it right here, and you could do it on your own dime and not have to worry about bringing us into it. What do you mean? I have an RTO Pro or go get Addison to help you out. I have an RTO pro database. I'm sorry. I have a a Firebird database, and I want a Python script that gets all the tables and exports them all as a CSV with the table name, dot, CSV file format and with the column name, column names in the header, and I am fine hard coding username and password and and file path in the script and

Matthias Miller  25:55
then. And so the step one would just be, get this stuff.

Speaker 1  26:07
I'm not Matthias. I'm not afraid. I mean, I would prefer to have like I think best case scenario is to have we go build something and pipe the data in accordingly, and transmogrify it to where it belongs. I

Matthias Miller  26:20
don't think it's that expensive. Okay, I think, I think, I just don't think it's that expensive. That is the bottom line, either way. So here's, here's the proposed design, I think, literally this, this is pretty close to the, I mean, I can't tell you for sure, but this is probably pretty close to the script that you need. And then all that we do is we have have a bunch of web services like x 30s, and we just push it into the x 30. The way we like to handle third party data integrations is we'll create a whole bunch of database levels that are an exact one for one match to RTO Pro and then, and then we just literally mirror the whole thing in there. And then we can do whatever we want to with it. And we can then give you reports. You can start running reports on RTO Pro,

Speaker 1  27:07
stuff if you want, within silver loom. The beauty if, if we, if we did this, the beauty of this is that we could run, we could continue to transact data in RTO Pro and nightly

Matthias Miller  27:18
seek it out. Yes, exactly. And so real and have real time data. I think you're so as long as here's where the big investment is, we're going to have to write, we're going to have to write x 30s here, here's what I almost want to do. We could actually really cut scope with this if we wanted to.

Speaker 1  27:43
All right, I'm gonna, I'm gonna download this zip file. I'm gonna just get you a backup file.

Matthias Miller  27:50
I think what we do,

Matthias Miller  27:57
we could literally have this whole thing coded between me and Sean or Nick in it's not quite a day, but it's pretty close, and most of that is actually Shawn, not expensive dev time. I

Matthias Miller  28:27
have been recent,

Matthias Miller  28:35
and I think part of the trick for you is just really, just Shut, shut your trap and just say that, like, don't say, tell people very specifically, do not, do not disclose that we're doing this if you need a nightly sink for them. And otherwise, just say, I would just keep the implementation and the migration very, very opaque. And I would just say, Look, we just need access to your we need access to RTO pro in order to do the migration and and it's not, there's no defensible mode around it, but just use silence and stealth is to your advantage,

Unknown Speaker  29:27
sure.

Speaker 1  29:30
All right, how am I going to get this thing is 73 megabytes, so I probably should put this, share it to you,

Matthias Miller  29:35
Google Drive and send me link. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  29:57
right, let's take a minute. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 1  30:04
I really just wanted to get your feeling on this. I still think we should go, we should go forward with this and figure out how to talk to the database into a nightly low, into a nightly sync. Because it just, if you, if you, if you start getting real time data happening, and we it just helps us model things so much better.

Matthias Miller  30:25
I would, I would agree. So here's, here's, here's my opinion. I think there's a methodology where we can very simplistically, we can literally have, what I would do is we would, I would literally name the fields in silver loom to model like it would probably the fields in silver loom probably would be named in some way where It's like, I don't know what you what's in something like that. I don't know what the right right name is, and it's a direct one to one correlation, which means that the x 30s to build the x 30, it's literally going to just be imported into the field name like, and so, expertise, anyway. Like, yeah, I got you quick and dirty, so, but I don't, I don't feel like. I feel like, again, I'm optimistic. I think I I personally think we should just do it. I think we should start getting your data in there. I think if you having your data in there, we just tickle your you silly. Well, I

Speaker 1  31:43
probably what I need to do. I think one of the, one of the, I think it would be interesting, is to go and say, Okay, so let's go see if we can figure out, from their little custom SQL thing with jigger, can we get every

Matthias Miller  31:55
table? Yes, we, I can. I can't with your like, we don't have to, again, that's what I'm trying to say. We don't have to figure this out now. Like, figure this out now, like, okay, we can there, unless they're doing something really intelligent there to lock that down, I You should be able to the the python script. We can actually list out what the tables are, all the tables, and export them all.

Speaker 1  32:20
I'm sharing the file, the zip file, to you. Okay, you have this. This was the, this was the backup database. This was a database backup from yesterday.

Matthias Miller  32:32
Okay, so I, my vote is unless, unless you really feel strongly like inappropriate file type or format, or is it A zipper? Is a tar gz?

Unknown Speaker  32:57
It's a zip file.

Matthias Miller  33:06
No, it's a it's it's, wait, is it? It is okay, let's do this. I

Unknown Speaker  33:15
need to share it to you different

Matthias Miller  33:20
way. No, I wonder if,

Matthias Miller  33:26
do you want to run it out of a zip file, or do you want to run it in some other capacity? What do you mean? You'll be using the the actual database file when it literally comes to,

Speaker 1  33:40
yeah, I mean, I would, I would expect you would unzip the file so that you have the whole thing.

Matthias Miller  33:51
Let me move it here, and let's do i

Matthias Miller  34:04
Okay, I have the files. I propose. I'll chase it and let you know.

Speaker 1  34:09
And so what like if you need, if you need something else?

Matthias Miller  34:13
Oh, I need the I do need the standard user and password, username and I need to use name and password.

Speaker 1  34:23
To the database or to to just a login database. Oh, goodness, you're going to ask me to do that. Let's go see if I can. Go away. Go away. What did I give you? I did. What does it say in the file name? What? Who is this company? Does it say in the file name? All right, where did I grab you from? I don't even know where I grabbed you from.

Unknown Speaker  34:54
That's embarrassing.

Matthias Miller  34:58
It's embarrassing.

Unknown Speaker  35:04
Wait does have a store number in it? Store four, okay, store four is

Speaker 1  35:19
more space. Why did I do that one? Oh, whatever. That's small. More space. Okay, fine, let me go into that one.

Unknown Speaker  35:54
Inflicted

Speaker 1  36:20
I don't know. I don't know what you give you. I'm going to give you two different ones, and hopefully I'm giving you the right thing. I don't know if there's a username to it.

Matthias Miller  36:50
There needs to be.

Unknown Speaker  36:52
It's probably

Unknown Speaker  37:09
let me get back to let me text PD and where to find this. I love it, not that one. I

Unknown Speaker  37:58
All right, I'll let you know. There

Unknown Speaker  38:07
Seth already coded to shine new color toys.

Unknown Speaker  38:10
Wow, that's awesome.

Unknown Speaker  38:18
He's having fun. I'm having fun,

Matthias Miller  38:22
dude, it's good to be we are having a boatload of fun. Do you know? Do you ever stop and think about how amazing is it to imagine telling your younger self you're going to be working with world class developers building a product like this,

Unknown Speaker  38:39
spending hundreds of 1000s of dollars.

Matthias Miller  38:43
Yeah, exactly. Let's leave that part out. He might freak, but

Unknown Speaker  38:48
yeah, former me would definitely freak, because,

Unknown Speaker  38:52
for me, didn't understand hundreds of 1000s of dollars. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  38:59
that's why he's that's why he's former me. All right, we're 40 minutes in already. So let's do something. Let's do something

Matthias Miller  39:10
well. So the next thing, the other big thing that's got my stomach in knots is, so is the customer portal. In my mind, this is the big thing that ends up having a fairly long ripple effect. Easy, if we're looking for easy things to delegate, this is easy to delegate some of this stuff. We probably some of this stuff's probably, but because of the ripple effect of this, I would, I don't know, I'm just saying that's what's

Speaker 3  39:49
do they have online payments with him? Do they have, do they have any kind of images of what this looks like? Oh, okay, well, that's ugly.

Unknown Speaker  40:04
Here, just for kicks and giggles,

Matthias Miller  40:07
here were you sending it

Unknown Speaker  40:13
signal?

Speaker 1  40:16
Click on that and scroll down to you just down a little bit. Go back up, right there, those images. You can scroll through the images of what their what their customer photo looks like.

Matthias Miller  40:36
Okay, hang on. Slow down, dude. Okay, so we have the contrast. Stop it. Okay, here, let's do this. Open image, a new tab, stinker row. Okay,

Matthias Miller  40:56
let's just do slide one, slide two, slide three, slide four, slide, 56789,

Matthias Miller  41:14
10. Okay, so we have here password. Okay, fine. Easy payment info. You have an account number and name that's drop dead simple. You have description, contract due, date, normal payment due now. Slash amount to pay, and then the additional payments. On top of that, you put in as a number, and then you check whether to pay it. What is the deposit payment? Paying into your deposit?

Unknown Speaker  41:58
I guess probably okay.

Matthias Miller  42:01
So then Transaction Date, then you say, we accept the following a total amount to pay, and you pay with credit card or pay by E check, then you have your payment history, which is just pay date, due date, next due payment. Dwf, other suspects, other which is just agreement detail, contact us and customer info. You can change your own address if you need to. This is where it's really useful. Having activity history. Can you imagine having a customer who says, I don't live anywhere in the world? Pump town, USA? Oh, that's weird. Why can't we get a hold of them, right? Oh, did you know? Sorry, sorry. One other thing, did you know that shed sweet leaked about 40,000 customer names and addresses across their customer list from like 2021 to 2022.

Unknown Speaker  43:14
Leaked how

Matthias Miller  43:15
they published a dashboard of RTO sales versus cash sales and the data stories had all of the customer addresses in it.

Unknown Speaker  43:28
Oh no, Mommy, please no. Jason Graber

Matthias Miller  43:36
and because I can't help myself, uh,

Unknown Speaker  43:47
here they are. Oh, you downloaded it,

Unknown Speaker  43:52
not that one, this guy.

Speaker 1  43:59
You really are a naughty boy. Ouch, that's not, that's not, that's not good. Wait, there's a salt. I saw a Salisbury, North Carolina, go back and do Control F. Do Control F in Salisbury, Ridge Road, Greenville, no, no. West horror Street.

Matthias Miller  44:20
There's a bunch in Salisbury, Longview, timber, spring, Stafford Road, edgedale, Maxwell Street, Leonard, Harley, Lauren lane,

Unknown Speaker  44:34
Julian Park. Customer Name, though, does it No but, but

Matthias Miller  44:40
this is good enough to build a consumer data, consumer data model off

Speaker 3  44:43
of and start marketing like so, no,

Matthias Miller  44:47
not just marketing, but also build a scoring model off of it, and then start scoring your leads as they come in based on your consumer data

Unknown Speaker  44:53
model. How many, how many, how many rows do you have? I think, I think it

Matthias Miller  44:57
was I forget the I forget here. Let. Let me go check

Speaker 1  45:01
so, like, when you saw this, you literally went and sucked the data. I

Matthias Miller  45:05
was like, I'll bet you this data. I wonder if this data is the underlying data. I somewhere I saw an address or something. I was like, I'll bet you the underlying data is completely available and

Unknown Speaker  45:15
can never do that.

Matthias Miller  45:18
Well, just please don't publish Looker stuff with direct, I mean, has nothing to do with the software. It's Jason or somebody. Had somebody on his team export it and build it, and was like, Oh, this is cool. We should show it like in the future. This is the only one they actually publish the actual Looker thing. Okay, so I have 42,000 records, which is plenty, plenty to create a consumer data model. If I had money to spend, you have 42,000

Unknown Speaker  45:53
unique addresses. Yeah, that might be his entire that might have been the entire database.

Matthias Miller  46:00
No, this is not, these are not shit companies. These are, these are sales from all his companies in that year. Yes, yeah, it's, I'm confident it is all sales from all his customers.

Unknown Speaker  46:13
Please tell me. Somebody told

Matthias Miller  46:14
him I have not yet I haven't had the heart

Unknown Speaker  46:21
to Jason Graber, my dude.

Matthias Miller  46:30
So this is what this I mean is,

Speaker 1  46:33
oh, by the way, we should, we should probably never teach people how to do what Josh taught me how to do, which is to suck data out of the software into Excel sheets or into into Google Sheets. People might do that and accidentally leak their own data. I guess if they accidentally leak their own data, that's their problem.

Matthias Miller  46:50
Well, I would just, I mean, maybe you could. Again, this depends on how anal you want to be about this stuff, but you could disable web services for most of them, and if they were, I don't know, like, some of this stuff is your fault if you're doing it, like you take it out of the software that's beyond our control. So what kind of can't blame us for, liability for

Unknown Speaker  47:16
that? That's true. That's true.

Matthias Miller  47:19
Human stupidity continues to be the greatest security and privacy

Speaker 1  47:23
legal to be the EULA when you first log into the software, human stupidity is beyond our control. We cannot be held liable for such actions as leaking your own data.

Matthias Miller  47:37
Do you know of anybody who would pay money for a consumer data model and a scoring model that scores the quality of their leads based on historical sales across the entire US or across their geographic region. Literally, know who to chase you not to chase. Yeah, but

Speaker 1  47:54
right now, all you have is an address. You don't have anything about that address.

Matthias Miller  47:57
No, you. So what you do? I mean, that's, that's, I don't want to spend money for it, but you, you do, you do a customer, I mean, you do appends with consumer databases and get stuff like,

Speaker 1  48:07
but it was only, it was only addressing. He didn't leak emails or phone numbers.

Matthias Miller  48:11
No, you don't need that. Yeah, you, yeah, yeah, no, that's, I mean, I agree, but still, I can go knocking on everybody, just everybody's door. I'm gonna guess it's the shed yard out here and go, it's either the shed yard or Colorado shed back from before they switched. I don't know which one it would have been. Go knock on their door and say, Hey, how was your

Unknown Speaker  48:36
purchase from the shed yard? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  48:40
exactly. How did you know? Okay, so do you is the customer portal where you want to dive in, or is there something else here that you want to pick off? I

Unknown Speaker  48:48
mean, I think

Speaker 1  48:56
I guess what? What? Where I'm struggling to wrap my head around the customer portal is the following. Well, no, what do you like? What scares you? What? What do you feel like? We need to like nail down in that regard.

Matthias Miller  49:13
Okay, what scares me the most is

Speaker 1  49:20
you should do fears colon and then bullet point your fears. So I can, so we can, so we can, we can. We can talk through these.

Matthias Miller  49:30
Well, the biggest fear is, I don't know if it's a fear or

Matthias Miller  49:43
it is okay so fears is not a clear enough picture of scope and getting the overall layout wrong. Fears is not spending enough time with UX i. And fears with

Matthias Miller  50:07
it's just this nagging feeling of, I don't know what we don't know. And so in some ways, it would be useful to me to have in the perfect ideal world, we know Customer Portal is not going to be this. It's not going to be a way.

Speaker 1  50:23
Why is the why is our current payment portal down? Jonathan must have it down. For some reason. I was going to look at it because I wanted to. There's a lot

Unknown Speaker  50:34
that we already have, I feel like, from a from a UX standpoint, but we

Matthias Miller  50:41
keep in mind that this entire thing is going to be living in the

Unknown Speaker  50:48
take a payment. I

Matthias Miller  51:03
just only that whiskey, that silverling.io let's see if the other and

Matthias Miller  51:49
don't know that it's Jonathan. Josh, nicely. Josh,

Matthias Miller  52:04
let me try something.

Matthias Miller  52:17
Give it a minute, and when I say Minute, I literally mean 60 seconds.

Speaker 6  52:42
There we go. All right, what failed? I don't know. I don't know what went wrong, but

Speaker 1  52:54
So here's, here's the thing. Matthias, like, Okay, go to Theresa. Beck Hinkle, let's use let's use her.

Speaker 1  53:06
Like, that's not a bad looking like, if I logged into that as my account, that's not bad. Like, instead of view customer up there in the top right hand corner, you could, you could edit your customer information. The the periods are, like, you're not going to be able to I mean, there's some things here that we need to figure out on, on this yet, from a from a usability standpoint, from the admin side on, on periods, but pretty much it's a the period is what it is. You can check a box to pay it. You

Speaker 1  53:46
and that totals up at the bottom. And then you put in your credit card information, or your or you it brings in already stored information that you already have there. Well, I mean this, this portal looks like it's good. Look. It looks good.

Matthias Miller  54:01
Okay, so you would so then you would just have check boxes, yeah,

Speaker 1  54:10
and it just like you either pay the period or you don't.

Matthias Miller  54:17
That's weird.

Speaker 1  54:23
Yeah, we need to. We needed to work on this a little bit. There's some abnormalities on the on how the periods work. But,

Speaker 1  54:36
I mean, you have your contract amount, you have your how much the contract has been paid of your contract balance. You've got early cash payoff there. You should be able to, like, the early cash payoff should be an amount that you can select and say, I'm doing that today, and it does all the magic.

Matthias Miller  54:59
Yeah. Know, no, never mind. This is the wrong way. Never mind this is delete, delete, delete. For everyone, I'm confused because these are backwards.

Speaker 1  55:32
And at some point the the history thing on the right hand side needs to become a real history, not just a report of the payment record.

Matthias Miller  55:42
Right? Like that will have to be custom designed,

Speaker 1  55:47
sure, but I mean this, this, this functionality and look is there's nothing wrong with it.

Matthias Miller  56:00
I would argue that customer details editing, customer details should pop open into new screen. Well, I guess it wouldn't have to. You could hit edit and have the fields and hit save, and it stays on the page. That's not unreasonable.

Unknown Speaker  56:16
Say that again,

Matthias Miller  56:21
you could have, you could have an edit button here, yeah, and then turns into a list, box and a save. Obviously, they can't edit their name, but for each of these, they can hit edit, yeah. Okay, so let's start.

Speaker 1  56:35
I mean, we want to, we want to, want to bring some of the, I'm not sure how to show them documentation. I do think some of the documentation stuff that we store, you should have some sort of checkbox that puts it up on the customer portal, like I would like to have a way for them to be able to view their contract.

Matthias Miller  56:52
Okay, so adjustments to payment portal, add pencil icon, pen icon. To Edit Address, add pencil, pencil.

Unknown Speaker  57:12
Add pens I can't type, wow, to edit phone

Matthias Miller  57:22
show text boxes for each with a save button. This can be allowed in the Yeah. Well, that's fine. And then we have

Matthias Miller  57:42
custom customer. Okay, these would be contract documents, right? See, okay. But here's the thing, though, though it's like, do you really want to throw everything on the same page? Like, don't you want to necessarily? Okay, so then

Speaker 1  57:59
I think we could have a documentations page. You could have like, and okay, for that matter, you could have, you know, my info page. You could have, you know, pay contracts like you could have a you could break some of these up into pages.

Matthias Miller  58:13
Why don't we have forgiveness on here?

Unknown Speaker  58:16
That's another thing that we don't have on there, too. Yes, you

Speaker 1  58:32
and honestly, the other thing I would, I would kind of like to do, and maybe we would do this for the for the for the regular admin portal too. But it's like, maybe we make a checkout instead of a, you know, put the customer, put the information in a hit process, payment for definitely, for the customer portal, we should have a checkout type process,

Matthias Miller  58:56
like a step by step,

Speaker 1  58:58
yeah. Like, here's the information, okay, ready to check out, hit the checkout, and then it's like, okay, you're paying such a certain amount of dollars you want to here's, you know, use card on file if you have one on file, put one on file that like those kinds of things. And you should be able to set up your auto pay from here. We do want customers to be able to set up auto pay for themselves.

Matthias Miller  59:21
So here's, here's, here's, then where I'm going with this. This is all functionality that we want, but this is where having somebody like Justin Reese in the mix to say, Can you help us? Like, I mean, again, it's a UX thing. Like to download contract files must be checked either certain types or must be must have a customer allow. Customer download?

Speaker 1  1:00:02
Yeah, I would, I would probably vote for the allow customer download thing, rather than by types, because then inadvertently, someone may put a type of a documentation. And that's not that they did not expect

Matthias Miller  1:00:11
this customer is a jerk, yeah?

Matthias Miller  1:00:19
All right. Right history.

Speaker 1  1:00:41
Good point, good point and and not just for payments that they've made online, but like every, like a receipt, the receipt,

Matthias Miller  1:00:49
right? Yeah, like for auto pay, I mean, any auto pay or whatever, like, all that stuff, man. Okay, but so then what would be useful, useful prep for Justin

Speaker 1  1:01:02
is uh, I do want one of the things on here that I'm not sure what the method is going to be, but a contact customer support, something or other. I don't think it's a chat. Maybe it's just a contact us, like, maybe it's some sort of form that generates an email, um, to customer support, you know, some method that they can reach out. And what would be really stinking cool is if they, if a customer says contact customer support, it gives the customer service rep a URL to their their an admin URL to their page, to the customer's page. And that's a big one. I we've got to be able to go see exactly what the customer is seeing, so that you can have an intelligent conversation with the customer.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:48
Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:01:50
okay, so then, but then if they send you a link, okay, like you're just looking for the link of the page they're on. Or are you saying, if they put in some values and they're saying, why? What does it look like this that you want

Speaker 1  1:02:12
to the link, I think, is not necessarily like I was looking for a fast way to navigate to what the customer was looking at, not necessarily the values that they'd input or something like that. I'm just saying to get there to be like, Oh yeah, I see, you know, yeah. Oh, Miss Hinkle. You see in the top right hand corner, right, like, right, there is the where you change your customer, like, right. There's the button. Like, just go, click it.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:38
It's that kind of a thing.

Speaker 1  1:02:41
Like, what? A little window over here, unless you're gonna stop sharing, I can't see what you're sending.

Matthias Miller  1:02:47
Oh, here I'll stop sharing. From Alice, about my question to Jonathan,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:56
forgiveness is freedom. What about Jonathan? I asked

Matthias Miller  1:02:58
Jonathan about handling forgiveness in the in the payment

Unknown Speaker  1:03:05
portal, Handling forgiveness.

Speaker 1  1:03:18
The other the other thing is that branding for this page. I think we should have some sort of and maybe it's on the RTO company, but I think I wonder about giving some sort of configurability around coloring and branding on

Unknown Speaker  1:03:37
the page, yes,

Speaker 1  1:03:40
on the on the RTO contract, RTO, the contact record for RTO company, like, allow them to change, like, the header colors, and obviously we're going to, we're going to bring in the logo from the company that the customers are part of, and bring in customer or RTO company details From that record, but filter, bringing a lot of that stuff in. But then also on the RTO Company record, to say, hey, you can change out the headers to what to this color, and you can, you know, so that you can make it feel like it's the company's page.

Matthias Miller  1:04:13
Yeah, I agree. I like it, by the way. Is this, are we going to allow sub domain hosting, like you can do something like Pay dot, you know, cricket bally.com

Speaker 1  1:04:26
I think we should. It's either that or

Speaker 3  1:04:30
we it's not hard to do some type of iframe. No, I think,

Matthias Miller  1:04:37
I don't think it's well, then we need to somewhere on the RTO company.

Matthias Miller  1:04:48
Well, no, this would be in the configuration, I think whiskey configuration. We would have a map from C name to. A database instance, plus RTO company, whenever we set it up. I mean, it's just a setup issue. I think I'm assuming Josh isn't

Unknown Speaker  1:05:18
What's blowing us up about

Speaker 1  1:05:33
so it's two different so you can set the colors for both dark and light mode. Okay, cool. There you go. I love it.

Matthias Miller  1:05:47
Okay, this is good clarity, right here, excellent clarity. I love it. So I um, what else you want them to what else you want them to be able to

Speaker 1  1:06:13
do in the future. This is totally future. I think that repo buildings. We should come up with a way to have a tab on the customer portal that says, buy a repo building, and then it like any building that's in the system with pictures and so on and so forth. It's like, literally, you could click a page and it would be, there would be all repo buildings, and customer would be

Unknown Speaker  1:06:38
like, Oh, look at that. I could buy a repo building and set up another RTO contract.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:45
Yeah, yeah. I mean totally future, totally future. But

Matthias Miller  1:06:51
you could also pull up inventory buildings if they sell inventory.

Speaker 1  1:06:56
But I do think that. And again, this is totally future, but I think it'd be really, really cool to have. I don't

Unknown Speaker  1:07:11
know, I don't know this

Speaker 1  1:07:12
is one of these things. I just think it'd be cool, but it's not actually cool because it would, it wouldn't really work for for because most you're always working through dealerships to sell stuff, and they're already going to be listing these buildings. I was going to say, buildings, I was going to say, to have, like, sort of a in RTO company central place that you could actually go and online market your own buildings.

Matthias Miller  1:07:31
Dude, there's a company I tell you about, the company in Georgia that only says sells retrievals. I believe it. I mean, I'm just like, I don't want to get into the business. But in terms of a business that I think it just looks, it sounds to me like an interesting business to build and scale,

Speaker 1  1:07:53
like there needs to be an ex a documentation page, an explanation page, like info page on on the customer portal, that needs to be tied out to probably wiki documents or somewhere. But you literally can go and update documentation and put it up on on the customer portal. And you can explain how our to works. You can explain, you know, have nice little explanations.

Speaker 1  1:08:26
Oh, and here's a fun one that we're going to have to figure out, because right now we do this to the website, and I think it'd be stinking cool if we could just support this for our dear Amish and Mennonite customers, a way to say that you cannot make a payment on a Sunday, like, literally, if you go to cricket Valley, rent a shed calm on a Sunday and you try to make a payment, you have to go through an authorization screen on a that says, we do to our whatever. Something, something, something

Matthias Miller  1:09:04
that's just hilarious, due to our what, due to our

Speaker 1  1:09:07
something about due to beliefs, or something or other, that that we do, we ask that you not make a payment on a Sunday.

Matthias Miller  1:09:13
I mean, it's kind of like these guys.

Speaker 1  1:09:19
Yeah, exactly. It's like whenever, whenever B and H is having Ramadan, not Ramadan, wrong.

Matthias Miller  1:09:27
It's the wrong religion, right there, dude,

Speaker 1  1:09:29
I'm so sorry. B and H, I did not miss, miss religion. You on purpose, I promise.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:38
Yeah, something like that. I mean, that'd be kind of cool.

Speaker 1  1:09:41
And it has to be like, it has to be totally configurable from the RTO company. It's like, most people aren't going to turn it on, but you can turn it on. I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:09:49
presumably you just want to configure day week. It's like, I mean, should typically be Saturday or Sunday, but I could, you know, it's predominantly Sunday, but there's no reason why not to configure it.

Speaker 1  1:10:00
It would be that you do not support taking payments in the message you would like to communicate.

Matthias Miller  1:10:06
And would you say then that if your payment okay, but then how much handling Do you want to have? Like if this results in a late fee, or please note that we will extend your that we will extend your grace period and will not incur a late fee.

Speaker 1  1:10:23
No, I think, I think what it is is you get, you have a checkbox that says hard stop or soft stop. I don't know if that's the right wording you want to use, but I'm saying where you can, you can give them a message that says, we prefer that you don't make payments on a Sunday because due to our religious beliefs, but also allow them to go and do it and or you can hard say, No, you cannot, and we won't let you. And if you, if you go to make a payment, and you incur, if you went to make a payment on a Sunday and you went to a lid, yes, you, I guess you could whatever, as a company you want to say, in that regard, I don't think we should handle it from a from a software standpoint, that's a total customer service handling

Unknown Speaker  1:11:13
then do you really want to go build the macros to

Unknown Speaker  1:11:16
say, No, yeah, I don't.

Speaker 1  1:11:18
It's customer service handling. It Like literally, you say in your message that says, Look, if you incur a leafy due to the fact that you couldn't make a payment on the Sunday, please call our customer service line and we'll be glad to assist you

Unknown Speaker  1:11:33
on A Monday, right on a Monday, on a Monday, you

Matthias Miller  1:11:44
that is kind of cool.

Speaker 1  1:11:49
Our dear, our dear Mennonite friends. The moment I say we handled this for them, they just gonna be like what you seriously went and handled it for the Mennonites. Yes, we can even call it the concern. We'll call it the Anabaptist settings on the on the RTO contract record.

Matthias Miller  1:12:02
That's like the weaverland has these insurance regulations for questionnaires that they ask before they insure a vehicle. Yeah, you know. And it's, let me tell you, it's not your standard vehicle insurance questions.

Speaker 1  1:12:19
Do you believe in wearing the cape dress?

Matthias Miller  1:12:23
It's not quite that strong.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:28
Is your is your vehicle black, including the bumpers?

Matthias Miller  1:12:30
It's something, it's closer to that. Yeah, I love that.

Speaker 1  1:12:36
You guys did the weaver land conference insurance thing. That's just, that's just,

Matthias Miller  1:12:39
they're they're expanding it. They're taking on more locations, more states.

Matthias Miller  1:12:51
I guess I still have access, I don't know. You might have kicked me out.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:58
No, you've got access to the test system,

Matthias Miller  1:13:12
the activation reasons for leaving congregations,

Speaker 3  1:13:17
funds, what did it say about Tesla?

Matthias Miller  1:13:20
Tesla. Test, fund, test, test.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:24
James, Oh, gotcha. I thought I said Tesla, something gotcha.

Matthias Miller  1:13:33
Oh, well, anyway, I shouldn't get it. I

Speaker 1  1:13:36
have mad respect for the whoever the dude was who went and figured out your own insurance program. That's insane. Well, it

Matthias Miller  1:13:44
has something to do with the population of Mennonites in Pennsylvania. But yeah, for real, I wish, I wish we could get the tax credit program, the Pennsylvania Tax Credit Program. I'm not a lobbyist, but that thing is so cool, too. The What are you familiar with? Facebook, the tax credit program in Pennsylvania? No, I'm not so Pennsylvania lets you, let's get you up to, I think, all the way up to, like, a 90 or 95% tax credit on contributions to private schools. And so faith builders has an entire scholarship organization that takes funds from business owners. They keep the admin fees, helps fund their school. It gives tax credits, plus then they create these special entities where you become a percentage partner in a private entity entity, and you can use it on your personal

Unknown Speaker  1:14:30
tax returns

Unknown Speaker  1:14:38
as well. Anyway, leave it

Unknown Speaker  1:14:41
up to a conservative and a Baptist person to figure that

Matthias Miller  1:14:46
one out. Well, Faith builders, well and also Steven brew Baker, like a business minded Executive Director, or whatever his role is. Um. Okay, so one of the big things we need is, I mean, receipts we have, but proper payment history. What do you want the payment history to look like? Or do you do you literally want something like this, where you can just pop open and you see the detail once you get in there. Or do you want a full account history list that looks like this?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:24
Hmm,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:32
I mean the the other thing, the

Speaker 1  1:15:47
uh, well, go back. Go back to your Do you still have those pictures open? Yep, good to his payment history. One that feels a little obnoxious.

Speaker 1  1:16:06
Is, instinctively, what I would want to say is a breakdown of the payment, the late fees, the damage waiver fees, the tax, and the total like, and it doesn't need to be, doesn't need to be in a table like this, per se, like the direction we were heading on the payment history, on on the record itself, where it's, like, it's just a stacked top to bottom instead of left to

Matthias Miller  1:16:34
right. Oh, you can't use the keyboard shortcuts in there.

Speaker 3  1:16:41
Yeah, let's go find somebody. Hinkle is fine, but yeah, so let's go

Matthias Miller  1:16:48
payment history.

Speaker 1  1:16:49
I don't, I don't like. The only thing that I don't like about this is I don't like the incurred part. I think we should get rid of the incurred and only do what was paid. And you know, but when you click the it should say, it should say, like, the rental amount, damage fee, late fee, other fees, tax, total. And the way this is broken up here from, you know, from a period standpoint, I think is nice. It's like period for January 4, 2025, great. I would probably have date and time that the transaction was actually made yet. But can we

Matthias Miller  1:17:28
this drives me bonkers. I This does not make sense to me at all.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:33
I've been avoiding it for right now,

Matthias Miller  1:17:36
but I'm sorry. We have to. We have, we do have to look

Speaker 1  1:17:41
if we want to whip something together right here and push it off for these guys to go make it to a standard report, I am, I am all gung ho, because,

Matthias Miller  1:17:49
okay, good. Because this, to me, is another, I'm talking blockers, but this is another blocker for to get Justin looped in on having him do yuck stuff. Okay, so we make sure we've got the right field here. So on a payment date, it's a due we have a due date. We have an entry date. I think it would be the entry, yeah, the entry date gets populated.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:14
Incurred is, do

Matthias Miller  1:18:16
you want forgiveness? You just are you literally just want payments?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:19
No. Just payments.

Matthias Miller  1:18:22
Okay, could we do this? Do you want to filter this? Okay, for the customer port, Customer Portal. Is this for the customer portal or for admin like, Do you Do you want? Yes, yes, it's both. Okay, so, but don't you want is there's a world sorry for my just complete whatever. But isn't there a world in which you would want to see

Matthias Miller  1:18:51
how much lay fees that were incurred for specific periods? And I

Unknown Speaker  1:19:03
and forgiveness and some and some of those types of

Matthias Miller  1:19:05
things. Could we do that? I don't know why this, this thing here just looks really confusing to me. Agreed, agreed. So let's do an ideal world. Do we? Do we? Are we close enough to an ideal world like, would you not want a I

Unknown Speaker  1:19:27
period,

Matthias Miller  1:19:32
rent paid, late fee. So you're

Unknown Speaker  1:19:37
going to end up just making a table.

Matthias Miller  1:19:41
You don't want a table.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:45
You want a table close to a table. I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:19:48
I don't see how you can this is hard to parse, like, I can't find anything here, right? I.

Matthias Miller  1:20:01
So you have a period, the rent paid, the late fees,

Matthias Miller  1:20:10
late fees, and then you could, you could have late fees, you know, other fees, b1, and then the period balance isn't this pretty close to

Speaker 3  1:20:22
what you're gonna say, v1 and v2 you're gonna define what they are. Well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:20:26
it's, I'm shorthand, I'm lazy, but yeah, it'll be like, I

Matthias Miller  1:20:43
I feel like intellectually, raise your rate.

Speaker 1  1:20:46
Yeah, but okay, so every time a company adds in a new fee type, then then your table gets wider.

Matthias Miller  1:20:52
We'll only show the columns that are actually used on the

Unknown Speaker  1:20:57
contract. Okay. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:21:03
so that and maybe always show rent and late fees or

Speaker 1  1:21:05
something. You need it. You need a total column for the total amount that was paid in that in that time. Okay, should we, so?

Matthias Miller  1:21:16
Should we? Do you want the rent here? Should, should this be fees incurred?

Matthias Miller  1:21:30
Can we just do something like

Unknown Speaker  1:21:31
this? Add, add damage for your fee after rent? Insert a column, or Yeah, there you go.

Speaker 1  1:21:43
You need, you need period, and you also need date of payment. And you need who did

Matthias Miller  1:21:49
it, but the payments could be then and then here, and we get into trouble, because rent could be paid in five different payments. Late fees could be you. Or do you want this broken down on a per payment basis so you're not actually saying so then it's actually the period

Unknown Speaker  1:22:18
I've showed you RTO pros already, haven't I?

Matthias Miller  1:22:23
Not that, not that I think, not that I probably have.

Speaker 1  1:22:26
Let me just get a screenshot of this, because theirs is actually fairly understandable.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:05
Okay, screenshot, but do, do, do,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:09
come over here, come over here, and that right there.

Speaker 1  1:23:16
And options, clipboard, yes, capture, stop it. Signal, signal signal signal signal signal, Command B, there we go, picture, pictures worth 1000

Matthias Miller  1:23:31
words. Okay, so we have the

Unknown Speaker  1:23:50
paid.

Matthias Miller  1:23:53
Okay so it would be, it would be period, due, date, next do

Matthias Miller  1:24:06
payment? Do you need a tax? You want a tax on here? Yes, yes, yes, yes. Do you want a subtotal?

Speaker 3  1:24:22
Mm? Nah, I mean, nah, nah.

Matthias Miller  1:24:44
Something like this.

Matthias Miller  1:24:53
Do you want unpaid periods

Speaker 1  1:24:54
and due date? What's the functional difference there? Um,

Matthias Miller  1:25:04
well, really, nothing. It's just different time frame. No, it's not. What is the functional difference

Unknown Speaker  1:25:11
I would I would say, I would say, get rid of period and call it due date.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:16
Well, it's just, I

Matthias Miller  1:25:33
Okay, so then let's

Unknown Speaker  1:25:35
and remaining balance would be,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:36
what contract balance

Matthias Miller  1:25:40
period ballot. Do you want to show the remaining period balance?

Unknown Speaker  1:25:46
No, I don't think that's really

Unknown Speaker  1:25:48
helpful. And

Matthias Miller  1:25:49
when you want the total amount due, this

Matthias Miller  1:25:56
is just payment so it doesn't show anything about what's due.

Speaker 1  1:25:59
This is payment history. I don't know that we need to know that. Like this was, this is, this is what happened, not what should have happened or what we what's going to happen in the future. It's just what

Matthias Miller  1:26:11
happened. So I show up on the contract. Why did they get a late fee? There's a late fee on this account. Nobody made any payments. Why is there a late fee? How do I answer that due date

Speaker 1  1:26:19
and payment date? The difference between due date and payment date and payment date is pretty

Matthias Miller  1:26:24
simple, right? So we're going to show all due dates, whether or not

Speaker 1  1:26:29
and it functionally in my brain. In my brain, I would have due date first payment date second. That's just to me. That's like it that makes like, okay, when was I doing? Okay, okay, when's my next dude got it? Okay, what was the rent damage? Okay, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:26:45
can we do a total? Okay, but Okay, so then I will see if they have an unpaid period. I'll see something for with a due date, but no payment date, and all these will be zeros or blanks.

Speaker 1  1:26:57
I don't think, I don't even think you don't need to see that.

Matthias Miller  1:27:00
Okay, so I'm a customer service rep. I'm on the contract, and I say, Why is there a late fee on men taking a payment? They're like, why is there a late fee on there? Ah, let me go figure it out. I pull this up, payment history. Oh, I have no idea. All I see, all I can see, is payment history.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:16
Okay, you make a point.

Matthias Miller  1:27:17
Thank you. I was trying to see

Speaker 1  1:27:27
I mean, okay, so then in that regard, maybe it is we show incurred and paid, incurred and paid like you could see exactly when you incurred a late fee, and know that whether you paid it or not.

Matthias Miller  1:27:36
But then, how about forgiveness? Is that a separate row type?

Unknown Speaker  1:27:40
Yes, that's a separate row. You forgave it.

Speaker 3  1:27:44
Okay, date time and forgiveness, forgave it.

Matthias Miller  1:27:55
So then we have basically an adjustment type for

Matthias Miller  1:28:04
All right, let's try this. Are we close enough that we could build it? Should I have them build it?

Matthias Miller  1:28:18
How much? How long do you want to go today?

Speaker 1  1:28:28
I really, because I am so behind on something that Mark needs, I really should drop off and go do that. The other option is, you communicate this concept over to Sean and have him go mock it up.

Matthias Miller  1:28:43
I don't know. I think the report might be just a little, oh, a mock up.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:46
I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:47
unless, unless, let me just literally.

Matthias Miller  1:28:54
Okay, either, either I could tell Jonathan or Seth to build the report, and I can tell it, have it close enough. Report where you just put the or I just go build it. It's almost as fast for me to spend 15 minutes. Okay, let me do that.

Speaker 1  1:29:09
I really do need to drop off and go fix finish this stuff for Mark, because I promised I'd have it done today. I'm already, like, 15 days past due on it.

Matthias Miller  1:29:15
Ah, that's it. Okay. Could be worse,

Speaker 1  1:29:20
it's stupid. Sales Orders, uninvoiced, sales orders aging, and I have to go, go look up all these steel building sales over in another system, which, by the way, never mind. I'm not going to say that out loud. We don't, they don't want to spend the money for that, and it's unnecessary.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:38
Oh yeah, well, that's

Speaker 1  1:29:40
fine say as a software I can't ever figure out if I like it or hate

Matthias Miller  1:29:46
it so, but if their pricing seems to indicate maybe, anyway, if you

Speaker 1  1:29:51
need to ping me, ping me, I can jump on and answer any questions. Just if I can go off and do this, that'd be amazing.

Speaker 6  1:29:58
Good do it. Awesome. Talk later, cool, yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai