Speaker 1  00:00
Okay, so if you whether you like traffic and funnels or not, or sales mentor or Taylor welds, one of the things he's absolutely phenomenal on is confronting people's mindsets, and helping them, helping them change them. That's the core, I would actually argue that that's the core of their business. And everything else is just window dressing. And it's largely an extension of him. And it's even how he it was even his success pattern, ultimately.

Unknown Speaker  00:33
And so. So I think that would be something that would be somebody has the money,

Speaker 1  00:39
then, then that's a then there you go. I think the real retail package and even with coaching is a possible option. I don't know if anybody can legitimately say they don't have the money. I mean, maybe, maybe, but

Speaker 2  01:02
yeah. They have a business, and they probably almost most definitely have money for business tools.

Speaker 1  01:10
There's the only exception might be well, I don't know, the the well, the exception might be sub six figure businesses. But even with that, like, I don't know, maybe that was that we could we could set up a I'm not completely opposed to doing a multi pay on a software project. Yeah. Are you there? Yes, I'm here. Okay. I'm here. What are your thoughts? Um,

Speaker 2  02:14
yeah. So let's say, I have. Let's say I find out I have three to four hours of time on my calendar next week. And I could either go and do DNI work, or I could do mys work. Would you say, go do DNI work? If you don't have scheduled high quality leads? Or would you say? Go? Try calling up any or every any of those sales leads in the pipeline? The rattle the bushes and see what comes out of it? Is that worth the investment on your part? Like, do you feel like it's worth mys his time and resources for me to be doing that?

Speaker 1  03:17
calling them up? No. shooting them all emails and say By the way, we just published another article called this. Would you be interested in that? 100%? I would be a fan times 10. Yep. The other? So I think that's my answer. If there's somebody that has, I think you should maintain relationships with people that meet both of those criteria. And maybe even especially, I would probably value mindset more than anything else. Sure. Yep. Yep. Because all we need is cash or access to cash. I agree with you. 100%. There. So now this might be a little Ninja, but I wonder if, if you could? Okay, here's, here's my next question. If we had a conversation about mindset, what makes a good mindset? What makes a bad mindset? Would you be able to riff on that if I asked you questions, would you be able to riff on that for 15 to 30 minutes? or longer, whatever it takes.

Speaker 2  04:27
I would have your thing like 15 minutes, probably not a whole lot beyond that. But yeah, I could do that. Yeah,

Speaker 1  04:34
I think so. So I think but what I was going with originally would be if you would have a way to score mindset, say one to 10 and score. This could even be in the summary field and score, budget, one to 10. And you've got You're little, then you've got your, your lead scoring and you need it tells you where to focus. You got to be really ninja multiply them together. And that tells you who are the absolute best. That would be really,

Speaker 2  05:20
I would I think that would be really huge. Yeah. Because right now I prioritize based on. It's not very good science here, but the way I prioritize the calls is often, okay, after I talk, I am like, when might they want to talk? They mentioned six months out, and then the nine months out, mentioned something three months out, like, Okay, well, I'll set the I'll set follow up date for that date. And then I'm like, Who should I be calling? course I'm following up with the importantly, like the very actively that you are very interested in going forward. So those are always top priority. But then of everyone else, I'm just looking at wins. Who's closest to next follow up? Or who's which follow up date is closest, so that I think those that's not necessary, that's not really prioritizing based on volatility. So yeah.

Unknown Speaker  06:28
If you ask really nicely, I might even experiment with giving you fields for that.

Speaker 2  06:38
Let's see, what could I say to stop nicely? Would you be into fun into fun labs project? You don't even have to do that. Just shoot me an email. Okay. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  06:55
I'll do that. Yeah, I think that's I think that's tremendously helpful. We can start getting some kind of a scoring model in place. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I think even I don't know, if we have to take time now. We got 10 minutes left, it looks like I don't care whether I want to, I want to maximize this because I really think this is gold. If if we were as blocked out time slot next week, and do a recorded call. And you just talked about mindset. I think we use this to put together a material and this is like, one of the traits of our most most successful clients. And here it is, this is how they think this is how they don't think.

Unknown Speaker  07:50
Well, you might get me talking already right now, because I'm already but go

Speaker 1  07:53
for it. We can start sorry, spin off what you got. And you don't have to question that we can come back to it.

Speaker 2  08:00
Yep. Well, number one is how they view us in the process. They come to us viewing us as the experts in systems, not us as simply a day labor that's going to put together or replicate something that they feel is such an amazing system already. So it's like they're viewing us as the engineer, rather than the bricklayer. Yeah. You're like, hey, come build my house, or they're like, hey, I want to build this house. Will you come and lay the blocks? It's like, nothing you I'm an engineer, I'm not a block player.

Speaker 1  08:45
Okay, so you want to take it one step further. It's kind of like profit being without honoring its hometown, or no, it's more like, honor, honor, profit in the name of a profit, you get a Prophet's reward? Yeah, you can, you can flip it. So that it's not about us, but it's about it actually makes it about them, and how do they perceive us? And how they perceive us and determines the benefits that they get from us? Yes, yes. And you don't have to try to beat your chest to make yourself sound good. It's just anyway, Okay, next. So,

Speaker 2  09:16
the other thing is the way they view the view the transaction with us, is it an investment? Or is it is it an investment in their business as an I'm buying a tool here, or I'm, I don't even know what the other option is. But basically, they come to us and they view as investing in a business tool. They view software as a business tool. They're used to investing in tools all the time, and tools that make their business profitable. So They view us as an investment makes a huge difference different people. Like, so. Yeah, different people who sort of have that mindset. I mentioned the numbers there right away thinking, yes, but it's going to replace this or that in my business, it's going to bring this profit. Whereas the people who view as an expenditure are like, Oh, my, I could get this cheaper doing it this way or that way. And so it's very different way of engaging with the

Speaker 1  10:38
price. And there's some of that that comes to this. The TF way of looking at I mean, it's not just the opportunity cost, they understand there is an opportunity cost.

Speaker 2  10:50
Excuse me, my thoughts. I really need to answer this call. It should only be two or three minutes. Yes, no problem. No problem.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai