Speaker 1  00:00
The end? Well, I think there was a two things one is one is an understanding of opportunity cost. It's do do you compare universes, other products? Are you comparing products, looking at from product to outcome. And the interesting thing is, if you looked at products or products, you actually lose sight of the outcome. And you see this all the time when people price shop, they, they actually lose the very thing that they were shopping for in the first place. The other piece with it, too, is Oh, I lost it. There's another piece to it, but you can keep going. Sure.

Speaker 2  00:51
Yes, the right mindset to is people who are in the right mindset, often, with an acute realization of the pain they're in they they are not casually checking out things that they're curious about, which we sometimes get curious colors, like, Oh, I saw that sound kind of cool. Tell me a little more about it. And oh, yeah, down the road, we may have some more need for that. But this point, we're good. So either they don't have a problem that needs solved right now. Or they just don't feel it yet. And it's only very foresight for people can feel problems before they arrive and find solutions before they need solved. And very rarely Can you solve a problem quick enough? When it comes to, if you don't find out about it until it comes to you. And it's costly to wait till the problem arrives, to try to find a solution for it. So there, there are four sites for businessmen to call up asking about software. But I'm just thinking of one I recently talked to, and he is thinking ahead. And so people who call and are thinking about problems of the future, are often at a very good place to be talking about investments.

Speaker 1  02:42
So there's, there's three levels, level zero, is like, they don't even know what the problem is, and they're distracted, and they're just looking for something real time. level. One is they're reactive. And they got something that they know they need to fix. And then there's level two, which is proactive. So we have a plan in place. But if we pull the trigger on, I mean, if we keep we have the plan in place, it's executing, but we're gonna run into this issue. Yeah. And, and so part of it, you know, level zero, which you need is you actually need to get clear on what your actual problem is. and focusing on that. And probably, if you're just looking around, you don't actually know what your problem is. Yeah. You're just looking for another shiny gadget. Yep. And then level one is like, well, you got it looks. I mean, it's gonna be expensive. But you do have to fix your problem. Let's make sure it's the right one. But let's fix it. Yeah. Yeah. And then level two is now you're in the in the proactive leadership space, and it's a really good place for you as a leader to be. Yep. Yep. I like it.

Speaker 2  03:46
Yep. Another characteristic of ideal clients? Are their business owners who have put team members in place? Let me take that back. who recognize that they have to replace themselves and that the business cannot revolve around them, or else yeah, business model is there just going to be stuck. And sometimes they come. They, they discovered it because they reached the point where they couldn't keep growing, and now they're scrambling to try to replace themselves in emergency mode. And this is sort of related to what we were just talking about here. But then there's others who are looking ahead and they're like, okay, with what I'm doing here. I am not going to be able to do that in two years if we keep growing at this rate. So let's figure out what what I need to offload. Who can take it, or what systems or what ways can I delegate, automate or eliminate? Yep. Yep. And so Sylvan. Sylvan is like, I'm being isn't saying these different things. Sylvan is like a very ideal client, he fits different ones of these, like, he's just such a great guy to talk with. And as I'm processing this here, I'm thinking a lot of it revolves around his forward thinking. He's not reactive, be proactive. And if I had a one word, or one phrase that describes our ideal clients are they're proactive, not reactive. Yeah. However we can. I feel like, we can also take people who are reacting and help them become proactive. But it's a painful process for them to it takes them a lot longer to get back to hell than they realize. And I don't know if. Yeah, like,

Speaker 1  06:35
so the mindset shift there, though, is the understanding that it's because a lot of those will end up they're looking for, even if they know it's painful, expensive. They're looking for a band a bit of a band aid. Yeah, yeah. And they don't realize the depth of the cut. they underestimate the depth of the cost. Yep. Yeah. I mean, we saw that we realized it wasn't. It wasn't that they're horrible people or even horrible leaders. It's just, they just way underestimated what it took to get back on track. Yep.

Speaker 2  07:07
Yeah. I think if I had to assess that situation, the pain was so big, just they were just kind of like, okay, we need a doctor here. You come to our doctor, and we help them out. But it was, it was more painful than then it might be working with a silvan. But yeah, the worst customer to work with. And I just keep thinking of Ellis Zimmerman, I don't know why, but he's like, towards the top of the list of worst people to work with. And it's a guy who urgently, who says urgently, that he needs the chain, he needs something to change, but for some reason, but he somehow leads us law leads, I should say, me, he leads lead me along and kept making me think, Okay, I think he's gonna be ready. But he kept somehow creating reasons not to move forward quite yet. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know quite how to articulate but that's kind of the worst possible person to work with.

Speaker 1  08:29
So it's hard to estimate exactly what's underneath it. I know, it's not completely uncommon for people to ask for free consulting. And then once they find out what the answer is, they go find a cheaper way to go implement the answer. I don't know if that's exactly it. I mean, honestly, some of that, feeling manipulated by?

Speaker 2  09:01
Yeah. Yeah. I felt like he was just using us like he kept all I'm almost ready to pull the trigger. And I just need this yet. And then I give in, and I give him what he needs. And then oh, but what about this, let's talk. And I waited. I don't know, I could look at the event. But if I had to get, I wouldn't say five, six hours, talking with him on the phone. drag you into it. Those are the kinds of clients that I just want to avoid at all. All right.

Unknown Speaker  09:36
So what really is his mindset underneath it all?

Speaker 2  09:44
You know, I don't think he I think he kind of use this as the last players. Like he thinks. He thinks he has the blueprint, and he just needs to find block players to build it. And he came to us like hey, just just Here's what I want, I want you to take what I have, and I don't really like it. But for some reason, I want you to build something, almost exactly like it. But with a few tweaks, but that's not really what he wants, or that's not what he really needs. He doesn't need what he has. With a few tweaks. He's gonna pay $100,000 for that. I mean, yeah, either. That's what, that's what he wants. But I mean, he better not invest 100,000 in something that's almost like what he has a terrible businessman. For some reason. Yeah, he was deceived. He, he thought, Oh, just here, I'll show you what I have. And now you can go build it? Well, yeah.

Speaker 1  10:49
I think part of this if you if you had to break it down, part of it is the ability to see reality. So most of them, we really, for example, knew how broken it was. And they said it has to be fixed. And here, I don't think he even understands. He thinks he's seeing it clearly. But he's really not he's not seeing how broken it is. Well, either not seeing or not acknowledging the gap between how broken it is what he's actually wants to see. I don't know. Yes,

Speaker 2  11:21
yes, you're right. When people come wanting us to duplicate what they have they something. So they're not acknowledging the reality they're feeling they're feeling drives them to find something different. But yet, they're saying, yeah, that it's not actually a huge change they need, they just need this upgraded a bit. But something drove them to look for something different. Yeah, but there's at the same time telling us, here's how I want it, make it like this. But it's the thing that was broken, and they want us to replicate it. And then all of a sudden, they're the architects, and we're the block builders, or the block layers. And it's just totally messed up. Take an engineer and try to make them a block layer. He's number one, not going to do a good job. And number two, if you're paying an engineer to do a block layers work, you're either crazy, or you're going to end up backing out really quickly, because you discover that it's not worth it to pay an engineer to do a block layers work.

Speaker 1  12:40
Well, and then and then if you try to engineer it yourself, and you get to the end, and you don't you don't get to the if you don't get the results that you want in the data service. But first of all, we're to blame. Because we quote, did the work, but it wasn't done. Right. Well, that has nothing to do with the fact that the work wasn't done. Right. Everything to do effect. There was an engineer correctly. Yep. Really good analogy. I'm having fun with this. I can totally see that. This is like,

Speaker 2  13:19
yeah. Yeah, well, so too, I guess I could sum it up in two things. ideal client is someone who sees us as the engineer rather than the block player. And number two, someone who is proactive rather than reactive. is to kind of sum up in a way what we've been talking about here or not.

Speaker 1  13:47
Yeah, I think those are those are the those are probably the the highest traits. Yeah, I think those are the highest rates. I mean, there's all kinds of unintended consequences of being proactive. One of them is they actually are proactive, it means that they're in a healthy place financially. It's true. Find a reactive person that's typically swimming in money. And if they are, it's probably temporary. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So get your money away. From the way you can, yeah.

Speaker 1  14:30
Okay, well, yeah, as I said, this is supremely helpful. I want to I want to see about putting some stuff together around this because I think I think this would be an absolute phenomenal lead magnet. And even in then this also can become something to somebody if you detect that somebody doesn't have the right mindset. You can tell them, here's some homework that I would like for you to do that that would be helpful for you. Great idea. You go read this. And then and then once you're done, you know, whatever it takes to make up, you'll be able to do that in the next week or so. And then just check in with them after that. Engage. And if they're teachable, then they'll be in a different space. If they're not, then they're not ready for it. And now, you know,

Speaker 2  15:21
yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah, I like it. So if you, yeah, I would love to see what you put together there, then. I think what you're saying is somehow in a, like, we're not confronting them and saying, Hey, this is you. We're saying, Hey, here's a picture of an ideal client, or someone who's ready to do custom software. And here's someone who's not. You want to help us figure out where you're at? Hear what we're saying? Yeah, I think it's something along those lines. Like we don't want to waste your time, or money on software if this isn't the right fit for you. And here's kind of a picture of someone who's we're customs officers right for them and curious to hear what your thoughts are. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Yep. Very good. Well, I should probably run along here with this is fun. Yeah, I agree. Good. Awesome. Appreciate it. Yes. Let's face next Tuesday. Yeah, sounds good. We'll talk then. Thanks. Okay. Very good.

Unknown Speaker  16:40
Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai