Speaker 1  00:00
getting dirt donors. But there's a whole opportunity out there for our recipients. And so with the kids programs, we build a whole new website. Got it connected with your private familiar with HubSpot, HubSpot, the back end, which is just getting all that hooked up in the forums and registration and now looking at the next step of starting to advertise and all that and it's just the process with Darryl and Randall. They own the program like they are the program so I want to serve them. It's almost like that same type of relationship. Client and marketer, or customer marketer. And they're just, let's just say woodmizer You know, like this blue or why don't you? But I wanted this to, like, say exactly, these words. Like why didn't you but on and on. We took in that we took all of your thoughts and ideas into consideration. We didn't just dismiss them. So how do you convey that like, we're not just dismissing them because we didn't implement them. We just work them into the mix. We come up with the messaging and the words that we think communicate the clearest and that's what we're gonna use and we can test I don't mind testing your exact words if you want to test it. I'm open to that being better, but and then that it's like you know, I might differ. Some are some people on this but to me like a logo. The logo is only as as good as it is prominent in customers minds. Like if there's associations already in customers minds, then then then it's like it holds weight. So Walmart's logo hold weight. Why? Because millions of people have associations with it. Or Nike or just got online apple. If you're if you have a brand spanking new logo, it actually means nothing. There's no association, there's no value in customers minds.

Speaker 2  02:32
I might push back just a little bit. One exception. I think the exception is if you're a new luxury if you're selling to a luxury market people can tell the difference between a $5 logo and a $5,000 logo. Like a lion clothes or something like whether it's like clothes, whether it's high end, if you're selling a high end remodeling, if you're soliciting high end, multibillion dollar donors, whatever in that case, I would make an argument that that logo and not just with the entire branding package, but that that shelling out, boatload of money on electronics, really premium top of line brand can actually

Speaker 1  03:16
make a difference. But because it's the perception and the person in the customer's mind.

Speaker 2  03:20
Exactly. Because because it's the same way as Okay, somebody on the street. Okay, somebody I recently went out and spent an insane amount of money on a pair of headphones that came Oh, no, I have no idea. Anyway, the long story to that. Most people saying

Speaker 1  03:41
to you, I'm curious because I keep looking at zones like I can't pay

Speaker 2  03:46
that for phone calls bath is at $800 700 Yeah, I don't know if it's, I don't know. If that's insane or not, but

Speaker 1  03:54
most I've ever paid for it was like 315 I went that was revolutionary for me to spend that much and I went

Speaker 2  04:03
back to my beats and I'm like these so muddy and really disgusting. So now that guy sadly okay, but most people on the street look at my headphones are like, Oh, I mean, those kind of look fat and bulky. Yeah, but what about it? But if you are hanging around audio files with those headphones, they're gonna look at that and be like, like, I don't know why the guy is doing Bluetooth and not wired. He's gonna they're gonna look down their noses that mean, but if the guy has to have Bluetooth, that's one of the top bluetooth headphones and they know the same as with clothing. A, somebody on the street isn't necessarily going to be able to tell the difference between a $5,000 tailored suit. I mean, I don't know it looks nice. Yeah. And like something from Walmart. But you walk into a room where somebody regularly pays $5,000 A suit. They're gonna look you up and down and assess you and they're gonna know whether you pay $5,000 for Sacred breathing. Most people in the street they'll look at a brand Yeah, that looks good. But somebody who's used to seeing affluent versus budget, or like luxury versus budget brands, they're gonna look at the brand and be like, that is really well branded. So that's a little PSA doesn't really play your argument can be made in that case. I

Speaker 1  05:21
would agree with that. The audience I'm we're struggling with this is I mean, say respectfully, not with discrimination in mind or anything like that. But I mean, it's, it is the people on the street, basically. What are you good I guess to be described as low income families in general, in every game, so anyway, you know, they were like kind of freaking out a bit that we just went tour and everything we did not have time. To create a logo yet. And so we need to begin camp registrations for the summer camp. So the website and the push to get website out launched and everything was ready, registration and all that. So I was like, just launching techspace logo at the time. No worries. That was a really big deal for them like we'll get to it as soon as possible. I guarantee we'll have it before the summer camp like it's not you know, if you want signage and things up at the camp and whatever will happen. Just to launch a site and get some registrations going. I just sold No, no reason at all. That would hold up the launch.

Speaker 2  06:51
It's so funny saying I don't know if you've seen that. But like these ads advertorials are these really old sales letters with these ugly colors with fonts and you show that to somebody like oh, that could never have been, you know, like, yeah, these actually cranked a lot of money for millions of dollars.

Speaker 1  07:13
I see it all the time and I interact with them personally. Like, it is such an it really, honestly is. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Like if you know if you know somebody, and you understand the value of it, you actually don't really care what it looks like. You say that you care, but then you'll still click on the email still interact.

Unknown Speaker  07:48
That's interesting.

Speaker 1  07:51
So anyway, I yeah, I'm kind of thrust back into the agency client relationship. That's an interesting place to be Yeah, yeah, it is. You try your best, you know, some. Some customers are just our nose. No, I mean, we talked about it back in the office. We want that to be blue and you change that to blue.

Unknown Speaker  08:21
All right. We'll do that. It's funny,

Speaker 1  08:27
because you work for them. But we're the experts. I think that's what that's the dynamic that's like they're paying us so they kind of do have the final say. However, I think they're really, really, really good agencies. Clarify all that upfront, and say, we know what we're doing. Now, because we're talking just because we understand what we're trying to accomplish. We're going to do our best to understand what your business goals are. And that we're going to come up with a plan and implement it. We'll take your feedback, we won't dismiss it. But if we don't take your little, change this button and change that it's because we think it's going to serve your customer the

Speaker 2  09:21
best. Well, there's also with that too, a please suspend judgment proof is in the pudding. Yeah. And it's also a little bit of a perception of did they hire you to make a website? Or did they hire you to go fill up the kids program? And those are two very different things. And most people don't realize that one of them has our story. There it is. 792 crazy, but probably not. So one of the one of the gratifying things is when one of my clients went to an Anabaptist financial marketing seminar. He came back and he said, you know not to blow smoke behind it's hailing. This but however does it like not to get to your you know, stoke your ego too much, but I came back realizing that you guys know a thing or two about marketing.

Unknown Speaker  10:22
I wonder who the speakers were or

Speaker 2  10:25
was it you probably go back and look it up. But

Unknown Speaker  10:29
what was that conference calls?

Speaker 2  10:32
It was just one of them. It was I think it was with one of rosewoods people was that yeah, no, I don't know if Roy was doing it. Or if somebody else has

Speaker 1  10:42
Adrienne Orkestra in your event for a while. We actually went Josh and Josh this tech early on when he got started I I was just we were just friends. But he's both flew together. And I was like, hey, if I bring some customers your way, can I get a commission? Right? Loose just and so I did some of that work. But we went one of the things I was kind of interested in or tasked with was like partnerships, even to grow the business and all that so gross, but we got connected with them and actually drove out more Josh and I sat down. We did. We did two projects as a subcontractor for him. And I thought I wasn't the one like you know, doing the nitty gritty in the building and all that. I thought it went fairly well. There was kind of your normal, like, glitchy. How do we work together type stuff. But Josh was like, I've never done that again. It's kind of his his deal that he was like, no. There are things he's, he's a decent marketer himself. And so there were things he was like, I want to do this way because I think it'd be the best Roseland was managing their relationship with a client and saying no, it's find out yeah, just kind of got Josh was like, I want to do my own my own customers.

Speaker 2  12:33
We started my brothers are working with rosewood. Really interesting. We've pushed back pretty hard and stuff. And one of the senior guys quite agreeable with what we've been saying. He's like, Yeah, that's I mean, anyway, and between the type of business that it is it's a very, they've helped us make some really good shifts, or helped him make some really good shifts.

Unknown Speaker  12:59
But what's the relationship there?

Speaker 2  13:02
They're marketing on my brother's behalf for my brother's software company. Okay, my brother I don't think

Speaker 1  13:11
so you just just based on time and things like that, or you wouldn't, you wouldn't want to market yourself.

Speaker 2  13:20
It was well, there's, it's, it is a variety of things. One, it is partially about their expertise, but it is just about as much a pay to play networking play as anything else. Like you get in close proximity. Their ideal customer is not that different than my brother's ideal customer. And there's already some, you know, opportunities that have opened up because of that. And so it's, it is, that's how much of the Anabaptist market works. And so, I mean, pay to play but yeah, exactly. Yeah. Really no cloud endorsements and friendships and all that. Which isn't that different than business in most other. It's

Speaker 1  14:06
not it's just very Yeah, it's very unique. Because it's like, I I would I have this funny thought sometimes I'm like, if I would, if if there'd be like a great like a big one of the hotshot you know, that has been, he thinks as a is has built up this massive network of people across the country and put our Anabaptist network up against that I really wonder like, the level of trust that you have with another person

Unknown Speaker  14:47
without knowing anything about them. It doesn't happen as much anymore, but certain paths like my parents when you're going to a wedding, another community will need to stay with someone else's house, right? Yeah, here's a bedroom. Here's, oh, you need a car. Yeah, sure.

Unknown Speaker  15:10
Exactly. What what

Speaker 1  15:13
network in America has has that level of

Unknown Speaker  15:16
trust, low friction.

Unknown Speaker  15:18
Maybe that maybe the Airbnb that worked.

Speaker 2  15:22
But still, you wouldn't. You would dare to ask for their car, and your sign and all kinds of release Exactly.

Speaker 1  15:29
Liability releases. I just I want to really wonder sometimes if i feel like i i I react to it. Because I know the rules to play. And I it's easy for me to despise those. And then on the other side, I think what if I'm just throwing away like anybody's dream network that spans the entire country

Speaker 2  16:08
when it comes down to personal priorities, and I think different people make different decisions based off of that. I think for some people, there is an illegitimate drive for gain that keeps exactly there. For some people it is value, and the benefits outweigh the cost and they feel like they can manage the manage the cost effectively and then others just like that's not a trade off. We're willing to make

Speaker 1  16:41
Yeah, and I think I have I hope it's not a bitterness or a jaded I've, I've come a long way in that already. I think appreciating the good the good points in the network, and

Speaker 1  17:03
maybe understanding the weaknesses but not harboring a bitterness maybe or a Ricky talks about it. How we are quick to despise and the use of use that word

Unknown Speaker  20:01
Really you're going to attract an Amish person like

Speaker 3  20:05
maybe does Irish people have this interesting excitability about them that's kind of surprising sometimes like an open mind.

Unknown Speaker  20:16
Amish are more open minded broadly speaking.

Speaker 3  20:19
I wouldn't have it actually agree. And but then also from the Amish if you I wish I worked

Speaker 2  20:24
with they love to be sold sold on so to I don't know

Unknown Speaker  20:31
yeah just like

Speaker 2  20:35
put down the money and we're going to make this VA it's going to be the best thing since it should look good that's why I didn't last a minute

Unknown Speaker  20:45
that environment

Speaker 1  20:50
was supposed to turn back there next year so

Speaker 3  20:53
it must be a better time now I think

Unknown Speaker  20:58
recognize it I think it's how

Unknown Speaker  21:10
it's fine. It's fast.

Unknown Speaker  21:16
Yeah, I mean, I've never been one for

Speaker 1  21:18
I mean, this is the classic problem you've got. You've got the Born salespeople who are just out there selling stuff, because that's what they do.

Unknown Speaker  21:31
And then you've got the

Speaker 1  21:34
geeky thinkers who could solve the problems five times better than the outgoing salespeople, but they're not aggressive enough to go sell themselves and stuff. Or they're just viewed as weak isn't the right word. Like not

Unknown Speaker  21:53
not aggressive enough to

Speaker 1  21:58
there's not enough like, excitement I think. Yeah, not excited. Not extroverted enough. Not talking. Whatever. Yeah, all this stuff. And you got to find your own way to win. That works for you. And it's never gonna I'm never going to be Dave Kaufman. But I guarantee you that I can. I could probably put myself head to head against them any day and solve problems and I could scale a company faster than he could I don't know. That's a fairly bold statement, but I mean, he's more focused on on the disk. So the disk is kind of his capitalism, but then he writes, it's his foot in the door for all this other stuff. That is Yeah. In general,

Unknown Speaker  22:43
leadership coaching.

Unknown Speaker  22:51
Yeah, that's interesting. I

Speaker 1  22:54
mean, it's just a different style. Definitely GFI.

Speaker 1  23:03
Been around some of those types of environments. Tried to follow folks like that. Sign up for coaching programs like that. I can't think of anything, any of them that really there's only one guy that I'm working with closely resembles that.

Unknown Speaker  23:28
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  23:28
I mean, I'm still my journey. I'm still

Unknown Speaker  23:35
trying to make that decision, and

Unknown Speaker  23:36
I haven't yet. I did. Forget what all we talked about last time. And I mentioned Brendon Burchard.

Unknown Speaker  23:48
I didn't know.

Unknown Speaker  23:52
I so I have a long and storied history with self help. And fighting it and then diving in and getting really upset. Eliminating it from my life and dabbling in it. Now I'm just working place because I'm like, what I know I need it. I know it can be helpful.

Speaker 1  24:33
It's not all garbage. There's a lot of hype, and I have to catch

Unknown Speaker  24:41
the whole crowd.

Speaker 1  24:43
Get into the stuff that actually works and matters, but it's there. And so you can't just throw the baby out with the bathwater. And Chuck it all the way so I'm like I'm kind of coming back around

Speaker 1  25:00
Brendon Burchard is somebody that very loosely, distantly fallen from pretty far off. Grant Cardone is one that I got

Unknown Speaker  25:17
into early on.

Speaker 1  25:19
And then he he just about ruining your life. And so I need to detox from them

Speaker 1  25:33
what's his face for a full focus planner, Michael. Michael Hyatt kind of got into this whole system and stuff for quite a while actually. That was the one that probably stuck the longest in his productivity planner system. never actually read any of his books, or took his full focus course. It was too much money and I was too stingy. But I used consumed all his videos with his planner uses planner heavily. It really it really brought brought clarity and helped and then beginning of this year, kindness stumbled back on the Brenden and I was like my thought was, you know what? Let's give it another fair shot. And just go and I gave myself permission in three months time, if it is just a whole load of hogwash, like I always thought it was like a no harm. You have to dive in headfirst. And so I did it and it has it has actually moved the needle and that's awesome. And then I didn't even know I had had his book from

Unknown Speaker  26:59
like, a couple years ago.

Speaker 1  27:05
But I didn't even know that he was a Christian. And so I was just like, well, I'll run it through my filter and I trust my filter. You know, I was thinking always probably another Grant Cardone, you know, you kind of have to filter some of his principles. In here, he's like, when you when you get into the paywall, like behind the paywall stuff like he's he's actually fairly open to sharing his face. Interesting. And then he is like he they he doubles up with Ed bilat which I was.

Unknown Speaker  27:48
And Ed is like this beast of a new

Speaker 1  27:53
man when he speaks you sit up and listen. And Edie is also I again, I just assumed that he you know, he wasn't a man of faith. And he's on a stage in LA last week, just

Unknown Speaker  28:07
going forth.

Speaker 1  28:09
And all at once he gets a little sidetracked or something that he wasn't aware of. Is it something man I just want the Holy Spirit to lead me right now? Okay, I'm tracking

Unknown Speaker  28:30
news or good news.

Speaker 1  28:33
And, yeah, so I'm just like, You know what? Let's go. Let's give it a fair shot. Brendan. You have to burden as he says over and over again. You have to do the work. You can't just sit here and listen to me talk. You have to do the work. And he will coach you but you got to you got to participate.

Unknown Speaker  28:59
So

Speaker 1  29:01
I'm probably purchasing participate more in that stuff than I ever have. Or at a deeper level. He has an entire online system, but it's centered around journaling. So it's not necessarily productivity. I mean, he has a bunch of stuff on productivity, but it's its mindset.

Unknown Speaker  29:24
Its energy,

Speaker 1  29:26
and just the habits of high performance and then centered around a journal, where it's prompts every morning prompts every evening prompts every week every month and it's it's his set of prompts is not like you you customize a little bit but he doesn't really want you to

Speaker 2  29:50
set around the six high performance habits that he knows if you can use master rows. You can work at a high level of energy mindset. Necessity he calls it that means like you're you don't roll into work just waiting for

Speaker 3  30:08
someone to tell you what to do you actually you set your bar. You know how to set

Speaker 1  30:13
your bar up here for yourself and work your way up to raising assessing others anyway so the whole coaching thing.

Speaker 2  30:30
I think that the Dave Kaufman's and stuff where where it feels like

Unknown Speaker  30:35
it's just a bunch of regurgitated

Unknown Speaker  30:39
leadership jargon.

Unknown Speaker  30:43
It hasn't been helpful for me with Brendon or it's like a

Unknown Speaker  30:48
focused,

Speaker 1  30:51
proprietary system. It's proven. He has coached all of the major he has like two or three billionaires that he actively coaches now. He coached an apartment

Unknown Speaker  31:03
Winfrey. He coached to Tony

Speaker 1  31:05
Robbins. He coached he just goes on everyone's wall. He does a bunch of name dropping, but like NFL coaches, just go down the list celebrities a lot of your Simone Simone meals about our knees is

Unknown Speaker  31:31
all your

Unknown Speaker  31:33
Olympians Oh coach. And so he has a he has a next level like one of his. He trains and certifies

Speaker 1  31:46
coaches under him to that coach one on one and the starter cost for that is six grand so I'm trying to get that approved throw my uplines was awesome. I would I would like man if I'd be in a better position.

Unknown Speaker  32:11
Personally,

Speaker 1  32:14
I just I believe in it enough or it has helped me enough in the past couple of months. I just do personally can't quite

Speaker 1  32:28
let's say one of the things I find interesting is mostly because it's one of the things I've been paying attention to is well, actually, I have a follow up question.

Unknown Speaker  32:40
So with Grant Cardone,

Speaker 1  32:42
were there things early on that you scratched your head

Unknown Speaker  32:45
about with

Unknown Speaker  32:55
so it was kind

Speaker 1  32:57
of interesting that I that I was even attracted to him because part of my

Unknown Speaker  33:07
you want the short answer or whichever you kind of have to take a little detour and

Speaker 1  33:16
go answer. I've always had a really sour or bad attitude towards for profit, business and money making. And I'm not sure exactly why I picked up Robbins he grew up on the mission field for me as a kid this whole life. I look at these money hungry business owners and

Unknown Speaker  33:42
just like

Speaker 1  33:44
that's not the way you should do it. Let's go help people. And I've I've come a long way in that as well. And then understanding almost to the point now where I think I think businesses should be the ones that step up in the world and actually bring about change. Administrators have their place, but that was supposed to be a three way stop right there and this one I think company's gonna go gaga amazing stuff two companies, Canada. Anyway, so So my mindset at that still at that point when I came across grin was like, money's bad. Or lots of money has been good enough to live. His whole philosophy was

Unknown Speaker  34:45
that's a poverty mindset.

Speaker 1  34:48
And that's been you are robbing your family and your community and whatever of abundance and so he get off your butt and get to work. It's It's your duty. It is your duty to be successful. And he has power that power that it's not success is not as nice to have or some rich dude that has success. Success is your duty to serve everybody around.

Unknown Speaker  35:21
But then he would always have like this. He got the attempt to Church of Scientology. But he had always had this kind of like I don't know if I could do and how he did

Speaker 2  35:37
it like my money. I don't know if you've ever watched his bits and pieces but imagine who's got my money who's got my money? You know, he's like, you know, walking around his bins and he's, you know, getting in his G was 60 by an hour or so. Later on a bigger biggest private jets you could buy who's got my money? Someone's got my money today I'm headed to Houston to buy some deals you know? Those just money money my like, huge focus on getting rich and he would back it up with with success is your duty

Unknown Speaker  36:18
so that you can help people. So I don't even know why at

Speaker 2  36:22
that point. It was such an extreme departure from my poverty mindset. And I think maybe I was like needing to be balanced shopping. So I just got with him and I started reading his books TEDx book. Like I want to do these principles and ultimately took me away from Krishna ministries.

Unknown Speaker  36:42
Because I was like, you know, I

Speaker 1  36:43
gotta take a break from ministry and go make a bunch of money clean up all my debt, get things in order. And then if you know things are good, then I can maybe come back to ministry or whatever. But he was a huge hustle, hustle hustle. If you see any of his fans

Unknown Speaker  37:05
I can read it all and there's one

Speaker 1  37:06
thing you know, Scalia said he was a client of ours.

Unknown Speaker  37:10
And I had

Speaker 1  37:12
no idea that he was even a fan and then on his on his computer into next

Unknown Speaker  37:19
Should I say something or not?

Speaker 1  37:22
But he was like the the standard fan of Grant Cardone grant walks around all the time. He's constantly on his phone like he does all this phone right here. He's calling people he's making deals and at least on the videos. In real life, it's probably different but he's always like this always got on speakerphone making the deals, making the deals. He's always talking to somebody, you know, negotiating. And this guy was just about the same thing. Gotta go, gotta go just hustle, hustle, hustle it

Speaker 1  40:06
I think that when he heard is you had a little bit of that with Grant Cardone. Or you had that with Grant Cardone. And here you have the almost the inverse, where you're like, I don't really want to follow this guy and yet there's a whisper of a prompting here. And so

Unknown Speaker  40:26
I will go

Speaker 1  40:29
into this with the freedom not to lock myself in like I did in the past, but with the freedom where if He leads me in and leads me back out, I'm okay I'm not going to hold myself to something that I shouldn't have myself. So I think that I find it interesting that you go on this journey and you find these guys and you discover that oh, wait, like, there actually is a reason that I was drawn to them and this stuff goes just deeper than what it appears from the outside. And there's also a pretty good chance following that journaling exercises that this process and self drilling exercises themselves are pulling out his his voice in a more clear way. For himself. Yeah, he was saying I mean, Ireland has kind of hinted strongly had to ask, continues to ask my journal because he said at all of his like his peer group with all the coaching that he's ever received, that's always been the one habit that you have to form as a leader is journaling. To be able to clarify your

Speaker 3  41:59
thoughts and think through things properly. And then

Speaker 1  42:04
I think I was halfway into like the first video of Brendon was beginning of the year. He said the exact same thing he said, Go to any coaching program is worthwhile.

Unknown Speaker  42:16
Anybody that has an

Unknown Speaker  42:44
I don't enjoy

Speaker 1  42:48
lugging a paper saying around all the time and whatever keeping track gets lost. So this is all digital.

Speaker 2  42:59
I know that's not for retention wise it doesn't actually work is good, but I'm not really worried about that right now. I just want to get in the habit

Unknown Speaker  43:17
of not a

Unknown Speaker  43:22
are those notebooks those no

Unknown Speaker  43:28
no the no to mark them ally with loved ones

Unknown Speaker  43:33
though the they had their run for a while.

Speaker 2  43:39
Dotzler like the dark or that became a different competitive range for a lot of those gains. There you gotta get individually

Unknown Speaker  43:56
I'm not a mall scheme guy.

Unknown Speaker  43:58
They're good. I mean, they're cool

Unknown Speaker  44:04
perhaps overpriced.

Unknown Speaker  44:11
Yeah, what was that one that's like there's always these

Speaker 3  44:13
people coming out with like, here's the journaling thing. That's perfect.

Speaker 2  44:17
But was it the atomic habits or relative atomic habits. There's one that was like this. It's like a grid journal with like dots in the corners. Instead of lines for the grid was like some kind of special direction directing your eyes or something

Unknown Speaker  44:41
so I guess now I

Unknown Speaker  44:48
the decision I feel like I need to make may be as opposed to a lot of things life direction.

Unknown Speaker  44:56
But it feels black and white and that is a talk to

Speaker 4  45:07
Mr. Mast name

Speaker 3  46:47
In Life Ministries plans, and then the other days he's trying to develop an online opening up to anybody anywhere in ministry to do I'm not sure if you'd call it coaching probably or counseling just to make sure

Speaker 5  47:07
that he does have some marketing experience fundraising in the space. And so he would, like he reached out to me and was like, What do you feel like you need her?

Speaker 3  47:26
And it was right. Yeah, right at the beginning of the year as well. I was like, I'm looking for somebody. So it seems like like that would be a really good

Unknown Speaker  47:36
connection.

Unknown Speaker  47:38
It was like $125 an hour. And he could do sessions on demand.

Speaker 6  47:44
Whenever Brendon Burchard thing was like, that was one of his selling points, because I'm the guy that I was. I wasn't threatening but I was

Speaker 3  47:59
the guy that was gonna do the 12 week curriculum that he was saying, there's a difference between doing a proven probably curriculum coaching system to get you to a certain spot rather than just random. He call it random counseling. Coaching without any kind of you just kind of get up call on like, what do you feel in the works or something? It's it's pitch selling point. think both of those would be valuable for me. I do understand that a little bit like because I can't see James and I get on a call. It's kind of where should we go now? what's bugging me and is that helpful? And will it actually guide me or take me to the next level?

Unknown Speaker  49:02
Have more Well what are the good parts of this and what are the good parts and what are the good parts of that and what are the good parts it's not you know it's subject binded to something new but not so open Do not forget the mystical That way, you don't have to work hard when your time. But I just, I compare I quickly compare it to my child and I'm like, I worked hard that he's like, What am I teaching my kids? That's a fair question. Should they be working hard? They should or they should. I know. But maybe even just be on working hard. It's like what? When he thinks of trailing dad and learning a skill from his dad, what is he learning? Very much. nothing tangible, I should say. I would hope he's picking up character traits. But there's not a tangible element there's all kinds of ways this problem can be solved. One of them is will will one of these is send me the invoice later. I'll send you the invoice later. One of them is go find a handyman that needs just a small smidgen. Nothing much. Small smidgen is marking smarts. Ah, okay, go ahead and come over. I have a friend of mine kind of like this. I don't know if he needs marketing smarts. He's like this. He's like, Oh, I don't know what he is. 70s Maybe I'm trying to get him to come over to your house projects because I'm like that's bad for American community too many house if you can find somebody like that, like let's just pick on somebody fill that needs. You mean for them? Yeah, yes. Yeah. You can give them some marketing, some kind of smoking something that it doesn't take much but boy, you look like a genius because they have absolutely nothing and they come over. You're comfortable having him around your family, having having your boys around and they're okay with that. You say hey, look, you know, Neil. Neil, come on, and go help Neil with his whatever it is become a greenhouse. Totally dude. I mean, I've already given you that'll be $1,000. Already he's already trading His Word. On the old house generating self dot taken into another level, another level Yeah. You might you might just do it this place was right here. Oh, there's cops out there. Oh, oh. Wait, he wants to the easiest job so what do you need to go for time? Chat I have my time with you. You noticed right. Anything else so we'll do it. And what's the next 32nd That's it. Time because people were asking us


Transcribed by https://otter.ai