Speaker 1  00:00
I call is being recorded. I'll be quiet now. All right,

Speaker 2  00:08
how's everybody today? Good. Wow. So y'all remember how we did this last time, it's the same exercise. This is the this is the have a good time telling stories tall. We actually saw I had a bunch of questions written and beyond that we could just talk about other things. But we got through the majority of the questions last time. So now we're kind of moving on to some follow up things. Let's just try to pick up where we left off a little bit. So let's start with this one. So I would like somebody to tell us the entire process of building a shed and try to tell it like, I don't know, like you're telling a child right? Don't Don't think that you're speaking about marketing and business so much, but just like what is the whole experience and operation of building a shed? What do you do?

Speaker 1  01:10
So you are you want to have the story about how you build a shed like I would be telling it to a three year old, a nine year old or a 13 year old.

Speaker 2  01:22
Let's try summer nine and 13. So all enough that they understand English and know what a tool is, and write all the things that make sense, but not not an adult, a young person.

Speaker 1  01:32
Well, okay, I don't know exactly what you're looking for. But let me do about a minute. And then I'll stop and see if it's what you're looking for. So the first thing you do is you to build a shed is the sheds, you know, we build them inside a building, which is good, then we can build them during the day. Not not, I guess we can start really early if we want, we have lights. And if we can do build sheds, whatever the weather, that's actually one reason a lot of people like to build sheds is because you can work inside and you can do construction, and it can be climate controlled. So we build chairs inside. And so we've obviously started at the bottom and we lay all the runners on the floor, the just literally lay these timbers down on the concrete. And then we get the floor joists, which so let me just tell you what a floor joist is the runners go the long way. So we're building a 10 wide but 16 foot long shed. So we laid down for runners on the floor, the 16 foot way and then a floor joists is a two by six which is a P board that goes the other way. Sorry for the phone ring. Right? No problem. The framing members go the other way. So we lay one down on a ledge on top of these runners every 16 inches all the way down to the other end. And then we get a two besides that we call them band boards and they go on the side like they close off all the the ends and we nail them into the sides to keep everything to keep the floor joists in place. Is this kind of what you're looking for something different.

Unknown Speaker  03:25
On You're doing great.

Unknown Speaker  03:26
That's perfect. Yeah.

Speaker 1  03:29
And we key point is we use ring shank nails. Now what is the ring shank nail? Well, arranging nail is a nail with it's not a smooth nail. It's got little grooves in it so that when you shoot it into piece of wood and it tries to back out, think of a fishhook if you have a smooth official like back when I was little we went down to the creek and we didn't have fish hooks so we took a pin like Mama's had in there coverings. And we we bend them you know and we could kind of catch a fish here and there but they did they never smooth so they came out really easy like so this is like barbs on the nails. And the reason this is important when you do sheds is because these we move these sheds around and when you move a shed they flex. So you pick up the one end of the shed that should say straight as an arrow, no, they actually bend and flex and every time that happens, those nails kinda like to work their way out. So that's why it's important to use ring signals. A lot of people don't it's a very bad idea a smooth nails a little bit cheaper and you can save a few bucks on it but in the long run you really want a portable building to be built with ring shank nails. Now, next we put the floor on it. And we just lay sheets of plywood down on top of the floor joists and it's all Tongue and Groove. Now that's pretty important. Why? Well, if you don't have to have a tongue and groove floor, you're going to have little cracks between the splices and you can have bugs and stuff coming into your building. I know. I don't think anybody no matter how green they are in appreciate having wildlife like bugs inside the building. We use tongue and groove flooring. So let's talk about Lux guard immunity. If you're really a discriminating customer, locks guard, it's not for everybody. I think I did that sales pitch the other day. So I'll do it again. But one thing a lot of people don't know about the lock scar floor is there's two layers of flooring underneath a lot of scar floors. So we start off with a layer of of sheeting, half inch USB, and we put it down on top of the floor joists. And then we put a second layer of three quarter inch, they go to USB with tongue and groove edges. And we put it on top of the half inch. So that the reason we do this is to stagger the splices none of the splices line up. And so we put the locks guard on top of this and then when we move that, that shed it flexes and stuff. The double layer of flooring keeps that floor from flexing at the seams. Because there's a piece of plywood right above it with no seams in it and it keeps that floor super stiff. Otherwise, your left guard flooring is going to have ridges in it. Okay. And what a lot of people don't know is that gives you a three quarter plus a half inch is an inch, it's actually an inch and eight because this stuff is a little undersized and inch and an eighth thick floor. So if you buy the lodestar floor, you're getting a really really heavy floor. And then we build the walls. Build the wall, we do the same thing we did on the floor we use these wane free to befores to make a real nice clean look on the inside. Make sure you don't have wood that's full or not and that could have weak spots in it is that's why we use plain free lumber. And then we shoot these walls together the studs every 16 inches with these ring shaped nails. And then when we go to cover the walls, there's several different things we use. We use Merseyside which a lot of people are using nowadays. And if we use smart side we put the smart side on top of the walls. And then we fasten it with ring shank nails. Not everybody uses ring shaped nails on the smart side. But most people don't use ring shank nails on the the structure itself we think it's very important we believe it's good to invest of couple extra dollars. And then we put the smart side on the walls. We lift up the walls we fasten the walls to the floor. Any questions so far? Should I speed up slow down?

Speaker 2  08:21
This is really good. The only thing I would say is this could be a robotic manufacturing process the way you're saying it because you haven't said any people's names or position like is there what do you call these folks? Are they contractors are they is Jim and Bob as the manager is? Does that make any sense? I just want and there may not be an answer to that question but if you can tell a story with some people in it that would help

Matthias Miller  08:46
as well. Even better with people

Speaker 1  08:50
I mean like Jim lays out the flooring Bob puts it puts the runners in

Speaker 2  08:56
anything or how I'm sure that these guys have been doing this for a long time so they probably do a lot of the work without you know double checking or whatever but I would kind of think I now mind you I don't feel the shed so I might be leading you down the wrong path but I'm kind of picturing like a house construction project there's probably the architect and the the guy that has the blueprints and the engineers and the general contractor right and and maybe that totally doesn't apply here. But if it does, give me some of those human detail

Speaker 1  09:31
so the the issue is we have a couple of different shops. And I mean if if I'm if I tell people that Bob lays out the floor joists it wouldn't be entirely accurate because in some places Bob does it in some places builders in some places John does in some places Tim does it. That's fine you and what do you call when you want to go into detail as in we have, here's how many shops we have. And like that

Speaker 2  10:05
we ended up. That's great info by the way, and maybe we'll ask that later. But no, it's alright, I don't want to confuse you too much, why don't you return back to the main storyline. And for those other details later,

Speaker 1  10:17
so I let me just fill in a little bit. So we have, we have two crews that build these sheds. And the first crew does, like building a shed is kind of in two phases we have framing and finishing. So in framing, we have there's two guys doing the framing. I'm just looking at one shop the shop I'm in here, and they do the framing I don't know if they want me to use their names or not. But it's, it's

Unknown Speaker  10:58
Josh, and boy, this is embarrassing. Now, we just took a bunch of people out of the shop

Speaker 1  11:12
the story doesn't work very well that way, let's just say there's two guys that do the framing. And then when the building is done being framed, which we're almost done framing the building in our other talk and then it goes to the second section of the shop and in that section is shop is the finish section and enter the finish section. And we have guys that finish them and finishing is putting the paint on it or, and the trim and the roof. And typically we have about three guys in the framing section and three guys in the finish section. So we're going back to the other one we put the smart side on the walls we lifted the walls we fasten the wall to the bottom we do all 404 walls like this. And while the walls are on the floor, we've we're framing in the doors and the windows and then we put the smart side on top of the whole wall, fasten it and then we take a router and we cut out the doors and windows on the on the floor. And then we lifted the walls we put the next step is we while that is happening one of the guys is making the rafters I don't know how like the rafter machine is just a little contraption you put a piece of board on and you hit a button and there's a couple of miter saw has come flying down and cut angles on both sides. And then we have in a hydraulic press that presses a plate onto the rafters and then the rafters are all done by the time the guys are ready for them and then the rafters get set on top of the walls. The rafters obviously go up in the middle and make a peak. And then next step is we put sheeting on top of the wall on top of the rafters and we fasten it with actually staples. I don't know that we want to brag about that because even though it is the best possible way to fasten roof sheeting, there's people that think staples are junky. And then that concludes the framing part of the building. So then the building goes to the finish section and in the finish section, they spray paint on it and they build the doors and install the doors with the hinges put in screws install the windows, and then they have a paint room and then they paint the trim whatever color the trim is supposed to be. And that's one thing that we actually do different than some people some people just throw the trim on. They're all in one motion, paint the whole building all in one motion. And then they take a roller and they just roll the top surface of the trim. And then you kind of get that quick pop of color but if you look up close you can see that the trim is not actually painted you lose that real authentic look because that's not the way they do your house or your barn. So we paint the trim separately install the trim, install the windows and then install the roof and the roof of course you can do the we put tar paper on the roof which is important to take care of condensation we only do that for metal roofs and there's technical stuff we don't need to get into but it's not necessarily a series on Shingle Roof even though some people think it is a And then on the metal roof, we either we put screws into it with rubber washers, or if you want to upgrade to Elite Guard roof, I think we talked about that last time, you can do the leaker roof. So there's two variations to this process. See that we do everything Yeah, we installed the doorknobs, all the hardware, clean out the inside. And then the building is ready to go out the door be ready to be delivered. Now two variations to this are instead of SmartSide, we may put vinyl siding on the exterior. And this is actually something that a lot of people need to match that home because there's a lot of vinyl siding homes out there. And vinyl siding is is maintenance free. And very few shed builders offer the vinyl siding. And the reason for it is it's

Speaker 1  15:59
harder to do. And we've chosen to focus on providing our customers with the option to do metal siding, which and the reason a lot of shade builders don't like it is because you have to sheath the whole building with OSB just like smart sight. But then instead of just squirting paint on it, you actually have to go all the way over it again with with vinyl siding. So in that case, when the building gets to the finish section, instead of getting paid on it, we're putting metal siding on all the walls and the gable ends. The third variation could be the perma guard. metal siding, which we call our Designer Series building as perimeter siding on it. And in that case, there's almost nobody out there offering that very, very, very, very, very, very few shareholders are offering this and this is we don't think I'll go into the details of why this is the best idea actually. But it's the same process as vinyl. The OSB goes solid sheeting goes on the walls. It's framed just like the other buildings. And then when it goes to the actually, the metal siding is while the wall is on the floor, we put the OSB on the wall, and then we put the metal siding on top of it. And now okay.

Speaker 3  17:29
Can I ask you a quick question? I'm taking notes. I'm taking notes and I want to ask this as a question. Because you offer vinyl siding as an option. And that makes me think of the following sentence. I want to make sure that it's true to say that, you know, for those for those of you that find this important, yes, we can make your shed look like your house. Is that a fair statement to make? True to make? Okay, yeah. Okay, that's a that'll be a powerful thing. Good.

Speaker 1  18:03
Great. Yep. Thanks for that. And just expound on that for 13 seconds. SmartSide is a great product. It looks good. A lot of people are choosing it but it does not match your home. You may not want to say it like that. But it is helpful to know that the siding that 90% of the sheds, people are using for sheds actually doesn't match your home because homes don't have SmartSide on

Speaker 3  18:31
right and I mean theoretically if somebody comes to you with wood siding that you don't have but they give you the siding will you use it? I'm just curious.

Speaker 1  18:42
We will even though I don't know that at this point. We want to advertise that.

Speaker 3  18:47
Fair enough. But yeah, I'll just use a statement like in most cases if it's important to you we can make your shed look like your house in most cases like yeah, that would be a fair statement. I think

Unknown Speaker  19:01
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  19:03
without going overboard Yeah, sorry. I just wanted to

Speaker 1  19:10
somehow we want to you know offer all this stuff but ultimately let people know that like the ultimate material is these parameters at perfect which is the Designer Series go into that one as deep as you want to go but it would be scary to tell me to go as deep as possible. Because you might be smelling bacon before I'm done in

Speaker 3  19:51
I just added the best and it's it's, you know what's going to hold up to the I believe I have most of what I need with regard to how Good firm regard is

Speaker 1  20:02
paying Are you had that taken by it are KY n AR. Anyway, the paint system we talked about the payment system

Unknown Speaker  20:19
not now.

Speaker 1  20:25
So this the metal before we get to the paint system, the metal is a 20 gauge metal, which is a very heavy duty, it's not something that's going to it's not 10 Lazy, it's not going to dent easily, it's not going to wave and buckle at you. But the paint system is really the meat of sorry for my printer being so loud here.

Unknown Speaker  20:55
Out Loud on the recording, recall

Speaker 1  21:01
the paint system is is really what is the most important with any metal siding. Actually, before we go to the paint system, let's just talk about just the aesthetics like steel has always been the the most well, you want me to spend one minute five minutes, or 15 on this? Five Okay, so this is just facts, I'm not going to try to do a sales pitch just back commercial buildings. Never use SmartSide or vinyl siding. Hahaha, last time I was in Manila, there was even there, they didn't use Farsight on those skyscrapers. They only use wood, steel, rock and glass. Rock is not practical for portable buildings. So that leaves us with glass and rock. The reason they only use that stuff on skyscrapers is because it needs to be maintained. And that's the only thing that actually holds up, we got to use steel. We started with steel. And we made it look good. People are love steel. But they're sick and tired of buildings that look like carports and hog barns. And that's what steel typically looks like. So what we did is we made steel look like wood. It's so authentic that people get it real close to it, you'll see rubbing it with their fingernails trying to figure out what in the world it is like the prettiest woody ever saw. And then the paint system the villain with paint is chalk and fade. And that's why when you go down the road, you look right and left you see Mello Roos, first of all they look like whole barns, and the red roofs turned pink. And the green roofs turn like a real Lamy nasty looking color. And it's because of you run your hand across the top of a piece of faded metal, you get that real white stuff. And that's chalk is your paint breaking down, the sun broke down the paint. So there's kind of our paint, it was introduced in the 1970s. It is the best paint system that was ever created the farm. It's what the World Trade Centers wearing. It's what John Deere puts on their tractors. I think I'll need to research that again. But the challenge with it is it's really, really soft. So a lot of people don't like to use it because it's just not user friendly. You take it out on the job, you rub it around and the paint rubs off. So what we did is we started out with kind of 500 which is the best paint out there a lot of people don't use them because it's more expensive. You can save a buck if you use polyester. We started out with kind of 500 and then we put an ink overlay on top of it to make it look like wood and then we cover it with a clear coat on top of that and that is to protect the finish like while during construction. It's really really tough

Unknown Speaker  24:45
it sounds a lot better if we make this turn this into a sales pitch but that's good enough

Speaker 2  24:56
for you say yeah That is super good. I'll just ask this when you say it sounds a lot better to turn to a sales pitch to me like, briefly key and on whatever the very best part of that would be. That makes it sound better.

Speaker 1  25:12
Boy, briefly key is what's hard. It would be saying the same thing, it would just be thought through and it would flow. Like. I mean, if I was sales pitching to somebody, I would talk about warranties. And why the warranty is not the important thing, like everybody wants to sell you a 40 year paint warranty on your roof. Well, the 40 year paint warranty is warranted against chalking and fading more than what they say, which is an incredible amount. So, shingles have a lifetime warranty. What's important is not the warranty it is the amount of chalk and fee that you're going to have. And this is simply the best thing out there. And that actually chalk and fade does hit a word discovering chalk and fade hits a chord with a very high percentage of people a lot more so than we expected. When you say this, yo, yeah, a faded roof. If I was doing marketing, I would make sure to have a wish you could have, I should actually fans you. If you give me an email, I'll have we just finished up a brochure catalog for leak guard and perma guard. And I'll have it I'll have it a digital version sent to you. That would be helpful. Or I can send it to you. Yeah. I'll pass it on.

Unknown Speaker  27:05
That's fine. Synthesize somebody the easiest. Okay. We'll do that.

Unknown Speaker  27:11
And it talks about all this stuff.

Speaker 2  27:14
As a side note, if any other ideas ever come to you that are like this something to send us something else to say about it, it'd be fantastic. If you stick it in an email and send it over to Matthias. We'll take anything and everything.

Speaker 3  27:30
Yeah, I'm hearing just Jonathan and and gave, I'm hearing a theme in the shed building, I'll just say it out loud. So you can know what's in my head. I'm hearing the theme that you know, the ring gauge nails, the permit guards to guard the the I have jotted down the paint the pet kind or paint that they all cost a little more a tiny little bit more. But this is what it means to get it right the first time. So it keeps like I can I can write it in such a way that it keeps a nice price buffer in the users mind. Like, you know, yeah, this shed costs more than the one down at Home Depot. But but this is why this is why it's better. And it's better to get it right the first time like that. That thought is, you know, these these things that we're hearing about how the sheds are built built into a thought like that is what I'm saying?

Speaker 1  28:27
Well, I like that I agree. I'm not a salesperson. But every once in a while I do get to talk to a customer. And I like to send this message that well, instead of saying, Yeah, you know, there's a little bit more expensive, but you're getting this and this and this and this, I like to use this that hey, I mean, if you're looking for just the most economical thing to keep your stuff in the dry and something that will, you know, hold up something like a carport is backing up, I'm doing this sales pitch. Typically when I'm selling like a pole barn, with our metal on the carport is just hard to beat. I mean, they're just the most economical option. And immediately people say, Oh, but I don't want that. I don't want that look. Well, at that point. It being more is no longer a problem. It becomes why people want to buy from me. If I say yeah, the building, you know, it's four to five tiles. And they say, Yeah, but I can get one down the street for for 29. And I start arguing about why my mind's better that thing is framed completely backwards. So I don't know if you can we Something like that.

Speaker 3  30:02
It makes me it makes me smile because I'm an old time flea market vendor when I was a kid, I would hang out there in the showroom. Hey, you want to cover your stuff cheap get a tarp?

Speaker 1  30:14
There you go. For many years, I mean, we've for years, we've been pursuing little niche stuff like this like the perma guard, the lead guard, the magnets, the Lux guard, the security screws, the rafter ties, the poly ramps, we've been going down this path just as hard as we can coming up with just something else, some nails. And the people selling the sheds for us. Tried and are still trying to just keep going down the price path. It just doesn't work very well.

Unknown Speaker  31:10
I agree completely.

Speaker 2  31:22
Super good. Is that kind of the end of the shed building process then? Or is there anything else to add to that?

Unknown Speaker  31:31
I mean, we could anything within that.

Speaker 3  31:33
Anything you do on delivery that special? Let me just throw that in there anything you do during the delivery process that that's a little above and beyond what everybody else does. Perchance

Speaker 1  31:45
There is however I'm not sure how valuable it is. I mean, our our ratio of damage compared to the average is way low. I guess we could say something about we do our scheduling and stuff in house like to think that everybody says that, you know, that's a little bit hard to say that special like are taking special care of your lawn and mean the meal, you could talk about the meal every truck has has a mule on it. And the mule is this little machine, you could probably look them up at Cardinal cardinal.com or something Cardinal No, manufacturing.com is probably what it is. You know anything about a mule? Or shall I talk about a mule. Give me

Speaker 2  32:54
I do want to talk about the meal. But let me just say this, I bought one shed in my life here in Texas. And it actually was built by a Mennonite company that does operation kind of similar to yours. And they use the mule when they delivered it. And like everybody in my family, my wife, the kids myself, we were totally impressed by that thing. So I think it might be hard to convey in marketing, but it is a little unusual. And it does a fantastic job because my perception of it was that the machine was able to position the shed very quickly, very easily in a tight space with just one guy doing the delivery. And we were totally amused with the process as a buyer, so like Dave, go ahead and say that you want to block the machine.

Speaker 1  33:43
I mean, that's, that's a testimony, I've never bought a shed in my life. And I've never had a meal on my property. So everything I'm saying probably means less than that. It's just a little machine that real tiny like a big lawn mower that grabs a shed, and it'll take your shed is you put a set of wheels under the one side and it'll grab the shed on the other side and it turns the whole shed into a trailer of sorts. And you can go through your lawn, it doesn't tear your lawn up as the head that needs to be set up differently because it can still tear it up a little bit just like your lawnmower can if you turn down it and it'll just put the shed in tight spots and keep the truck out of your yard which is always a good thing. huh that's about it.

Speaker 3  34:39
Okay, I'll throw this in for the for the group to hear something that Gabe said earlier on in that the factories that the quote unquote factories are all pretty small because there's you know, many dealers are part of the coop I don't have to talk about that part. But, but we build sheds close to you. Like you know We have several places where we build sheds, you know, in small batches in small groups to get it right. That means, like, I translate that say, look, the guys built in your shed are your neighbors, they live in your community, they live near you, they're not going to screw up the delivery of your shed, because they're gonna have to see you at the Piggly Wiggly. Maybe, maybe not to Piggly Wiggly, but, you know, the fact that they're built fairly locally is going to help make that argument for delivering the shed. Right, is what I'm saying.

Speaker 1  35:32
Yeah, I can see that. Another thing I think that just popped into my mind maybe worth saying is, is the lug scarred. We developed a wincy we manufacture it. I mean, it's made by our equipment in China. But I don't know that we really want to brag about China a lot.

Speaker 3  35:55
No, not a word that we are worried about we

Speaker 1  35:59
we developed it. Have you funny to tell them if they find a chopstick in it or something? That's because it comes from China? No, we developed it. The perma guard and the leak guard we also developed it and we manufacture it in house that might you can maybe weave something out of that. What

Speaker 3  36:21
are those again? What which two are those again? So I cut that down gate?

Speaker 1  36:26
The leak guard which is the roof without holes. And the perma guard is the metal siding that looks like wood and last like steel. Those two we both developed and manufacturing in house.

Speaker 3  36:45
Understood and Lux guard is developed by you but but I can work that so that we can skip that skip by it without lying about it. Yeah, I can say that

Speaker 1  36:55
right. I got a good laugh one day about some of some guy was spinning a story about their Asian engineers created this. So Wow. Made in China.

Speaker 3  37:11
I mean, I've come to learn I need to say this out loud. Because where I live, I've come to learn that, that the more you travel, the more you learn that it's humans we're talking about not China folk, not Americans, not Germans. They're humans. And you know, us. Some humans want to do things good. And some don't. That's all there is to it.

Speaker 1  37:33
Yeah, my experience with manufacturing in China is actually very good.

Speaker 2  37:46
Want to ask ginger? Is ginger, the only salesperson on this call? Right now? Think she is if she's available, it's like her microphones on mute. But I'd like to ask her out of everything that gates so from the point of view of a salesperson out of everything that gave said today was any that knew like or do you have any insights that came to you that you'd like you didn't know the company built things that way or something new to you? Or and do you have any follow up questions based on anything that struck you while Gabe was talking over the last while?

Speaker 4  38:24
Now, I mean, I pretty much as Ben's been delivering for a long time. So I know kind of a little bit more than what I shouldn't probably but um I feel like the delivery part that he spoke about, you know, with my husband in general he he goes an extra mile to make sure that the customers are happy that everything looks good on each company. I know all drivers are different, but I know that with my

Speaker 2  39:14
Is it just me or do we keep losing Ginger's audio?

Unknown Speaker  39:18
I'm not hearing some of that either.

Speaker 2  39:22
Can you hear me? Hear you now he's dropping out for like 10 seconds at a time.

Unknown Speaker  39:27
I don't know why.

Speaker 2  39:30
Try again for us. If you don't mind. Just repeat whatever you just said a moment ago.

Speaker 4  39:34
Okay, I'm just saying that I felt like the driver. One of the drivers that we use is my husband and he said do this for a long time. And he always goes an extra mile to make sure that customers are happy. Like they were saying he knows the products he knows the stuff I think that that makes a difference when they know how to explain product and explain how everything works themselves so that that way that customers are seeing that is not just the dealer that's talking to them everybody they deal with knows and everybody knows the products.

Speaker 3  40:12
Perfect Ginger, Ginger at your convenience. If you wanted to maybe have a chat with your husband, if you want to take him out to dinner, I'll cover it. Maybe get some stories out of him about things that he's done. You know, hey, had to take down this extra piece of fence but boy, that's what it took to get it right like if he has any if he has any, you know remembrances or good stories about about good deliveries. I don't want to hear so much about bad ones I can I can, I can fill in those blanks. But if he's got a couple of little stories for me, that doesn't need to be much that would help.

Speaker 4  40:49
Well, I can tell you that I would be careful what you ask for. Because he will talk your ear off. And he like I said he's been doing this for a long time. I know I actually just spoke with the customer today myself because he just wants a simple eight by 12 building. However, the fencing that he has, is a special type of wooden fence I can't remember the name that he called it now but I said well I said my husband is the one that's going to be delivering your building if you you know go through this and I said I've he's been known to take buildings up and over fencing I said but it depends on how wide and how tall and things like that I said we can easily get him on the phone and I said because I have him at my disposal which some people don't have that but I do because when I call he's going to answer like Hey what's up you know so I called we spoke about it they kind of they're going to do a site check to make sure to see if he's able to do up and over a fence if not it's gonna have to be like a site build so I mean I've got stories from him left and right over that kind of stuff.

Speaker 3  42:07
You know Okay, all right. Yeah, just if you just want to you know, light up your voice recorder on the phone and you know, give him 1015 minutes to just let some of the good ones out that that would help out if he can do it.

Unknown Speaker  42:22
Okay, I will try my best

Unknown Speaker  42:26
perfect and the funnier the better.

Unknown Speaker  42:29
Yeah, yeah, there's plenty of those

Speaker 2  42:35
as painful as they are to live through mistakes and faux pas are sometimes the funniest right like you try extra extra extra hard not to break something and right at the end you chip the corner off or something like that can be pretty funny.

Unknown Speaker  42:48
Yeah

Speaker 2  42:52
so ginger one last question about everything Gabe said today is there anything you want to add to that like so? Anything that you as a salesperson talking to the customers and you'd be telling them about two point about two point buildings about the way they're built quality? Anything at all anything that comes to mind that you want to add on to what it was already said?

Unknown Speaker  43:13
And no, I don't think so. Okay,

Speaker 3  43:18
any surprises? Any surprises from the customers like you know, if we go back over what's been said so far, is there any like the magnet feature? Is that a really big deal to cut? Is there anything that would surprise somebody who doesn't sell sheds? That customers really care about? Like boy do they like those gabled roofs or the magnets or you know, any any surprises hiding in there ginger?

Speaker 4  43:45
Um, I think most people are just they liked the quality that they see. There, they like that they're Amish Ville. They like where they're coming from. And they are amazed at the quality because I have somebody down the road here and they go look at their buildings and they come back and look at mine and they're just like wow, you can definitely see the difference and I think that that's the quality of the quality of what we sell is what sells you know what I mean?

Speaker 3  44:20
Yeah, you can really see the difference I like I'm picking up on that as a good pitch point. Good.

Speaker 1  44:27
Yeah. One thing that I've discovered just with with customers is all of these little things that we do that other people don't the love scar, the perma guard, the leak guard the the security screws, the the rafter ties, the Mr. Key one, the lugs guard, the perma guard, the leak guard, the poly ramps. The I missed a key one. I know I did. The magnet The rafter ties are things that if we can, when a customer shows up if all we need to do is show those things to them, and then when they go down the street, they don't see him. And that's what brings people back. So I don't know if in your marketing, if there's a way to somehow quickly show people those things so that when they go somewhere else, they noticed that's missing. Like if we could somehow quickly educate people on, you know, how things are normally done, and in how we do when they go somewhere else. They're gonna say, Oh, yeah.

Speaker 3  45:43
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Jonathan, it just popped into my head, I'm going to take a note, we can make a, we can make a shed buying checklist. You know, here's a, here's an eight, eight and a half by 11 checklist that you can bring to all the competitors. And you know, check off whether or not they make good chat. And it will have all of our features. Yeah, we can make, we can make that part of one of the content emails to a shared buying checklist. I like that.

Speaker 1  46:15
So when we go to the competitors, they're gonna leave with no checks on it. Right?

Speaker 3  46:20
Exactly. Yeah. We might give them you know, it's, it's good business to give them two to three check marks, because it just makes us look self serving if we don't, but yeah, that if there's if there's 15, checkmarks, they're only going to get two or three. It's a competitor.

Speaker 2  46:40
Now that in columns in the true point column can already have everything pre checked.

Speaker 5  46:47
Jonathan, could I step in? And question? Alex, go ahead. Cool. Hey, guys, hope you're doing well. My question is, when someone comes to a sales rep. Ginger, you could I think this is more of your area. Can you describe the process of the first steps of what happens when someone says, I like this shed or I want this this type of design? Can you tell me what that process looks like? Do they go over floor plans? Or like do you share for floor plans or different structures? And you kind of help them? Basically guide them through what kind of shed that they're looking for? Or one,

Speaker 3  47:34
ginger? And ginger? Let me throw in, let me throw in as you answer that, you know, it's the first thing you do to pour them a cup of coffee. No, do you get them a Danish? Like, add in any extraneous stuff like that, like what the process is? Feels like for the user? Sorry, got cut, y'all are going over? Yeah, Alex, but that'll help too.

Unknown Speaker  47:55
That's good. Thanks.

Speaker 4  47:58
Um, well, I mean, I don't pour a cup of coffee, that's for sure. But I always try to meet everybody. As soon as they're pulling up, I have a driveway, dinner that goes off when somebody pulls through to the lot. And so doesn't matter what I'm doing. If I unless I'm with a customer, I'm on the phone with one, I immediately walk outside. And I make contact with them. Because that way, if they are just kind of driving through, if they see me, they have to talk to me. They can't just keep driving. You know what I mean, to make the little loop that I have here. So I think that that's a big thing that happens. And then when they tell me they most of the time, I just asked what you are, you have an idea what you're looking for, that kind of go around, if they say yeah, I'm looking for a 12 by 24, or I'm looking at a 14 by 40. Because I have that on my lot. So most people, they see that big building, they come in, they say wow, I didn't know we can do that, you know, you guys could do that. And so I elaborate on that. And they'll say, I don't think I'm looking for something that big. So then the next step would be my neck sizes would be the 12 by 24. And then we just kind of go from there because a lot of people don't really know from what I have gathered, in my month or so of doing this is they really don't know what size they want. So if you if they are interested in something that's bigger, and you just can, if you go to the next size under that, you know, then you can kind of get an idea of what they're what they're thinking, You know what I mean? So, um, so that's kind of how I go by the size and then once we pick the size that they are that they're interested in, then I start talking you know, the flooring, electric are you looking at You know, a specific color, what kind of siding? Are you thinking? You know, that's kind of how I go about it. We do the size first. And then, you know, do you want the design? Or do you want the vinyl D? Are you thinking smart siding? Most people at this moment that I've had are looking at designer metal, or they want the smart siding. So that's kind of has been vinyl. vinyls hit mess with people I think anymore. They would rather go metal, I think. But yeah, that's just me, vinyl. Go ahead. Dave, you want to go ahead and say what that was.

Speaker 1  50:48
I was just gonna say sorry, I think I interrupted vinyl is falling out of favor. Vinyl is no longer what people want. But I think we need to do a good job of educating people on the fact that you live in a vinyl siding house. After all, we haven't been putting vinyl siding on houses since the 1970s. For nothing, it's still there. In your shed, you know, if you want your shed to match your house, we offer vinyl, and nobody else does.

Speaker 4  51:21
Yeah. Now, I do agree with that. Because I know I deal with a lot of HOA things. And if you are if you live in an HOA and you are trying and you have to match your house, then that's typically how they go. But if you are in the country, and you don't have to do that, they don't want it. It depends on where where you're located where they live. I think

Speaker 2  51:56
I unfortunately have to go from the call. But Matthias is going to take it from here in the Thomas. I think Alex has to go as well. Sorry about that. But Thomas and Thyestes and run with it from here.

Speaker 3  52:09
Yeah. And talk to you soon. Jonathan. I want to I want to add in just a question. Because we're talking about vinyl. Is it correct to assume that? Would you rather do vinyl? Is vinyl good for your costs for your profit margins? Or is it just another siding? I want to get a feel for for where vinyl sits and how much you want to use it.

Speaker 1  52:35
Vinyl is good. I mean, we want to do whatever we have to but we want to do the designer metal first of all, we want to do vinyl next. And we want to do smart side last? Got it? I'm not saying okay, that helped me we want yeah. I think you understand? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  53:04
All right. So then jumping into the next step, ginger, once people have kind of taken a look at talking through the flooring, electric color sighting, etc. Where does where does the conversation go from there?

Speaker 4  53:22
A lot of people want to know how fast it can be delivered. And the timeframe. So I always try to discuss, you know, we can if it's something that you see online, it can be delivered a whole lot quicker than it can be. If you're doing a costume, however, the custom waiting for us is so quick to it's really, they're like, Oh, really Okay, three to four weeks. It's not, they're like, well, let's go ahead and do what we want, you know. But you do have those few that come in and are like, No, I want this one and I want it next week, or I want it, you know, in a couple of days. So I discussed that. And then if they want to run numbers, that's when we come inside, I make sure that we I give them quote I give them a picture of what we've quoted. So they have all that. I tried to let them not leave. But a lot of times I have seen that people are coming in, they want a picture, they want a quote, they want to go home, they want to think about it. That's when I get their information, where I have a phone number where I can call the next day and say hey, what are you thinking what are we doing, you know, kind of thing from yesterday. And that has really worked. I mean, I've talked to people with tons of emails and tons of phone calls, you know, that's just what it takes. So and I was mentioned they leave with a card and a PAMP brochure magazine. If they don't sign right then and there

Matthias Miller  55:01
So what percentage of what percentage? Would you say sign then in there? What percentage? Want to think about it overnight?

Speaker 4  55:11
Um, I would say at least 70% want to think about overnight? Well, I want to talk it over with their wife or their husband

Matthias Miller  55:33
are there any of the delay any of the delays there due to financing moving money around anything like that?

Speaker 4  55:41
That's pretty much what it is. They want to decide which way to go. Whether you want to do the rent, whether we just want to pay it, whether we, you know, that kind of thing. And most people aren't going to come in and drop, you know, six or $8,000 without their significant other, not with them, you know, so they're coming to look, they like what they see. But then you have the other person's approval. You know, I went through that the other day for a cottage I have a wife came in at lunchtime, spoke to her sell her on the building, she knew what she was coming back for. She called me within two hours and said, Hey, what time are you leaving today? My husband and I are on our way, are you still there? You know? And they came in has been looked at it? He said, Yeah, let's do it. And they paid half down. You know, so I think when you're especially couples, if one's comment, they're not going to do anything without the other it's very rare that you find somebody that comes in and does it without the other I think

Matthias Miller  56:49
it was a better for you to have one of them come in and so so one and have them so the other is it better for you when the couple comes in at the same time?

Speaker 4  57:01
Well, obviously, when a couple comes in at the same time, it's a little easier because, you know, you've got to you know how to hook both of them, you know, when they come separately, you've you've hooked the one but you don't know if you've hooked the other one. You know? So, most of the time if the wife comes in first and she's hooked, you're good to go. But if a man comes in first in the wife, the wife has a bunch of questions. And she wants to change things out to make things look a certain way and the man is just kind of like you know, this is what I want to just do it you know what I mean? That's just life Yep. Good

Matthias Miller  57:51
for this I guess Thomas if you're if you see questions do you think are we've got sufficient answers for just let me know and we can keep moving? We've been past

Speaker 3  58:04
Yeah, did jot down to do a little bring your spouse you know, I could build that into the email set a little bit met you know, may help may not but it's something we can write about in the emails. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  58:22
So for for people, ginger, especially for you, you have people who are skeptics? Who knows is real and really, really good compared to other sets being mass produced I think, I mean, I think gave touched on a lot of that. I'm curious to know if there's anything that you would add to gauge the answer. And, and also whether any of that was new for you.

Speaker 4  58:48
Um, I mean, I really have anything to add to that. I mean everything is is good in my opinion.

Matthias Miller  59:05
So what holds people back from from purchasing? What's the real problem in the shed industry that truepoint is solving versus what everybody else is doing?

Speaker 1  59:19
Neighbor ginger. We're building a shed that is solves your storage issues, but actually looks good and is going to last. I know that's not super powerful. But we're building you a shed that actually looks good in your yard. And it doesn't look like a whole barn. And it's actually going to last like typically with shares you had to choose between one or the other. You have to buy a 10 Leave the shed cuz that's actually going to last a really long time. But it looks like our port, it looks nasty or you can get a shed that looks really good. But you had to put paint on it every couple of years or it rots.

Speaker 3  1:00:21
I'm sorry, Gabe, let me let me just jump in and use the term hog barn a fair amount. And and I, you know, I'm sorry to say I don't spend a lot of time in North Carolina. Like if we're talking about a derogatory shed. Does the average North Carolina layperson think bad things when they hear the word hog barn? I imagine they do. But I want to confirm that.

Speaker 1  1:00:45
It's it's sarcastic. I mean, carports would be a better would be a better term to use. Because everybody knows what a carport looks like. And it's not good.

Speaker 3  1:01:00
Yeah, and I can add the word bad to carport just to make good insure they think it's a bad thing, like a bad or No, right. Okay. All right. Sorry to cut you off. But that helps

Unknown Speaker  1:01:11
me good.

Matthias Miller  1:01:13
Well, it's not unusual to imagine carports in a mobile home park and have it's not hard to imagine it leaning at a, you know, 15 degree angle. And wondering exactly when this thing's going to come toppling down.

Speaker 1  1:01:29
carports and mobile home parks that's kind of that that's yeah, that's the same thing. Just to feel just

Speaker 3  1:01:37
to confirm, just to confirm, because, you know, I don't I don't like to assume stuff. I'm assuming that you don't sell a whole lot of sheds to mobile home owners. Is that correct? I guess.

Speaker 1  1:01:51
Ah, actually, we do so to mobile home owners agenda you're gonna do? Me Maybe.

Speaker 3  1:01:58
Yeah, cuz I don't want mobile homes in my emails. If I think I'm gonna piss, you know, tick off. You know, shed buyers like Go ahead, ginger.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:09
Um,

Speaker 4  1:02:10
I don't really know how to answer that. I, most the people that I have dealt with so far in Mocksville have their own land, they had their own air. So it's not they're not they're not, you know, they're not adding to trailer parks or whatever. You know, what I'm saying? Their home their home. I'll be

Speaker 3  1:02:40
nicer. I'll be a little nicer to mobile homeowners one way or the other?

Speaker 4  1:02:44
Yeah. Because a lot of a lot of people, I guess maybe in this area, even though they have, I mean, there's a lot of mobile homes that look like homes, that they they make look nice, you know, in homes, but and they, so I wouldn't like you know, completely trashed them. You know, I'm saying?

Speaker 3  1:03:09
Yeah, I'll be nice to mobile homeowners. I mean, hey, I lived in Florida for a long time. I gotta be nice to mobile homeowners. That's half the house.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:18
Yeah, that's true.

Matthias Miller  1:03:23
So I am hearing a distinction, though, between single mobile homeowners and mobile home parks. If that really matters either way, you can go. Go easy. Yeah, that fair?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:35
Yeah, I think so. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:03:38
So who's the who's the blame for this? You know, last long time hardboard I'm kind of seeing like imagining this like little triangle whack a mole of like, pick two of any three and you can have them all except for two point in the middle and you can have almost like a three part Venn diagram but who's to blame for the problems in the shed industry? Is it mass production quick sale

Speaker 1  1:04:07
is its trade depo. But don't know who's to blame? I mean, that sounds like I'm bragging. But what needed to happen? There was no metal shed out. There was no metal siding out there. Specifically designed for sheds. And that's what we did. People were just using hog barn metal or carport, metal sheds. And the reason people had to choose between those two terrible options of having something that's going to rot unless I keep paying on it, or attend lazy carport look just because nobody wanted to Step up and actually design a metal exterior that was actually fresh it. I don't know how marketable that is. So that doesn't really answer your question of who's to blame? I mean, I guess everybody does, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:18
You got this, you got this marketing thing figured out. So

Speaker 1  1:05:31
well, the shed builder, it was easy to just buy off the shelf metal. To build a quick shed instead of that we spent four years developing this product, specifically per ship.

Speaker 3  1:05:53
Alright, let's say I'm looking in the, in the call notes. This next one, I have this one, I have this one from prior notes. You know why true point, you know, how they take care of their customers? I do want to hear potentially from Ginger and or gave about customer service, like how does maybe a couple of customer service stories or what makes you better than the next guy when it comes to customer service after the fact.

Speaker 1  1:06:33
I don't know that I'm the authority on this. But we have everything in house. Like instead of having a logistics, manufacturing here, and then a dealer over there. In a logistics company over there, and then a finance and RTO company over there.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:58
It's all in house.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:03
So the communication is, is much

Speaker 3  1:07:08
better. And just to confirm gave you have I believe last count that I remember is nine, nine. Let's call them companies in the in the true point under the truepoint umbrella. Do they each handle their own service locally? For the sheds that they that they build individually?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:30
No, I know we want to say yes. But no.

Speaker 3  1:07:33
Okay. All right. Well, you know, that's fine. It's just good to know, either way, but so they're handled out of a single branch. Is there in North Carolina?

Speaker 1  1:07:47
Yeah, and I think nine like true point. actual production facilities that produce true point there's 123456. Okay, I think if we were we come up with nine there was we were maybe adding the other brands in as well, the heritage and the new Haas that extra might take it out to 11. That is sick.

Speaker 3  1:08:24
Well, I can I can go with the word several or many years. And you know, we don't need to put a put a fine point on it, but spread throughout the area. But the customer service is okay. I cut I'm sure I cut somebody off you. Yeah, it was you anything special that you could pick up about the customer service above and beyond?

Speaker 1  1:08:51
Just the kind of the regular old stuff, you know. I mean, I believe that our customers are taken care of better than anybody else in the shady industry. But I don't really have anything to wrap your hand around. I mean, everybody says that, like we take care of our customers or customers come first. We're here to serve you. You know, we're why you're why we will judge. But something specific that you can actually

Speaker 3  1:09:34
I'm playing with something in my head game and I'll bounce it off you like because because we're not finding something extra special. And here's one that I kind of made up in my head. So I'll say it out loud and see if we're on the same page look, a lot of companies measure how good they are customer service by how many times they sell sheds. Well we don't mean it that so much because once we build the shed it stays built

Speaker 1  1:10:01
throw that out there. We like we're not Yeah, we don't expect you to come back. Yeah, yeah, we don't want a repeat customer means, you know, we did some bad like it's not like we're selling crackers or anything.

Speaker 3  1:10:22
Yeah, I can I can play with that I think I think we're about covered on the customer service part. Let's say Mateus. I think we got that one I think we covered the next two now gave we kind of covered this but but I'll say it out loud is we can't really talk about tricky if I'm wrong, but we can't really talk about building the sheds out as dwellings. You know, the question is, how can this product be used differently other than the primary focus of storing stuff in the shed? And we understand that a lot of people are making a man caves or, or she sheds or put half in half store the lawnmower and put an office in there. Is there a reason that that we should or should not be talking about the building out into a dwelling part of things?

Speaker 1  1:11:45
I would I would talk about it, I would just be sure. Some little disclaimer and say you know something along the lines of you're gonna want to check with your local building code on the specifics of exactly what you're going to do. But absolutely, let's spread the seed people are doing Mankato.

Speaker 3  1:12:04
Yeah, for some reason, I had it in my mind that there was some kind of legality there. But okay, now I know better. Alright.

Matthias Miller  1:12:10
Tom, what you may be thinking about is there are very strong, there's fairly strong legislation around non discriminatory advertising for dwellings, which means that Google and Facebook will lock down which you can and cannot do in regards to how you market sells dwellings and so on the on the website, anything top of funnel, we absolutely do not want to talk about the possibility that this can be a dwelling, but one started the email sequence. And you can confirm this with Jonathan. But my understanding is once they're in the email sequence, we we can start hitting them hard with, Hey, you can start a business in here, you can have a dwelling you can you can do all of these other things with it when they get mentioned. All right, good.

Matthias Miller  1:13:03
So conversations with prospects and customers, we actually have that underway. And there's a we actually had poor success, being able to talk to prior customers. And so go ahead. That's right, this question. Okay. I think that's actually you. I'm not seeing anything else. Oh, I think there's a few questions up above though, that could be useful. Why don't you show prices online? Does this question come up in sales conversations? And if so, what do you say?

Matthias Miller  1:13:50
Are you asking me, you ginger?

Unknown Speaker  1:13:57
Trying to think well, we don't we don't?

Speaker 4  1:14:08
Well, I would say the reason that you wouldn't want to put a price online is because then they have to call you to have to put in a little bit of work to get the information so you've got their phone number at that point, you can potentially get info where they're from, and then even though they might not be ready at that moment, if you've done you know, your job of getting the information from the customer then you can potentially email them or call them at a later date and have them as a drip or whatever to continue to communicate with them when they're ready to purchase agent from you.

Speaker 3  1:14:49
Just to be clear, just to be clear, I I agree on pricing, where so it's not it's not I personally think it's a good thing because the You know, they have to be sold and explained the different value points to shed because, because if they're pricing it straight against Home Depot shed without knowing any better. Yeah, you know, I didn't want to, I didn't want anybody to think that we were putting that out as as particularly a bad thing. We just wanted to hear from you. Yes. And why? Yeah. And for the record, the, to me, the short answer to that is, look, there's so many options that we offer, it would be hard to nail it down to a number anyway. So that's why we like to have a chat with you because that's how business gets really, you know, like that. Great answer. Okay, good.

Matthias Miller  1:15:44
Well, Jonathan was quite delighted with what with this call again, before we hopped off, I'm sure we'd be grateful for what came up out of this. We, this is tremendously helpful. You guys think if anything continues, shooting them our way, Gabe will be waiting on that brochure from you.

Speaker 1  1:16:06
I'll pass that along. You should have it Matthias. Oh, no, no, actually, you may not. You may not. You may not. It might be tough. All. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:16:18
Sounds good. Good. Appreciate it very much. Okay.

Speaker 3  1:16:24
And just an update for everybody the two sets of emails that I'm working on our what I call the buy me set, you know, the set that's going after folks to get them into the showroom to buy in the shed. And there's another 10 that are more content based. Here's why our sheds are better. Here's why we care like that. So the first set is coming up through review now. So that should be out there pretty quick. And then working on the 10 this week. So I'm I'm anxious to get you know to get everything wrapped up for everybody.

Matthias Miller  1:17:01
exciting. Exciting. Good. Anything else from anybody?

Matthias Miller  1:17:14
Okay, well in that folder up.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:20
Perfect. All right. Thanks for the time, everyone. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai