Speaker 1  00:22
Miss A Hey, sir, let's say if Joel is ready to jump on i

Speaker 2  00:54
i assume I'm back in I Had I briefly forgot, until I heard you talking

Unknown Speaker  01:03
good. Well, that was fun.

Matthias Miller  01:08
I think they're always kind of amazed, but I think they probably work with too many cabinet makers and whatnot. Launcher makers are always, I think, a little bit bored when they actually work with this level of idea people shoot

Speaker 1  01:27
the that was super helpful, so eager to see and anytime we can get Ed and Luke on our projects instead of other people,

Matthias Miller  01:37
or at least spearheading

Unknown Speaker  01:39
just gold. So I can't hear you.

Matthias Miller  01:45
Matthias, I was a funny comment about the copywriter

Unknown Speaker  01:52
that was pretty funny. I kind of think they learned what we want.

Matthias Miller  02:01
Yeah, good. Well, I'm really excited for what this could do, for just general clarity, and yeah, that's why they were pushing forward. So, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  02:15
maybe I'll quickly highlight a few of the goals. Joel and I have a brainstorming 2026, goals, and won't go deep into merit, but we're going to keep scaling there. We're, we think we're close to hitting 1000 credits. Our record used to we used to do about 500 credits a month. This month, we're getting close to 1000 with our new spreaders, and by next year, realistically want to be at 1500 and then probably six months later, at 2000 credits a month. So very excited. That's very exciting. C schools, I'll skip over that. The on solutions goals, we're ending at between eight and 900 this year, up 40% from last 30 to close to 40% from last year up 2.4x from 2021 and 9x from 2019,

Matthias Miller  03:11
so Wow. Well, we had had, I mean, that's even more. I mean, the bigger the number gets, the more the percentage, the more impressive the percentage becomes, that's great.

Speaker 1  03:23
So, and we're targeting planning that 2026, is the first year we break a million. So with everyone all together, we counseled out kind of who it could be and what it might be. And we have a bunch of these are wildly wrong. Some of these are pretty close to right, but, I mean, kind of have it close to that already, and we know that some of these won't. So these are kind of aggressive in some ways, but then we have without any space, I mean, you know, without all the question marks for new projects, etc. So, oh, side note, yes, yes.

Matthias Miller  03:55
Paragons like, why are we working with hostile or, why don't you just go work with those coat crafters guys. What on earth? Yep, so Tyler wants to have a call. I gotta set up a call with him and like,

Unknown Speaker  04:10
Okay, I've got a message here about from while we were on the other call

Speaker 1  04:18
from Micah saying, give time tomorrow to talk with Tyler Jasper myself on brainstorming. Would you be available? What's your I want you? Yes, please.

Matthias Miller  04:31
Oh sure. I'm happy to I am free up until 830 to 1115, central time, I can quickly grab my calendar and I'll just reply to Tyler right now and say that, yes, happy to chat. Alice is setting up a call for tomorrow, copying him here. Is that good? Yep.

Unknown Speaker  05:01
Sure we're free from 830 to, let's just say, 11, just to give us some margin, how's that?

Matthias Miller  05:18
Do you want me to include that in the message? Or do you to

Speaker 1  05:20
you can watch. I'm sending it to Micah like that, but you can send it to him like that too. Tomorrow, forenoon

Matthias Miller  05:27
is communicating with Micah as well. We're free from 830 to 11 CT tomorrow, forenoon, yep.

Speaker 1  05:40
This is this thing might literally shake loose on us. What do you think?

Matthias Miller  05:47
Let's go, man,

Speaker 1  05:48
let's go now. Wouldn't it be awesome if Paragon would start sending us people?

Matthias Miller  05:53
I know the Paragon got the Anthony, yeah, I've worked with him for it. There's a shed company that's they haven't sent me nearly enough well, they were the people who wanted that sinking way, way back. PHP syncing, okay, yeah, PHP so they could take it over. He used, he did parrot, he did CRM work for them. Anyway. I was like, oh, yeah, I know this name anyway.

Speaker 1  06:16
Should we, should we reach out to, to Paragon as a, as a referral partner.

Matthias Miller  06:22
Yeah, okay, Billy, should. I would love to get in with any kind of go ahead.

Speaker 1  06:28
I mean, do you want to make the connection, or what's the best way to or, I mean, if or what's the best thing to do?

Matthias Miller  06:37
I would, or do you. Obviously, what I would, I would, I would, no, I don't, yeah, what I would prefer to do is you tell me what to write to Derek and whatever the guys to the project. I think it's something like, if you'd be willing to draft an email, I think it's something like, you know, I enjoyed chatting with you, and we're always looking to know other vendors who have got great products, so that we know who to send their way.

Speaker 1  07:09
And would like to understand better what they do, and would be glad to explain what we do. We have referral partnerships with other software companies where we trade leads back and forth for percentage of projects,

Matthias Miller  07:24
yeah, yeah. And I would even, yeah, well, I wouldn't say true. I would say, well, we offer, we offer referral fees. We're not I would ask, of course, whatever, yeah. But if you if, if I can, I feel a little brain dead when it comes to these emails. If you're willing to throw something together that I can send over, and I can do an intro with them and you and we can, I don't mind being on that call either, if you want. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  07:53
Yeah. Fun.

Speaker 1  08:00
So personnel, I pinged Jasper. He doesn't think he'd like testing, but, I mean, he's not throwing it out. He might have to just see what it's like. So and so I pinged Austin just now to find out if he'd have availability, then to have Jasper shadow him. Oh. Matthias, I got the kind, the happiest handwritten letter and half a dozen homemade donuts from Jasper's parents. They are so, so excited about him joining he's been without. He's on this. Jasper's on the spectrum. He's been without a job for a year and a half trying, and he was all, well, you understand this stuff. I mean, you got children,

Matthias Miller  08:50
neuro divergence, kind of kind of run center household. I mean, it

Speaker 1  08:54
just makes me about cry, just talking. But he said that Jasper was always had excellent test scores in school and found friendships really hard, and he would have traded those two in a heartbeat if he could. And and he said his silly parents were afraid that he'd never get a chance to prove that he could make it in the world that where he did his training. So they are just beyond grateful. This is why God put me in business.

Unknown Speaker  09:29
Yes, we don't just make we just

Matthias Miller  09:35
we don't just do software. We do people too, by the way. Yes, exactly.

Speaker 1  09:43
Yeah, 92 on the logic test. He's and got a letter from HCC. Well, where, where we was tutoring. He said we were, we were a little bit nervous about how it would work, but he was an excellent tutor, and did especially well with P.

Matthias Miller  10:00
Little struggled, wow. I'm just so, so stoked that kid will be. I mean, if he can, if he can do the work, he'll be, it sounds like he could be the loyal guy, like, yeah, yeah, yeah, wow.

Speaker 1  10:17
And actually heard that. He's actually his there. His sister's husband. So Calvin's son in law, is a software developer living in Chicago who's about not having enough projects. I have no idea whether he'd ever moved to Kansas, whether he'd ever be a fit, just another from the family. It's always

Matthias Miller  10:38
good to plant the seed that there's Yeah, reasons to live there

Speaker 1  10:45
anyway. Jason is super excited about joining Tim as a designer. I think, I don't know feel how much time he's got, but I think he'll be a great fit. He'll be faster, but very, I mean, he's just super, I can't imagine anyone better. Yeah, so wonderful messing around. I mean, really hoping 2026 we had someone to do more direct sales. I think we need that. And I'd like to have a second web second web developer, so to someone who could partner with, learn from Jonathan, partner with Jonathan, and that might be JASP, actually, I don't know. So anyway, those and then on the profitability side, I'd want to be pulling my full investor tools amount, yep, possibly still treating my silver loom time as sweat equity, I don't know. But at least investor tools needs to come my way. Yep, we want to get project cost tracking on a daily basis, and that posting so that, you know every night, I know how many dollars we've invested in this project, basically, and project profitability and in that in the billing database. And we're already at three months of cash reserves in the US, and I'd like to head towards six. And in Bangladesh, I want to get from one month that we need to head to one month. We're not there yet. We're close, but we're and then head to two months of reserves there.

Matthias Miller  12:10
So are you sleeping better?

Speaker 1  12:14
I have less anxiety. So and the recent push to figure out what to do with my schedule. I made a goal of talking to at least five different people about delegation and stuff, and I actually got it done. And I think just some of the clarity that's coming, there's still things to figure out, and I am falling far much more behind on church stuff, but I'm just kind of shrugging and I'm, I'm, I mean, I think I'm living better. So that's encouraging anyway. So that's kind of the I just want to kind of catch you up on some of the things we're looking at for

Matthias Miller  12:51
next year. So okay, this is more like broad observation. It seems like there is much more of a sense of, I don't know how to describe it, like, especially within master tools stuff, especially with some of this other stuff, like, we are beyond trying to just react to everything, but we're going to roll up our sleeves and we're going to trudge our way through and make things better. And, yeah,

Speaker 1  13:15
yeah, I think you're right. Oh, one thing that Joel and I started doing, how long, four months now, Joel,

Unknown Speaker  13:21
something like that. Anyway,

Speaker 1  13:23
four to six months, we do a an off site once a month for for like three hours. It's been very, very fruitful, so often pretty practical. I mean, these goals were hammered out today, and some other things too. Oh, one simple thing that we're doing too is for Jonathan and Seth. Then we said a quarter of their time is is expected to be on silver loom, but if just that's kind of their tax to get to live in Kansas. But if they, if they spend more than that, we put, basically allocate about $5 an hour for a bonus so, so for the past six months of work on the RTO project, then they're getting, Jonathan's getting about 2k and Seth, about 2500 bonus this month anyway.

Unknown Speaker  14:16
Oh, kind of a bit of hazard pay there.

Speaker 1  14:23
But if I mean in their stage of life, I think that's not a bad thing.

Matthias Miller  14:28
So I mean, I would have been happy to be doing work that I generally don't hate, and be getting an extra paycheck on top of it for it. That's awesome. Oh, ask me about, ask me about my spare bandwidth cycles, if you at some point doesn't have, you know. Okay, okay.

Speaker 1  14:52
Anyway, that's about all I've got. Just, I just thought that'd be helpful perspective for you and what we're doing. Yeah. I don't know that. I haven't looked at the agenda document. I don't know if there's things that we should be talking about.

Matthias Miller  15:09
I didn't put anything in the Okay, I do have a question. The only what is the day of I'm assuming by the 20. Well, I guess I could run this any way I want to. In a lot of ways it would make sense for me to do my only RTO banking transfers on the ninth or 10th, or whenever I do all my other invoices. And that's just a internal transfer right from one provider to the other. Would you put it under that, the under the only in the under the brick roller management subscription as a $0 invoice that's paid? Or would you keep it in myself so it doesn't show up in their view, because they would see a $0 invoice?

Speaker 1  16:00
Okay, if, if you do it on the Okay, and here's another way to do it, if you do it on the 10th, what if you just grab their invoice and do an internal transfer on that, I mean, their most recent invoice, which they probably won't have, because it's just about ready to go out and just do your transfer in there. Well, even if it is paid, it doesn't, well, you switch it back and switch forward, yeah, yeah. That would make, that would make sense. And internal transfer, well, it's a internal, I think it's internal charge, or something like that. But, yeah, so and you check the checkbox so that they don't see it, and you do one positive, one negative, and there you go.

Matthias Miller  16:36
And what should the cat? What's the is the category, the categories internal charge, there's, there's a specific one, okay. Category is category is internal charge, and click to checkbox to hide it, yeah, positive or negative? Easy enough. All right? And then Hostetler, we didn't talk about a billing process for that, but we're going to want to start wanting, wanting to get money on that some point exactly the Joe's like, yeah.

Speaker 2  17:02
I mean, do we just, I don't care about those, right? Exactly.

Speaker 1  17:07
Go ahead. I'd be very happy doing it the same way. Yeah, yeah. I wonder if we just clone the RTO spreadsheet, and I'll have to, we'll have to do a little bit different. I mean, we have to bake in the your portion with, with the what's, whatever you call

Matthias Miller  17:26
it, the enterprise over, yeah, that's right, whatever number, yeah. Matthias.

Speaker 1  17:31
Do you know how much fun it is to be head in this direction?

Matthias Miller  17:34
It's good. It's very good.

Unknown Speaker  17:38
Very good. Anyway,

Unknown Speaker  17:44
and we could, yeah,

Speaker 1  17:55
I think we did a down payment with with host seller, and I kind of felt like we're just getting off the ground. So I was kind of thinking of waiting, but I could go ahead and pay you for your portion of it from the down payment. And I figured that we will bill them again in January for the next step.

Matthias Miller  18:11
So well, I don't think let me see where I'm at, Porter Strasburg. Had a heart attack when they said, full steam ahead, as fast as we can move. And I was like, yes, yeah, let's do it. And then they're like, there's like, 10 to 15 k2 months in a row. I'm like, you know you knew anyway, whatever, that's neither here nor there. All that to say sorry. I will rant just a little bit. The reason you hired me to figure out your pricing is because you are employing a guy who who is not doing his job and not participating. Like, I mean, I can tell you how to free up I've been telling you how to free up that budget. You can read the budget of at least what I charge you like that's not hard, just you can deal with the pain. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna carry your pain. I'm not Jesus, so, yeah, take it to him and fix your problem. And I don't know, or I can slow down. I don't care. Anyway, exactly, I only have $500 in hot sale. I don't mind waiting until a January billing. Fine. Oh. January. Billing fine. It balls in whose court to set up the hot seller spreadsheet.

Speaker 1  19:33
Banned me an email and say, Ben Ellis wants the two have used to sometimes set up hostile or spreadsheet and reply to this once it's done.

Matthias Miller  19:42
Ben Ellis Hostetler, billing spreadsheet. Ben Ellis Whittle, two of you, man, I'm probably the most expensive assistant you've got in

Speaker 2  19:57
your life. Do. That's probably true.

Matthias Miller  20:07
Hey, is there any reason on email reminders that we don't we can't just put everybody in the To field instead of sending separate emails that you can see who's getting it?

Unknown Speaker  20:15
No, I mean, I mean, I don't think so.

Matthias Miller  20:20
Okay, well, we'll we can always change it and figure out, yeah, so

Speaker 2  20:24
you're saying, when you say, is there any reason we can't? Are you saying we don't want to? Oh, right, yeah, no,

Unknown Speaker  20:38
I actually had the same thing where I'm like, Yeah, who's getting this?

Matthias Miller  20:44
Actually, exactly, all right, I think what else was there? Obviously, you can tell my biggest concern, thank you. Thank you for sending the payment. I really do appreciate it. I'm obviously not at the three months or I've been elsewhere in not liquid cash. Go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  21:05
Oh no, as I said, I get it.

Matthias Miller  21:08
Yeah, memories are too recent. Two people,

Speaker 1  21:13
let's see you don't realize how much joy it gave Joel and me to both be able to be to be able to say yes to someone else looks

Matthias Miller  21:24
like this. Okay, I think that's all. So my point was just being you can tell my biggest concern right now is just how to get money. Yep, but I think the other main thing I wanted to talk about was, I have had a lot of fun doing nights and weekends, systems building. I have an automatic accounting rule apply that classifies 95% of my transactions. Because, why not? I don't know. Because, why wouldn't I spend, I have no idea, 20 hours or 30 hours of my time going and building something like that instead of paying somebody much less than what I could earn otherwise. But I do enjoy. I have enjoyed having nights and weekends projects with little commitment and whatever if you guys are interested in. I would, I would be happy. I would, I would honestly be happy. Okay, I know nights and weekends are like, they're not going to be as productive time. I'm not hyper focused, but I can still get stuff done, and I just do it for fun. If there's a if there are things you want knocked out, like some of the migration stuff, I would put this on a very loosey, goosey, non committal thing, not mission critical projects. And you, you want a lower rate of my time to go do it? Sure I would be. I just consider it kind of slush, fun stuff. And, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  22:49
Well, tell you what I think anything on the migration at this point is probably, is probably fair game. And you just, you figure out exactly what to how to bill it and call it good. How's that? Yep, yeah. I mean, I think you got a sense. I mean, if you're, if you, if you're firing on all cylinders, and you kind of know what's what it would have been, well now, I mean, technically, if we do it in house here, well, in house here, it's about 50 and, well, it's about 60 an hour, but the but then it's also Joel or me overseeing it too.

Matthias Miller  23:25
So, so I know this is more expensive, but if it drives it forward, maybe having it there three months sooner will save us that much money. And yeah, well, you're not okay, like, if it's daytime hours, normal rate. I mean, if you're asking me for certain hours, but if it's something but if it's something like that, I'm thinking, I'm thinking something like 150 or something. And just sure do it. And, yeah, happy with that.

Speaker 1  23:51
Then absolutely, absolutely and ping us anyway. So, so the dreamy sometime in 2026 is on every change request we can say, Oh, this is what we said it would cost us. This is this is what it actually cost us. This is what we build on. On every maintenance contract, every maintenance contract, we could say, oh, and Tim and Ben chart attracted time pretty well for maintenance already. But no, we don't. We'd have to tie in development part of that, perhaps, but say, Oh, so this is how much money we made on this development project or this maintenance. This is where we're at on this maintenance, maintenance thing. So anyway, that's useful, exactly it will and then imagine if at some point, like something like hostile or so, there's not spreadsheets, surprise, or imagine that on Leacock I could, um. Um, we could plug in what percentage we are complete, or we actually know, just from jobs, what the hours should have been for each job, and we can say, okay, we're, you know, we have the the needle, where we're headed. And not all of that has to happen exactly in 26 but it's those kinds of things that will help us as we scale from one to two.

Matthias Miller  25:19
So I have, after having been in circles that completely disdain micromanaging leadership, yeah, I have a whole new level of respect for people who are quasi micromanagers.

Unknown Speaker  25:37
Sounds like Dan Daniel remove the quasi there.

Matthias Miller  25:44
Okay, fine. Let's just unfilter it. The more, the more time passes, I kind of wonder if you could have removed my Amish upbringing, if he and I, well, not completely the same, but that may have been cut more from the same cloth than what I originally would have ever hoped for. I it. Yep, that's interesting. Anyway, it's not, it's not fully true. But anyway, like there's this, there's so much value in having your just nobody else, I don't know. There's a sad fact as you, as you climb and grow, like there's just nobody who really knows what's going on. And if you want to make sure that you're making money, you have to keep your eyes on, yeah, what's happening? Yeah. We had a

Speaker 1  26:32
debacle of a cycle last, this past cycle, and this, this resonates with me, I mean, and you know, we're all trying to keep figuring this thing out together. But fresh developers, fresh team leads, fresh country manager and fresh manager of country managers. So yeah, but I'm Yeah, still Yeah,

Matthias Miller  26:57
still enthusiastic. So

Speaker 1  27:01
I'm, I'm loving my life better than I have, better than last year when I was trying to be a general contractor for a house. So it was interesting. In a host leadership meeting recently, I said, Man, that was mistaken. Dwight Miller was like, I don't know if you should say that, Ellis, I don't think anyone else could have done what you did. I said, Well, I don't know. I'll leave it up to Jesus, mistake or not, but I don't think I'm going

Matthias Miller  27:27
to do it. It might not be a mistake, but it sure won't be repeated.

Speaker 1  27:34
I say that's true. I think in in five years from now, I might actually, or 10 years from now, I'll repeat it, but not

Unknown Speaker  27:40
right now, right? Oh,

Speaker 1  27:43
I am just so pleased with Seth as as a technical lead. He is just, you've seen it, and then. Nicholas, I mean, seriously, I don't know if it's twice a week that I hop on a call for 20 minutes instead of five hours

Matthias Miller  27:59
a week. Dude. Dude, yeah, I I have to genuinely working with Seth, you would not know that how little time he's been professionally a developer. He's really good.

Speaker 2  28:17
That's brilliant. Yeah, so I

Matthias Miller  28:23
on just just develop Nick a little bit more, and your cantankerous younger brother might even work with him too more. It's not that bad.

Unknown Speaker  28:35
Very different giftings. So, yeah, well, exactly willing to call it a wrap here.

Matthias Miller  28:44
So I'm happy calling it rap. I got things calling my name. All right,

Speaker 1  28:49
okay, so much fun to worry. Aren't you happy that we've found the stride last several years?

Matthias Miller  28:55
Yes, I am. I still do it. Do you want a little bit of premature show intelligence for fun. Yeah, this is the thing I've been cooking up. Yeah, you can find it, Doc,

Speaker 1  29:09
did I tell you that that sim business may be giving us the the jettison? Oh, okay, I'll tell you about that after you do show until, because I'm not even sure I'm sad So, but anyway,

Matthias Miller  29:22
that's funny. All right, so this guy share my screen. So I've been, I've been working on, like, brand foundations, working with Josh long How do I position myself? I'm not completely anyway, this is feels slightly vulnerable even to think about these ideas, but I've had a massive reframe in how I view myself as a person in the last three months. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  30:17
Ah, nice,

Matthias Miller  30:19
and then software and ERP.

Matthias Miller  30:30
That's not largest ERP engagement, good, gracious. But anyway, sure, sure, so it's just a starting point, but I'm looking at and then just a simple blog. So I'm going to start, I am building my system, you know, me system and scorecard either one Reddit answer a day or five a week, and I have an AI tool to go scrape a bunch of subreddits, score them based on which ones I pick one, and I'll just go right answers, and that's going to be part of my FBO play. And then it plays into article ideas. You also enjoy this. I had so much fun with this. I feel like I feel like the weirdest person in the world, but rent to own math on how down payments and customer reserve accounts, or cash cash reserve or customer reserve accounts work with. Customer reserve accounts work with when you pay more than your reserve account anyway. So I have just been and I'm also, I think my colleague thinks I'm throwing money away. I think it's, I think it's actually somewhat sane, but yeah, getting a shared participating in a shared lead gen for fractional CFOs, getting a certificate, I mean, a certification, whatever member logo and and then they they're getting lead. Prices are really high right now, but it is trending downward. And give it a try for about three months and and then do a long term play on building my own personal brand.

Speaker 1  32:12
So anyway, hey, yeah, I don't know if this is a take at all. Did you ever run into Scott Hoover?

Matthias Miller  32:22
Yeah, I know the guy. I mean, I mean, not know the guy, but I was on his list back when he was doing his beer and CFO thing, right? I doubt it.

Speaker 1  32:31
I don't know if it's a fit or not. Consider calling him up and saying, Hey, this is what I'm more this is what I've been doing. And here's what kinds of things that we're seeing anyway, just for i He might be too traditional, QuickBooks, this kind of thing, but, but he might, I mean, he plays with the big guys. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  32:53
So it's worth having covered my in my head, I was thinking too much of like, well, he runs his own firm. So I don't really want to Sure running I give up too much money to work for somebody else, right? Well, but as a partnership and building a network of

Speaker 1  33:12
Anyway, okay, but what if? What

Matthias Miller  33:15
if I'm the Technical CFO that they refer people out to that helps get things like this done? Yeah? Who actually understands accounting?

Speaker 1  33:21
Yeah? For on his What if you straight up to accounting projects, I mean software projects for for his people, sometimes I don't

Unknown Speaker  33:32
know, yeah, yeah, yeah. I like it.

Speaker 1  33:36
I just loved how he thought so, yeah.

Matthias Miller  33:42
Well, I've also found that see if those types of people really do actually, there's some of the people who enjoy me, enjoy me and appreciate me the most.

Speaker 1  33:50
So there you go. Simbas, oh yeah. So called them up, had a pleasant conversation, and they called me up and had a pleasant conversation, and then came to this, to the topic, which, I guess there was something they wanted to talk about. They are, well, they've liked working with us. We talked English, we delivered solutions, and it was Triple D that referred us to them in the first place. But they think they could do it cheaper. I think user fees are kind of painful for them, and just developments expense feels like it's expensive. There's some features they want. And really they should. We should. I think if we build it today, I charge them more, and I build a whiskey, I do know the back end would be only for operations, people, no permissions or anything, and a whiskey, a lovely whiskey in the front end. And I they might still be customers, right? So. But I was talking with Josh too. Okay, they just haven't had the growth they were hoping. They were thinking about 1000 members, and they've been able to climb from two to 300 in two years time. As far as users in our software, and they're doing good things. They're coming out with different tiers of membership, which is really cool, including the mighty oaks, which are the big the big boys. And you're part of a normal group, you always have to be part of a normal group. But then you're all part of an additional group that has several has on, has both videos and on sites throughout the year, with other big players and and the group is facilitated with people like, you know, pop in law, Gary Miller or someone like that, true. So, so good stuff happening, but not the I think it's the growth has been more of a slog than they had quite expected it to be. And so they they have someone they'd like to do integration into accounting. They have someone who has done Zoho systems. They think that. They think that, and he's had success in delivering projects on schedule. They think they can switch over to that for $30,000 or so, and then an annual basis, is that probably it'll probably save them, you know, if they spent 35,000 with us last year, and they think they this person might be more like 25,000 a year, so say, maybe saving 10,000 a year or so On on, you know, development and and maintenance and everything. I don't know if that's right or not. I don't know if. I mean, I think they're gonna have some bad surprises as they go, very likely, but go ahead on the other hand, oh, and, but they're still asking me. I mean, as soon as I'm willing, they'll give me a board seat. They really want me on their board. So they do. They really do respect and like us and and I don't think we've ever had a lead come through. I mean, a come through there, I think they're too conservative. And the other thing is, they are much more about because when I was talking to him, I said, I think, you know, when I think back to the value I've gained, I think it's about two thirds of it has been personal, and 1/3 business, it hasn't been transferred. And they said, Wow. And I said, I don't know if this is unusual. That's kind of our goal, actually, so,

Matthias Miller  37:38
but that's the problem with their I mean, it's not. It is a problem, not a problem, because that explains their growth.

Speaker 1  37:45
That's fair, yeah. So they are, yeah, they're, that's true. So what they're looking for is people who want to become, I mean, their goal is to build the businessman, not the business, I mean, more or less, but

Speaker 2  38:00
society, how's that? It's a business owner.

Matthias Miller  38:04
Society, yeah, A, B, O, S, good. It is, I mean,

Speaker 1  38:12
or sit state another way. It's trying to create Kingdom businesses is their goal. But that is different than helping businesses scale. Very different So, and that is probably part of So, if they want to, I mean, so I think what they I should go back to them and say, Hey, what you really need to do is say it's 1000 you know, here's the baseline membership. This is what it takes for, I mean, this is, this is core formation of individuals. And here are the upsell tiers that that let you grow and scale your business, because I'd be willing. I mean, you know, if, if I'd get good coaching and stuff like that, you know, I'd be willing to consider paying them $5,000 a year.

Matthias Miller  39:02
Well, can I at least help you architect the program? Because most of them are complete, I don't know. Okay, so let me know when you're back. Yeah, I'm back. Okay, like, fundamentally, what most people do is they get, I'll get in a room, share a bunch of funny, fun ideas, and feel like they're solving stuff, and then you highlight the one or two people who actually got something out of it. And you you sell it hard. And even the best people do this, the things difference between a program that succeeds or not, which they actually have going for them, but you have to turn it into a business contacts is execution. And one of the guys who runs Perry's, Robert Rashawn, who runs Perry's, or helps coach Perry's upper tier thing, his biggest thing, he was involved in roundtable, and he actually had, he had goals, he had working days. He had working. Calls like, we're just showing up, we're getting things done. Like, and he has a program where he shows up with business owners. He shows up and literally, it's three days blocked out, and we are going to make stuff happen. Like, it's execution, get stuff done. And business owners always look at him like, oh, we need more in these three days. And, yeah, because you never actually get anything done any other time. And and the programs that have the most, the highest, I think the highest monetary return, are the programs that actually create accountability for execution. And from what I know, from the outside looking in, there's a part of that with their goal setting stuff. I don't know if people are sitting the right the right priorities, but

Speaker 1  40:41
I don't know, yeah, well, okay, but I think they're per there they are intentionally. I mean, Jeremy was almost apologetic when he said, Well, it's probably his, partly his fault in all of this, because they are intentionally trying to move people from build a business to make a lot of money, to be an intentional I mean, you know, live Kingdom business, and right, you know, if, if we, if I want, to buy into a vision. I mean, certainly having, you know, emotionally healthy, engaged business owners who are passionate about transformation. I mean, by all means, I mean so, but I do think, I mean, just as I'm thinking about this is, I do think they should literally say this is a core of who we are, and there's an upsell to add the performance side of things. I mean, kind of, or another state, another way. Our core program is about building you as a business owner, and we have an add on. You can't get to the add on without doing the core of building yourself. But then the add on is now build your business. And that might be a 5000 I mean, start starts at 2000 to 5000 to 10,000 a year.

Matthias Miller  41:58
Well, that's, that's low, but yes, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  42:01
okay, fine. That's low. I mean, I mean,

Matthias Miller  42:05
or, but yeah, it could start there. And you could have a tier for that, and you could have even a higher tier, that's anywhere from 20 to 50. I agree. I also think you could also, you could pitch the bottom end very well if you're looking to become a business owner. I mean, spiritual formation has been, has Okay, apart from tax planning and maybe $100 a month subscription to be able to text Josh. Josh long spiritual formation probably has been one of the highest ROI investments for myself. Yeah, yeah. And I think, I think there's a really compelling thing to say to people who are looking to start and grow a business is, Listen, you're not going to get the shiny objects. It's not going to be exciting. A lot of people are going to sell you really hard and all this stuff that you need. But genuinely, if you want, if you want success that doesn't eat you from the inside out, it's actually sustainable, yeah, this is the path. And, you know, yeah, blows smooth and smooth as fast, yeah.

Speaker 1  43:13
So all that to say I am, well, okay, and part of what it I think what I realized is, what they really need is a simple back end database, without a lot of workflow, without a lot of other things. It's just a simple database, and then they need a front end app. We can do both of those, but it's not our shiny point. It's not a proposal calculator, no. So I kind of shrug and say, Well, I did tell him, I really do want to think through, how do we how do we do this transition so it doesn't put code crashes in bad light, and so, you know, it is, you know, puts us in positive light. The other thing I said is, you know, the more leads that you could give us, I mean, or contacts for a newsletter, whatever, the better, the better I'd feel about all this. So, you know, maybe Do I have permission to call every single member in exchange for giving up sponsorship? Yeah, and, and, and, part of it is, I think the group is okay. We just went on rabbit trail, which is, but was super interesting. It was about that this is more about a personal development than it is about business development and the but then it's also more conservative. I mean, you know, there's just, you go, you know, I'm peachy, for goodness sakes, and I go in the conference, and I look, I'm on the 10% on I'm on the fringe on the on the liberal side. I mean, there's a few people out past me that, you know, we're bigger, wear more stripes in their shirt or something. But, and. Don't have a beard, but you know, it's and they probably might have a radio, but I'm, I, I think I'm probably about the 90th percentile. So that tells you something about the base which the idea of getting to spiritual formation into that conservative crowd? Absolutely fantastic.

Matthias Miller  45:19
Sure, exactly. Is it even worth your time calling the members?

Speaker 1  45:24
Okay, here's what I mean. I'm just dying to get 5000 people. That's ridiculous. I'm dying to get 3000 people on my mailing list. So because I really think that over the next, over the next X years. What we're wanting to have is people, their businesses grow. They add technology, their friend starts a business, something I want them in the core of their being to say it's it's silver loom, good grief. He needed to go talk silver limb. So, if, yeah, so, so I might be wrong. But if they don't mind, it coming out of the eye by facts printer, I think every single

Matthias Miller  46:15
I mean, and they love reading. You talk about how much these ads almost every time. He loves these things. Yeah, he was like, are we creating another whack a mole or something like that? Like the other day, phenomenal. So he's also a super fan. But it's not just that, but it is true. Okay, I have another question, yeah, what time commitment is a board seat? Out of curiosity,

Speaker 1  46:44
it's not huge. It's mostly travel, which how many times a year I'd have maybe twice a year in person. You know, if it's zoom calls, I can do it. And I don't know. I mean, okay, well, so or I could give up travel with investor tools, but I think one of the best things I can do is show up at the managers meeting investor tools, and I'm the, I'm one of the tier. I mean, yeah, I'm the most experienced, most knowledgeable, most innovative person. I mean, not most, that's an exaggeration, but

Matthias Miller  47:21
kind of barely. You've got a lot of a lot of tenure, you've worked with Dan, you have assimilated a lot of that. You have a lot of technical detail knowledge of you have that creativity

Unknown Speaker  47:33
over there, and

Matthias Miller  47:35
I've run the full business, I think is the other thing, yeah, almost none of them have. So tell, tell simbiz that you would be happy to there's one way that you can make it work, yeah, and that is that we need to coordinate, that we need to do our on site board meetings in Colorado, and we just need to coordinate schedules

Speaker 1  47:57
at least, or at least the one one a year needs to be Colorado. There you go,

Matthias Miller  48:01
one a year in Colorado, like which, who on the board would not want to come to a board meeting in Colorado, because

Unknown Speaker  48:09
I think the other one is right with their conference every year.

Matthias Miller  48:12
So Well, there you go, keep the one with their conference, and keep and do one the other one in Colorado. Sure. I think it's, I mean, what could possibly? There's no reason anybody could shoot any holes in that idea. Absolutely not. We can do the Garden of the Gods if they want to. So exactly good.

Speaker 1  48:34
So, yeah, just, I just want to run that pasture. In case there's anything that you say, Hey, before you let them go, consider this or that or But in talking over Josh the one, I think the biggest takeaway was, oh, this is this system wasn't actually our sweet spot. I mean, the thing that was exciting was thinking of getting in front of a whole bunch of people, but the way we got in front of them wasn't actually the best way to I mean, it wasn't, didn't let us shine. They are. They would also welcome me, so that they'd welcome me sometime doing a workshop that they would host, that would, you know, highlight silver loom or something, so that would hopefully more better attended than our ill fated webinars last year, if you would

Matthias Miller  49:22
write all kinds of questions around that, but that's Be that as it may, if you would hit some thoughts with that. So zero basis thinking, we don't have to take up time. Now, if you don't want to zero basis thinking, if you get access to get in front of them in any means possible, yeah, board membership does make a lot of sense. Yep, are there other things that Well, I guess, okay, this is from my perspective and advice I've gotten in similar situations, it's easy to spend a lot of time trying to recover what you're about. To lose. And sometimes it's better just to admit that you're losing something. And yeah, and I don't think you're doing that necessarily, but yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  50:10
yeah, well, and I also think that, I mean, I told them I feel about 5050, fear here, you know, I'm sorry that it didn't pan out. On the other hand, we should, we didn't. Whenever we do work for them, we don't make money, and I've got other I've got people waiting to pay me money to do other projects, and I haven't sold stuff through the year network, so which makes them sad, but Right? Yeah, if there's

Matthias Miller  50:39
some kind of way to position this as we are so grateful to the opportunity, for the opportunity to have brought them to this point, and these are all the things that they're able to walk away with now as a result of that. And, and, you know, anyway, good. Well, it's interesting.

Unknown Speaker  50:55
Yeah, yep,

Speaker 1  50:58
great. Very good. Well, we'll call it

Matthias Miller  51:03
good, awesome. Well, till next time, sounds good. Thank you. Sir. Cool. Awesome. Thank you. Thanks. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai