Speaker 1  00:18
I hope we don't plan to do anything hard today. You need to do the mic flip.

Matthias Miller  00:26
Mic flip. We can do that. You

Matthias Miller  00:33
want to hear the good news or the bad news.

Speaker 1  00:38
Jesus is returning today. I don't have to deal with this cold anymore?

Matthias Miller  00:41
Yeah, well, I hope it's for all of us, because I'd sure not like to be the one depends

Unknown Speaker  00:49
whether you believe in the rapture or not. Well, no, what's the good news?

Matthias Miller  00:56
Because my belief dictates what's going to happen. Um, right. Good news is Seth is caught up with all of his stuff for the December list. Pretty much bad news is they need work and we need to map out imports. So I feel like I don't know what you want to do. Meanwhile, I've

Speaker 1  01:29
been crawling bed. That's what I want to do, but you didn't. You didn't. You weren't speaking on what I actually wanted to do. You wanted you were speaking speller specifically. Yeah, I can't. I can't go to bed anyway, because I want to shoot myself right now with marks this, this credit card, credit

Matthias Miller  01:54
card, tie out stuff.

Speaker 1  01:57
Oh, my goodness. Why is this? Why? Why has this been left to the end of the year? How easy this would be to like, just go and check on once a month and tie it out. And it would be so easy. Yeah, look here. Let me show you. I show you, yes, I just finished. I just finished ABC. I don't, okay, fine. No, I want, I think I want this one. I think this is it, so that you can see my reconciliation, stripes, reconciliation, yep, that's all the vinyl structure stuff to do. Okay, and there is all of shed time stuff yet to do. So I got those two to do yet. And the problem is, the problem is, it's like, it's not that this stuff is hard to find, or it just takes a while to sort through what is missing, what's wrong, and it's just, it's not, it's not straightforward enough that I can just go, Hey, so and so in my office, go do this and go do this like no, it takes knowledge and right. A fair portion of these come from earlier in the year, when people would cancel sales orders and just straight up delete transactions on them. They go refund them. And they go, they go on, they go on stripe, and they refund the transaction that's deleted off the sales order.

Matthias Miller  03:49
Oh, yeah,

Speaker 1  03:51
go away, right? It does. It does, actually, because somebody put validation on there that says you can't, you can't cancel a sales order with money on it. Oh, okay, just delete it.

Matthias Miller  04:04
Oh, my cow, that

Speaker 1  04:06
makes sense. Makes a lot of so when we refunded it in stripe, who cares? Yeah, yeah, yeah, who cares. So there's that. But, oh, and I love this one. I love this one where Robert and his goat and drew just journal entered it, and it's like, okay, great. But it's like, it's still it's still there. It's like, can we I don't know, what do you want? What do you want to do with it? Great. You journal entered into the great in the right place, but that doesn't resolve it on my report over here, because it's not tied to anything. Yeah, there you go. Rant over you wanted to assign. In some things for

Matthias Miller  05:03
seems to be like an expedient use of of time. If you're up to it would be to find December stuff to pick off, to send their way, and maybe even, or maybe even split apart some early January either easy stuff that we need, okay, in the grand scheme of things, it seems expedient to work on early January instead of late January, if there's a difference, and also if there's simple pieces we can carve off if you're not feeling well. I mean, I think, I think Seth has stuff for these guys to do. I don't know. The other option is, I can just go crawl in a hole and work on data migration and work on getting reports to get stuck the data out of RTO PRO data in the system, and see what progress I can make on that, while you deal with credit card transactions and get rested up and find some time Monday or Tuesday to get back at it when you have a had a weekend. Well, I think,

Speaker 1  06:15
I think that would be good. I think we should probably jump on here. What about three? Whatever. 315 ish and just see those guys. I think that would be good, because Mark's a little antsy on getting this done, because they're trying to tie out the rest of the year, or they're trying to tie out this year, and

Matthias Miller  06:38
just a calendar that's ticking down

Speaker 1  06:41
No no, so he probably would appreciate that, so I probably should get that done.

Speaker 1  06:57
What do we what do we have? What do we have pressing that needs?

Matthias Miller  07:06
Well, I really feel like if the priority is read only version, then we have to start trying to get data across, to surface the gaps in getting the read only version, unless we're going to try to jump ahead of that and get into, you know, editability of some kind,

Unknown Speaker  07:29
editability of what, oh, I

Matthias Miller  07:31
don't know, like live system taking payments and setting up new contracts and contract entry, and I know we're going to need that soon. But, yeah,

Speaker 1  07:57
I mean, the one big pressing thing to really kind of get us to

Speaker 1  08:06
is, like, the thing that gets us to the top of the mountain to see where what's over the horizon is really the database connector. It's like, we got to get stuff in here and side by side with RTO Pro and be like, well, that's wildly wrong, and that's wildly wrong, and and then it's, it's literally going to create a whole lot of conversation. I do know that, to a to a fair degree, their their workload is going to is, is already starting to just tail off. Yeah, yes, there's a lot of things to do. Okay, here's what I get nervous about. Here's what I get nervous about. If I if I say that, then I'm afraid that Ellis is going to go. Great, you guys, I've got capacity, but let's go shove them on to something else, and then we end up in a slowed down state.

Matthias Miller  09:03
Well, you need to, you need to have that conversation and say, well, it's one of two things we could literally say, until you can come out to Colorado, you are just straight up going to be in a slowed down state. Because I really feel like I might be wrong, but instinctively, I would say that's really what's required for us to get the new shot, shot in the arm, kickstart this thing, or like round two, phase two, full fledge, full steam, get stuff unstuck and moving.

Speaker 1  09:42
I mean, we do have a ton of stuff in the January time frame that we should just literally start yanking into.

Matthias Miller  09:49
So let's but again, in the interest of everything we have going, my proposal is, you go work on Mark stuff. You sleep over the week. Again, we meet up with the guides. I start working on, on what I can, on the imports, and then let's early next week we can tear in the January stuff.

Speaker 1  10:08
Yeah, I agree with that. Look, let's see. Let's do this before, before we before we jump off. Let's just decide dates and times so we don't have to have that conversation first of the week, I

Matthias Miller  10:28
me Monday and Tuesday are got somebody else who's probably going to want some time on there, and I'm not sure yet when pretty wide open? Uh,

Speaker 1  10:43
uh, I have 1130 till two open on Monday, on Monday, on Tuesday, I have 11 till four open on Wednesday. The only thing we have on Wednesday is the 3pm with Justin.

Matthias Miller  11:09
Okay, here 1130 to two. How about I do do this? 1130 to two, I'm gonna say question mark, question mark Dietz and Dwayne. I'm just gonna grab the time so I know what you've got.

Unknown Speaker  11:21
And then 11 to 411,

Matthias Miller  11:24
to four on which, yeah, your Tuesday did really open up.

Speaker 1  11:35
Well, the they quit doing, uh, board calls, so things, that thing was always right in the middle of a Tuesday,

Matthias Miller  11:47
if you've got, if you got them, Ohio managing North Carolina, then it's just Calvin left out there, right? You should just let Ohio manage that for him too. Are you? Are you wide open on Wednesday?

Speaker 1  12:04
I think so, yes, except for the, except for the 3pm Justin,

Matthias Miller  12:08
yeah, which is me too. I mean, right?

Unknown Speaker  12:11
Otherwise, otherwise, yes, I'm

Matthias Miller  12:13
going to send you. Okay, these are big time blocks, but this, this lets me know when you're available, and I'll break it down into one or two, I guess 190 minute on Monday, maybe two on Tuesday and maybe one on Wednesday. Does that sound about right?

Speaker 1  12:30
That sounds about right? Yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  12:34
Sounds good. All right. 315 315 All right, cool. Appreciate talk. Then bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai