Unknown Speaker  00:36
Hey, Jonathan, hey, Hey,

Matthias Miller  00:42
wait

Unknown Speaker  00:44
in the day for you.

Matthias Miller  00:47
Yeah, get there, yes,

Unknown Speaker  00:52
how you been?

Matthias Miller  00:52
Uh, I think good. I don't know. Always we'll say this. I don't know.

Speaker 1  00:59
Okay, well, I reckon we're both busy and can get right down to it, but tell me real fast. So what inspired this for you? The little shift in gears here.

Matthias Miller  01:15
So do you follow Josh long at all?

Unknown Speaker  01:17
Oh, yeah, out of it.

Matthias Miller  01:19
Have you seen his talk about his work on trauma and his work with Ryan?

Speaker 1  01:23
I have, all right. You know many, many things about working on himself and trauma and headspace and all that for sure. Okay,

Matthias Miller  01:31
so Ryan Albers, he's been working with. I was super skeptical. I I mostly felt like it was wondering off into space, and people would get very open.

Speaker 1  01:53
Your audio. Can you can you hear me? So your audio is breaking out quite a lot.

Matthias Miller  01:58
It should be getting I should be getting better. Now

Unknown Speaker  02:01
it is getting better. Now, yep, okay,

Matthias Miller  02:05
so I'm going to try to do a walk and let me know if this is too much background noise at

Unknown Speaker  02:11
all, by the way, it was just cutting out. Okay,

Matthias Miller  02:13
it's, it was, I was getting up my Wi Fi. So, so he does, he does work with he basically helps people deal with blocks around money and business and finance, okay? And I started working with him, and we started working through the internal conflict between purpose and money and all kinds of stuff, started to shake it loose for me, right? And I feel like I found a way to so I feel like I feel like what it did is finally, if I finally, finally found a way to address the whole I want to do good and I want to make make money, but I can't do one. I can't do both. It has to be either or, okay. And so that happened. And then Perry and round table is he came back from Richard Cass star principle thing. And he's like guys, I used to think investors was the Holy Grail. It's not. You're a business owner. Build your star, because you have all the power in the world. And if you do it, then I'll put 120% money back on round table. And you're gonna have to agree to all kinds of stuff, like, you know, Renaissance time regularly, and all this other kinds of stuff. And I'm like, I can't imagine a better place to be than into kind of start business. So why would you not want that? So just through the round table and like, I don't know, working through stuff, I'm like, shed industry is obvious, helping these people go to an online, you know, the online space and all this stuff makes sense to me. And fed up and tired of not having a focus, and finally, feeling free to just pick one and run with it. And I was like, and having a methodology, from Josh to do podcasts to lead gen, and I was like, Screw it. I'm doing it. So here I am.

Speaker 1  04:28
Love it. I love it. Alright. Well, what can I do for you? How do I fit into your picture? And do you mind if I add my note taker to this zoom call from this point,

Matthias Miller  04:40
that's not a problem.

Unknown Speaker  04:42
Hang on. I'm clicking the button join. Permission to join, sir.

Matthias Miller  04:54
All right, joining. All right. So the way I see it. It is, I don't fully know how all this thing stuff is going to pan out. I think so. The way I'm thinking about it is, you've got, it's basically the, I'm working with fashion the offer, right? But it's basically okay. You know how? You have a builder diagram that shows exactly to build, and then you got the worker bees to go build stuff, yeah? Then you got your manager to make sure everything's happening like it should, yeah. And you need to stop just building sheds, and you need to start building systems and building a business. And you need a blueprint, you need worker bees, and you need a guide to manage the process. Shocker, I know. And so the grand scheme is, be the ball, but kind of the grid formulation is, here is the shed business in a box. Like, if you really want to thrive in online sales and in a sales first culture, then here's the blueprint. You need these marketing systems. Here's how they should be performing. Need be sales systems, here's how they should be performing. You probably have production mostly, but nailed down. But it's probably, you know, very it might be a bit archaic and outdated. And here's your delivery system, and here's what you need to do after delivery, and dial all this stuff in. Oh, and by the way, here's the mindset shift from sheds to systems. And so then where to from there? Well, clearly there's going to be so in my mind, there's like the blueprint, then there's a discovery, which is we are going to go inside your business. We're going to turn it upside down, we're going to look at it all the rocks, and we're going to see what problems exist. Because obviously, you and I get paid to solve problems, and you get a big fat report that tells you everything that's wrong with your business, and would you like to have help fix again? So where you come in is and then I'm trying to figure out I have a very bad habit of getting my hands extremely dirty, and I'm trying to avoid that. We'll see how that goes.

Matthias Miller  07:52
Which helps so fun fact, I just got off a call with Jack Reaver, completely unrelated, and helped his dev solve a really complicated what was to them, a really complicated DevOps issue, and told him exactly what they should do and how they should go about it. Okay, so there's some places where technical expertise that's not really the sheds, but technical expertise is absolutely going to play to go into peace. So revenue model, I think looks something like, Let's build an identity. Current working name is shed Titans. And then so there's annual communities. Then there, obviously, there's the micro podcast, and there's all the stuff around that, if you go into a print newsletter, to them, to the to the community, there can be, like, monthly meetups. I don't know what exactly that's going to be. And then there's the all the services so could, lead gen, which is why I'm talking to you, sales coaching, which I haven't figured out exactly who or how CRM build outs. What I'm interested there is potentially a high level white label and integrations with industry software, and then also a SaaS back end that I'm obviously walking faster than my status level likes, I'm sorry. Okay, and you know, some kind of SaaS on the back end where I don't have to put the workflows into client systems, so they are married to me in some way for these workflows. So that's the potential revenue stream, fractional COO, types of stuff near outsource to. It, you know, help building out systems, you know, hiring systems. But really, what I and I think substantial part of it is, when you get the report, you slap it down on the desk, and you're like, Okay, how are you going to go make this happen? And you need two things. One you need you need an expert. You need somebody who actually knows what's going on. And two, you need some accountability, because this hasn't happened for a reason, and at some point, potentially, there's a peer group, kind of a round table S conversion, or a C 12. Think C 12 for business owners or or what's the other one? There's another CEO peer group that's starts with the C that I can't remember, C 12, and

Unknown Speaker  10:59
it's escaping me.

Matthias Miller  11:03
C 12 is a faith based CEO round table. Okay, I can't remember what the other one is. I want to say Vonage, but that's a phone company, but it's something kind of like that. So there could potentially be something like that. There could potentially be like a shed sales, like a community for sales people. But I'm thinking the but the tip of spear is your you don't have a good marketing system, ie lead gen, and you probably have zero. You probably have a horrible sales onboarding your sales team. You probably have every no CRM is probably terrible. Yeah, probably don't have, probably don't have a CRM, or aren't using it. You don't have a way to hold your sales people. Is all this stuff. We're just going to open up your and I don't know how yet, but figure out what it looks like to help these people get these things implemented, and then once they do, how to move them, move them up the ladder. That's the basic. I don't know. What questions do you have? Thoughts, feedbacks, criticisms.

Speaker 1  12:22
I am, I am worn out and worn down, and kind of boils down to where, when do we start, and what exactly do you want me to do?

Matthias Miller  12:33
Well, well, okay, so pragmatically, pragmatically I would be interested in.

Matthias Miller  12:59
Okay, so there's two pragmatic things I'm looking for. I think most of the companies I'm looking at,

Matthias Miller  13:21
well, okay, so full transparency, I've actually handed out Alex McCarthy's name for audits in the past, and you can argue why I should or should not have done that. Maybe it's just Alex. Alex's positioning makes it easier for me to do it. I don't really know. I don't think Alex is interested in doing lead gen. I am interested in building a robust in having a robust discovery process that I can run shed where we can find gaps that most most shed companies are missing. Most shed, not just companies. Most shed, Legion shed agencies are missing. Yeah, now I don't know exactly what that takes, because, to be completely honest, you can. You don't have to be super smart to be running a basic website with an opt in form and Google Ads optimized. So it's more than nothing. But I also don't know that you have to be a rocket scientist to get an acceptable return on ad spend in this industry. Well, actually, take that back. That's not true, but I am interested in being able to position this in some way that gives a. Distinct advantage over sorry, let me take another step back. Why? Let's start with why you like I said, I think most of these companies, I don't think Alex wants to build a legion agency, and I don't think most of these companies want to pay what Alex wants. I don't know. I can't compare or contrast your discovery process or your audit against Alex's, so I have no context. But what I'm interested in is funneling a marketing audit into into a a broader discovery, and being able to bundle that and knowing full well that they might hand it off to their agency, and their agency might make changes, I don't know my way around that, but also knowing that if they, if they have an underperforming agency, that we're no agency at all, they'll come to us and be like, can you guys help out? And that's the part where I would be interested in having your input on how they get formulated and what happens. This is not a distinct advantage from us. Well, the advantage that we have over other agencies, I think fundamentally, is that I am positioning myself not as the agency, but as in a way that allows me to get insight into their financials. And I'm and hopefully, what this will allow, I would love to integrate, like a Tim Francis P and L and balance sheet analysis for that very reason. And the benefit is that we're looking at marketing literally as a business owner and not as a an agency. And most agencies like you know are flying blind, but I'm looking for your so once again, certainly back. We don't want your help. Is there anything where we have a unique edge that we can pitch in the discovery that's going to show weaknesses in other companies, or is there a an ongoing component to this, where, if they switch to us, that there's some kind of value gain that creates some kind of entrenchment that they can't get anywhere else. So it could be that your CRM is $1,500 a month, and you get your Ad Management for free. And obviously we have to tailor the level of service that we can provide based off of that. But just pulling numbers out of that anyway, thoughts,

Speaker 1  18:14
lots of thoughts I see here, I'm I'm gonna, I'm gonna ramble, in the hope that it turns into brainstorming. Does that work for you?

Matthias Miller  18:28
Works for me? Yeah, and

Speaker 1  18:29
at least we got my recording running in case we later on need to try to go back and recover something. Okay, I would like to address your, your almost question about Alex in a moment. But first, let's let me, let me make a blanket statement. I sure hope this doesn't sound arrogant or like I have some attitude, because that's so not the point. But like, after whatever it's been pushing 15 years of doing online marketing, I have come to a couple conclusions about the industry in general that I think are very apropos to what we're talking about. And it is that the special sauce, magic sauce, silver bullet, out compete, another agency, etc, etc, is still to this day, desired by many people, both the people buying from the agency and the agency owner, because, hey, man, if I had magic sauce, I'd be a millionaire and I would do it. Does that make sense? It's desired, but it really doesn't exist now. And yes, I am open to correction, okay, but let me just put this out as like a starting point. So the fact of the matter is, by the way, to sort of back that up or get. A reason for why I'm able to say that or willing to say that, I really did. Used to think so. You know, I joined the marketing world kind of as a young fellow, a little bit starry eyed. You know, I've never been in full blown guru admiration mode. But when I first started reading from people like Perry, it was like I grew up having respect for people who were serious, dedicated, experienced and gifted, right? Like, wow, this guy has actually been doing this, and he invented this thing, or he actually has insight, and I want to learn from him. So when I ran somebody like Perry, it was like, oh my goodness, I found the best person in the world. He's done it all, seen it all. He has advice. And when he gives people advice and they follow us through, it actually works, he's like a living, walking miracle, right? So that said, When I entered that world and kind of became a Google Ads guy I would see, for example, Perry talk about somebody I was, you know, back then it wasn't Alex. Now it is Alex, because Perry himself recommends Alex. Back then it was Kevin millani or Mike Rhodes or David Rothschild, or some of these others, right? And I was like, okay, these guys are good. They have experience, and I bet by now they have their special sauce, and sometimes they would tease that. So, for example, Perry and Kevin used to talk about the Milani method. Nobody to this day, other than Kevin, really knows what the Milani method is. But, like, this is the kind of thing that creates this atmosphere where someone like me would believe that there was magic sauce out there somewhere, if only I could find the right guy and learn from him. Okay, now I am. You ever seen one of those debates about between creationists and evolutionist, where it's like, okay, you're an atheist because you're convinced that you've seen all the data and you know it all, and you've thought it through, and in your mind, it's scientific and God doesn't exist and all that. But a good icebreaker on that, or what some what some creationists do, is they use this to tilt atheist, to at least admitting that they're agnostic, is they get them to try to quantify you as a human. How much of all Earth's populations human experience do you yourself actually know firsthand? And they have to admit that it's a tiny drop in the ocean. And then they say, and then you say, that's just planet Earth. How much of the entire universe Do you personally actually know and have experienced or can analyze first hand? And they basically have to admit that mathematically, they can't really prove even to themselves that God does not exist because they haven't seen every spec of every dust and all the things it did in the universe, right? So I'm using that as a funny example here in the marketing world. So somewhere out there, that's hilarious. So I'm going to title myself that I am now the guru atheist. I no longer believe in gurus. I love it. So with that same model in mind, do I have to concede that somewhere out there there is a guru with magic sauce? Um, yes, I cannot prove on the inverse that there is no guru out there with magic sauce? I cannot prove that magic sauce does not exist. But like every other atheist, I have seen enough of the marketing space. Worked with enough people. I have worked with Kevin millani, I have worked with and learned from all these other people, Mike roads, Justin Brooks, lots some of this year's up and coming, rising stars. And the truth of the matter is, there is not much guru sauce out there in the real world. It's really a matter, okay? And that's chapter one. I'm going to loosely title that Guru sauce doesn't exist. I can't prove it, but I'm pretty sure it doesn't. Yep, tactics do come and go, but then that's the problem. Like, what are this year's tactics? Oh, okay, we'll find them and and they'll be gone in a year or two anyway. Um, so, so then while Jonathan then, what does it take to run a good marketing agency or get traffic for somebody? Now we enter the world that I would chapter two. I'm going to call this just do a good job, and honestly. And by good job, I don't mean magic sauce job. I don't mean. A perfect job. I don't mean kill yourself working 80 hours a week job, but care enough to implement the systems that you know are the basis of a good Google ads campaign or a good Facebook ads campaign. And sorry to say, but that is both the differentiator between a good marketing agency and then either the do it yourselfers or the bad agencies. Either one, it's the differentiator, and it also happens to be the low barrier point of entry into good agency world. Kind of you ever heard? You ever heard Glenn Livingston talk about, was it Glenn? Talk about the barrier to entry for a classic business. So the the the common example, is that if you're a Mexican restaurant, you just jolly well better serve free tortilla chips as as at the beginning of the meal without asking, because everybody expects to get free tortilla chips when they sit down, they're waiting for their order to be served. I think I'm messing up the wording. It's not buried. It's, I think it's point of entry, yeah, and it's no longer a differentiator. Once upon a time, some Mexican restaurant did that for the first time. And for a little while, there was a point of differentiation, and anybody would have come to that restaurant, because, hey, man, we love the free chips and salsa at the beginning of the meal. But now everybody does it. Does it. So it's no longer unique, like, like DSP, USP, it's not unique anymore. It's actually expected and so and so. Simply doing good work is both the differentiator. It's also the required minimum, like you You better point of entry, and it's also the 99 one

Speaker 1  26:58
beyond that in the current world of traffic is creative, which you and I have discussed this many times. I am not good at producing videos, but like that is the next thing in the chain of in the chain of, hey, Mr. Business Owner, what do you need? What? What is your agency need to be doing for you. If you want a good agency, well, they have to do the the minimum of campaign structure, settings and tracking. Well, that's the tortilla chips. They better be there. And sure enough, there's still a lot of agencies that don't do that well, that don't serve the tortilla chips. And that's our that's our main lever. You know, it's kind of like, okay, if your agency is serving the tortilla chips and they're good at creative and they've got a handle on x, y and z, then honestly, you don't need us, because we don't have magic sauce. That's better than that. And even if we did, it would probably be based on some short term thing that's going to go away or change in the marketing landscape in a year or two. So we don't want to work with you only on the basis of that particular thing. Does that make sense? Yes, it does. And so So structurally, 99 one is, is what I'm calling the tortilla chips. Is the basics of do the campaign structure, settings and tracking, right? Do it well and care. In other words, do all the basic things taught in Perry's Ultimate Guide to Google AdWords. Okay? Step two, how do you do better than another agency? If we're talking about Facebook ads or YouTube ads, it does mean better with videos. And admittedly, I'm not the video guy, although I think we could get there, I also don't think we have to start there on day one, because we know that Google Search works quite well, extremely well, yeah. So we can totally start with that, get in you and I can get our feet under us, and then experiment with, how do you do a winning YouTube ad for a shed company later on, once, once we have some funding to to hire creative people, is basically what that boils down to. And then three, this is beginning to drift out of my lane and into your lane. Three is the funnel, as we all know so like, literally, the landing page conversion optimization, how that's done? Is it a quiz or an opt in form or whatever? Four of course, is the offer that's where it has nothing to do with me, even though, so sorry. Let me back up. I Jonathan Wilson probably not going to get involved in helping a shed company get a better offer. But we know, as a universal business principle USP, DSP, that they do need a good offer. And And again, we might be talking about tortilla shifts because I don't chips because I don't know that there's any shed company out there that actually has a magic shed, I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure a shed is a shed. You can have a plastic shed, you can have a log shed, you could have an all metal shed, but at the end of the day, they're all still you can care about your shed like, like Gabe did. I mean, remember when we first worked with, oh yeah, talked about how they actually built their sheds better and they didn't collapse on the trailer on the way there, because they use thicker wood and better screws. That That means something that's good, but that, but that's and that's probably as good as it gets, but it's also probably, like, almost, almost tortilla chip level. Like, if you're going to, yeah, be in business and stay in business, your shed better not collapse on the way to be delivered, right? Candidly,

Matthias Miller  30:44
that's a yawn to consumers. I mean, who cares?

Speaker 1  30:48
Like that's that's closer to tortilla chips at this point? Exactly. Yeah, better happen. Um, better screws, better rubber lining. Uh, UPS, those are more upsells than DSPs, right? Because most people just want cheap shit that that is going to laugh for a minute. So then beyond that is all the business sales and operations, and that's fully out of my department, even though in the long run, it would affect their online marketing, traffic, branding and all that. Does that make sense? Absolutely And so I guess, I think what I just tried to do is explain that there's not a whole whether, whether we are talking about the traffic the building and delivery of the shed or anything else, there's probably not a lot of magic sauce for you and I to go find a shed guy, I'm sorry, a shed business owner who is happy with his agency and say, switch to us. We have better magic sauce. I just don't think this operation is going to work that way. But there should be plenty of room to walk in and say, what your agency doesn't even serve tortilla chips. You're kidding me, work with us. Does that make sense?

Matthias Miller  32:13
I like it, okay? I like it. I like it. Like it. Like it. I forgot. I

Speaker 1  32:18
actually want to back I want to back that up by quoting somebody besides myself. So a few years ago, Mike Rhodes, who I still have probably more respect for him than anybody else, as far as doing Google ads, well, reiterated one month that he was constantly astonished by how the big customers like the good big customers that every agency owner wants, just didn't know the basics, like, for example, and he would quote this a lot. They didn't even know that Google Ads had scripts, and these were companies spending multiple millions of dollars a month where a script might actually save them a lot of money. Yeah, right. And that's, that's not Mike wasn't vouching for the use of scripts, and I'm not standing here selling scripts, but he was literally saying, like, the good ones with money, they're not even paying attention. They don't they don't even know tortilla chips exist, or at least they never looked at the basket that was holding the chips. And that's who we want to work with. We don't want to work with somebody who would be like, you know, maybe what Eugene Ulrich is now, or was a while ago where he actually did all of his own homework. We don't have anything to offer him, because we don't have magic sauce, right,

Matthias Miller  33:36
right, right, right, right, right. We need the Okay, so this is very interesting, and I think it's a shift, and I like it, and part of me hates it, and I don't know what to do with that, all of that, but it's the level. No, it's the cell execution. I mean, just show up, and it's basically the pitch to them is, look every guy, every time you do a shed, you check and double check that you did it right before you send it out the door. Do the same thing with your business, and that's what we do with your marketing. I mean, it's not rocket science.

Speaker 1  34:11
I think our strength and this is certainly not full blown. What's that? Red ocean? Blue Ocean. I always get that confused. It's not this is not magic sauce, and it's not full blown red ocean either. But in the real world, you really don't find many agencies that are trying to help them with the whole scope the market, the traffic, the middle and end of the funnel, and the sales and operations and the bit and the business numbers, the Tim Francis stuff, the stuff you want to do. It's really rare that somebody else, I'm not I'm not saying they don't exist at all, but most of our competitors just want to do Google ads, or just want to do traffic, or just want to build funnel, just want to do emails copywriting. And we're saying like we we can. Into the whole sales and marketing, and even its impact on your ops. We're not going to build a shed for you and we're not going to run your HR, but everything from how do we get people, you know, I'm just going to call it the traffic, all the way down to look at the effect that your salespeople are having on your business's bottom line, that's what we're bringing in as a package. And what do you know? We're experts in the shed industry. Specifically, we're not just doing this to a million different people, and you happen to be a shed guy today? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  35:36
yeah. I, I like it. I Gabe was very much a magic sauce guy, in retrospect,

Speaker 1  35:48
and you can't help it. Well, it's gonna happen. It's

Matthias Miller  35:51
gonna happen. We'll get better at weeding it out. And it's not even the worst experience in the world. I mean, goodness, get

Speaker 1  35:58
better at finding magic sauce. So, so now that I'm old, jaded and cynical, that's partially tongue in cheek and partially true. You know, if we actually cranked up an agency here and had some money to spend, what the one thing I've never I have Sorry, sorry. Let me back up. I have tried to go find the magic sauce on my own for a decade and a half now, yeah, last thing that I can even think to do that I've not yet done, and I have heard some smart people like Todd Brown, say this works for them sometimes, is to start hiring all the very best people and talk to them and have them look at it with me, or or, or pick their in exchange for money, which I've never had for an hour or a day. If I, if I systematically hired every guru in the known marketing universe, one at a time for a day, and it might cost $100,000 a day, I have no idea. But if I did that, by the time I got through 100 of those, I think anybody, even Perry, would agree that there's probably not any more magic sauce left out there that we didn't try to find. Yeah, you would still have the atheist problem somewhere on an island, disconnected from the rest of us, in some corner of the universe, there'd be somebody who actually has magic sauce, and we miss them. But nobody has funnier time to actually talk to all 9 billion people alive on planet Earth.

Matthias Miller  37:28
So somewhere there's a Dan Kennedy. He only talks to

Speaker 1  37:33
be a facts, but again, applying 8020 to ourselves, I think it won't matter at that point, right? Because if that's what it took to good business, everybody be sunk.

Matthias Miller  37:46
So here's what I like. I would love to build the entire business model now that you're talking about it on Okay, I think one of the star principal fan, I get it. I have to admit, I drink the Kool Aid. But second to that, two of my favorite business books are work the system by Sam Carpenter and the four disciplines of execution. And if we could do nothing but shift the culture through whatever means necessary, mindset of the owner, you know, tools, tactics, behavior, training, whatever mechanism, accountability, whatever mechanism necessary to actually get people within the company Colby, I don't care what tool we use, as long as it's not abusive, deceitful and exploitive to get them to do what they actually need to do. Like, this thing could just be an execution based thing like, yes, we give you the blueprint, but then we just, we make sure that the things happen that need to happen. And it's not rocket science. Your main edge over the competitors is just doing what you know to do better, or doing it more often, not even better, just doing it, doing it more consistently, and maybe a

Speaker 1  39:17
little bit better if you stop it. The majority of business consulting gurus, whatever you want to call the whole stripe of them. Most of them would actually recommend that you just put out all the content, all the value, all the whatever. Anyway you're Yes, some people are going to use your stuff for free and you never make a dime from them. Or some are going to buy just actually, most are going to buy just the cheapest product, and they're going to do it themselves, and they're not going to pay you to implement it. But then, in the context of doing that, you're going to find a few good customers, and so if we give them the blueprint or the discovery, or anything, anything at all, and they go their own way with it, or don't like us, or have their agency do it instead. But it's actually not a loss. It's probably part of doing business on a bigger scale, no matter what.

Matthias Miller  40:08
Well, and you build thought leadership, yeah, as a result of that and authority, so there's a trade, yeah?

Matthias Miller  40:23
Well,

Speaker 1  40:26
I'm a little curious about something here. Oh, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna reference Alice McCarthy and critique myself here in a moment. But when we started this call, were you kind of thinking in the back of your mind that the either the only way, or maybe I should say the best, preferred way for this to work was for you to actually have magic sauce in the media buying department.

Matthias Miller  40:55
No, I think it's just my own internal brain working probably. I don't really know. Probably me just falling, falling captive to the lizard ring myself. I don't know. I

Speaker 1  41:08
agree, and it's totally reasonable. And trust me, if I could get my hands on some magic sauce, I would love that, and it would be an easier sales pitch. Work with me. I'm the only guy in the world that can get you leads for five cents, and they're verified and proven, right? You know? Like, that'd be awesome, but it just doesn't it really, yeah, but so

Matthias Miller  41:30
you're going to defy basic economics, like they're, they're not going to be five cents a dozen for long exactly.

Speaker 1  41:36
You got it. You got it. So can I have a 92nd so I'm sorry right back. No worries. I

Unknown Speaker  42:38
and I'm back all

Matthias Miller  42:41
right, so here's where I want to go. From your standpoint, the fastest way to ramp this up is, do we? Do you have a way to go to me, the most obvious thing is, go find every website you spilled list up there or something. And nobody did every website that has, every website that exists that mentions storage sheds, and find every one of them that doesn't run Google

Speaker 1  43:17
ads. Yeah, we could. The only thing that crosses my mind is exactly what you just said, something like built with, or one of those similar tools.

Matthias Miller  43:26
So, and if we wanted to make that our introductory offer, and we got to figure out pricing and how much you get, how much do I get and all that, Oh, yeah. And that could be a, that could be a we could start recruiting those guests onto the podcast, yeah, and then have conversations with them. Be like, okay, by the way, I just noticed you're not running Google ads. I'm curious or or just ask them. I couldn't tell whether you were, are you and if not, why not? Would you be open to, you know, open to doing that basically,

Speaker 1  44:21
yeah, yeah, yeah. And, I think, and, sir, that's fine. I also don't think we have to automatically go all the way down to those who are not running Google ads, although it would be very interesting if we could find ones that were running Facebook and weren't running and that would be an issue tale I would kind of hate to dive all the way into, or maybe I should say only focus on the ones who are not doing paid traffic, because then you have to you. Have to fight the entire why Google is a thing and, right? You know, okay, you don't want, you don't want to train those people from scratch to love Google.

Matthias Miller  45:12
Okay, so, so here's, here's another very end. So, I mean, just do what I've been planning to do all along, Soul discoveries. And as part of the discovery, give, give Google Ads access to you, potentially myself as well, and let us audit your account as part of the discovery, it makes perfect sense. And just go sell discoveries. I think the question for me is what transparently the last Josh typically encouraged selling discoveries for like 5k and spreading it out across 30 days so they don't know your hourly rate. And, yeah, also great conversation about why, why hourly rate has nothing to do with head trash and it has everything to do with what kinds of problems do you solve? So last client, I sold it at 3k and spent two days on site. Day and a half, almost two days, I'm gonna do some follow calls, etc. So it's probably more than what it's way over delivering. It's probably like 2x value, I don't know easily, so I'm guessing somewhere, like, we're planning to sell this at 5k and we're doing introductory offers 3k to get started, or for the first five or four first five, we already did one. Or we're doing it for the person to the end of the year. I don't know what it is, some kind of, kind of quick start bonus, yeah, kind of what, what would you all right, let me. Let me have one more. One more class. I've been part of conversations, particularly with my brother, where I may, on one hand, I'm the vendor and I should set my pricing, and on the other hand, the other hand, there's this word convoluted thing where he ends up selling the pricing. And I, I really don't want to take advantage of you because of your situation all this, and I also don't want to be just pessimistic and small minded. I'm also really interested in getting momentum. What I think in the past, you've mentioned, like $1,000 for audit, is that where your head space is at less than that, more than that, what are your thoughts?

Speaker 1  47:55
Beggars? Can't be choosers. And I'm down to, like, make me an offer, and if I can possibly make it work, I certainly will. Yeah, yes, I so that's just hilarious. Are we talking about apples, oranges or kumquats? That what you just said about $1,000 for an audit is generically true, yes. But does that need to apply to this situation? No. Does not what I would prefer serious, really seriously, I would prefer that you I really do think that what you have to sell is not leads or traffic. I think it's your whole package, right? The all the professional consulting, insights, financials, operations, sales team and all that. So I don't think that just only a like traffic audit is the way to go, because now we're going to look like every other Google ads or Facebook ads agency when that's not even our strength and what we're trying to bring to the table. But if, but if the traffic audit can't talk today, traffic audit can be part of what you're selling as a discovery process. And you know, I sure hope you can pay more than 10 bucks, but literally, at this point, anything to get this ball rolling. You tell me the numbers that work for you when, when you say, Okay, I want to offer them. A, B, C, D, x, y and z. Jonathan is x, and I'm charging whatever five grand, three grand, 1900 you know, 95 bucks, and that means I can give Jonathan whatever 250 or 500 or 450 or whatever it is, I'm totally willing to do that, especially in the context of, well, what we're trying to do here is build a business that will provide scalable, long term revenue anyway, and it's not really about the 400 bucks. Yes, right? I certainly don't want to jump all the way to, hey, let's do unlimited free audits as a way to get a fair but. But again, that's almost more about even. That's almost more about positioning than than income to hours ratio.

Matthias Miller  50:15
Well, you land a fat report on somebody's desk, and you sit them down, and you walk them through it, line by line by line is the whole John Mendoza thing of make them read each contract line by eye, poking line. I can't do that, but you get the picture. Yeah, you can't help but demand respect. Speaking

Speaker 1  50:39
of gurus from the old days, do you remember Brian Eisenberg? He helped develop Perry's whole the conversion Trinity, which I think inspired Perry's tactical triangle. You remember him before me? That's like old Perry days. I think Brian had come and gone before I even found Perry in 2013 why I actually know Brian just the hair I was brave enough to reach out to him and ask him some questions once he's he happens to live in Austin. And funny side story, I once asked Brian Eisenberg if I could use an electrical outlet if you want to hear the rest of that. Remind me at the end of this story, but it is called, I mean, but anyway, Brian told me at one point that he Brian and his agency. Now this was basically about CRO, you know, optimization, but he used to charge $10,000 to deliver, I think, what you have in mind right now a report that was very well done, professionally done, and basically went through all the things that your website or whatever is lacking and what you need to change to get from here to there. And I know that was a little bit old days, the mechanics of that probably don't work quite the same, but with enough positioning and all, I think you can charge handsomely for report. And that also means that you can pay somebody, not you, not me, somebody else, to make it look pretty. Yep, so, so, so agreed in mind, and then yes, if it's probably, if it's thick, detailed and accurate, exactly what you said, it's 100 pages long, it looks really good. It's not fluff, it's actually meaningful. And they're going to be like, Wow, okay, I didn't know that we're going to chew on this and have you help us implement I'm sure there's a happy medium too. You want to dress people, but Right, okay, yep, agree. Um, so why don't you crunch some numbers and let me know what the real world looks like to you. I do think charging for discovery is important. I mean, if out of everything, I've heard John paulman Dutch say for Perry in the last 20 years, that whole charge your value up front because it makes the customer treat it with respect, like it is valuable. I think that's really important. Yep, otherwise known as no free audits,

Matthias Miller  53:30
no free audits, no free ads. And I think, yep, yep, yep, yep, okay, let me. Let me do that. It's not gonna be less than 500 i Yeah, and some of that already, so I can tell you that. And I think I'm debating slightly whether I want to pay you to have pay you to do it on the current client I have in the wing.

Matthias Miller  54:13
So but if I do, I should probably get that decided quickly, rather than I

Matthias Miller  54:25
do you need agency access to do an audit?

Speaker 1  54:28
Yeah, yes, we got to be able to actually see in the Google Ads account. And I constantly have people want to like, Oh, let me add you as a user, or whatever place, over and over and over, it's like, let's not play games. I'm the doctor. If you want me to diagnose you, just the ID number is I'm going to plug it in, you're going to click Accept, and that's all there is to it.

Matthias Miller  54:53
Yeah, exactly, exactly. And

Speaker 1  54:56
if you want an MCC of your own for branding purposes, that's. Absolutely fine. No, no problem.

Matthias Miller  55:02
Whatever you want. Can I add you to my MPC temporarily just to get access to this client at least? Yes,

Speaker 1  55:10
yep. Just to share with our it's saying, actually, the fastest way to do it is actually the same. Just tell me what you're my MCC is 10 digit number up there in the top right. You know, copy

Matthias Miller  55:22
I will. I'm going into I'm trying to get back to my office to get on another call in about three minutes. Um, but as soon as I sit down, I will fire that out while I'm just getting up the new meeting, hopefully, and get that over to you and I can get that added and let me know how you went. If you're good with $500 let me know the best way to pay you that.

Speaker 1  55:48
Yep, that's good. I'll drop you a reminder and signal. Tell me which account we're talking about once we're set up. And yes, I will drop you the link. Sounds like you gotta go, but let's talk again soon?

Matthias Miller  56:03
Yes, yeah. I guess if there's anything that you have, I don't know how much or how little you want to be involved. So the big thing I'm working to nail down right now is, what's the identity piece? Is there an identity we can we can assign to these guys, aspirationally, shed Titan, shed guild, something that they're a part of, that we can build a podcast and everything else around. So I don't know if you have opinions on that, but that's the big thing, and hoping to get the podcast launched the next for sure by the end of next week. Yep, so cool. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  56:55
we'll touch base again soon. All right. Sounds good. Thanks,

Matthias Miller  56:57
Jonathan.

Unknown Speaker  56:58
Thanks bye for now. Yeah. Yes, I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai