Speaker 1  00:50
Work with us you sent you a link for the meeting or maybe you

Matthias Miller  01:01
should have it in his invite should be the same one as earlier today

Unknown Speaker  01:09
same as earlier today okay

Unknown Speaker  01:19
thing should be the same?

Unknown Speaker  03:11
We're getting getting ready here Matthias I think we're

Speaker 1  03:25
right yeah, I'm just gonna do it back there, close the door then I won't. And then you also have the numbers examples

Unknown Speaker  03:43
yeah

Unknown Speaker  03:53
oh, I don't I don't think there's any who doesn't have anything that basically on getting the Chart of Accounts important working with Arun on what he's doing there as far as in

Speaker 1  04:17
getting understanding there so once you have anything else I think the main thing to cover here would be what we would call it would it how are we going to integrate payroll module and assist with payroll software which is basically assist says here's the gross amounts I want to pay. We take that information into here also software gives us is the net pay IRS the with the withholdings and here is where also the From the portion that they have to pay above and beyond that, then have a way to simply take that information from the payroll software, and push that back into this. So that assists then it's your liabilities to

Speaker 1  05:28
it's the payroll liabilities into the liabilities until they get paid. And also net pay a mountain. So that assists those can be paid out in assists. So. That's I mean, Drew, your your plan is to use QuickBooks to do zero, right? Or is there? Is that what you're intending to use?

Speaker 2  05:55
I mean, that's what I'd be familiar with. And that's what you're already using. So yeah, that's what I would go with. No, anything could be used as long as we can, you know, make the to work together. But, you know, assuming assuming you use QuickBooks, yeah.

Speaker 1  06:15
And I think starting out, we're okay with a fairly manual process. We're not necessarily looking to do full integration. We aren't by any means, but could be as basic, starting out as, or as manual, it's just manually typing in all the amounts

Matthias Miller  06:43
wandering back in? There's, there's a few ways I can see this work. Oh, go ahead.

Speaker 1  06:52
No, I was just, I mean, I think the ideal that we would like to end up with would be something like just an import export, where you just an Excel file, drop it into your payroll software, and then route that information back into assists, but kind of a high level. So sure,

Matthias Miller  07:22
we can push out we can push out gross payroll numbers. And then putting it back in, I could see two, well, there's lots there's three options, I immediately see option number one is we give you a special report. With that's an editable report, just like a kind of like a spreadsheet built into assist, and it shows you the gross number, then you put in it's got a column for the employee tax expense, the company tax expense, well, or well, or just gorgeous, the tax amount or the end or the net, whichever you want. And it creates a vendor invoice with the SKU adjustments to handle the we would use the the additional SKU line items, whatever it is to make it to take another gross and payroll liability accounts. And so basically, what you would do is you would pull up a report put in put in either the tax amounts or the net amounts, whichever ones you want and save it and it would automatically create the vendor invoices with the appropriate line items.

Speaker 2  08:58
That would be a report that would have the gross that's where we would start from and then as we process the payroll, we just put our numbers or tax numbers back in. Right. So Mark, you were talking about payroll for some while payroll are they happening every week because some are weekly right?

Speaker 2  09:28
But then for some it would not be every week like when we just we would just simply put numbers in for what we did run and then the rest would just stay as it is if it wasn't there a week to run.

Matthias Miller  09:55
Correct. You might it's up to you whether you enter it timesheets weekly are not. But I mean, you're not gonna want to enter your vendor invoices anyway until it's the week we're in it. So yeah.

Speaker 2  10:21
Yeah, I mean, on the on the payroll software side, all we need is the net amount for that period or not in that gross, gross payroll amount for that person. So that, you know, that's pretty simple they're

Unknown Speaker  10:54
going

Speaker 2  11:00
with that would that she have we would just have to make manual entry, then I guess for the for the company taxes then?

Matthias Miller  11:17
Well, sorry that she could I was looking at this not. Not looking at this closely enough. Now, we have two columns, one for employee taxes and one for company taxes, since you could split that out and put those into separate accounts.

Unknown Speaker  11:38
Okay, okay.

Matthias Miller  11:41
Now, option two would be option one would be let me enter it like that. Option two. Is we could also, if there's a way that you can do an export from QuickBooks, we could possibly take a look at doing an import from QuickBooks. But I don't know.

Speaker 2  12:05
Yeah. Um, there's a variety, here's just the general record.

Speaker 2  12:20
Let me share my screen. Guess what I do that to get rid of here?

Speaker 2  12:34
There. So this is just a mock up report that I can pull out a quick.

Unknown Speaker  12:43
So here would be our tag line. And that a line? And then our employer contributions. So those would be the the numbers that we need to go back in. And

Speaker 2  13:03
I think the employer numbers, I don't think these numbers line up. I just deleted a bunch of thing, but

Unknown Speaker  13:13
I think the employer number probably, Mark, are we needing more than just a total on that?

Speaker 1  13:22
Well, okay, if we a total per, you're saying per company for the week or per employee?

Speaker 2  13:31
Yeah. Are we needing? Are we needing the amount per employee? Company taxes? Are the kind of you

Speaker 1  13:42
know, ideally, I mean, ideally, we would have our taxes per employee. So that was the sales managers employee tax. And so in, in the right order advances the admin admin and yeah.

Speaker 2  14:02
So as per group, at least, which they're not going to be grouped, so for employee would be good. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:10
So you would have Okay, first of all, so So you're playing the track? Well, clearly. Okay. We clearly need to track let me make sure I got the straight. So you've got the total gross pay we're generating that makes sense. Total taxes withheld. The taxes withheld would be expensed out in one area, and that is not a liability because you've withheld it. And then the then the total employer taxes and contributions on top of that would be a payroll liability that also needs to be tracked so that you can

Speaker 2  14:54
I mean, it's the employee portion that is withheld is a liability to us until we pay it but it gets expensed through that labor not is not, you know, I thought additional taxes because it is expense out of the labor. But that liability would all be I mean, that's a short term liability, that's all just going to be rolling around in the payroll and it won't show up in assist as our liabilities. But you know, what you're saying? And in fact, in fact, I don't think the employer part how did I have that? I'm not even sure if that will be a liability when that comes over.

Matthias Miller  16:01
So, then the other thing we need to consider is in the percentage breakdown, we need to know we need to know not only what is the Okay, well, let me let me clarify this question make sure this is right. So the so the the amount withheld from the paycheck is the employer portion, the employee portion and the additional on top is the company portion right. And in the same way that we split down split out the percentage GL accounts for each you know, the actual labor itself we need the same way to be able to split out the employer and employee portions into separate GL accounts based on the individual themselves right

Speaker 1  16:58
correct. Now we were okay I'm just using sales as an example this what we're planning to do is So, if we have a sales manager, we have a management wages account where but post rose pay directly to management wages are okay, the GL accounts that were way we have it set we have sales expenses, wages and benefits and then underneath wages and benefits, we have management wages, sales, wages and support wages for those three different types of employees working in sales. And then we have a payroll taxes and insurance. So, underneath wages and benefits, you have four different GL accounts, the management wages, I was expecting would have the net pay and employ found which then the sales wage would have you know, the salesperson their net pay and their withholding in this way. And then portion would all be for all those employees and sales would all be grouped in payroll taxes and insurance. I don't have a strong opinion on I mean, it should should the company portion also be pushed into brand play be pushed into the right, like management sales or support? Or do we do we not even Is it is it easier to say? But we'll post the net and the employer withholdings, is it easier to say well just post the gross Brexit to that expense and then take care of the at end by withholdings balance sheet in in liabilities, payroll and accrued payroll liabilities?

Speaker 2  19:52
Let me where's that? Where's that? The GL account or at The the tax we just talked about taxes insurance sales

Speaker 1  20:08
expenses, let me send that out. I think it'll make I'll just send you this sent this out real quick

Speaker 1  20:50
let me know when you get that and then we'll just walk through this. I think this will make more sense than Yeah. So for this example, like here we're looking at the combat section, you've got sales expenses, and then underneath that wages and underneath wages benefits, you have the three different levels of employees and then payroll taxes and insurance. So if we take the example of an employee that is paid $1,000, gross pay for a week that many dollars is employee withholdings and how many portion is 40 $45? So once it's all like on income statement, what I would like to ideally is drill down into let's assume this is a sales manager, if you will into management wages, have a transaction of $930 it pay

Unknown Speaker  22:15
that employee $70. By withholdings and then underneath payroll taxes and insurance you have $45.

Unknown Speaker  22:41
is how

Unknown Speaker  22:46
your management wages is that just the net pay?

Speaker 1  22:52
It would be the net pay plus the okay imply withholdings are it would be the gross pay so maybe it's easy the gross gross pay directly to that.

Speaker 2  23:04
Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's what I was thinking that that was going to be gross pay. And then payroll taxes insurance is your company. portion right?

Speaker 1  23:17
Yeah. So would that be easy to do it like that like, is the gross pay or clarifying question gross pay is always equal to net pay minus employee withholdings.

Speaker 2  23:36
No applause but yeah, like growth? Yeah. Growth is gonna be your to put together your withholdings and your net. And that's gonna be just, you know, that hourly thumb or total, whatever product that you get out of off your timesheet is gonna be what's gonna go there in that management wages.

Speaker 1  24:09
But yeah, that would make it that makes sense. And then the comp now, if you say the company portion, it's easier to just also put that to the exact same Allah con, like, management wages, or are the employees working rather than putting it in the same like payroll taxes and insurance in sales or if he's an admin, you know, in admin, payroll taxes and insurance.

Speaker 2  24:45
They're saying is it easier to put them in employee and the, like the employee portion of the company portion together in one GL account? Wow, are you A all employees into one payroll not splitting them out whether management or sales or

Speaker 1  25:09
No, I'm saying Would it be easier to put grows, the individual employees gross pay and his company portion all in management wages arvesen sales put it all in sales

Unknown Speaker  25:27
I'm

Speaker 2  25:34
an independent hire getting that number. Like the way I had, I think the way I was thinking is the number that USCIS has with management wages comes from the payroll system within us. And so

Speaker 2  26:07
so we would be adding the company portion back into that account, by itself anyway, because the employee portion is already there. So, if we're adding the company portion to an account, by itself, we can we can put it anywhere, you know, it's not, it's not like we need to move something, because we want it in a different town.

Speaker 2  26:45
I think with the with the external payroll processing, I think it is simpler for that management wages to just stay at a gross wages, and then keep the company portion separate. If you're wanting to look at you know, if you're wanting net pay versus employee tax, and all that kind of stuff. There could be a report on the text that you paid to employees to come up with that net pay, if you come out of the payroll, software, QuickBooks or whatever. There's a couple other places that that could come from, if you actually want those separated numbers.

Speaker 1  27:38
Well, I don't know that there's any value. I mean, at the end on the income statement. When I look at management wages, I want to see what was my gross pay today? What was what was my? What did it for management wages or for sales wages, which would be the gross pay? So I don't feel like there's any value in those pay. Then what I'm a little stuck on is how would we channel like the company portion to the correct. Right GL account once we have that amount when it would? To me it looks like something like if if this employee is his default GL account is sales expenses slash wages and benefits. And it's not any portion is always matches the matches everything but the final child account. We replaced the final child account with payroll taxes and insurance. So we look at what was subtype and what category listed. And then we basically say no, no, this we don't want this management wages or sales or poor wages we want in taxes and insurance. And that should be pretty straightforward to

Speaker 2  29:06
well up, and we're also like payroll taxes and insurance is an expense. So we're only picking that expense. When we actually pay those liabilities, like once a month, or whatever schedule it's on.

Speaker 1  29:33
But wouldn't know, push those? Wouldn't we push those expenses in? I'm assuming we're going to do payroll. Maybe we wouldn't. I was assuming we would run these numbers weekly even if we don't pay people weekly, bi weekly. Wouldn't we still post the company portion to the expense that week and it would just force it would just accrue or liabilities until until whenever we pay them and then it would.

Speaker 2  30:07
Yeah, yeah. If you wanted to go in every week, then it should be a liability account. That's just a cruise. And then when the payment actually made then then it would go to

Unknown Speaker  30:23
so, yeah, if you're wanting to update that weekly when payroll is run, then yeah, there should be a company portion liabilities account. And for that matter, there should be, boy. There should be liability account for for all the different wage accounts as well. That might be interesting.

Speaker 1  31:02
Why couldn't you just do an accrued payroll like for the

Unknown Speaker  31:12
are all payroll like all?

Speaker 2  31:17
Like accrued liabilities for for all payroll? Yeah, um, let me think a little bit.

Speaker 1  31:27
Or I was imagining you would have three different accrued accounts, you'd have accrued payroll, which would be your net pay, accrued company taxes, accrued company payroll taxes, and accrued employee liabilities? are not those ones? Oh.

Speaker 2  31:55
Yeah, because we have that accrued, we have that accumulated labor. So we're debit we're expressing the wages in each of those categories. And then it goes into the accrued labor until we run it that accumulated or accrued labor, we could move from we can move the net amount.

Speaker 2  32:34
I think that could work. And we would just, yeah, I think that would work. And we just keep those as a employee portion liability that's accruing, and the company apportion liability that's accruing. And they would all go in there against the expense to their particular category of wage or segment they're in.

Matthias Miller  33:21
So one question, I don't know if I understand this, right. So are you planning to calculate this you would still be for the for the people you pay every two weeks, for example, you'd still be putting in the gross for those two weeks into QuickBooks and then pulling out the all of those sub pieces for those two weeks, or would you be calculating the payroll amounts on a weekly basis, but just posting those as payroll liabilities and then at the end of those, you know, after so one week, you would accumulate those liabilities the next week, you would enter the second week's worth and then pay out the net that you owe them from those two weeks.

Speaker 2  34:18
It can be done either way. The simplest way would of course, just be the you know, if it's, if it's the week for on the weekly people, you just you just run weekly people. And if it's, if it's a week for weekly and bi weekly. You just run all two weeks together for the bi weekly people. That would be the simplest, but you could do it otherwise you can just every week enter whatever accrued hours there is. Sense. As just if you don't If you don't actually run the payroll and pay them, I don't think you're gonna get British or you won't get your payroll liability amount to put back in as accrued liabilities, you know, for the new company portion accrued liabilities because you don't accrue them they actually pay the check. So yeah, I mean just running, you know, when it's two weeks, you run the two week, peoples both weeks together would would be the simplest and there wouldn't really be too much benefit. And otherwise, unless there's a program different.

Matthias Miller  35:41
So basically, in the QuickBooks side, you would run the payroll as if you were writing a check, push all this information across and then use the vendor invoice to push out the ACH transactions.

Matthias Miller  35:58
And then for the company payroll liability, so you would want to Okay, so let's use that $1,000 example. So you would have $930 Decrease in from the bank account of $1,000 management wage expense, a $70. employee payroll, suddenly no increase on employee payroll liability, a $45 expense on payroll taxes and insurance and a $45 increase on company payroll liability.

Unknown Speaker  36:39
Yeah, thanks. So, follow up, right, all that.

Matthias Miller  36:43
I mean, basically, I mean, basically, you have $1,000, net, gross pay 930 Net Pay coming out of the bank account, and then you have the difference, that would be an employee payroll liability. So that it but then for the for the company portion, you would expense out the company portion. And increase the company payroll live? ability? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Which would still transaction now to? Yeah.

Speaker 2  37:15
You know, and then some of those, some of those liabilities, you're paying monthly, some of that you're paying quarterly, it all depends on schedules you're on. And that's when you clear out that liability.

Matthias Miller  37:29
And then you guys would just do that when you whenever you make the payment, you would make the payment out of out of the liability account, and it should always be drifting towards I mean, drifting, drifting up and up and down and drifting towards zero or whatever the average liability balances.

Unknown Speaker  37:44
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  37:52
So then, it is impossible to automatically create. Well, okay, so So let's talk it Well, first of all, it's impossible to create vendor invoices automatically, without some kind of feedback from the payroll processor, which makes sense. And I think the question from here is, could we use something like, I know, we've looked at things like transaction pro in the past or something like that? Can we use do we want to try to use something like that to streamline the export process? Or do you guys want to do we want to craft some kind of import file and you guys come up with a fancy Excel sheet Did you can do an export like you showed and reformat the stuff into the appropriate columns. So it all oops, we lost through

Matthias Miller  38:52
Mark, are you still on?

Unknown Speaker  38:54
I am.

Speaker 1  39:17
Trying to reconnect? Well, I can just put my phone on speaker and we can just cover it back here. But you're but you have a 345 meeting with Dwayne right.

Matthias Miller  39:29
Yeah, I do. I think bottom line, I think I have at least I mean, I have a bit of a picture of some pieces that need to be squared away to make this work namely the the employee payroll liability and company payroll liability will be the same across the entire company for all employees. But the but the net Oh, that's not.

Speaker 1  40:03
Yeah, the liabilities portion will be the same across the entire company. Okay.

Matthias Miller  40:07
And then the payroll taxes and insurance, the expense account on the company portion may change.

Speaker 1  40:17
Yes. And if we could have a default account or accounts split, you know, by percentage or an employee that would be ideal.

Matthias Miller  40:33
Correct? Same as we're doing on the the employee portion? What? Yes. So you'd have one for the net pay, and one for the fun for the net pay, and one for the employee taxes. Alright, so then the next question would be, which we don't have time to get to today is can we? Sorry, my brain is blinking. Can we use something like? Do you guys want to manually enter this information into assist? Or do should we? Should we can you take a look at something like transaction Pro, and see if something like that could pull payroll information out? Or I guess another option would be if you've got a payroll report, you can run, you put together a fancy you could put together a fancy spreadsheet that would pull that information out and reformat it into a way that could be imported into assist. Do you guys have an opinion? about which direction you want to go with that? Well,

Speaker 1  41:51
just my opinion, given the the timeframes we're trying to hit the other priorities we have. My opinion is we should probably just we should start with with it manual. Take a little bit more time on data entry, but start out manual and then look to either do the import or something like transaction Pro.

Matthias Miller  42:20
Good, we'll go down that road. A think if I remember right, there was one other piece that we wanted Drew's input on for Tuesday, is it correct? Or is this all that we need Drew's input on the design side of stuff.

Speaker 1  42:38
What we wanted to know what I had was we wanted through to the possible test the FBI allocation. Now in the live system, those block of buildings that we had tested. You that you'd gotten stuck at a certain point and see if that still, if you run into a block there again, or if any of you do then talk about that Tuesday 10 Like how do we get beyond this?

Unknown Speaker  43:08
That was in the live system? Yeah, we were

Speaker 1  43:15
Yeah. Basically, an update from do like a everything work exactly like it was intended. Or here's where I got stuck. How to help me. Is it something in the system? Or am I doing something wrong?

Matthias Miller  43:41
Cool.

Unknown Speaker  43:43
Good. Well, we are

Speaker 3  43:46
perfect timing. Hey, before you before Mark jumps off here. If you're going to do FTA allocations in the last system, do I need to move over the the the rules for labor intensive building rules?

Speaker 1  44:06
No, we can do? No, we can do this testing. Now we're fine to do this without. Without that we're just doing it on a small block of buildings. So that's actually I prefer you not move it over because it's going to change values on what we had pull out, we pull out this information promises and worked it up in a spreadsheet. And if you move those rules over, it'll no longer match with the example that we have on the spreadsheet that says a spreadsheet so no, just for now. Keep them in the system.

Speaker 3  44:48
Okay, because I made the notes. I wrote those all in there and tested them over there and they seem to have been working so if you want them moved over again, if not, that's fine.

Speaker 1  45:00
We'll leave them there for now and then we'll yeah later we'll want to move them over I'm sure

Unknown Speaker  45:11
Okay

Matthias Miller  45:14
sounds good. Thank you. Thanks. Bye Right

Unknown Speaker  45:26
How are you sir?

Matthias Miller  45:28
I'm having fun with the accounting stuff

Unknown Speaker  45:38
how are you doing?

Speaker 3  45:54
That's a that's a that's a that's a hard question to answer.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai