Unknown Speaker  00:37
Good afternoon. Good afternoon.

Unknown Speaker  01:29
Cash Flow discussion. All right. closes off my Plate

Unknown Speaker  02:28
Well

Unknown Speaker  02:29
Guess we're meeting today.

Unknown Speaker  02:32
I haven't heard that we're not haven't heard that we're not either. So ah, there we go

Unknown Speaker  02:54
Mark

Speaker 1  02:59
Hey, I confess I am rather ill prepared for the meeting and but I wanted to see if you could send a meeting invite to Drew and he could join for the first little bit here. He just ruined Dwayne just finished doing a tour of different functions of assist, and how what has an impact on accounting? So my thought was we could we'll do in for the first part of the meeting, talk about our meeting schedules moving forward, and then just do a quick overview on starting to set up in the live system. And where you're going with the West to GL account. changes like changes to the sub types that requests that you'd written up to Joel does kind of give give through an overview on what where we're going and what to expect if we as he started setting up our chart of accounts in or starting or setting up accounting in the life system. Is that that work for you or do you have other

Unknown Speaker  04:33
that sounds

Matthias Miller  04:35
sounds wonderful. And then maybe once we're done with that, once he drops off, we can talk about doing a little bit of a project management.

Unknown Speaker  04:44
check in and see what some of these things are out as well.

Unknown Speaker  04:49
Yeah, if you want to just send him an inmate and then he can join there.

Unknown Speaker  04:55
Should have it. Yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  05:07
And so while he joined tomorrow, okay, the Thursday you said that doesn't work for you this week. And it also I'm going to be out of the office. Wow, I could I can potentially do the eight o'clock call weed schedule. I cannot do the 1145. We're battling to my my aunt passed away from cancer and so we're going to the calling hours tomorrow be traveling so.

Matthias Miller  05:41
All right. Well, would you the project manager in me is quite eager to keep the project moving as much as possible. I, I would lean towards keeping the eight o'clock call it we think it can be a productive call. But if you're not prepared enough for it to to make it be productive, then let's not waste. Let's not waste each other's time on it either. So,

Speaker 1  06:21
okay, let's plan to keep the eight o'clock call and then drop the, of course, drop the 1145

Unknown Speaker  06:27
Got it. Good. I will.

Unknown Speaker  06:30
Snap. Okay, good. Hey, Drew. Hello. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  06:41
All right. So

Matthias Miller  06:46
sorry, Mark. I, I should have been jotting down, I'll let you

Speaker 1  06:52
I can go through the schedule that we were talking about. So we've got the three to 330 Check in with Drew today. And then model mile by if you don't have that eight to 930. And then next week you're going to be traveling. So I think you said you could do that you could do Tuesday, that? Would that be all day? Like?

Unknown Speaker  07:26
Yeah, Tuesday could be all day.

Speaker 1  07:29
So I don't know Matthias does that work for you to do? A check in call. Like, and then a three? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  07:41
Submit surprisingly,

Unknown Speaker  07:42
it does their bases over.

Speaker 1  07:47
So the fifteens we've got a 10 and a three I can walk through

Speaker 1  08:00
and then after that we through good. You said you you could do your your typical Wednesday. And then Thursday afternoon, Messiah, as you said, Turn with doing it back to back doesn't give you any time to take fixes or fixes at all.

Speaker 1  08:36
More ideal for you would be like Friday or a Monday, which I don't think that works for you drew right.

Unknown Speaker  08:52
Matthias is saying that more

Unknown Speaker  08:57
more

Speaker 1  09:00
time in between meetings would be helpful if there's glitches to do a fix, but

Matthias Miller  09:06
you're better than Thursday.

Unknown Speaker  09:10
Does that work for you? Work? Yeah. Yeah, I think.

Matthias Miller  09:17
I mean, we can we can talk about what the implications are. Bottom line is, if you report something Monday, Wednesday morning, I can block out time to try to get that fixed. And we can try to roll out an update Wednesday, Wednesday night. But by the time we have our check in on Wednesday, until that evening to do another update for you to test on Thursday. And especially if it involves another team member we we can't do a pizza in the morning. So Bangladesh can't do any fixes if they need to. So, so you're saying Monday Did you say Monday would be an option or which day would be an option? Right? Friday?

Unknown Speaker  09:56
Okay. I think

Unknown Speaker  09:58
right after that And, yeah, okay.

Unknown Speaker  10:03
So

Matthias Miller  10:04
we will be looking at

Unknown Speaker  10:08
so this one,

Matthias Miller  10:11
three o'clock again or what time? I mean I can do currently as I've got stuff scheduled up until two I can I can move some stuff around if necessary probably what's a good time? Let's start with this what's a good time for you?

Speaker 2  10:31
Anytime I can do anytime Friday afternoon, I don't know that it's really gonna make I mean, probably the only difference that it makes would be if we'd want to be able to do something after the meeting right away. But, you know, maybe a little bit earlier. But on the other hand I don't know it'd be much earlier.

Matthias Miller  11:04
The flip side is we'll have the end of a meeting on Wednesday, and you're not going to be doing much of anything between Wednesday and Friday. So well, it seemed so.

Unknown Speaker  11:20
But for the end, three, or whatever you were suggesting it let's

Matthias Miller  11:26
let's give it a shot for three and I'm happy to hear we're not signing our lives away here. And if we find out that it's not working, we'll move it like it.

Speaker 1  11:42
Okay, good. So next week, we've got Tuesday, 10 and three, and then the following week on the 23rd. We tried to settle into a routine of 10 and three on the 23rd and then three o'clock on the 25th on a Friday. And if that works kind of plan to hold that schedule, at least for the short term as we implement good advice could you recap or give us an update on I cannot find the email the request you put together and send off to Joel on changing chart of account.

Unknown Speaker  12:24
Yes, subtypes and just

Unknown Speaker  12:27
bring us up to speed on but yeah, I think that what you've outlined the request you've outlined to Joel is

Speaker 1  12:43
well will allow us to use or create our chart of accounts just like we have it like Drew put it put together and then after that talk about what drew should know should do work on starting to or implementing counting in the live system

Matthias Miller  13:14
hey I'm gonna send you I've put together a review by him we got started talking this morning we talked through cash flows this morning and

Unknown Speaker  13:28
see might actually be able to catch him

Speaker 3  13:41
30 to 30 would actually be able to let me shoot off a quick message

Unknown Speaker  14:06
okay

Unknown Speaker  14:12
so I sent over

Matthias Miller  14:13
what I put together for him

Unknown Speaker  14:18
and there has

Matthias Miller  14:19
not been any further activity on it since the last time that we talked. So I think we said we think so. But he and I will be talking this afternoon set aside some time for tonight to talk

Unknown Speaker  14:46
this afternoon on that. Okay,

Speaker 1  14:51
so he would So, until then we can enter Until then we can only enter like the sub types that are defined or that are something like the sales expenses, cost of goods, we cannot we can't enter those into our chart of accounts.

Unknown Speaker  15:30
No, you need to

Unknown Speaker  15:37
try trying to.

Matthias Miller  15:40
So if you go into Drew, if you go into accounting subtypes, I'm not sure we're on here it is account accounting configuration account subtypes. Go ahead and add any additional subtypes that you need you add

Unknown Speaker  15:55
a new sub type. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  15:58
And it's probable that will standardize at least some of those that you're proposing.

Unknown Speaker  16:08
That's,

Matthias Miller  16:09
and you'll have to do that first, before you create your XML or your spreadsheet that you import into the system.

Unknown Speaker  16:19
The subtypes have to be created first. We're saying,

Matthias Miller  16:23
Yeah, create these first. Because there's the reason we can't automatically add it is because there are we need to know what, what it's a subtype of. Right? The important So,

Speaker 1  16:41
are you guys are saying that we can do everything we've, as it stands already? Are there? What Are there parts that need development before we can

Matthias Miller  16:53
know you can even start and you can start entering things, the thing that I mean, please don't do anything silly, like put fixed assets under revenue that's going to create issues down the road? Well, we'll take it over, you can do what you want. But, but no, like, there's nothing that keeps you the main impact. This has I think, is basically reporting how we display the revenues that are the income statement. It's predominantly a reporting piece. So adding some built in types, I think is completely reasonable. I think some of these should be standardized, but there's nothing that keeps you from doing it.

Unknown Speaker  17:35
Yeah. See, ya know.

Speaker 4  17:39
So the cost of goods type, that is what is still needing to be answered, right? I mean, it's not here, but that's what they're working on.

Matthias Miller  17:51
It would be things like

Matthias Miller  17:58
yeah, like so updating the income statement to break out Cost of Goods had the gross profit, operational and non operational expenses. And so adding the cost of goods sold as a

Unknown Speaker  18:17
expense subtype.

Matthias Miller  18:19
So what I would do is for all these are the ones that

Unknown Speaker  18:26
I can resolves, right?

Matthias Miller  18:28
Yeah, you can do those and even if you want an equity subtype of equity, you can I don't know that it's necessary. You just leave it in equity type with with it the subtype blank, I believe.

Speaker 1  19:05
Are we as far as are there other things I know about or be aware of as we bring accounting as it through starts implementing this in

Unknown Speaker  19:24
live system, like the companies setting up for the three different companies is that plan is to use the same chart of accounts. Can that be?

Speaker 1  19:42
Right, you're planning to do these with an import, right? Like fill out the Excel can't run an import.

Unknown Speaker  19:53
Yeah, you can use the same

Speaker 1  19:54
import three, three different times for that important important for affordable Yeah, man in vinyl.

Speaker 4  20:07
Yeah, thanks. So I don't know if there'll be a faster way than that or not. But can we? Probably not?

Matthias Miller  20:15
We, it's a fill in the company code and drag it all the way down to the bottom and import the second version.

Speaker 4  20:29
One question I have with this. So if we put in a chart of accounts that is different from the GL account, already used in production, so on? How is it going to know how to run those back for that? I think that's something we've already talked about. But But does that have their needs written? That's something you're working on already? Or is that something that's supposed to be taken

Matthias Miller  21:00
care of? Josh, and I need to get our heads together and figure out exactly how that's going to work. That's the bottom line. So

Speaker 4  21:07
we will figure out a way to make the bridge in our that's all answer. I need that.

Speaker 4  21:21
So I'll just get it set up. And then we'll then if it's not working by then level buggy again. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  21:28
Well, we got we. I had Audra, looking over my shoulder. We've got the monthly the weekly SWAT team and marks getting daily access to this stuff. I'm like, if there's not enough eyeballs on it, I'm not sure what we're doing, though. Yeah. Oh, great. Exactly. So

Speaker 1  21:51
Messiah has a quick question for you is one thing that drew and I have been planning to do is we want it to well, as one of the things to try and keep this project moving forward, my third quarter a goal that that I had was to do a month worth of to enter a month worth of expenses into the assist accounting. plan was to go with shed times the smallest company and enter, our thought had been to manually enter all expenses. Now looking at the current process, we haven't been just manually entering those expenses into the right. yellow icons. So that at the end of the month, we have like, here's what duction overhead actually caused, here's what duction labor actually caused, and then taking those numbers, using those to do an actual inventory reconciliation. But my question to you is, how far out are we on? Like bridging or tying together our current verification process to the accounting system? And if we're within a week or two weeks, I don't think it's worth going the manual route. But if it were, much further than that, I think it makes sense to manually enter a month worth of transactions just Well, yeah, that that's that's kind of a two part question. Is there? How close are we to bridging that? And then also, is there value in automatically? Or is there value in manual entering those? So that seems like manual entering those would have some benefits as to why this doesn't work, or we need to There's something we need to be aware of that something that we could overlook when we're automated.

Unknown Speaker  24:17
So that's

Speaker 1  24:19
a cut it down to two questions. One is, when do we expect that that bridge or connection to be that to be connected and then to should we or shouldn't we enter some manually just for the sake of

Unknown Speaker  24:34
guessing or? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  24:40
Okay, well, last I heard you guys were fortunate that Josh was on vacation. And he said he was working on the AP stuff while driving and then clarified that as well as wife was driving, which is probably good. And so he's got it It

Speaker 1  25:02
is interrupting. But he was he was here with us in a Tesla. So he probably could could the drive possible does not advisable.

Unknown Speaker  25:18
That's hilarious.

Matthias Miller  25:21
So I think I mean, he hadn't pushed it in a way that for it to go live into life system. What I understood he's 90%. Done like he made really good progress on it. So what are the pieces? The GL Account mapping is a big piece for sure. And yet I have not talked, we would need to talk through

Matthias Miller  25:48
how soon would you start with this? If you were doing this manually? How soon would you start entering and manually?

Speaker 1  25:58
Well, probably as soon as we have, you know, the basics, as soon as we have the chart of accounts of the company set up, which do you have any idea Drew? Feel for that? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  26:10
I mean,

Speaker 4  26:12
by this week? I mean, I don't think it would take that much less we run into snags.

Matthias Miller  26:25
Bottom line, I don't have the information I need. I can think Josh, you're in Macon Civic Theatre back from him. I know for sure I can get an update by Monday.

Unknown Speaker  26:39
So

Matthias Miller  26:41
it seems to me high likelihood that we could do that automation within a week or two. But I need to confirm with Joshua for me promises it is impossible or impossible to keep. So that's my best answer. For number one. Number two, is I think it depends how much of an EagleEye you've got. We can put together we could put together some custom reports that gives you vendor invoices. And it

Unknown Speaker  27:09
shows. I mean, it's it's

Matthias Miller  27:14
we give you some some reports that maybe give you more visibility into which you need to see, we could or we could just, you know, you could you could peruse through general ledger account or something similar to find all transactions that got created and just look over them carefully and make sure it's, it's looking the way that you want it to look. I I think it's I think it's more of a question on your end what's what is what is your tendency to getting the most accurate information? Is it by doing it yourself? And then comparing? Or is it by? Or can you get the same effect just by having a fine tooth comb

Unknown Speaker  27:57
to go after? After what was done? I don't have an opinion really.

Speaker 1  28:02
I know for me, it's works best if I do it manually and then compare the automated that but rather than and it's anything or catch things better that way then and going through after with a fine tooth comb, but are your thoughts true?

Speaker 4  28:30
Yeah, well, one thing that I didn't think about, is there, when we're talking entering manually, are we talking, you know, typing in vendor name, transaction amount they selecting a GL account and so on. Are we talking like a speed of you know, here's all the here were the purchases in July, and we can just load a record.

Speaker 1  29:09
I was inviting me the first example. But okay.

Speaker 4  29:16
I mean, because I was thinking if there's a way that we can just, you know, create an XML report out of QuickBooks on for a certain element, what however, we need to do that, if we can just upload that in in some mass form into this, once we have the companies set up, you know, that would definitely shorten that. But I don't know if there's some functionality like that or not.

Matthias Miller  29:44
Yeah, we can, we can absolutely do that. So here's my proposal. You create two sheds on companies. One is the main set time company, and the other one is the shed time manual company. And we do have an export transact actions, XML file that you can that you can do to that you can use to do exports and imports. And then you could, you would use the main set time perhaps for the go look at vendor invoices for the for the AP automation, and then you would look at, and then you would take your Excel file and put it into the, whatever the alternate company is. And then once we're done, we can just delete that alternate company, but then you could run income statements, or any kind of report that you want on each of those companies and look for differences.

Speaker 4  30:36
And we can load our load our information, just into the test one, like the other within the same system. But yeah, the second company. Yeah.

Speaker 1  30:49
Got it through one thing that this information that you said like exporting it from QuickBooks, what we're doing in QuickBooks now, what we, what I was thinking was we would take what, what we're currently doing in spite of the inventory management system that we call the accounts payable verification report, which is just Whitney go pay these in QuickBooks, we could just okay, we work with Banner, that information, put it on your upload. And put that into your shed time manual company. But that information?

Speaker 4  31:28
Yeah, okay. No, I see. I see what you mean, I thought you were I thought we were looking at a reconcile thing, you know, with bank accounts. But that's down the road farther yet in this? Yeah. No, I think that should we're, I guess we're

Speaker 1  31:46
Messiah, as you mentioned. Okay. Good. Well, I guess before we continue, I think that makes a lot of sense. I think that those are some great ideas.

Unknown Speaker  31:56
Seeing those two companies and doing that at time mail company. What happened? Was it we beat that company? I have one other question then on mapping. But I want to make sure is there anything else on this that. But before we go ahead and building this out in the live system,

Matthias Miller  32:26
let me throw out one other thing. I have no idea if it still works, I have no idea what it takes to get it to work again. But in our archives, we have a very fancy go map this QuickBooks report export over into an input file that can be used in assist. Okay. Because

Speaker 1  32:51
we did have that at one time, and we're pretty proud of it and thought it was great. I haven't used it for like three years. As far as I know, it does not work. And even if it did, it would be disastrous, because we have all these fancy new GL accounts that we think are exactly dialed in. What Whitney's doing is when she gets our report like all these new GL accounts, she's just saying, Okay, I'll just continue to use my materials are my colleagues seem as I have always been doing so which is fine. That's that's it's okay for finishing out 23. But it the information wouldn't be good or helpful. Coming out of QuickBooks. So yeah, that was one of those things where I would call now it's expensive, garbage or archive.

Speaker 1  33:51
Good. So on the mapping then mentioned you'll need to do mapping to map the GL accounts across now. I'm assuming you're talking about the what expenses that we're like in IMS, or I think we call it the accounts payable verification report. The GL accounts we're using they're how those map to what Drew is going to be entering the accounting system, like how do we map from one to the other? Is that what you're referencing when you're saying when you're talking about mapping?

Unknown Speaker  34:34
Yeah, that's correct.

Unknown Speaker  34:36
Because that

Unknown Speaker  34:38
should be pretty well. If we do our due diligence on our site between Drew and what Aaron's doing, should not have to map anything there because what Aaron's using now what we're using in the accounts payable verification like that whole concatenated string of GL accounts where you have all the

Speaker 1  35:03
assets slash current assets that what we're using there should match exactly with what Drew's entering into. accounting system now, from the time that we started using about a month ago started using those what we're using in IMS and the on the on that verification report to what we now have, there have been some slight changes. But if Drew and Aaron work together on that we can make so that those are indeed the same, the exact same.

Unknown Speaker  35:49
Yeah, like colons

Unknown Speaker  35:51
which Yeah, I think

Speaker 1  35:52
we should do so that we don't, I think doing the work there is going to be easier than trying to figure out mapping or when we created that a month ago to what, to the chart of accounts that we have today. I think maybe the entire chart of accounts has changed 5% And as long as we

Speaker 1  36:21
so those match, then I think, I don't think there needs to be any mapping.

Unknown Speaker  36:31
So am I

Unknown Speaker  36:33
am I missing something? Not much.

Matthias Miller  36:38
I think drew after you import those accounts, I would like to have a chance to put together a report that says here our I mean, we think everything matches up. But here's the 5% that don't you have to go fix this? And maybe maybe then we'll codify some kind of requirement that the GL account has to, you know, we show some kind of accounting alert if a GL account doesn't translate across into all three companies.

Unknown Speaker  37:19
Okay, so

Speaker 4  37:23
go ahead and do those differences might be something that, that we just simply overlook to like, it might be something we would actually rather just fix in our account rather than rather than do mapping.

Matthias Miller  37:37
Correct? Well, yeah, it might it would probably actually make sense to just figure out well, which needs to change the accounting chart of accounts or the the IMS started. Yeah, I MSD GL accounts. And I mean, that's a very cheap, lightweight solution that will definitely move us towards this upturn September 30 deadline. That was one thing that Josh and I just to throw this out there, the one thing Josh and I were talking about is, we need to have some realistic expectations for if we're going to have to make some compromises, we can't do everything perfectly by September 30, we can get it functional enough, but not perfectly. And so there's probably going to be you know, Q, q3 here is going into usable state q4 is all the other stuff that has to be done by beginning of year, q1 is going to be all this other stuff that we pushed off that we really need and q2 is going to be carry over that and in q3 of next year, is going to be all of the technical debt of things that we cut corners on, and it's going to be a maintenance issue if we don't address

Speaker 3  38:52
so that's a not completely unrealistic picture of how this how this project may end up.

Unknown Speaker  39:04
Well, I think that's good to have a realistic picture.

Speaker 1  39:13
Good on so at what point do we see the the sort of the source of truth on Chart of Accounts changing from where it is now to coming out of accounting, or okay to better frame it. Now, the way it is currently. It Oh, there's a we forgot that administrative insurance or we forgot to add in that insurance, our chart of accounts, we have to add that that came up recently. So Aaron added it to his data sheet did an upload to the IMS and not available. That's the source of truth today, at what point will that shift to the accounting system where drew goes in and adds that add that into the accounting system so that it's available or means office to when they when they're selecting the correct account that they can select that.

Matthias Miller  40:34
Well, I kind of think for the foreseeable future Drew is going to be responsible to add it in both places. And that fully switching source of truth is going to be one of those things that's q3 20 for technical debt

Speaker 1  40:56
Okay, got it. Well, that will encourage teamwork between both sides

Matthias Miller  41:10
I mean, unless you see that is being prohibited isn't that prohibitive? Or does it put undue burden? No,

Speaker 1  41:21
it's not it's not prohibitive it's just it's always neat to know to add it to both places when we do add one we should very rarely add one actually may be a good thing it discourages ending adding on a whim which No, that's that's reasonable.

Matthias Miller  41:41
I think it's very reasonable to have Mark sitting on his throne with his scepter being the benevolent dictator saying no, you cannot add that account. That doesn't make sense. It's not the worst thing in the world. But I've heard

Speaker 1  41:55
well, I asked Larry Troyer, like how do you how do you keep your chart of accounts from being out of hand he says, Well, there's only a few people that call me then can add chart of accounts which year 2000 employees and you have 900 GL accounts you probably want

Speaker 1  42:22
it well this is very helpful information from you, Matthias i i Will I feel like I have more clarity on path forward than I have had have ever had on this. But what about you drew I mean, you're it's easy to say that from a high level but like yeah, in the trenches doing a lot of this

Unknown Speaker  42:46
No, that makes sense. I think that's good

Speaker 4  42:53
if I could get a latest copy of that GL Account from you then I might hop off work on that unless you have more things cover so

Speaker 1  43:06
I don't on my side no through just off the air and about what you're wanting to do, just explain to him what it is you're doing and then just work with information.

Unknown Speaker  43:25
Yeah, that should work.

Unknown Speaker  43:30
Cool. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  43:33
Appreciate it. True.

Unknown Speaker  43:35
Yeah, thank you

Unknown Speaker  43:45
so Matthias, you were ready to go into the project management phase of this. Yeah. Let me make Yes. Or sending or should I be looking at the export from this proposal from this morning?

Unknown Speaker  44:11
Yeah, the proposal this morning would be good.

Speaker 1  44:38
But just be curious who puts LS at the ads for code crafters, who creates comes up with the ideas on we just see showing in the PCB

Matthias Miller  44:56
up until about a month a month or two. This is how PCB, the latest PCB or not, might have where we probably have actually, the latest one was the rosewood team.

Speaker 1  45:12
Was that in the one where the guy was was about ready to explode. And there were about four people trying to get his attention.

Unknown Speaker  45:20
See, let me go take a look

Speaker 1  45:33
you can just tell ls that those are usually the first ad say go. I look for when, whenever a new issue comes. I think they're always well put together and

Unknown Speaker  45:48
yeah, this last

Matthias Miller  45:49
one was the the guy. Yeah, the guy with his hands on his head and the people around him. Yeah. Yeah. Up until then it was me and one of else's team members coming up with the content. And then we had been working with black and white media in Indiana. And they put together a lot of the imagery of that. So really,

Speaker 1  46:17
I know, black and white. The only thing I knew about them was way back when when heritage backyards was. Yeah, it was starting to look for marketing when they went with ended up going with shed market or then was black annual was, I think at that point, black and white was somebody they had.

Matthias Miller  46:44
Yeah, there's a little family connection. So my brother in law just installed screws used to run. Napkin, do you remember what it was called? It was a graphic design company with another friend of his. And they in the last six months, maybe six to nine months merged with with black anvil. So yeah.

Unknown Speaker  47:16
And I will just,

Matthias Miller  47:18
I will just plant a little seed and tell you that there will be more interesting things coming. So can't talk about it now. But stay tuned. I know that.

Speaker 1  47:34
I need to stop rambling about this. But there was one about one or two months ago that said something to the extent of like business your way we built custom inventory management systems or something. And I was going to, like call a number and ask for the article. But I never did get around to it. But I was curious. Was that was that talking about? Was it just curious? Was it part of a case study of what we're doing with here? Or what? What was the inventory? Management? I think something

Unknown Speaker  48:10
was in an article. Let me see if I can find that one.

Matthias Miller  48:26
Don't think your inventory your way? I don't think that one didn't have an article attached

Unknown Speaker  48:30
to it. That was just a follow up to find out. Get the GPS one.

Unknown Speaker  48:40
Yeah, that's what I was looking at now.

Matthias Miller  48:43
Yeah, here's the problem. The guy who writes Ellis's articles for him has gotten sucked into doing the actual work instead of writing the articles about the work. So that's, that's the bottom line.

Unknown Speaker  49:00
Which is you right?

Matthias Miller  49:02
That's me.

Unknown Speaker  49:20
Actually, you

Unknown Speaker  49:21
know what I did?

Unknown Speaker  49:22
I did make just a few changes, I'm going to I know that it's worth sending

Matthias Miller  49:29
one more over but

Speaker 1  49:32
if there's only a few pages, you're going to be that that we're going to be covering then. Why don't you just send them as a PDF to mark that T address and then

Unknown Speaker  49:42
Sure, sounds good. Grab the whole PDF and just grab the ones that we'll be looking at.

Speaker 1  49:57
Sure, there's not too many people, too many Any companies anymore that I just sent me the pages I need because I don't use as much paper and ink

Matthias Miller  50:13
will after the acreage reports that we got last year I understand

Unknown Speaker  50:18
I'd forgotten about that

Unknown Speaker  50:21
it's the go down through I'm going to cut it off at 2024 There's no reason to go down and still see what's been going on this takes us to the next step

Unknown Speaker  50:41
okay

Unknown Speaker  50:47
marketing

Unknown Speaker  50:56
All right, she can win over there in about 30 seconds or so.

Unknown Speaker  51:51
It's a good one to do this week

Unknown Speaker  52:14
just let me know when you got it

Speaker 1  53:07
it's printing out now as you can hear I'm sure yep

Speaker 1  53:19
I am looking at page 12 Five phase two a must have been September 30.

Matthias Miller  53:30
Okay, so some of these first few sections are pretty terse. are pretty Yeah. Just had a flashback to when I used the word tourists and somebody said they don't know what it means that abbreviated, I think the columns to payments RG is that's covered in another section. I'm going to take it out of this section

Unknown Speaker  54:03
the

Matthias Miller  54:10
we talked about allowing multiple contact types. Alice's projected budget is two to 4k to get that done. It's going to require some extensive careful review. I don't know whether we could even if you said yes I don't know for sure if we could get it done in our current timeframe or not.

Unknown Speaker  54:37
We needed this for I

Matthias Miller  54:41
believe employees who could also be vendors or something like that.

Speaker 1  54:48
Yeah, we also we think it's probably the same thing we ran into this one we did payroll module we had or we tried to enter employees that were also she had haulers right so you're saying two to 4k deferred indefinitely? Like is the workaround to simply whenever you have situations like that, so for a hauler when he was entered as employ, I think, Dwayne, are you on here?

Unknown Speaker  55:21
No. Okay.

Speaker 1  55:23
I think what Dwayne had done was just he just entered like Eric Kurtz and it was one entered as a had been entered as a hauler. And then he just entered him as Eric Kurtz parenthesis EMP for employer or something like that on payroll, is that the way around this?

Unknown Speaker  55:45
Yes, it is.

Speaker 1  55:48
So if you'd have an employee buying something, you just en or something like that? Yeah. Is this something that you believe should be? Like? From your perspective, this is something that should be done. Only for clean it up? Or are we okay, just indefinitely using the actuating? Like games?

Matthias Miller  56:25
I think what I would propose is that we put this in as something to consider in 2024. That makes sense.

Speaker 3  56:37
Yeah. Combat types. Okay. So that goes on there. All right. What else do we got? Next one is creating. I think this one, got it, we got this statuses mixed up just a little bit on these business

Matthias Miller  57:01
credit reports by GL account.

Unknown Speaker  57:13
Think this is actually

Matthias Miller  57:14
in?

Speaker 3  57:18
This is called a filtered balance sheet and income statement. So we're going to rename this counting. And we're going to put this in a new section.

Matthias Miller  57:35
What is your priority on the filtered? We're calling the filtered balance sheet income statement report?

Unknown Speaker  57:48
Well

Speaker 1  57:52
make sure I understand. So the intent is so that we can have dynamic filtering, like we can say let's look at filling sort of let's look at only this dealers buildings, then or whatever, you know, have options to filter in a lot of different give us a lot of options. So

Matthias Miller  58:22
hang on. This one's this one's different. Let me interject this one's different this is we want to view an income statement that only shows the utility the propane accounts or we want to show balance sheet that only shows these two accounts.

Speaker 1  58:41
Or we want to show a balance sheet that shows all only shows sales expenses. Administrative expenses, right? So okay, under Dan. So the development you're talking about here could that be overcome short term by either doing an export from the accounting system and then just being a filtering that in a in a spreadsheet or out or like that idea, or better yet, like having Dwayne create custom user reports. I look at both of these short term, but could that give us almost the same thing short term?

Matthias Miller  59:40
The only part that makes me nervous is that balance sheet and income statement records are more complicated than most. But if it's just a matter of suppressing certain rows,

Unknown Speaker  59:52
that's that might be fine.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:01
So

Speaker 1  1:00:02
the reason I asked if we can do that at least some level of reasonable accuracy then I think that

Unknown Speaker  1:00:11
is the priority on actually, I don't know what LM and resources are what what this is, what do you envision this taking?

Matthias Miller  1:00:29
Well, let me ask you this, whether it's an Excel spreadsheet, Excel filter spreadsheet or a custom report by doing or it's the full solution when would you want that? Why would you want that by September 30.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:41
So the must have nice to have

Speaker 1  1:00:46
a nice to have it's a nice to have I don't so this is it's only this is primarily primarily a reporting function right

Speaker 1  1:01:07
right it is I would be tempted to say this is 2020 by q1 2024 Because I think we're going to have our hands full just getting the complete balance sheets and income statements working correctly. Now all after we have that then we can start

Unknown Speaker  1:01:31
being a filter you know, like deep dives reports and filtering yep that sounds good if we go key 124 on it Yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:08
Alright, so then

Matthias Miller  1:02:13
employee verification changes I think Have you guys had a chance to test this new report

Speaker 1  1:02:20
a little bit we've looked at it in the ones that we looked at match to the penny so we smile and said good has about I mean yeah, we've tested them the only thing that I saw on there that just that appears not to be working yet is is the paid vacation and I'm pretty okay I just I think the reason the pay vacation not working is because we haven't entered the hours that have been used to date is that suggesting was go to January 1 Or the first week of the year and enter in every you're ready to go live with this enter and all the hours that have been consumed up until that point that have been used up to have already been used here today just enter those in so that you show the correct amount remaining and and all right I think that's why I'm pretty sure that

Unknown Speaker  1:03:38
let me I'm going to add a new section here for

Unknown Speaker  1:03:51
Is there anything keeping us from taking

Matthias Miller  1:03:53
payroll module life?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:02
Some things that we have to work through with figure out figure out there's some in Indiana, we have one edge case situation that we did not built for.

Speaker 1  1:04:21
Only employ that Well, I think yeah, that's the one that s are you and ellos Adeste. Got another way rather than expensive to buy or do extra development on that. So I think on that after we look at his average hourly rate would have been year to date, hourly. I think that's probably what we're going to do. So we have that and then in Ohio we have interesting areas that need to figure out how to pay properly support, where we have two companies and then we have the need that are allowed to apart and occasionally an employee that typically works at one location goes to work a day or two or three days a week at the other location it's I think it's just a process. I don't think that any development only a sophomore is really going to fix that issue if you have them play work for two days and in the one pool and three days in the other pool. Only, I think we just need to have a process to say well work X amount of days and whatever his his company, he's working for AV works outside of that. Duct overland, like, one. You shouldn't do the second pull that from the pool? Yeah, that I feel like that's something we need to figure out on our site. Some things like that. As far as the there are, there are a few other things that there's one thing physically that I would that I have questions on that we need your help. And that is on on our payroll where we have locations where basically the shop owner gets paid 15%. And then the employees get paid, gets paid 15% minus whatever his auction is paid. Books employees are paid that I think we just need to that and then I think we need to what that

Speaker 1  1:07:41
is that I feel like maybe that should be a Dwayne? Well, here's what we could do. We could we could keep the 11 o'clock or the 1145 tomorrow, and I could

Unknown Speaker  1:08:01
Aaron Duane, and you could, I think, got what needs done on that. And we could keep that moving.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:10
What we

Matthias Miller  1:08:13
found me that it was it was open I extended somebody and offered it

Speaker 3  1:08:21
protect that spot. So open to that, if that doesn't any how that pans out where we could possibly do that on Friday,

Matthias Miller  1:08:38
I guess? I guess at some point we need

Unknown Speaker  1:08:47
so

Matthias Miller  1:08:50
do you need you need the owner payroll questions answered before we can pull the trigger and implement right?

Speaker 1  1:09:00
Yeah, we do. Otherwise they're they're doing running split systems, they're going to have to do the on our own. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:09:09
And sorry, did you say that Aaron and Dwayne have those specific questions

Speaker 1  1:09:16
I said I could fill Aaron in on on he knows enough about it and I could fill him in so that you could continue I think that you could knock that out tomorrow at 1111 45 If you that still works for you.

Matthias Miller  1:09:36
Either loving 45 or doing with or if they would happen to be available closer to

Unknown Speaker  1:09:40
four o'clock that would be an option that would be an option as well

Speaker 1  1:09:48
go ahead and I'm gonna let you reach out to them and determine the time I'll fill Aaron in on what

Unknown Speaker  1:09:58
what we're looking for there Are and Yeah. You just work with them on on what time works best for

Unknown Speaker  1:10:11
you. Perfect. Alright,

Matthias Miller  1:10:14
so there's this whole other thing that's called payroll implementation. And I don't know if that's the main handoff that needs to happen if we could make Dwayne or Aaron, be the owner of that at this point. Why would that make me happy for your sake?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:39
I mean, to hand that off,

Speaker 3  1:10:42
to hand that off and coordinate all of that rollout with, with them as much as possible, just so that you don't have to?

Speaker 1  1:10:52
Well, I think it could be. I think it could be Dwayne. I mean, I feel like aside from these edge cases that I mentioned, everything else is we've been testing for about three weeks for three weeks now. And it's everything else is working. Like expected. What we hit what we don't know yet is the steps on finalizing payroll. How does that look? What What does Dwayne's office need to do on that? And is that pretty straightforward? And I think that could probably be covered tomorrow. On the call as well.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:32
Yep. Okay, I am.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:44
Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  1:11:47
think Audra was respectfully. She wasn't rolling her eyes, but respectfully rolling her eyes in my project management system here in the proposal.

Speaker 3  1:11:58
It works. Process, payroll module process for analyzing payroll, and then

Unknown Speaker  1:12:19
implementation plans. Okay. All right.

Matthias Miller  1:12:23
So now where are we? Okay, so better sections on the income statement?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:33
Where is that on your priority list?

Speaker 1  1:12:39
That's the proposal you send out first for the meeting. Hey, that on one here, you had sent to Joe? Correct.

Speaker 1  1:12:50
So with without that we'll have expenses will be all expenses on the income statement would all just be lumped together they'd still be ordered by numbering on the account. And accounts or sub accounts. Right, but they just we wouldn't have headers like sales expenses, marketing admin. Correct. Is that?

Speaker 1  1:13:38
I don't know how much of this is in files, but I think this should be September 30. If there's a chance that possible. Is that is that being realistic?

Matthias Miller  1:13:49
I don't think it's unrealistic. Joel and I are going to be working on it. And so today yeah. I'm hoping I'm not pushing anything important.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:58
Out of the way to do it, but yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:08
All right. Um

Matthias Miller  1:14:15
few of those move FGI caustic child scream. That one. Jonathan's got free time this week. And so he's gonna send Dwayne a screenshot and see we're doing things.

Speaker 1  1:14:25
Well, on that I was when we talked about that when I last suggested that out. That's fine. I was. That's one that is I think we're going to look at it's a little on a bill on a per building level that I would say that's very low priority, but if you have capacity Yeah, it sounds like it makes sense to just get it done.

Matthias Miller  1:14:52
It's one of those things. It's simply doing us junior team member to get it done a junior team member who needs stuff to do to get it done, I think If it's helpful, I'm not looking at make work, but if it's helpful, make things better than we can.

Matthias Miller  1:15:13
Okay, so payroll accounting Impact Report. This gets us back to the conversation that I think we tabled around the question of what makes more sense. Does it make more sense to keep payroll completely independent of vendor invoices? Or since vendor invoices are already the main way of paying people? And have GL Account linking and all that? Should we push it into a vendor invoice first before pushing it out to accounting? I think. I don't think Josh and I have a strong opinion about it. There are some nuances about ACH payments and transactions that might make it simpler to push push the vendor invoice but we're also not if it's confusing for the accounting team, to have them be vendor to have paychecks be vendor invoices.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:07
Let's not confuse it. Do you have thoughts?

Speaker 1  1:16:12
Josh mentioned it briefly this morning on on a call and I what I understood I think it makes sense, Josh, of like potential to automate a bunch of a number of those steps to where it wouldn't, you know, necessarily appear on the accounts payable verification report it would would automatically go through some of those steps so if that if that and it would only be for the net pay amount. So if that's the case, and I think it would be it would make sense okay,

Matthias Miller  1:16:56
so that means that the payroll module and accounting impact needs to be revamped and we need a finalized payroll process that

Speaker 3  1:17:04
creates vendor invoices

Speaker 1  1:17:12
I apologize I was at a guy putting his head in the door asking if I want something from the coffee shop they're ordering right now so

Matthias Miller  1:17:21
you better answer him.

Speaker 1  1:17:24
I did so if he repeats the last 30 seconds

Matthias Miller  1:17:31
I don't know I need to find find out where to find friends like that. So the I think the bottom line is the payroll module accounting impact needs to be revamped and instead of the payroll module accounting impact it's a go create vendor invoices as part of the finalized payroll process

Speaker 1  1:17:50
Yeah, so on on that and maybe we should take Wow, Drew has a lot of thoughts on this so at what point we're in this process are we are we setting all GL accounts on the individual employee and giving us a portal or a way to make the gross pay amount put that information into payroll software and then turn around and bring that net pay and the the withholding amounts plus the company match back in and having that

Speaker 1  1:18:41
oh correctly I almost Drew is is much clearer on this than I am and I think I think we do that correctly. It makes a lot of make a lot of sense and it's ongoing it should be relatively easy but

Unknown Speaker  1:19:14
well

Unknown Speaker  1:19:23
I think that means that

Unknown Speaker  1:19:24
we need to get doesn't that mean we need to

Matthias Miller  1:19:29
get drew on a call

Speaker 1  1:19:31
in does and I'm thinking Should we plan to do that at three today? Yeah, we can do that okay, good.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:45
Okay, so let me

Speaker 3  1:19:54
the counting the company record. This one is

Unknown Speaker  1:20:08
My computer's been all slow here

Unknown Speaker  1:20:19
Okay, so this one is payroll module create vendor invoices for paychecks so I'm going to move this part up there swan is still there

Matthias Miller  1:20:50
that's actually what I'm here for you your move accounting settings to Company record this is something that I need to follow up with CCI on it needs to be done it's not done I forgot what's where they're getting stuck adding input to the new menu that one's done i'll be removing that new verification reports I

Speaker 3  1:21:16
believe we actually have this I had broken this out earlier into

Matthias Miller  1:21:23
we'll put that up with employee verification

Unknown Speaker  1:21:27
and checking on that

Matthias Miller  1:21:31
terminology for production versus non production payroll

Unknown Speaker  1:21:35
is.

Matthias Miller  1:21:53
When I'm going to move into an accounting module I check in with Stefan when he gets

Unknown Speaker  1:22:01
gets back

Matthias Miller  1:22:03
exclude buildings based on manual allocations subset that's a problem.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:10
So it's gonna fall on Nick or myself

Unknown Speaker  1:22:24
and then the

Matthias Miller  1:22:28
other one that we had

Unknown Speaker  1:22:29
to add restrictions to

Matthias Miller  1:22:35
raw materials cost that's something Dwayne asked for. It's a simple fix, Jonathan can do it this week.

Speaker 3  1:22:41
Basically, we don't want dealers doing funny things

Unknown Speaker  1:22:56
all right.

Matthias Miller  1:22:59
I think most of those are still I mean, most of these are either started or okay so that this one needs to be designed I'm going to put this one in

Unknown Speaker  1:23:09
the payroll module needs to be designed this one is

Matthias Miller  1:23:14
going to be coded by the restriction for sa raw materials is going to be coded by by August 31. Move accounting settings to companies should be coded by August 31. And same for exclude buildings should be coded by August 31. So now that takes us down into implementation and deployment

Matthias Miller  1:23:46
where are things that with FGI on your guys's end so

Speaker 1  1:23:55
not nothing has changed since weeks ago. So my thought is that now that we're testing in the live system, is there any keeping us from running that same block of buildings again and doing a being a switch in that test as far as we can, what what had not worked, or where we had gotten stuck was

Speaker 1  1:24:34
getting to where it gave us the variance, finished goods. cost variance the cost of goods sold variance like it, it applied the correct actual costs to all the buildings, but I'm stuck was based on the status of each building. How much does is increase your cost of goods? It's for the period how much does this increase or decrease well yeah basically basically that

Speaker 1  1:25:15
would I'm wondering if we could if we could or should plan for that or Tuesday we'll go through and test that in the live system and if you get stuck we call that on our Tuesday morning check in call yep

Speaker 3  1:25:53
testing in the live system is also going to be some truths court he's got what he needs no blockers on that this point.

Matthias Miller  1:26:07
Asset Management and

Unknown Speaker  1:26:11
this one needs an update from Joel we need to really just send an email to

Matthias Miller  1:26:35
payroll accounting impact this one needs to be duplicate

Unknown Speaker  1:26:44
I'm going to delete this one the reason why it's down there

Matthias Miller  1:26:54
okay, um, check printing Have you heard from Whitney on that? Check

Speaker 1  1:27:02
Yeah, she did send a PDF just before she left for vacation I think on I think you were Coppage I think she sent you a PDF with that check. July 28.

Matthias Miller  1:27:19
With me more I see your email to her in which you and I don't see it would have been Whitney at North hurdle records calm Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:27:33
So you don't have a PDF with that

Unknown Speaker  1:27:38
we check my spam just to double check

Unknown Speaker  1:27:46
BAM

Unknown Speaker  1:27:51
not seeing here either

Matthias Miller  1:27:56
let me just I mean I have

Unknown Speaker  1:28:00
I have a PDF here that

Speaker 3  1:28:04
I do need the original from her Whitney Can you send you send this file to me

Unknown Speaker  1:28:19
all right. Good.

Matthias Miller  1:28:26
Here restriction to so materials it's under I've moved that one under goodbye August 31. Because it's gonna get done this week. Because by September 30 is when I added move accounting settings to company that you don't have in your list. And I also added exclude building space in FDA financial allocation subset which was an issue. Josh is working on ACH payments sounds like he's making great progress. So I don't know that there's much to add there. Underneath designer added the payroll module using the vendor invoices as needs design, we're talking this afternoon. Sales Order deposit process is something that I moved from the section up above down below. And I don't know if this is covered in the flowcharts that we were looking at but if not it needs to be

Speaker 1  1:29:14
it is not in the flowchart that that I created No.

Speaker 3  1:29:24
And I was so gung ho about vendor invoices that I made sure to include it in three different sections. So consolidating those

Matthias Miller  1:29:35
better sections on income statement. I'm talking to Joe about that this afternoon. He's taking a look what he sent over. Consider contra account for reconciliation process. The production overhead imagery in the last month or two.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:55
So

Matthias Miller  1:29:56
there's that cash flow statement. We said August August 10 is the deadline that's Angel scored now as of earlier this morning AP This is underway. We have a path ahead

Unknown Speaker  1:30:13
I need to take a closer look at this I think

Matthias Miller  1:30:18
Josh is doing a bunch of that stuff but I'm not sure exactly where it's at. And there's a second AP okay. I don't know who should do this or how there should be done there should be been an eye or something else but we need to redesign the AP or clean up the AP resigned maybe maybe the I don't know we should be wrapped up by now. I'll see about at the at the bottom of the hour here doing some stuff with that transaction verification report needs that well and then there's all the rest of the stuff needs to design

Matthias Miller  1:31:01
and there's an another AP section that should probably

Unknown Speaker  1:31:07
watch I'm just gonna move this this up into the section above

Unknown Speaker  1:31:27
oops that was the wrong one. I'm going to delete that one just delete

Unknown Speaker  1:31:51
better sections to duplicate again I need to clean that one up too

Unknown Speaker  1:32:03
so

Matthias Miller  1:32:05
we have all the nice to haves

Unknown Speaker  1:32:22
anything

Unknown Speaker  1:32:28
yeah any comments from you?

Speaker 1  1:32:33
Why is the most important thing that you need from me? Is it a sales order process? flow or is it

Unknown Speaker  1:32:49
AP or AR process? Or is it something else?

Unknown Speaker  1:32:57
Great question.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:07
me it seems like sales order process flow is probably the biggest thing that both one area that we have well we covered it with when engaged through the tour of assist this morning is

Speaker 1  1:33:29
so on sheds sales orders first yet it seems like we have consistent trigger points there in most cases where is the sale date? What we haven't done is sell something other than shed sell a ramp or we sell two by fours and we sell a truckload of lumber when does that sale what is the sale date? Is it that like most of those items customer picks up themselves or like it's a cash and carry out and the guy just throws in the back of the truck and he's with it after paying for it but how do we ideally I found out last last week I walked out of the store with a whole case of butter and didn't pay for it that was kind of a new experience he's all good then afterwards but the it maybe that's not not critical. Feel like that's one area where we haven't put a lot of thought in is. I think on the accounts payable side there's still work that needs to be done but we have have a decent way of ageing everything every expense with the Ellicott and kind of a process but we don't have is on the oversight but maybe that's maybe you're saying well that's

Unknown Speaker  1:35:22
that's no big deal

Speaker 1  1:35:26
on this thing on the sales order the other thing that we have on the sales order site is we all went What is the point of sale for wholesale accounts that typically pick up their own buildings like that we have that with sheds, right currently where we say well what what Josh has built some reporting that where we basically for those we say well, whatever was built, whatever is built this week, we're going to invoice all of those buildings to them Monday morning, the 14th and then that is sale date we have net 42 terms on that so 42 days from Monday and then we do that every week talking through what are sale the sale what is the date of the sale well and that also has tax implications like what is the point of that was like Where Where did the sale take place and what was the sale date or first I guess you have to define where did the sale take place before you can find it was a sale made because there's we're not then we need to communicate that information well the tax jar because x jar needs to needs to know some states are destination based and others are origin based and

Speaker 1  1:37:16
but where they do what what should be the next process that we?

Unknown Speaker  1:38:10
Looking at it like this

Unknown Speaker  1:38:18
it's basically AP or AR and which one

Matthias Miller  1:38:27
AP or AR which one's most likely which one is the most likely to need the most development? Or is the most likely to throw everything else sideways? When are the most errors which one's going to be the most error prone or is going to require the most time from you guys to test is there an either those that stands out to you?

Speaker 1  1:39:03
Take most time from us to test and it seems to me like AR Because now we're saying we got money good that's income and that process needs to change drastically like the business process side of it.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:24
But the accounts payable Gosh working in that it more sense to buy start to complete the design on that now and go to the ER because Accounts Payable is seemingly is spread out or different. More different places more different rounds, you're dealing with a lot more transactions typically then accounts receivable is less

Speaker 1  1:40:01
The actions obviously the the net amount needs to be more than your accounts payable or you're going the wrong way, but

Unknown Speaker  1:40:10
it's also being put in place. It's like it's all things considered, I probably say Accounts Payable is is the most urgent one because there's transactions, and we're parts of it, but that would be my proposal.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:41
Okay, well,

Matthias Miller  1:40:42
I think it's, I'm having the fact that we're having such a difficult time deciding Trump probably is an indication that it's a pretty close tie. And yeah, I'm fine arbitrarily saying

Unknown Speaker  1:40:59
that. AP is and and

Matthias Miller  1:41:14
and my proposal would be let me spend some time here cleaning up some of the AP sections.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:21
If I've got time in the next 15 minutes, and

Matthias Miller  1:41:26
and then we can maybe hit loss or something else we need to hit we can maybe hit AP in the morning.

Speaker 1  1:41:35
Okay, and then we'll do the three o'clock with the I think if it would make more sense for for you, we could push that to 330 to 330 to four with through. I know he's playing to be here till four. So am I but we keep it at three as well.

Matthias Miller  1:41:56
We we keep I mean, I've got a hard step. I'm talking to Dwayne at 345 so we can bump it 15 minutes but let's

Speaker 1  1:42:05
let's do three but I think the most most of our time is going to be talking through the payroll

Speaker 1  1:42:18
and on will basically take the information out of gross pay information artifice is put in payroll off the bat again

Unknown Speaker  1:42:44
good yeah. Oh, Drew sent that out. So we're prepared for the meeting.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:52
For that, okay, awesome. Yeah, you're in a bit.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:57
Yep. Thank you. Thanks, Mark.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai