Matthias Miller  00:00
Kevin, welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith and the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller, and I'm here with my co host, Kevin David kritner. Every time we start these episodes, we recap our three guiding principles. So here they are, first, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is knowing and being known. And second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We aren't here to win arguments. We're here to understand. And then third, we don't come with preset agendas. We let conversations unfold naturally, and we follow where authenticity leads us. So go ahead, pull up a chair, grab a drink, and let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. And so today, I want to kick off the conversation today, Kevin, you're starting a series. As of the time this recording, you're starting a series on the life in person of Samson. And I want to start with a simple question of, how do you you know there's certain certain people that you everybody studies for lessons. I can't tell you how many leadership lessons I've heard from the book of Nehemiah about, here's how you lead, and here's how you build, and all these things. We've all heard those. But Samson, like, really like, so maybe start filling us by filling us in on how did you get here?

Kevin David Kridner  01:25
Well, he's always been a fascinating character to me. And you know, like there's certain whether it's it's in the Bible or it's in movies or in books or whatever, there's certain characters that you resonate with, and maybe you don't know why you resonate with them, but something about them absolutely fascinates you. And Samson has always fascinated me, and I probably couldn't articulate this when I first was introduced to him, certainly not you know, when the flannel graph board was up and we saw his long,

Speaker 1  01:59
flowing hair, you know, like, I'm sure that it wasn't at that point I couldn't articulate it, but,

Kevin David Kridner  02:05
like, I've always been drawn to conflicted figures. And Samson is, like, if nothing else, just a conflicted figure. And so that was, that was probably my entrance into it that I was curious about him, and I've heard all the sermons. I've heard all the the Bible stories about Samson. None of them really got to the heart of the matter. And I've been thinking about this one for, I don't know, probably about a year or two about what is actually going on at the depths of this. And the thing that struck me was that this is a very, very lonely man. And when you have a very, very lonely man, you have conflicted men. With, I think, a profound story to tell, and that was what just led me to it. And it came across my last thing I'll say is it came across my radar again. So I've been thinking about this, Samson as an archetype. I've been thinking about this for years, but it came across my radar again, maybe three weeks ago, maybe a month ago, I heard somebody talking about Samson, and then I in the midst of one of my meetings with my spiritual director, I brought this up, and then we spent like, 45 minutes just back and forth around the concept. And that's kind of what kicked my mind into high here. And so I'm like, I just need to write these thoughts down. So that's where, that's kind of the genesis of the whole Samson idea, but a very conflicted figure, conflicting and conflicted.

Matthias Miller  04:18
So I mean, one of the earliest things that we read about him was the God's command to his parents. This is me coming in cold. I probably should have read up more on the story, but but was but God commanding his parents that he should be set apart and he should take the the Nazarite vow, which Am I remembering correctly? That in most cases, that was only a only vow intended for a period of time, but here he was intended to live it.

Kevin David Kridner  04:53
Go ahead, right? Yeah, yeah. I mean, it's supposed to be, it's supposed to be for. A period of time, no strong drink, no contact with the opposite sex. This hair grows long. You know, it was really this to me. It seems like it was really this desert experience of you are set apart for me and I'm going to teach you, and like I am, your entire focus, essentially, and that alone is fascinating. From childhood. You know, you have parents, but God commands him that this one is mine, and he's going to be set apart. Like think about that on a very human level as a child. God, telling your parents this one's going to be set apart, and the parents saying, Okay, I'm going to do that on a very human level as a child, when you hear that, what do you think?

Matthias Miller  06:08
I mean, like, I can only imagine. I mean, first of all, growing up, you know, as a younger kid, you're like, Why do I have to be the one who's different? Maybe the differences didn't feel as strong when he was young, I don't know. But then he's as he as he grows and matures. There's also these questions of, okay, who is God to impose this on me? Who are my parents to did my did my parents actually hear God? Was this actually like? There's all of these questions, where, when, when a life, when a role and a life is imposed upon you. It's like it's very easy to start asking these questions and start resisting all of it, right?

Speaker 1  06:50
And we as human beings, we find safety in community and and

Kevin David Kridner  06:59
conformity to a certain extent, and yet you're told from the beginning that your community is me,

Unknown Speaker  07:10
you're set apart. I just started thinking about that. How would that affect

Kevin David Kridner  07:17
a boy at an early age? I mean, think back to when you know we were in elementary school, middle school, like, how important were our friends to us?

Matthias Miller  07:37
I had enough trouble fitting in without God saying you're different.

Kevin David Kridner  07:46
I remember once, I think it was like third or fourth grade. There was this program at school. I think it was called gate, like gifted and talented, and like the the the teacher had suggested that maybe I would like work better in that class, or something along those lines. I suggested I should be part of it, whatever. And there was, like, a set aside class, and my parents asked me, I'm like, No, I don't want to do that. And they're like, why not? Like, I don't want to be set apart. I'm going to be special. I just want to be like everybody else. So I think, to their credit, they're like, Okay, no problem. So like, I stayed in my third or fourth grade class or whatever, and and like, the whole honors classes didn't take hold until junior high and high school and that kind of thing. And at that point, I still was like, No, I don't want anything to do with those. Like, that's how, how powerful the drive for like, community and union connection was for me. But like, the Samson thing, the thing that's vastly fascinating to me is there's this woman, Delilah, and we like to demonize her, you know, in the story in a very black and white sense, but Samson needs her for whatever reason he needs her. She's betrayed him at least three times, and he still allows her back. Why? Like, think of any of us thinking think over our lifetime, is there somebody that we've allowed to betray us multiple times, and we keep allowing the door to be open. We keep allowing them to come back. Why is that, to me, that that was fascinating,

Kevin David Kridner  09:57
when we look at it like the end of the story? Know you have this she cuts his hair off, and his hair was a strength, source of power and all that kind of stuff. Maybe it was. Maybe his source of power was his relationship with the Lord, and maybe he had found a new god. Maybe more subtle, nuanced God, but he found, it seems to me, he had found a new god. And I don't think it was a conscious choice. I think it was a subconscious choice. He needed the comfort of he believed he needed the comfort of Delilah, right? So the turning point to me is not his hair getting cut. The turning point to me is there's at a certain point after all this, he lays his head down in her lap. To me, that's the turning point. After all of this, after all the betrayal, after all that has gone on, he chooses to lay his head down in her life. Why places lay your head down. Somebody's life is a very intimate act. I know he's been betrayed multiple times, and he's still looking for that intimacy. He lays his head down in her life, to me, that's like, Oh, this guy's gone. Yeah, he ain't coming back. That's the fascinating thing to me, why?

Matthias Miller  11:58
And there's this story is always portrayed as other. I mean, I have friends who are maybe, you know, have have some shot at, you know, being as strong as him. This might not be my, my that's not where I'm at right now. You know, there's this guy. He's super strong, he's he's called set apart by God, he's and then it's easy to set him apart as other in that way, and then he makes these, quote, dumb choices. And obviously that's just him. How? How do, how do we find ourselves in him?

Kevin David Kridner  12:50
I think that's the real power in the story. How do we find ourselves in him? What does he have to say about what does his story. Have to say about men in general. That was one thing that struck me as I look at his story and I and I look at the people I've known. I look at my life. I look at, you know, stories that I read, you know, that kind of thing. I go, this is an archetypal story. This isn't just about Samson, although it is about Sam but this is speaking to a much larger audience. Like this is speaking to men in general like this. His his strength, okay, great, his ability to fight, okay, great. But what's his what's his weakness? Connection, intimacy. If you've had to be strong your whole life, if you've had to be the problem solver, the fixer, the one everybody runs to. Okay, now you can create an identity around that, but you're in this position where people are constantly taking from you, and you've learned along the way that's my value, is that I can give okay. What happens when somebody offers to fill you up?

Kevin David Kridner  14:42
It could either be the best moment of your life or the beginning of the worst moment, right, depending on the character of that individual,

Matthias Miller  14:58
right? Yeah. To and there's it becomes such a such a need, that it becomes very difficult to employ any level of self, self discipline or discernment in that in that moment, it's almost like when the deficit for connection goes low enough, I mean, I mean it's, it really is, turns into blinking lights and sirens.

Kevin David Kridner  15:32
Yeah, blinking lights and sirens that you are unable to see, unable to hear, because the noise of that connection overwhelms Everything else, everything else. And I think it's interesting, like he's He's blinded, right?

Unknown Speaker  16:11
The great metaphor there,

Kevin David Kridner  16:21
He's blinded, he's paraded, he's chained up, he's made a spectacle of look at this strong man. Look at your hero.

Unknown Speaker  16:38
What is he now? And he wasn't conquered in battle.

Unknown Speaker  16:45
That wasn't happening. He had to be conquered another way, through his heart.

Matthias Miller  17:18
You made. You made some very interesting statements in your opening article. To this, to the series, you were talking I forget exactly how you phrased it, but you were talking about when the weight of external responsibility trumps the capacity that you have to carry. It's not the words that you're saying just grossly, you know, paraphrasing, paraphrasing, yes, hopefully not misrepresenting, but grossly paraphrasing him. The but the but the image that I get, the picture that I get is, is that the the connection ends up being kind of the foundation that the weight bearing, it's, it's the weight bearing framework in a man's life. And you either have healthy, healthy connection, which, which, by extrapolation of what you're sharing is people with good character who are willing to pour into you as you pour out into others. And when that fails, then, I mean, it just depends how high you build. You know what? How high you can build depends on the strength of the Foundation, and the level of props that you need depends on it's a factor of how high are you building and how strong is your foundation. And the weaker your foundation, the more props that you need to support. And the higher you build, the more props that you need. You really don't need any props to build nothing. I mean, yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  19:08
foundation doesn't have to be too deep or thick. Yeah, there's an interesting contrast, because it inevitably leads you know, you say that the character of the individual that you are connected to plays a very important role. Obviously, there's some contrast. There's Delilah. Obviously she's emotionally manipulative and betrays him constantly. She wants something from him. And then you got a contrast of a character like Ruth, who doesn't want anything from him, from Boaz, she wants him. It's almost like we could do these character studies of these two different people. People and be able to see, okay, this is what I'm looking for. This is I'm not looking for. But if you're in a desert and you've been there for a long time, and you come across an oasis, you see water. Now logically, we know we probably shouldn't dive head first into that water and just start drinking and drinking on a physical level, on we don't know if that water is real. It could be a mirage too. It could be polluted, you know, all those kinds of things. But when you're when you're thirsty and you're dying of thirst, you dive in. The consequences at that point don't matter. When the burden is that heavy. And I think for too long, we've shamed that instead of looking at and going, Okay, what happened here? Understanding what happened here? What happened in the soul of that man that made it worth it for him to dive head first into that oasis? What happened in the soul of Samson that he was able to set aside all logic and critical thinking and continue down this path with her.

Kevin David Kridner  21:36
Look at the relationships around us, look at your community, your family, the larger society. Has there ever been a time where you've looked at either male or female? I don't think it matters, really, but that are in a relationship that everybody around them can look at and go, This is not a healthy relationship. We've all seen it. But could you convince either one of those people that this is not a healthy relationship? No.

Matthias Miller  22:17
But maybe the question isn't a matter of convincing. Maybe the question is, can you get close enough to that person with pure with a pure enough motive to give them the stable connection that they need, so that they can, so they can surrender the the whatever they're they're deriving from this other relationship, right?

Kevin David Kridner  22:43
That's the point. You are not going to convince them, because this is not a logical issue. It's a knowing and being known issue, and that's one of the questions I have about Samson. Where was that person who took him out for a walk in the desert and looked at him and said, Hey, now tell me what's going on, what's going on inside you? What do you feel? What do you think? How's everything going? Where was that person? Yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  23:20
everybody else was too wrapped up in what they were getting from

Matthias Miller  23:27
when you're a well resourced person in whatever capacity. I mean, you pick it. You know, physically attractive, wealthy, productive, you know, famous, fill in any kind of resource by which you're above average. Of course, people are going to want to extract things from you. They want that thing that you have and and if you've been blessed with any kind of general an ounce of generosity, you are going to want to share with the people around you. And yet,

Kevin David Kridner  24:11
there was, I just finished listening to this audio book, and a friend that had recommended it to me and was asking, you know, just like, hey, what's your opinion on this, and it was the biography, or autobiography, is written by the lead singer of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, guy named Anthony Kiedis. I didn't know much about newest music, obviously, but didn't know much about him, but 1415, hour long audio book. The one thing I saw is his entire life, everybody wanted something from him, and it led to massive drug addiction, cocaine, heroin, whatever he could find, and he couldn't keep away from it. And the only time. He could keep away from it was when he was in a relationship, and then that person became the drug they wanted something from him. It broke my heart, because towards the end, I don't think he ever put, and this was written early, 2000 So way back when, but I don't think he ever put together two and two that it was something. Somebody always wanted something from him, and he gave and he gave and gave, and it just emptied him out. And then he got really narcissistic, really self involved, really addicted, all those kinds of things. And then you're just an addict. You're just a junkie. You're just a no. This is an empty man who isn't being poured back into it just really, really struck me, and he comes to the conclusion at the end, because he'd been clean for about five years at the point where he's writing this book, hope to god, he's he's still clean, but he comes to the conclusion, he says, there's two things that kept him sober. One was a friend of him has bought him a dog for his birthday. And he had always wanted a Rhodesian Ridgeback, beautiful, beautiful dog. Friend of him bought the friend of his bought him a puppy, and this puppy became his everything. And he said, When I wanted to go get high, I would look at my dog and I would say, he has never seen me high. I don't want him to see me that way. So that was a touch point. And the other was he had to do things for others. Other addicts walk with them. And he tells a story about he would go to a meeting regularly, and he would go intentionally, go half an hour early so he could set up the chairs for the meeting. And another thing that he thought was, if I go get high, I will not be there that half hour early to set up those chairs, and I can't do that. Those are the two things that he clung to. One, he's getting filled up. That dog is excited to see him, loves him, always wants to be with him. You know, that kind of thing. Beautiful thing. The other one I had questioned was, okay, now you're being of service to others, yes, but it's another emptying out of you. What about you getting filled up? And I just wonder if that is just we want to talk about epidemics in our world. Maybe that's the one epidemic that we're not talking enough about the loneliness of men and how they're being emptied out. And we want to talk about the negative effects. And nobody's excusing the behaviors. But what's driving those behavior? What's driving the addiction, what's driving the promiscuity, what's driving all these things? Can we actually look at that and see it, or do we simply just toxic masculinity, right? There needs to be a shift in the cultural conversation around these things, in my opinion, in light of the Samson story.

Matthias Miller  28:27
I mean, there's some gratitude in in that finding some answers, if you can, if, if a dog helps, rate. But there's also some sadness, like, is there no human who is willing to be present with without extracting something like, that's also very there's a kind of a sense of of injustice that that arises like, we point so many fingers. We've had had conversations like this on the podcast before, but we point so many fingers towards towards the famous and the popular and how self absorbed they are. But how are we any less self absorbed if we're continually just wanting to extract from them as well? Like, where's our part in this? You mentioned? Oh, gracious. There's so many, there's so many layers to this. How many times have you wanted to have plenty of time, plenty of time. Have you wanted to just, you know, I don't know, grab somebody and knock some sense into them and, and, and, but, but never really. I'm thinking of a situation right now where there's somebody making I don't think it's it's not like wildly destructive choices. There's not making very sane choices. And. It's baffled me, because, I'll be completely honest, my in the pure logic, like, a plus b equals c. So, like, why are you trying to make it be D? Like, or, you know, fill in the here's the facts. Like, and as I'm looking at this, I'm like, he had no I mean, in this conversation, I'm actually starting to think of multiple situations where it's like, yeah, no, like, the problem is that this feels the situation that you're in feels very overwhelming. You're deriving a sense of connection despite the dysfunction, and you don't have a close enough connection with somebody outside of this who would be willing to walk with you out and, I mean, you can go all the way from all the way from, like, the the, I mean, you can just do this with generally unhealthy situations, or, you know, maybe there's a job you don't like and you're scared about making some kind of a move. Like, it can be as simple as that, but it can also all the way to people leaving cults and high control groups. And what, often, what what brings them in, many times, is the sense of connection and community and conformity that comes out of that. And often what leads them out is a relationship in which someone demonstrates to them, relationally, that it is possible to live and to thrive outside of this tiny ecosystem and bubble that they've been part of. And in relationship both pulls them in and both both gives them the courage to walk out.

Kevin David Kridner  31:41
Yeah. Well, I mean, it just resonates so deeply like like in the person that's going like as part of a cult, and, you know, doesn't recognize it. And people are around saying, Hey, this is crazy. You know, that kind of thing. There's a sense of, there was a sensing of longing for safety and security, and quite often, we want to demonize the cult members, and rightfully so, the behavior isn't appropriate, healthy, any of those things, but what we don't look like look at is the longing that created the need for them. Where did you not feel safe prior to that? Why were you open to that? What were the circumstances of your life that made you open to be betrayed three times? Samson, what were the circumstances cult member, a that made you susceptible to that, because that's an oasis in the desert as well. I'm running around looking for somewhere to belong, and you offer that. And so I'm all in. There's a there's a book written within the last 10 years. It's called chaos, and it talks about Charles Manson, the CIA and like how you know, all these kinds of things. It's a very, very inflammatory book, depending on your stance. But the fascinating thing to me was they're talking about his followers, and they made the statement they came from stable environments, and they came from loving homes, and they came from the excuse my language, bullshit. People who come from stable environments and loving homes do not end up in cults. Bottom line, they don't end up in controlling environments.

Matthias Miller  34:00
So break break down the misperception. Because obviously your definition of a loving, loving, safe home is different than the definition that they were using. So what, where do you do? Are you able to articulate where that differentiate, where that difference showed

Kevin David Kridner  34:15
up? The differentiation, to me, is we could come from externally, everything that looks, smells, touch, taste like a happy, healthy home, but there's something missing there. Because if there wasn't something missing, would not go looking for another home. They would just simply wouldn't. It's not how human nature works. So there was something missing. And to me, the missing thing is the knowing and being known truly. This is who I am. There was a longing in those people that went on. Known for too long any cult member, there is a longing that has gone unknown for too long. End of story. Now we need to understand that instead of shaming that person for being part of station, or that cult, or whatever controlling environment what led you there? That's what we need to look at. You want to cut cults off at the knees. Have the guts to look at the personal histories of the person, the people who are involved, they won't have fertile field to pick from. We want to look at them as the bad guys. And certainly,

Speaker 1  35:52
there's a lot of there's a lot of data there. You know, there's a lot of drinking the cooler. It has happened, yes, of course. But what about the fields they were picking from?

Unknown Speaker  36:04
Right? Look at that. No, we don't want to look at that. We don't ever want to

Matthias Miller  36:16
get that. And maybe it's because this is another, another thing that you touched on a little bit, and maybe worth digging into a little bit more. But what's the what is clearly, there's a genesis of a logging at some point, somewhere along the line, this thing started to take shape and take root and to grow. And there was some kind of rule, by some loose definition, cultural standard, expectation. Here's what I need to do to be liked or accepted or something by which that longing was not I mean at the at the far extreme, not worth being fulfilled or sorry, it one, you know, getting even more, I'm not saying this very well, but you know, maybe all the way to it can't be at the height, can't even be expressed or articulated, because just articulating the longing itself is such a threat to whatever perfect environment is being set up. So the question that I would have in some, some degree or capacity, I mean, there's a handful of questions. One is, most people in this, these types of situations, don't actually understand what the longing is that they've suppressed. It's so far buried. And so kind of question number one is, how do you, how do you even begin the process of excavation to get to what that longing is so that you don't aren't susceptible? I think the other thing, the other question too, is also kind of reverse engineering. How do these get built? So what are the what are the rules and the expectations around vulnerability and asking for help and weakness and other types of things that cause these longings to be buried in the first place.

Kevin David Kridner  38:09
Yeah, but we just got the fertile field for the next year of podcasts right there,

Matthias Miller  38:14
right? Well, I mean so well done. Thank you. I mean simple, simple, easy questions, right?

Kevin David Kridner  38:21
Like, well, there has to be something very foundation. I mean, that's just the reality. We know that, that this is not a problem that just popped up, you know? It's very foundational, and maybe it goes all the way back to the core emotional needs that every human being has. One of my mentors used to say that she believed that God gave us four core emotional needs. And as I've worked with people, I've come to see in most cases, this is true, but she said the four core emotional needs God gave us are to be accepted, to belong, to be known and To be loved in the knowing

Kevin David Kridner  39:19
foundationally we were designed to receive that from God, the acceptance, the belonging, the knowing, the being loved and the knowing, we were designed to to receive that from God, before, right now, there's there's this roomy poem, and he writes this line, and it's been resonating through my head over the last month or so. He said, beyond right and wrong is a garden. I'll meet you there, and I see. Return to the objective reality, the true and falseness.

Unknown Speaker  40:07
Presence of God,

Kevin David Kridner  40:10
he defines what's true, he defines what's false, and that is such safety and security. The rabbis teach that prior to the fall, that's all there was. Was true and false. It was straight, objective. What God said was true is true. What God said is false is false. Said the damage of the fall was everything became subjective based on my need for safety and security. So it turned to right, wrong, good, bad, healthy, unhealthy, and away from the objective truth of true and false. Wrestle with that one for a minute.

Matthias Miller  41:00
Yeah, you can't my brain's flipping a few breakers here. So let me just reiterate back to you with the so the fundamental idea is, before the fall, God is present. God is the definition of reality. And by implication, there's full there's full acceptance, full knowing, full belonging in that space and the distortion of the fall. When we've talked in the past about the concept of sin as as and a definition of sin as wounding. But there's a distortion of our desires such that our own, our own needs, really become the definition of our reality, yes, which unseats God from being able to define reality. And so the return, then of the gospel. The gospel really, ultimately, is a journey of us finding our wholeness in him, remembering, remembering such that we can find such that we can live in such a way again, whereby he defines reality and we find our we find our being in him, which is union.

Kevin David Kridner  42:39
Yeah, that's where our set, our acceptance, our belong, are being known, are being loved in that knowing. That's where the fulfillment of it is like, think about metaphorically speaking child is born, and that child recognizes that this world is a very big, scary place. Choices every single day, and I have no objective standard which to apply. How do I make these decisions? So I do the best I can with what I have. I just make decisions based on my experiences. I touch that hot pan on the stove. It hurt really bad. I don't touch that pan again. I'm out on a walk. I go to pet this dog. The dog bites me. I don't pet dogs anymore. Like, we just learn these lessons, and those are very simplistic lessons, obviously, but like, I don't touch dogs anymore. You're gonna feel really abandoned. I don't know what to do. I don't know the right thing to do, because you're disconnected from the source, and those who should, who have come before you, who shouldn't know these rules by now don't, because all of their learning is based on their perceptions. So I'm looking to them, and they're not able to teach me, because all they're learning is based on their perceptions, but they're convinced they're right because their safety and security deems them have to be right. So I'm having experiences that tell me no dogs are actually great to pet, but they're telling me, Don't ever pet a dog, because their experience tells them that dogs bite and some do. I go to the dog park and they run up to me, and I pet them, and I give them the treats, and they love me. How do I wrestle with that? So I. Think that to start to unpack what you're saying is we have to recognize these four, these core emotional needs that we all have, and that they can only be fulfilled in God. But when I'm separated from God, I have to start changing myself in order to achieve those things in our world, to be accepted, to belong, I have to change myself based on the environment that I'm in. I mean, I don't have to, obviously, but the pole to change myself, to be acceptable, to conform, to have community, is so utterly

Matthias Miller  45:40
powerful. Well, what you're describing is a feedback loop in an echo chamber. I mean, it's, it's a closed system, by that closed self reinforcing system, which always, which always has limitations. And that that feedback loop is going to reward certain types of behaviors and and so I don't see any any way

Kevin David Kridner  46:14
think about this like you have that echo chamber. You've got that feedback side that saying doesn't have to be that way. I think there's two manifestations of the there's the Old Testament prophet. There's the John the Baptist. There's the Jesus figure who's standing outside saying, in union with God, connected to God, right? And then you have the cult leader who comes from the same place. This has been very painful to be here, and I don't want to be here. I want to be outside of it, but they're not tied in union to God. So the promise, if you look at the promises of the 60s, freedom, love, acceptance, belonging, all these they're not bad things, objectively, they're not bad things, and they're an attempt to cure the ills of but because the religious environment in the echo chamber, they want nothing to do with that. So they're going to achieve these things on their own. That's how a cult becomes it's two things, two manifestations of the same thing. One's in union with God, the other is in union with safety and security and fear and rebellion. Those are, those are the two things, and probably get myself in trouble for making that statement. But wouldn't be the first time, nor the last time.

Unknown Speaker  47:52
Wouldn't be, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  47:57
but we're all searching for it, acceptance and belonging and to be known to be loved, all of us.

Matthias Miller  48:16
I think another challenge with this is that it's so difficult. Okay, so conceptually, jumping back to Samson, and makes sense, like, of course, Gibson, you should go live your life by what God said. Great. You know, making, making the statement, the inference, it's easy, but pragmatically, when you're in the middle of a situation when you're I mean, I'm going to pick on you, but like this, you recently wrote about your experience about this. I think this is for paid subscribers, but a recent experience of what led you back towards teaching, which is something that you weren't going to do when you're looking at major life events, when you're looking at a situation, you don't know what to do. Of course, it makes logical sense. Well, you should, you know, you should look to God. But functionally, tactically, how does that play out? How does that play out? How do you know? How do you and there's 1,000,001 people who will tell you exactly the step to step A to Z of how to hear from God, like there's tutorials,

Unknown Speaker  49:32
right, right? There's no shortage of YouTube videos,

Matthias Miller  49:35
right, which, ironically, even even those people, with

Kevin David Kridner  49:40
Revelation. Matthias recently, there's the I don't know how it comes through, but like my I get YouTube updates. And on these YouTube updates, my Archangel has been communicating with me through this YouTube update. It says your Archangel has a. A message for you, why don't, why don't you just follow that?

Matthias Miller  50:07
I mean, literally, people do that with, I mean, people do that with AI. They do that with any number of like, even, you know, various forms of even happenstance and coincidence. Not, not to deny that God doesn't intervene in the daily parts of life, but,

Kevin David Kridner  50:32
but, but talk about the in a desert and seeing an oasis like this, if you're really struggling and you don't know what to do, and all of a sudden this email comes across, or this post comes across, or this YouTube video comes across, and you go, Oh, wow, this is directed for me. I've been starving for connection, and now all of a sudden, this is for me. That's a dangerous place to be in. Well, this is the word I am needing

Matthias Miller  51:12
when that that's where, even, you know, highly prophetic cultures can can end up reinforcing people's dysfunction. Because it's like you can share something and you know, no matter whatever, like, let's, you can just say anything, nice, friendly, a building, happy, whatever. And it's like, oh, that really hits. I really needed to hear that. That must be God, because I feel good from it. Like, again, it sounds like, it sounds like I'm really anti everything. I mean, like, but there's, there's everything I mean,

Unknown Speaker  51:52
not a bad stance to take.

Matthias Miller  51:56
Kevin's just shrugging his shoulders like, okay, great. I Yes, and it's maybe one of the reasons, I mean, through, admittedly, through your influence, but one of the reasons why, increasingly, it's become less of all of that stuff and like, can we just go back to the very foundation of love? Like, can I please be known? Can I make well, it's love rooted, rooted in Wow. I can't even talk in truth and reality. It's like, okay, here's this mirage. This looks amazing. All right, you know, you and I have had conversations about the fact that I don't always like my skepticism and cynicism at the same time. Sometimes I'm very gullible and susceptible. Like, there's no like, whatever, but, but let's employ healthy skepticism. Like, okay, like, there's this amazing thing. Like, okay, great. Like, maybe he is, but can we investigate what's the truth? What's the facts, what's the outcome? I have to think of this. This is diving down into the realm of miracles. We have to think of John G lake in his his scientific studies that he had people do, which I don't, I don't know, just a ton of details, but it's like, if these things are true, if God's real, like, why is he so? I think people sometimes take a Jesus statement about no sign being given to this generation as kind of like, God's not really in favor with being investigated, but, but, but if God lives in truth, is there not this world in which, not through our own, you know, scientific superior or humanistic superiority. But can we take an humble curiosity to investigate what is true, what is real? And so this process

Kevin David Kridner  53:54
a lot, you know, no, no sign will be given. But what does he say before that a wicked and adulterous generation asked for a sign, but no sign will give be given, but the sign of Jonah. What's the sign of Jonah?

Matthias Miller  54:11
I mean, just most simplistically, it seems like the message of Jonah was repent.

Kevin David Kridner  54:19
Well, Jonah's given this opportunity. He's given the information, the word has come to him, and he doesn't like it, right? He's like, Nah, not going to do that. And he runs away. And his actions have consequences, like this is the sign that you've been given. You're running away and your actions have consequences. That's your sign.

Unknown Speaker  54:51
Look at your world. How is your world playing out in.

Kevin David Kridner  55:00
You're so right, you're so connected, you're so authoritative. Where's the peace, where the joy? Where's the union, where's the community, where's the true and false. You're operating in subjective realities as if they were objective. This is true and false. Really, really, okay. The sign of Jonah is that sign you are running. You're running away from Unity, you're running away from love, you're running away from connection and grace and mercy, and there are consequences for that. That's your sign.

Kevin David Kridner  55:58
You're seeking comfort anywhere you can, in the lap of Delilah, you know, in a cold you know, anywhere like you're seeping seeking comfort. And I understand that. I understand that this world does not operate as it should, but you're seeking comfort in all the wrong places. Delilah's lap is not a comforting place.

Matthias Miller  56:29
So if you want to take this to kind of a logical conclusion, one of the best skill sets to develop and cultivate over time is what what does true comfort look like. What does What does his grace? What does the experience of His grace, His love, His acceptance, his knowing? What does that look like? What does it look like to be home in him, not in the world? And there's a there's a very experiential sense to some of this, these, these things by which I you can, you can allow these well, let's just stop with that. What are your thoughts on that?

Kevin David Kridner  57:17
Have initial thoughts? By no means have a conclusion, but I suspect it looks like something like manna in the desert. And I suspect that because of that story, and I suspect Jesus is teaching in Matthew five through seven is all about today. Worry about tomorrow. Stay present today. You know your father loves you. He you know he knows exactly what you need like be here today. I suspect that it looks like manna in the desert, but today is where he is with you in this moment. Allah, take this but just like that story, like the the prohibition is, Do not store up what you have today and carry it in tomorrow, because it'll be spoiled and rotten tomorrow, and it'll make you sick. I suspect that it looks like man in the desert. What is here today is here for today, and I don't store it for tomorrow, because it corrupts and it makes me sick, whether that's finances or it's relationships or it's whatever the case may be, you look too far Beyond Today, you get sicker and sicker and sicker you

Kevin David Kridner  58:43
if I hear another sermon about legacy, I'm just going to vomit in the sanctuary, because your legacy is built by man in the desert, day by day by day, for years and Years and years like Eugene Peterson said, he wrote a book called a long obedience in the same direction. That's man in the desert. That is what I think he's calling us to. I hope

Matthias Miller  59:16
I have a chance to preach sometime with you in the audience, because I want to see you throw it and I'm just kidding, please. Kidding, please do. I mean, this is very, very fascinating. So, so it's very interesting. It seems to me, like a lot of the, I mean, a lot of the ways to sell people something is to get them out of their present situation either into their past. So how do you you know? Let's introduce some self protective mechanisms so that this bad thing that happened one time won't happen again. Let's get you into some desirous state of the future and and promise you some kind of crazy outcome. And I. I mean, there's so many layers to this, but so many of the things well. So that's just a very interesting observation where the very best solution to whatever problem you're in is go pick up what's in front of you today. Now, go do it. Go take just a few steps forward, whatever you're capable of, and then go, go to bed rest, wake up tomorrow morning, go do the same thing again. And I think it's very intriguing to me. I feel like there's a trend in the general voice, or there's an emerging trend of the voice in business, in which there's been so much it's it's partially the bubbles that I'm in and the people I'm listening to, but it's there's been so much of an emphasis on on strategy and and choosing the right direction and the mindset and setting up your environment and and then you have these voices that are emerging. They're like, guys, like, this is kind of dumb, like doing things is what moves the needle and and certainly you can, you can, you can stupidly do things and not learn lessons from things that aren't working. Don't do that, but doing things does kind of matter. Actually matters a lot.

Kevin David Kridner  1:01:21
And you could, you could correct me on this if I'm wrong, the only time strategy and looking ahead is really, really necessary is when you're traveling at 300 miles an hour, then you need to predict what's coming. You really do, because otherwise you're going to hit that wall. But if you're walking at two miles an hour, you got plenty of time to see what's coming. And really, isn't this the way of the monk of the mystic of the you know, whatever manifestation you want to think of is slowing down to today. What's in front of me today? What can I do today?

Matthias Miller  1:02:18
Well, and I mean, you can, you can even take this so and

Kevin David Kridner  1:02:26
it's not what James says too. Yeah, like you you predict. Oh, tomorrow I'm going to go to this place. I'm going to do business here. I'm going to do this. No, tomorrow isn't guaranteed. All you have is today, right? But how do I predict? How do I know where I'm going to spend Christmas and I got to make plans. And okay, but are those urgent things, or are you walking through that? Are you driving by at 300 miles an hour, or are you walking it's hard to see beauty out the window at 300 miles an hour. It's really easy to see it when you're walking down the street.

Matthias Miller  1:03:15
When I think, I think, isn't this the question? Also, when I'm trying to wrap my head around this. I think so. One problem is when people sell strategy to people who are walking. So that's a problem. The subsequently speed. It also comes down to your perception of speed? Does speed happen based on how fast you go or how many people are going with you? And that's that's also fundamentally a scalability question.

Kevin David Kridner  1:03:54
There's an old African proverb I came across in like, one of the running books. It says, If you want to go fast, go you want to go far, go together.

Kevin David Kridner  1:04:09
Urgency, immediately means alone, right? Right?

Matthias Miller  1:04:26
Okay, so can we dive back rules for jump back rule, rules that keep keep men stuck in lack of intimacy, lack of connection.

Kevin David Kridner  1:04:41
So how does that play that urgency, that I do it alone, you know, that kind of thing. How does that play out in a man's life

Matthias Miller  1:04:49
so fundamentally? And I feel like, I feel like I don't think I'm well, I'm not happy, and. Not satisfied, I suppose, with where I've come to with this, but I feel like shedding the urgency in whatever capacity I've been able to which is incredibly difficult for me, but has led to me settling in and doing way more than I had with the urgency. It's, it's almost like the urgency. I mean, there's so many things that urgency, so many fruits of urgency that aren't, aren't great. It's, it's distracted. Urgency leads to distractedness. You miss things, you you use, you use up a substantial part of your brain cycles, trying to, trying to think about how fast you're going. So but, but when the pressure, when the pressure is on, and you don't see the path for tomorrow. How do you surrender urgency? And is this just a resilient I mean, for me, I feel like there has been some level in which I've learned to just shut it off, like not always, but I mean, I'm sometimes shocked at the problems that I tolerate and just ignore, because what is there to do about it? I mean, right,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:34
so what if?

Unknown Speaker  1:06:43
Psalm 4610, Be still and know that I am God. What if he actually met that?

Kevin David Kridner  1:06:55
In these virgin situations, you're all revved up, and you have to go do this thing, and you have to do this thing, and this has to be this way. What if all of these are artificial timelines created for some self indulgent purpose that create anxiety in us and just burn us out? I was talking to a buddy of mine last night, and we're working on a project together, and this project had elements of it being shipped to where he lives, and it was supposed to arrive yesterday, just the elements of it, just the pieces. The pieces are not going to be put in place for best case scenario a month. But the truck broke down, and it didn't arrive like it was supposed to, and it set him on this spiral. Okay, so let's say it doesn't come until Friday. Does that change anything? No, then why are we so upset? Because I had a timeline in my head of how these things are supposed to happen. How's what play out? It's artificial, right? What if God gave you a gift yesterday, you had all these things, unload the truck, it put the elements in storage, you know, all that kind of stuff. And now you have a day that thought has come to me so many times over the last couple of years. How many, how many artificial timelines I have in my head of when this needs to happen and why this needs to happen and how it needs to happen. Needs to happen, and the anxiety that comes from it astronomical. Can I just be grateful that God gave me this manna today, this day of rest,

Matthias Miller  1:09:02
all that stuff. I mean, I think it's also useful to add some definition to what being still in knowing that He is God actually means because, and we've had this conversation that's I have, I've been around mentors who teach that you should spend, you should you should tithe 90% of your time, so 90% of your time should be in worship and in prayer, and that 10, only 10% of the time you should actually work. And that's the only thing that's ever worked for them. So that's an interesting concept. It's, it's, it's great that it works for them. I'm not convinced that it's a rule for everybody. So so be still and know, you can be internally you can be externally active and internally calm. You can be internally active and externally calm. And isn't a lot of the Be still and know, a surrender in the things that we can't control, being at peace and trusting it does. Necessarily, it might mean physical inactivity, but it might also just mean doing the thing that's in front of you that you have to do, giving yourself the space and margin. Is there room for some understanding that there are seasons of planting, seasons of harvest, but there should also be seasons of rest, like it's not, we're not creating rigid daily routines that we stick, stick to every single day, because needs change, seasons change, we can adapt, but it's making sure we don't get lost in the process. The people close to us don't get lost in the process. So it ends up being a very organic in my mind, be still and know that that he is, that I am God is a very organic process by which we stay attuned to ourselves, to the people around us, to God, to the situations don't try to control or manipulate what we can't change. Are willing to put our shoulder to the wheel of the things that we can and just abide in the present. Is that, what are your thoughts on that?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:03
Yeah, I think it's I think you're hitting the nail on the head, like if

Kevin David Kridner  1:11:14
God would have a plan for us that he wanted us to follow every day, it would have it would be laid out clearly. There would be percentages. It would say in Scripture, 90% of your time given to me. 10% of time is yours. It's almost an invitation to step into this place with him and let let the we negotiate what that looks like. But that's not black and white. I can't sell a book about that. I can't correct all your bad behaviors with as human beings. We believe we can, but I can't correct your bad behaviors unless I give you a 123, step plan of how this works. I can't let it organically come about.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:19
It's just another method of the machine go read the Bible in a year.

Kevin David Kridner  1:12:27
Okay, if that's what God is calling you to do, and that's what you feel led to do, by all means, do it. But if you cannot do that, if you set out to read the Bible in a year, and you get to numbers and you quit. Was that really God calling you to do that? Or is that a self imposed self regulation program? Maybe he's calling you to something else.

Matthias Miller  1:13:00
Well, I wonder if some of the, some of this, the things around goal setting. So I've, I've noticed I don't like setting goals that I don't have a reasonable expectation. So some people love to sit set crazy goals and are like, I'm gonna shoot for the moon, and even if I whatever like to me, that's just dumb. Like, if you like to do that, no problem. Like, that's that's great. If it works for you, great. It doesn't for me. I'm I'm too rational in this. If I can't hit it, then, then why set it? But I've also been paid, tried to try to become a lot more attentive about working with him to establish what that goal actually should be before I commit to it. So, so even something as pragmatic as I mean, I have, I have specific metrics at work that I'm measuring on an ongoing basis. All that I have can largely have control over I have a bit but I it. But if, if, okay, there's, and there's certainly a place in which that, that goal, can become an idol. It can, it can trump other things. But if, if this is something that's truly important, and and we, and we allow room for him to renegotiate. We allow life adaptations in life, all the caveats that need to be given, but Goal, goal setting, to me, then becomes a negotiation in which what, what in what fits, what is, what is an appropriate level of activity that fits the anticipated level of disruption with the current capacity that I have, and you can't get away from the fact that you have needs. You need. A certain amount of sleep, you in some capacity, need a certain amount of income. In most cases, there's a certain amount of time dedication that's required to that there are there's kind of this mathematical like, let's break down the resources mathematically, of which you have available to you, and let's make proper use of that.

Matthias Miller  1:15:30
That's pretty rambly, but

Kevin David Kridner  1:15:34
what does it mean to be a good steward of your resources? To time, money, relationships, emotional capacity, intellectual capacity. What does it mean to be a good steward of your resources? Maybe that's the man. That's the male issue that we're looking at here, Samson had resources. What would it mean to be a good steward of his resources?

Matthias Miller  1:16:21
Well, the classic definition is to maximize output based on your inputs, right? That's the classic definition. But I don't know that I've ever really been satisfied with with stewardship by whatever definition, apart from connection. I don't think like is, isn't this fundamentally going back to the feedback loops? Isn't this fundamentally a question of, are you going to be a good good steward by your own echo chamber, in your own feedback loop and by maximizing your inputs? Or are you going to be a good steward based on a objective third party standard by which you can which you can, which you can only fulfill, in relationship, in union, and in walking and knowing, right?

Kevin David Kridner  1:17:08
My feedback loop from the beginning was productivity. You're a good boy when you're productive by these standards. So how that looked to me, as you were and you work and work and you work and you work. And there's a service element to it. You work for the church. You work with your family. You work for whenever any when a friend asks for help, you help them. It was, that was my ethos. That's what it meant to be a good steward. Because I'm strong and I can lift things, and I can go and go and go and go. I can run marathons, I can I can do all of that. You know, I have the money that I have, and I use that to to to help other people. You know, just that was the ethos. But it was all about productivity. Being a good steward of my resources meant producing. And it just destroyed me, because there were people who were all too willing to just take and take and take and take, and I was all too willing to give and give and give and give until I couldn't give anymore. And then when I lost it, when I devolved into some sort of self soothing behavior, you're no use to it me any longer. And that hit hard. It hit foundationally. You're not producing and producing if your entire identity being a good steward, if your resources as a man was to produce, and you're not producing, you got an existential crisis going on.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:16
That's the value of the shadow of death at Samson's hair. I

Kevin David Kridner  1:19:43
What do you do at that point? And it becomes really, really clear that how you've learned to steward your resources is not working. Yeah, and you've got really. Really clear evidence that it ain't working

Matthias Miller  1:20:05
in most of these situations. It's, it's like, there's some assumption that there's some part of it that you're doing well, like, you know, obviously you should work hard, you should make money, you should, you know, you should serve other people. And and then, and then the, the ironic thing is that when you're living within the system, then we start injecting other things into the system as well. Well, okay, but you're doing but you're not doing enough over here. You're not doing taking enough care, well enough care of yourself. You're not taking well enough care of your family or your marriage, or your and and so we, we stay trapped within the system, but just try to, you know, it's some kind of game of Whack a Mole, of trying to, like, fix it.

Speaker 1  1:20:51
Yeah, I was having a business meeting with a business partnering, and then a potential partner and as often happens with conversations like this, it was scheduled for an hour, and it ended up being two or three hours, strangely enough,

Kevin David Kridner  1:21:12
but at some time we got we got on to the the concept of Church, and each of our church experiences and the business part, or the person we're talking to about bringing in. He said, can I be brutally honest? And we're like, please, of course. And he said, I just feel like it just needs to be burned down. Okay, what do you mean? The whole system? He goes, the whole system, and what's left is pure, and we can move forward from there, and everything else just needs to be burned down. And I went to see the singer Amanda cook a few years ago. It was like an album release party, and happened to be your birthday party. And so they interviewed her, and then she was talking as well and performing all kind of stuff. She talked about her divorce, and she talked about after that, she was depressed, she was suicidal, she was all these things, and she made this statement was very much like what this guy was saying. She said everything had to be burned down, and what was pure, what was left was me and Jesus, and I rebuilt from there. And I wonder if individually, we have to have this burning down, and what's pure is left, and we move forward from there. I wonder if we all have to have that, and maybe it's the grace of God that we do experience it, and maybe it's our level of avoidance and manipulation and ego and all those kind of things that some never have, that some never have, the burn it all down, and what's left is pure

Matthias Miller  1:23:02
Well, here in Colorado, we're very familiar with well, California as well forest fires. I mean, it can be very natural way for ecologically just to clean things out and start over and create room for new growth. And Scripture talks about the idea of pruning and things getting cut, cut back. There's the idea of the Year of Jubilee, in which things kind of get reset, start over. Like, like, this idea of their I mean, we see this in the seasons in an agricultural way. It's like, yes, you plant, use, you harvest, you you, you know, depending. And there's all kinds of things about soil care, but you potentially, you just allow the things to decompose into the soil to provide nutrients for the following year and all these other types. Like, there's whole science around this, but the idea of cycles by which things get demolished in some capacity, so that what's real can emerge from that is, is very much, it's, it's a fact of life. It's, it's very evident as we look in at creation, at the world around us, and as we look at Scripture. And so the question then becomes, are we going to, I mean, are we going to allow a burn of when things get lit on fire where that's appropriate, trusting that the things that are meant to remain are going to remain, or are we going to sacrifice ourselves and the people around us To preserve something that perhaps has met the end of its days. And I, again, I'm bringing a lot of stuff in from the business context, one of my friends shared a post in one of the groups that he was in from one of the one of one of the one of the leaders of kind of the the online coaching and consulting move. Moment, and just shared how difficult of a time he had being profitable in the business and and I mean, I It's no secret that the bottom is has been falling, has fallen out, I would say. And yet people, there are people who are desperately still trying to hang on. And this happens just throughout the world and in so many different environments, so many different settings. And it's not necessarily any individual's fault. And I think that maybe the most fundamental question, and maybe tying all this stuff together is, when that happens, are you going to Who are you going to sacrifice in the process? And do you have the the relational foundation that you need to rebuild from the rubble

Kevin David Kridner  1:26:02
is you will find out who your friends are. When the fire gets set and everything is burning down, you will find out who your friends are,

Speaker 1  1:26:18
and do not be shocked when it's you can count them on one hand.

Kevin David Kridner  1:26:23
Yeah, and to me, that is, that's the power. One of the blessings of the burning down is you find out who is walking with you, who's willing to go through the mess with you.

Matthias Miller  1:26:45
It really becomes a litmus test of character in Motive

Kevin David Kridner  1:26:50
without a doubt. Wow. So when sent when Samson's house burned down, where was everybody who was there? I

Kevin David Kridner  1:27:14
didn't see too many lining up to support Council. Which

Kevin David Kridner  1:27:24
do? Does it mean that the relationships you thought were solid were friends or whatever follow the way? Yeah. And does that mean? Is that very painful? Yeah, of course it is. But is it an objectively bad thing? No,

Matthias Miller  1:27:53
yeah, so if you want to talk good stewardship, is it not a relief to know these are places I can pour relationally relational energy into, and have it be a good place to be,

Kevin David Kridner  1:28:11
and have it be reciprocated.

Matthias Miller  1:28:12
And have it be reciprocated.

Kevin David Kridner  1:28:20
As a man, you want to know who your friends are. See who's pouring relation, who's reciprocating. Don't make excuses. Who's reciprocating, and who are you not reciprocating with? Look at it really clearly,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:45
as a man, where is that relational filling happening? Where is it being reciprocated? Where is union at?

Kevin David Kridner  1:29:06
If there's not union, if you don't see the reciprocation,

Kevin David Kridner  1:29:15
take your hands off the wheel for a month. Don't reach out, don't whatever, see what happens, and not in a cynical way, but in a litmus test way, that's okay. You've got relational connection other places you need to fulfill that by all means, like I can just let that go.

Matthias Miller  1:29:41
But what you're describing is absolutely and utterly terrifying, because what happens if you, like, take your hands off the wheel and you don't hear back from anybody for the next month, three months, six months, 12 months. How long is it going to take?

Kevin David Kridner  1:29:58
That's wild. Well, if you don't. Here back a month, six months, 12 months, two years, whatever. What does that tell you? There was space being taken up in your life that was not restorative. It was not life giving.

Matthias Miller  1:30:21
But do you know, am I alone in this? Do you know how shockingly small that number actually is?

Kevin David Kridner  1:30:29
Oh yeah, I do. I've just walked through it and on the other side of it, and I'm comfortable with it. I could tell you right now, I could count the number of people that I have in my life that are living, you know, are I'm pouring into they're pouring into me on one hand, and I'm okay with it, because I know if they called me today and said, Hey, I need something, I drop everything. Go do it for him. And the opposite is true as well. I know hands down.

Kevin David Kridner  1:31:17
Now, would I like that number to be bigger?

Unknown Speaker  1:31:22
No, honestly wouldn't, because I don't have the ability, and they don't have the ability,

Kevin David Kridner  1:31:34
to have that level of connection for a mass audience.

Speaker 1  1:31:43
It's not possible, not possible, and you end up like Samson, chained to the pillars.

Matthias Miller  1:31:56
And to get there, you have to have a surrender of who those people should be. Yes.

Kevin David Kridner  1:32:01
Oh, man, yes. Do I want them to be? Who they should be, all that kind of thing, just just like, who is? Let it go. Let it go. Wow.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:23
That's

Matthias Miller  1:32:30
That's profound, right there,

Kevin David Kridner  1:32:39
and that person that can do that. Who's been through that valley of the shadow of death and seen the fire fall and had everything burned away to what is just pure, that person is very dangerous to the system? Yeah, very dangerous because they can't be shamed or manipulated or coerced or whatever to get what the system wants from them,

Kevin David Kridner  1:33:14
be it the world system, the church system, the economic system, whatever the case may be, whatever system you're you're talking about, they become very dangerous.

Kevin David Kridner  1:33:34
I think that's why John the Baptist is such an intriguing figure to me. Talk about a guy who did not care would walk into Herod's court and go, Hey, you married your wife, your your brother's wife. That's not cool, and I'm going to tell you about it in front of all of your sick offense. That's a guy who doesn't care.

Matthias Miller  1:34:03
Well, so maybe for next time juxtaposition, I really like, super fascinating. But, you know, the question arises, what was different about John the Baptist? How was he able to live a almost cringe saying the words, because it's been so misused. But how did he get away with the set apart life? Like, like, like, how did he I'm not trying to use some kind of Christian he's like, slogan, but like, how did he manage to be set apart by God? And yes, he had doubts he was asking Jesus questions about whether he asking, asking, Are you really the guy? But you look at how he lived his life and what we read about him living his life compared to Samson, it's an interesting contrast,

Kevin David Kridner  1:34:58
and further. Like one step further, his dad part of the temple system. Talk about family pressure,

Matthias Miller  1:35:12
yeah, yes, although, admittedly, his dad had a few run ins with God that made him, I think, kind of may have opened his eyes. Yeah, opened his eyes. May have jolted his allegiance to the system, just a hair, but

Speaker 1  1:35:31
little bit. I mean, there's the ability to speak for a long time. I mean, that kind of will open your eyes.

Matthias Miller  1:35:40
Yes, good. Well, once again, Kevin, I've enjoyed this conversation, and for all of you guys listening, we hope that you enjoy these conversations as well, and we welcome your feedback. If you want to get these by we've got daily emails that are going out on substack. You can sign up on there, just go to pub in the desert, com platform of the choice, of your choice, and and follow us. Let us know any feedback that you've got. We'd love to hear from you. And just a, just a challenge to all of us to continue pursuing the we over the eye and to learn to live day by day in in what God's got for us. So join us. We appreciate you joining us on our journey. All right, till next time,

Speaker 1  1:36:37
till next time you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai