Speaker 1  00:59
Yo you oh I know sound want to do

Speaker 2  01:06
just hold on a second don't get thrown your arms up at me I'm looking well that's the problem of course then I can't produce sound out of my microphone yet dumb silly Oh hold on

Speaker 2  01:29
okay now should work nope still no love I still do love

Speaker 1  01:36
I'll stop it What's your problem

Speaker 2  01:42
not recognize why what's what's the deal what's the deal

Unknown Speaker  02:09
ta

Speaker 2  02:11
Diem as system unmute your speakers to increase you Of course. Okay Try me now. There we go for some reason my my whatever this thing's called My the thing that thing that I plug into USB that my

Speaker 2  02:40
audio device thing rejigger whatever every once in a while for some reason it does not like to connect on USB and it always happens the most inopportune times when I'm doing a zoom call

Unknown Speaker  02:52
that's that's not always happens it's a personal problem. Brother you seven saying

Matthias Miller  03:03
it's personal keep it to yourself. Sorry. It's Wednesday afternoon. You want to hear something cool.

Unknown Speaker  03:14
But the

Matthias Miller  03:21
first of all, Nick and I have been working together and

Unknown Speaker  03:30
we have

Matthias Miller  03:34
80% of finished goods done

Matthias Miller  03:42
FTI accounting,

Speaker 2  03:44
what does that even mean? That finished good things. You should be growing gray hair over it I'm telling you the amount of things that can go wrong in the in the finish that in identifying when a building should come off a finished goods is endless. Trust me, I know I do sales tax. And I do well you know, in the end I do the the building audits and let's just say whenever whenever we do logistics reworks something always is not going to work right? I guess this is not necessarily the case of logistics. reworks it's just the case of building software. Something's not going to work right.

Matthias Miller  04:26
I know it is its way to me. I have this knot in my stomach that this is this was way too simple.

Unknown Speaker  04:36
What the FDA?

Unknown Speaker  04:38
Yeah. Well, I mean, we spent a

Matthias Miller  04:45
total of a day or two together working on it.

Speaker 2  04:49
I have no doubt that the process that you and Mark laid out and that you and Nick are building is a good process. It's there's this one little details. fine detail it goes like this What happens when a when a driver forget to mark off his building or fails to do so or for whatever reason something glitches something doesn't work, the building doesn't fall off finished goods inventory, you cross a month, and or you cross some sort of, you know, timeframe when it should have been in a prior timeframe. Nightmares

Unknown Speaker  05:23
my wife ever knew saying

Matthias Miller  05:26
not my monkey, not my circus. Oh, you and Mark have to figure that one out? Yeah, well, maybe that's probably not

Speaker 2  05:35
the only the only thing I would say to you is make sure that in whatever you're doing is that if that if those situations happen, where a building should have fallen off finished goods inventory, and it doesn't fall off until a prior like, okay, it should have fell off in 2022. But for whatever reason, we just find out about it in 2023. And so we go back in, in April, the 26th of 2023. We go mark it for the day that it actually was delivered. What happens in 2020 is records.

Matthias Miller  06:13
Well, at this point, nothing. We update the accounting system as soon as we found out well, I mean, nothing in 22 records, we update the accounting system as soon as we find out.

Speaker 2  06:26
But what if you've already crossed that line? What if What if you've already crossed the closing of the books timeframe? Then you close the books

Matthias Miller  06:31
your books are wrong? Sorry, dude.

Unknown Speaker  06:35
See, told you nightmare. I'm scared like

Matthias Miller  06:37
December, you should have a finished goods inventory audit? Do we know where every single building is? So that we can close our books out? Okay, that's, that's fair.

Speaker 2  06:45
So before you close books you do you do audits and make sure everything's up to date? And Okay, that's fair.

Matthias Miller  06:54
Um, okay.

Unknown Speaker  06:56
I feel like with the advent of accounting, we're going to have to increase staff

Unknown Speaker  06:59
by 20%.

Unknown Speaker  07:04
I wish making up numbers just by the way,

Matthias Miller  07:06
I'm just made. I wish I could clone myself. Because, dude, if he keeps doing this cold email stuff, and I'm like, just send him like six things. You're like, you're gonna shoot yourself in the foot.

Unknown Speaker  07:21
He's doing what?

Matthias Miller  07:23
He's doing cold email for some of the week already, like scarred, some of that stuff. Kristen is helping him out. We got his massive consumer list with search intent. And I really, really, really, I was telling my wife last night is painful watching somebody who doesn't know anything about marketing.

Unknown Speaker  07:41
Going after marketing.

Speaker 2  07:44
What's even more painful as people going after building software don't know anything about software.

Matthias Miller  07:49
That's also very painful.

Unknown Speaker  07:50
Yeah. How well we know. Well, we know.

Matthias Miller  07:53
Okay, so question for you.

Speaker 2  07:55
Before before we dive into before we dive into real problem solving, I want to throw I want to ask you, if you already have something like this, an idea hit me the other day. And I have this sneaking suspicion over an investor tools. Like you already have something like this and you're going to tell me

Unknown Speaker  08:11
Oh, yeah. Okay,

Speaker 2  08:13
tell me. Okay, so hold on a second. Let me grab Let me grab the incident that I wrote because you can probably okay, let's do this Ctrl C, where is signal signal signal signal signal?

Speaker 2  08:45
Do you have a way in investor tools land for someone to be looking at a record, check a box that notifies somebody else to go review this thing and sign off on it?

Matthias Miller  08:59
We do this on a per record basis. So

Unknown Speaker  09:02
yeah, that's what I'm that's what I'm suggesting.

Matthias Miller  09:04
I mean, like, No, what I mean is, like we would turn it on for incidents. But not something that's generic across everything.

Unknown Speaker  09:15
Can you turn it on for more than incidents?

Speaker 2  09:20
Like building record sales order records, purchase order records, vendor invoice records.

Unknown Speaker  09:28
Trying to think how you do this.

Speaker 2  09:32
Okay. Here's my intent. I get I get really like we have so many departments going on now. That and there's like so much stuff that it would. Okay, so Trello has this really cool, good

Matthias Miller  09:49
answer. Okay, you ready? You have a review, review record. You have a source you have a source URL and you have a assigning all these fields that you have. Yeah. And at the bottom of this thing, we have a link that says Request review spins up a new, a new thing with a link back to the original record in the notes of the review, the requested date, requester. And the option to close out. And so you just linking back back and forth with URLs.

Speaker 1  10:18
Boom, simple done. Okay. That

Matthias Miller  10:25
the biggest challenge with what you're proposing is, well is you can't have a report that runs on buildings and sales orders and all this other stuff. So you create a review record. And in the review record, it has a URL that points back to the original record in which you wanted them to look what they wanted you to take a look at. It's

Speaker 2  10:50
I don't think this it's not right now. But eventually, we're going to need something where you can be like, okay, accounts payable can be in a record. And they can be like, Man, I really, I did something here, but I need somebody to sign off on this. Or, for example, I'm looking at a sales order. And I'm like, Well, why hasn't RTO paid this building yet? Like, drop a review, tag that RTO department, they go review it and go Oh, thank you very much. Like central starting to, like push towards centralizing some of this communication stuff. I feel like I've got so many channels of communication right now between signal discord assist. Like, dude, there's so many, there's so many channels, email Trello. It's like, it's hard to keep up with every single channel of communication.

Unknown Speaker  11:44
And then it's like, it's disconnected

Speaker 2  11:44
information. So it's like, yeah, we handle with URLs, you handle this stuff like this. But it's like, after a while, it's just like, oh, Lord have mercy. Can we? Can we get some things a little bit closer together? But I don't know. I was hoping you had something really cool

Matthias Miller  11:58
for like that? No, but we've got something. I mean, I think my proposal would work smashingly? Well. So

Speaker 2  12:07
how would you generate the review records? Would it be like a URL on every on every detail screen? Or like, what would

Matthias Miller  12:13
be a link, be a link at the bottom? Every day, we would have to manually add, we would have a generic way. Generic review record, slightly customized for each record. Yep. Where you click and

Speaker 2  12:28
it automatically imports a URL to it. That's not a bad idea. So basically, then you're running a report on one level, only, you're running it on the review level, and you're not trying to run it on all these different levels. Dude, that would be fairly easy to implement when

Unknown Speaker  12:46
it would be.

Speaker 2  12:50
Well, if Nick gets bored, and he really wants something cool and fun to do, that's genius, right there. Because it if then it allows you to actually. Okay, so one step further? How could you? How could you then back notify the person after you answered them? That there should be a way to say to like, we have a

Matthias Miller  13:17
whole incident system for this. With notifications, I mean, not really. But like, Why could you have a new incident type of review or something and it gets assigned to you, once you're done, you just assign it back to the person they close it out?

Speaker 2  13:38
Can we keep it out of our like, can we keep it out of the way of our current incident system? Or can they coexist? I guess they can coexist, they can coexist. So basically, you would have a way to create an incident from every single for every single record, create an incident, assign it to somebody that would generate can incidents generate to the notifications bar?

Matthias Miller  14:04
Not currently, not currently, but

Unknown Speaker  14:09
it could be done. All right. Well, we've,

Speaker 2  14:14
we've chased this if you want to, if you want to just grab that thing and throw a couple of your thoughts into it so that we collect this data, it would be interesting to chase at some point. It would I think it has the potential to greatly increase the speed of or the inter inter communication based around just throw a couple notes in there so that we don't forget some of this

Speaker 2  14:47
so essentially, one or two once or twice a day, you just go check your incidents, if there's stuff there, you just handle it.

Matthias Miller  14:54
Yep. And if you have email alerts, then you get the alert in your email to every number of hours, however, however often

Speaker 2  15:02
well, that'd be within you wouldn't need a notification for it.

Unknown Speaker  15:07
No, right. Yeah.

Speaker 2  15:09
We have email alerts, but we just don't do we have it? Do we have it tied into? You're saying there's an automated generated email thing for incidents that are tied to you? Not something we currently have set up, though, right?

Matthias Miller  15:22
It's not configured. But

Unknown Speaker  15:23
yeah, okay. Good enough.

Matthias Miller  15:25
I let notice.

Speaker 2  15:27
This is why I threw it at you because I was suspicious there would be a okay, you were about before I derailed the whole train you were about to ask me some.

Matthias Miller  15:38
Okay, question. We want accessories to be tied out to accounting into accounting categories, GL accounts. Okay. Am I right? That we are changing division GL account. Holder autos are automatically tied to a GL account. So every ramp, if you do a ramp, then it's going to be this account. Okay, but that means the visualizer is gonna have a drop list of, of accessories. Is that okay?

Speaker 2  16:10
Yeah, how would you handle something that we don't have a record for? And other

Matthias Miller  16:17
you have an other item.

Unknown Speaker  16:20
Other work.

Speaker 2  16:25
But you the last time we talked about this, you were saying we don't necessarily we don't want to make it calculated will in any way shape or form? It's basically you select the item, you fill it in the dollar value beings that you already captured the item, that means you can capture the dollar value tied to it. Is that correct?

Matthias Miller  16:43
Well, I think for starters, we were just going to say just a simple record. Just it's just, it's just an accessory name and is active or not. And we don't do anything with with pricing at this point. Right. And then we can tie out accounts for specific

Unknown Speaker  17:02
accessories. I don't have a problem with it. Okay. So yes. So

Speaker 2  17:12
if you remember, Josh has time, Specht to handle some stuff like this. And he's already working in the visualizer this week anyway.

Matthias Miller  17:21
I will tell him, yes, it needs to be dropped this on the checkout page boom.

Speaker 2  17:28
Um, and those records would be? Is it going to be? Is it? Is it going to be a catalog list? Or is it going to be a record? It's gonna be a record. Okay, so then we can make as many of these guys as we want to,

Matthias Miller  17:41
what's gonna happen initially is that all the accessories are all probably going to just migrate into this huge list.

Speaker 2  17:47
How are you going to define an accessory based off of historical information? Again,

Matthias Miller  17:53
which means you'll have a really garbage list in the short term, but if you want to clean it up, you can if not, then

Speaker 2  18:00
theory. Okay, here's, here's a little theory. If, if you select a gravel site prep necessery could automatically grab the correct shipping type when you're checking out two

Matthias Miller  18:18
at a time did one thing at a time? Well, you couldn't have a report. There's so much stuff you could do, man. I mean, there's so much stuff. I'm trying to figure out how much to triage. Are there any really fast ones? We can just knock out here?

Unknown Speaker  18:36
What do you mean? Fast ones?

Matthias Miller  18:40
Things that don't require a lot of

Unknown Speaker  18:44
okay, is this this is see above

Matthias Miller  18:47
is already resolved.

Speaker 2  18:48
Oh, this is this is this is our list? Is that what I'm looking at? What am I looking at? These

Matthias Miller  18:52
are lists. Yeah, these are list. Oh, okay. So simple

Speaker 2  18:55
things to knock out quickly. Okay. Let's talk about let's talk about I don't think she did. Did we do you do the free form RG thing? I see it my blind. Right here before Margie with fields. Okay. Yeah, AP vendor invoice. So, Josh, this is a conversation that you and Josh are supposed to talk about. And when I talked with Josh, this morning, I said, Well, you want me just to enter and I think he's already sort of talked to you about this, you had some concerns about it. So essentially, on the vendor invoice record, we want to do a free form RG that we don't have to have a purchase order for an item so phone bill comes in, and we just want to go straight to vendor invoice record. But that our Josh said you had concerns about this that potentially then we'll just start bypassing all purchase orders. But essentially where we want to move to is predominantly purchase orders are used for two things. One, inventory items two. There's this whole system that they have for Kanban ordering that there's Gonna be purchase orders generated, which I have, which is creating a cleanup nightmare for me right now. But anyway, that's a total side note. Okay? So here's, here's, here's the thing. So they order something from Walnut Creek cheese with a with a kanban card. And because that vendor pays everything by credit card, it's not paid by account. So it doesn't technically run through the accounts payable department right now, which generates all these orphaned, purchase orders that never get tied off to vendor invoices. And I'm trying to work through this whole process of tying those all off in preparation for all of the fun that we're gonna eventually get into every one to accurately be able to spot for accounts payable stuff.

Unknown Speaker  20:38
Yep,

Unknown Speaker  20:40
I'm trying to do work for you. Appreciate it.

Matthias Miller  20:45
So I will put it on my on my list to talk to him, I think is that what you're saying?

Speaker 2  20:49
Okay, so what Josh is waiting on, what Josh is waiting on, is he wants to have your input from your side to make sure that the design of what we're talking about is actually not going to cause issues for you. And I'm pushing to get this thing done, because I really want to use there's there's a lot of stuff that I would start using that thing for immediately.

Matthias Miller  21:16
All right, well, let me so just put it on my list to confirm with Josh. Sure it's urgent for you.

Speaker 2  21:24
Wow, urgency is a little bit of a strong word. But yeah.

Unknown Speaker  21:29
Okay. Well,

Speaker 2  21:33
I did I did want to say do you have like, Are there are there concerns that you want to express to me regarding that, that I should know about? The only thing that

Matthias Miller  21:41
the only thing that I know is from Mark is that they wanted to make sure that things get entered appropriately, correctly? And I think it's something like on the vendor, then you say, do you expect a Pio? Yes or no? Yeah, we

Speaker 2  21:52
were to default fields on the on the vendor record to say, you know, majority of the time I expect the PIO, if that's not checked, and that that would then generate if you go straight to the vendor invoice record and generate a vendor invoice without a POA would say, hey, this vendor normally has POS Are you sure? Yep.

Matthias Miller  22:12
I think conceptually, I'm fine. As I can recall, that was probably the biggest concern that I think Mark had some concerns about accuracy in that regard.

Speaker 2  22:22
But the other the other thing I would love for you and Josh to problem solve is a way to because one of the one of the key things for the for the free form RG is going to be to take items like a phone bill and do split transactions, we're going to quasi use it for split transactions where you want to take a single item and be able to tie it off to two different GL accounts. And we really want the same concept for actual split transactions on purchase ordered product coming into that vendor invoice record. We just bounced it off Josh this morning. I don't know between the two of you, I'm sure you're gonna come up with some fancy way to do split transactions on on vendor invoice, vendor invoices with a Pio attached. Currently, there's no way to do that it's tied off to one single GL account and we want to be able to split it

Speaker 2  23:18
another thing, another easy one. Next steps on plan. What's the next steps? Do you need something for me? Do you what what's our next step?

Matthias Miller  23:26
I have a meeting on Friday that will actually allow me to set up a partner account, which means that you guys can set up sub accounts, which I think is going to make administration a little easier on my end. And so that's the next step. And once I got that it's a matter of giving Whitney the instructions of whatever she needs to set up the plan accounts. I have got, I've got a few one niggling obnoxious thing I need to change on my end, but I'm pulling data and basically able to pull data in.

Unknown Speaker  23:59
Are you running tests and accounts to for testing?

Matthias Miller  24:02
I'm running it out of I was running IT OUT OF THE PLAN test accounts.

Speaker 2  24:06
Oh, God. So you're not actually tied into some bank account for testing?

Matthias Miller  24:10
No, yeah. The thing I was playing around with which I don't know if this is the right way to go about it, or mark is different thought, more efficient thought. But my thought was, I'm having clients to connect it for my own accounting stuff until my bookkeeper, I'm entering all transactions for the next two weeks. And I figured out how I want to do automatic mapping on my end, and see if I can get it about 80%. Right. So that we can use plaid metadata to map

Speaker 1  24:39
map to one. Well, so that if you, for example, if you have

Matthias Miller  24:47
a transaction, all Uber transactions on this checking account should you know well, here's the contact that Uber gets tied up to this contact. And all Uber transactions should default to You know, transportation or travel or something?

Speaker 2  25:03
You're, you're you're proposing going and doing the obnoxious things that my, that my, my budgeting app always does and Miss categorizes some transactions.

Matthias Miller  25:15
Yeah. And it will miscategorized. The question is, is it better if it does or not?

Unknown Speaker  25:19
Got it? It makes sense,

Matthias Miller  25:22
if we should just. And the other way to do it is just to throw it into a dummy holding account of Uncategorized transaction and have somebody else go through and clean them all up once they're imported. IE.

Unknown Speaker  25:35
Sounds kind of ugly.

Speaker 2  25:38
All right. All right. So good. That's all I need to know on that. So you don't need anything from me right now?

Matthias Miller  25:44
Not right now.

Speaker 2  25:46
Alright, let's gonna go on to admin permissions and viewing accounting. Yes. So right now, if you select if I have a permission, if I have a permission profile, and if you if that permission profile is set to admin or to administer administrator, go to Berman admin, no go to go to permit admin. Down to him. So there are a number of things that I need the ability for someone to be an admin, but all of that accounting stuff for the most part, Berman admin, people don't need to see that stuff. And I don't, I don't know how to uncheck like, currently, it's all great. So I can't do anything with unchecking it

Unknown Speaker  26:34
through this

Speaker 2  26:40
I don't know how many times I have tried to go and actually turn that into a user account. And every single time it comes around to bite me and somebody says, I can't do this again. And I can't do that was great fun. I need an admin level without accounting privileges is what I really need.

Unknown Speaker  26:54
Something like that.

Matthias Miller  27:10
And we don't just know, we don't really bite the bullet and stop relying on users admin for various permissions and break those out into specific permissions.

Speaker 2  27:22
I don't exactly know what you what you implied there. But it sounds awfully interesting. Because, frankly, this is the permissions thing. I wish I wish every single one of those was not great. I could just uncheck a bunch of stuff and like leave some stuff checked. And I know that's probably a nightmare for you guys. But

Unknown Speaker  27:43
you? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  27:47
Let me let me.

Matthias Miller  27:57
Let me share my screen over here.

Speaker 2  28:05
You understand what I'm trying to do? Right? Yeah. Because eventually, there's going to be information in there. I need people who are administrators on the normal side, but then there's gonna be stuff over there and accounting, which I just don't ever want them to see. Like, there's no need for them.

Matthias Miller  28:26
So I guess one of the questions is, what exactly are the permissions? Okay, that one has as a separate permission. The tax jar do they need to see texture?

Speaker 2  28:39
Defined seeing tax jar is that on the sales order record yet? Are you looking at the SFTS? Yes, they do.

Matthias Miller  28:47
So so that one could be broken out into a separate permission can view tax jar information. And then there's this hauler or admin for email.

Unknown Speaker  29:00
If you I mean, admins can view all haulers stuff,

Matthias Miller  29:06
I guess something like that. I'm not sure exactly what

Speaker 2  29:10
oh, is this? Oh, wait a second. Does this does this? Is that for the impersonation stuff?

Matthias Miller  29:17
Yeah, maybe? I think it probably is. Gotcha. Would they need to impersonate Yes. So why would we add a permission to can impersonate

Speaker 2  29:32
well, okay, so let me Does this make it any easier? I need an administrator account with no with no accounting? No.

Matthias Miller  29:42
I mean, like, why would you do you actually want these guys to be able to to set up and modify other users?

Speaker 2  29:48
Do I want them to set up it? Administrator No.

Matthias Miller  29:54
So what I'm saying is if we would just create other permissions for some of these things that they should have access to Whatever it is then it solves the problem although I guess it's the whiskey time that's the issue anyway

Speaker 2  30:09
i don't know i don't i know i know this whole permissions things a little bit

Unknown Speaker  30:18
frustrating

Speaker 2  30:33
I'll just ask it this way I'm open to ideas on how you want to handle or how to solve this it

Matthias Miller  31:00
I'm kind of confused as to why we're not seeing

Unknown Speaker  31:20
let's see

Unknown Speaker  31:49
Oh many other quick ones

Speaker 2  32:39
lot building pictures R G and integrating into dealer reports into into lot building reports on dealer portals the last time I think we talked about this you said that somebody was making a macro for something I don't know

Speaker 2  33:01
I was sorry we used were you asking anything more on permissions?

Matthias Miller  33:05
No I mean there it was just asking other good ones to knock out I mean is it this report?

Unknown Speaker  33:12
Yeah

Speaker 2  33:16
right now we have transit photos and I think we really need to move to tying in the

Speaker 2  33:26
tying in like leaving transit photos there but also tying in the other column for the building the RG on the on the building record

Matthias Miller  33:41
mean seems to me like diagram billing transits memo

Speaker 2  33:49
but it had some I think you were gonna it was had something to do with a way to upload or tie in the upload link to it and they were I don't remember I'm I'm drawing a blank as to what exactly was supposed to be done I know that you had said something but I thought you said Nick was creating a macro for this but maybe I'm wrong. What's the

Speaker 2  34:16
hit that hit the drop down go back to the Ask prompts on this I think if you're using if you're using the same one then the there's a ask prompt. Yeah show detail link. There you go. Now you can get to the building. Got it.

Matthias Miller  34:33
This is called

Unknown Speaker  34:34
you go down to photo attachments

Matthias Miller  34:36
devoted attachments. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  34:43
Oops

Unknown Speaker  35:18
You got an extra letter in there I know you didn't know much

Speaker 1  35:39
My name isn't really name I don't think it's name attachment name attachment Euro

Unknown Speaker  35:59
you

Matthias Miller  36:31
you have anything with you haven't done anybody

Speaker 2  36:34
have anything I don't have any with ones in there whoa what scroll back we'll go squirt out what is the what is that one?

Unknown Speaker  36:43
What in the world do we have photos on

Unknown Speaker  36:54
our budget this is one of those that oh my goodness it's

Unknown Speaker  37:08
somebody got carried away

Speaker 2  37:10
well I think this was one of those situations before probably when when a hauler thought he wasn't uploading something and he was uploading something and he is uploading and uploading and uploading and uploading and uploading and uploading

Matthias Miller  37:22
it'd be nice to do a hash of your times 50 Here's another one as you could as clean as a Okay, well Merry Christmas Merry Christmas

Speaker 2  37:39
Wait wait wait hold on. We were going to you were going to have a way for the dealer to access the ability to touch on themselves

Unknown Speaker  37:50
okay, just to add Yeah. So the dealer can do their own adding

Unknown Speaker  38:27
think

Speaker 2  38:28
you had said something you had said something about the ability to use new upload and also the ability to delete one I thought you'd said something like maybe maybe the Delete thing was I don't remember anyway

Unknown Speaker  38:55
Well well well well.

Unknown Speaker  39:36
Wait Don't Stop stop hating

Unknown Speaker  40:47
You will be broke

Unknown Speaker  41:08
let's do this this will really confuse people

Unknown Speaker  41:19
well that didn't work so well

Unknown Speaker  41:37
why are you not

Speaker 2  41:42
I have noticed this this attachment thing feels a little bit grumpy about where it gets its files from

Unknown Speaker  42:09
what's in the assist whiskey whiskey well

Matthias Miller  42:17
let's try it on billing itself which I don't know why this would be any different but you know

Unknown Speaker  42:29
So bottom line

Matthias Miller  42:32
looks to me like I've done my part I'm going to do visibility to false here

Unknown Speaker  42:43
do I

Matthias Miller  42:46
and I have no idea why I don't have access to find out why you're gonna have to get with Josh as far as why this isn't working

Unknown Speaker  42:57
seems to me that

Speaker 2  43:00
hold on a second let me go to let me drag in a file for some reason if like for on on Windows side I have to drag the file in from an actual folder it for it to upload something i

Unknown Speaker  43:15
don't I don't know why.

Unknown Speaker  44:14
Huh

Speaker 2  44:15
error uploading internal server Yeah, so I'm getting funky nation to

Unknown Speaker  44:22
Alright, well I gotta get with Josh apparently. Um Okay, stop man, man stuff. All right. What's next? So

Speaker 2  44:43
the email and SMS thing I was just this is just a reminder if you haven't gotten with Daniel where we're going with that, I don't know that we necessarily talked about it.

Unknown Speaker  44:52
Yeah, I have not.

Speaker 2  44:57
Oh, and the Um sensory item no update on the sales order document that was that was a nick project at I haven't seen anything on it yet I don't know if he did it or not did it it's your 123456 bullet point

Unknown Speaker  45:16
yeah

Unknown Speaker  45:28
yeah that that one usually append memos

Unknown Speaker  45:33
conditionally append memos

Speaker 2  46:10
okay procedural accounts receivable report okay go to go to User folders accounts receivable This is the one I sent to you that you said looks like it's working for you it looks like working just fine. Which you're correct to a degree procedure accounts receivable pick a district of I don't care pick one Okay, so what I really want is that the grand total per individual and then the grand grand total if that's even the right word at the very very bottom those do not work because of the way I'm doing this

Matthias Miller  46:51
the minutes total are the total including time

Speaker 2  46:55
so Hartville out okay, go back to go back to your your ass prom it just put in Hartville Outdoor Products Okay, so we can look at just one person Okay, so like per per each of the like each one of those sections like the built and the not built I would like to have a grand total on the balances and a grand total on the totals etc etc I'm suppressing grand totals because well That ain't right

Unknown Speaker  47:57
what are the line items

Unknown Speaker  48:00
it's the payments RG coming off the sales order

Unknown Speaker  48:15
well we could do it like this

Matthias Miller  48:19
it is running on the payments orgy

Unknown Speaker  48:22
it is running on the payments RG

Matthias Miller  48:25
Okay, are you ready for some magic?

Speaker 2  48:27
Of course you always have magic this is this is this is why you are the senior level developer and I'm not

Unknown Speaker  48:46
let me just make this guy some crumbs

Matthias Miller  48:59
Oh, if it's zero, that'll fix it

Speaker 2  49:09
okay, what's the other one that that's showing zeros? What is that one?

Matthias Miller  49:14
Oh, it's just a bogus column just to

Unknown Speaker  49:17
figure out what I was doing wrong. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  49:20
does that work for bounces to

Unknown Speaker  49:26
wait, what? Okay.

Matthias Miller  49:28
It will.

Speaker 2  49:28
Of course it will explain what you just did. If current RG numb, that's okay. So

Matthias Miller  49:37
we have a column. Okay, there's a row in the report for every RG row. Right? Right. And so if you put in just so balancing you and you add it all up, well then it multiplies it balance times number of payments. Can does wrong. We just change the expression to say, well, if we're on the first row, then In Balance equals 0000. Makes sense? Let me show this thing and you can see it.

Speaker 1  50:11
But we don't have anything with you don't have anything with multiple, maybe we do you know anything.

Speaker 2  50:18
If you're gonna, if you want to find multiples, and you're gonna have to go hit a, a grant to go hit a dealer that has, so go, go use something like new housekeep

Unknown Speaker  50:38
so if I go over here, and I

Unknown Speaker  50:51
wait, you meditate. Let's write one this guy.

Matthias Miller  51:03
So normally, previously it said 14 123 14 123. And then instead of doing a sum, it did a minimum, right? And then it was trying to do a minimum for the next one. Well, instead we say 14 123 For the first row, and every row after that is going to be zero. And then you can do a sum.

Unknown Speaker  51:24
Now it makes sense. Now

Matthias Miller  51:28
the other way you could do it is you could divide it based on well this is assuming you'd have a payment subset which you don't know if you had a payment subset. That would be another issue. Okay, what do you mean? Like if you're only including some payments and not others?

Unknown Speaker  51:50
Oops, wrong one.

Unknown Speaker  51:57
Nope. That's probably actually is it? One over 10

Matthias Miller  52:04
Let's go ugly.

Unknown Speaker  52:07
Here we go. Cool. Yeah, happy.

Speaker 2  52:12
Alright, scroll scroll to the bottom of Heath. All right. Okay. Balances should not be

Speaker 1  52:21
00. Yeah, you gotta fix that one yet.

Unknown Speaker  52:42
Go,

Unknown Speaker  52:43
see. This is why you're the magician.

Unknown Speaker  52:48
There you go. And that's kind of cool.

Speaker 2  52:50
Fantastic. Okay, now next one. Let's now that you've waved some magic see what kind of magic you can wave on this little fun little piece of machinery that I've been working on? I sent you a signal

Speaker 2  53:10
set it for I don't ginger. Anybody? It's put it put in somebody that has Yeah, there we go. Okay, it make this thing bigger.

Unknown Speaker  53:21
So one of the

Speaker 2  53:22
so one of the things I think is actually tripping up dealers is when everything's just in a long list of column, they're not paying attention to some of these leads that are like if you scroll down to the bottom of the of the center center pane, like she's not there's some there's some stuff in here that's like, okay, come on, like DEAL WITH IT person. Like I don't want to get hard on it. But like I we discussed this briefly about the idea of having, you know, kind of essentially creating like the columns for like on a pipeline. And we also discuss briefly about you know, coming up with manual statuses, etc, etc. But the platform limits your, to my knowledge, the platform limits you to three wide

Unknown Speaker  54:14
Yep. And,

Unknown Speaker  54:18
man, I wish I could do like four or five wide Well,

Speaker 2  54:26
I mean, the only the Okay, is it possible? I don't even Okay, um, I don't know if I'm asking the right question. But is it possible to do the A columns concept like this in one report where you're

Speaker 1  54:44
if you have one column

Matthias Miller  54:51
like if you put all this information into one column, well, I mean,

Speaker 2  54:57
I don't know. I'm sorry. I'm scratching my head for ways to do this. We

Matthias Miller  55:06
we can programmatically generate tables. And so we can have one column that has a table with all the information for these leads. Another column that has all the table information with the table for the next leads,

Unknown Speaker  55:17
oh, Darryl,

Matthias Miller  55:21
and et cetera, et cetera. And then you can have as many as you can now, you can't resize them.

Speaker 2  55:27
Well, I don't totally hate what I've got going on here. But there's, there's some key limitations to this. Okay, first off, click any opportunity in there, click any one of the opportunities. So if you're in the opportunity, there used to be a create communication from the opportunity record, it's gone.

Unknown Speaker  55:45
That's weird.

Speaker 2  55:49
And, and the little nice little report, the nice little list of items down at the bottom would be really nice if you could see both the list and the communication that were tied to it.

Matthias Miller  55:59
Well, so but what we need to do is we need to have a separate opportunity view. That is a multiband report just for the opportunity that has all this stuff laid out. So you have opportunity on the left, yet your your communication history, and then a new communication record on the right, that's ready to go for you.

Unknown Speaker  56:14
You're saying when you go into an opportunity?

Matthias Miller  56:17
Yeah, don't link directly into the opportunity record link into a customer's crying Yay.

Speaker 2  56:21
Oh, well, now you're cooking with gas. Okay, yeah. Okay, so then then that report could actually have the new communication record applied to it? Yes. So my little hack was I went off and created a way to generate a communication record directly from the opportunity there, as you can see my new communication button, but I don't know is there Do you have any thoughts as a better way to like, I don't like I don't like what I was doing on on the contacts and opportunities page. I don't like that one. I don't particularly like yours either. So, but I feel like we need a better way to do this.

Matthias Miller  57:03
I agree. We need a better way. Well, I'm technically supposed to be

Speaker 2  57:07
picked somebody that actually has something. Like, that was dumb. Like listing a whole stack of information like that is just dumb. I don't know why I did that. I hate it now.

Matthias Miller  57:23
Can we? This is a longer conversation. Are you available?

Unknown Speaker  57:33
Friday morning? What time?

Matthias Miller  57:36
Well, about 1130 to?

Unknown Speaker  57:39
Yep, my one. Yeah, my Friday is currently open.

Unknown Speaker  57:57
You can't

Speaker 2  57:58
you can't run. I think I asked this question before you can't run a, a whiskey window inside of a pain on the platform. Can you?

Unknown Speaker  58:13
Technically, yes.

Speaker 2  58:16
Because like part of me was like the opportunities page, like, turn it into, like some sort of whiskey land thing of like Kanban cards to you know, you can move from one thing like one pipeline list to the next etc, to I don't know.

Matthias Miller  58:41
I mean, we also have this option of of something called integrations, which is kind of like a whiskey except it's embedded straight in the platform. It's each it's like a web page within the customer page within the platform.

Speaker 2  58:57
Forced to are we forced to go out to whiskey land to make a better opportunity view? Or is there not a way we can solve this conundrum on the platform? Well, I

Matthias Miller  59:07
want to I want to spend time on Friday, because I feel like we need to

Unknown Speaker  59:13
you know what I'm chasing right?

Matthias Miller  59:18
Yeah, I mean, it's ultimately getting people up go high level and getting everything in, I'm assuming.

Speaker 2  59:24
Well, I mean, it's something like that. But it's also like I think there's stuff that's getting ignored at the bottom of lists. That is just because it's not at the top. And if we can get more things to the top, I have this feeling we can get more things to the top and faster visibility. The tendency is going to be to handle it because the top of the list.

Matthias Miller  59:50
Oh, and by the way, well, I gotta drop I gotta talk to my brother. But 70% of our leads 70% of people who fill out the type form are giving giving us their cell phone number.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:03
Okay. About how do I know that?

Matthias Miller  1:00:14
And 20 of them are text. And a bunch of them are just giving us complete crap numbers, like it's completely worthless. And so if we could show that in the

Unknown Speaker  1:00:25
start, you're gonna start phone number validating

Matthias Miller  1:00:29
already am I just need to tie it into the CRM? So we need to talk about that on Friday.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:34
You can start tracking leads based on the fact that they're giving us junk information.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:37
Yeah. Well, if we can

Speaker 2  1:00:41
tell Google like, can we say Google? Can we have a rebate on those?

Matthias Miller  1:00:47
Well, I need to talk to Jonathan Jonathan's really skittish about telling Google that these people didn't fill it out. But we could assign different values to them. So if somebody fills it out with a bad phone number, it's worth $1. If it's if they fill it out with a good phone number, it's worth $5 or something. etc, and we could train it that way. Anyway, I really got to drop. We can pick up on Friday.

Speaker 2  1:01:14
All right, Friday. It is you sent me a thing. Yep. I see the thing.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:19
All right. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai