Speaker 1  00:20
Okay, so I want to take a moment to show you a few things about the CCH tag for marketing, pics, so, there are a few new menu options here under Advanced universes and segments, and I'll send you a link to a contact report as well. So, on the universes here, this is basically a way for us to divide between clients kind of a Chinese wall between client a client B. So I'm gonna go ahead and set one up here for tripoint backyards. And then over here in segments, I'm gonna show you a few of the segments that we have. So the universe is new, we need a specified universe. And then this one is two point instruction. To expand this out, you can see it's got the unique identifier in here as well. Now, I am going to there's a special subset here for Hinton bill that says, Is this within 20 miles? And if so, is it closer to the Hampton Bill's zip code, which, which is good is it closest to within 20 miles and, and this one, because we don't just want everything within 21 miles, or 200 miles, we want everything within 200 miles, but not closer to Halifax. And then here's the validation when this is checked, then software will automatically valid validate the phones and emails now. Warning, if you check this for a very large segment, it's going to be expensive. So use of caution. Okay, so I'm gonna update these over here as well. This is also construction and I'm going to remove this extra stuff here. And just making sure that those two are right. And basically all I'm doing here is switching these over because I made it easier to define the right audience on here. Go gang and I'm waiting to hear back from them on whether these are the final audiences before I actually clean them. So this people X Guard and this would be alright. Alright. Now, one other kind of caveat for the sake of speed, we do cache these and so if you update or modify one of them and you want to go over into refresh all ch n segments, like if you modify a segment or you add a new segment up here, let me just go go through the process of adding a new one for example, two point something else here let me make the act of should be checked by following us again

Speaker 1  03:49
after the next update, that'll be default. Okay, and then you select your universe. And then there's two types of contacts at hosting contact which we're not using those are like these contacts here, or it's the code house marketing contact which is the ones that we're pulling from capital audience and I've just removed the the capitalized against branding so that we can generically represent what it is and then you just choose here what this one is.

Unknown Speaker  04:22
And you can take a look at that. So here's actually something that we could create for example a let's do this. If we plug this out, we can use this button to create a

Speaker 1  04:39
good house labs. One and then we could do a this is a school fundraiser that I was playing around with and

Speaker 1  05:10
Yeah, that's fine. Like, that'd be the fastest way to do this. That works. Alright, so find everything within 50 miles of here. And now name is such a but something else, it's a cc attractions on.

Speaker 1  05:31
Alright, so then, because we added a new one, we're going to need to run this one here that I showed you in the menu. So right here, you hit Run import. And yes, it's pretty slow, I might take a look at ways we can speed this up in the future.

Speaker 1  05:54
And it's just gonna go crank for a while. So I'm going to show you the context for just a second, I'm gonna make a few fixes to it first. Okay, when you see the screen, this is when the import is complete, and pause the recording, make some changes, but here's here's a report you can use, you can run this report based on a specific audience. So you could for example, run it on these, you could do that it will show you the audience here. And these audiences are just to be 100%. Certain.

Speaker 1  06:40
Yeah, these audiences will be it'll show you if somebody's in multiple audiences that you selected. Now, you can't actually run this on the whole universe of everything that we've gathered at this point. And clearly, please, do not be sending out this data. We've got, I don't even know how many records we're gonna give it to figure out how many records we've got imported so far. Only about 31,000. Okay, so we've got about 31,000 in here. But for the sake of what you want to do, you can do the two point backyards. And so for example, for the construction leads, here are all the construction leads and

Speaker 1  07:28
see, why are these not and we'd have to figure out why these aren't being cleaned. As a lot of construction means there are 3000 construction construction

Speaker 1  07:52
anyway, so then if you want to export it to Excel, you just hit go up here in Excel, and it's gonna download this exact same thing might take a little bit to crank. But this exact same thing in Excel. You also do have some options for grouping, which we don't really have to help them with, but age ranges, lasting group by genders, states etc. Where if you want to export the entire universe, you can just do that as well. So I'm curious to see how big their audiences are right now. As long as they keep populating and pushing over. I guess it's still just going to be 30,000 Why are there not any?

Unknown Speaker  08:51
Card upskirt. To look into this, hang on citizens group


Transcribed by https://otter.ai