Unknown Speaker  01:28
Good morning

Unknown Speaker  01:34
Mark still waiting for Good morning hey my name

Matthias Miller  01:42
so waiting for Larry and Joel here

Unknown Speaker  01:51
is it Ellis playing to be on

Unknown Speaker  01:54
he is not he's got some things he's working on for tomorrow?

Unknown Speaker  03:47
Can you hear me Matthias yep,

Matthias Miller  03:49
I can hear you Larry

Unknown Speaker  03:56
good

Matthias Miller  03:56
Gaben and mark on the line here as well.

Speaker 1  04:00
I'm not hearing you let me see what I need to do on my side

Unknown Speaker  04:19
can you hear me now? Yes I Can

Matthias Miller  04:26
Can you hear me? Are you able to hear me? Nope

Unknown Speaker  04:41
that's test 123

Matthias Miller  04:44
I can hear you. I can hear you. Okay, can you hear me now? How about now?

Unknown Speaker  04:52
Still nothing let's try this

Matthias Miller  05:00
All right, how about that? Can you hear me? Yay, we got it.

Unknown Speaker  05:04
Good

Matthias Miller  05:08
All right, we're still waiting for Joel to hop on. So he's gonna be on in just

Unknown Speaker  05:16
just a minute here

Matthias Miller  05:19
so we've got Mark and Gabe on the call here as well this morning

Matthias Miller  06:18
Okay, well we wait, you might have to fill us in on what it's like to be 40

Speaker 2  06:27
Well, it's kind of like I was I was saying this morning when you get that old, your I notice my my interests serve starting to change like my shopping habits like instead of being interested in like guns and I don't know wagyu or whatever. I was saying I've kind of noticed him starting to get more interested in things like dentures and wheelchairs and pillboxes and hospital beds and clay they're better. But now it's really well, you're how old are you?

Unknown Speaker  07:25
I'm 36

Speaker 2  07:31
It's really not that much difference. all

Matthias Miller  07:36
I got for four years until I'm starting to think about dentures. I'm gonna enjoy them. Well, I got a great, my, my grandpa had a saying he would say, I never know quite if this is appropriate to share being you know, I'm still 36. But he would often say, Yeah, you know, if you would wake up one morning, and you would have gotten old overnight, like first thing on your list that morning would be to go to the doctor and figure out what happened.

Unknown Speaker  08:05
So it's a

Matthias Miller  08:08
reality of really life changing interest anyway, you're not all gay. Joe's here, welcome,

Speaker 3  08:16
Joel. Joel's here with apologies. I had 930 on my calendar and 10 o'clock in my mind. So my apologies for the the wasting of your time. You're

Matthias Miller  08:34
glad you're here. All right. So for context of conversation, I think I might give a little bit of a review and Mark, you can maybe weigh in a little bit. We're looking at at doing cash flow reporting, and just want to make sure that we know, you know, we're clear on what what kind of reporting is useful from just from a managerial accounting or just from the actual use case what what what do we want? What do we what do we want on that for a management standpoint, and then making sure that Joe and I have what we need, we've got our minds wrapped around it from whatever, whatever that we need from you, Larry, as far as your insight to make sure that we can take and run with it. Mark, I'm sure you've got more color that that would be helpful to add. Do you have anything? Anything to add?

Speaker 4  09:38
I mean, Joel, I expect you've you've uh, to wrap your mind around, you know, what a typical Cash Flow Report looks like does how it functions. And then I was talking to learn our talking about cash flow report some time ago and Talk about you said you're planning to build out. And I had some, obviously, lots of experience as flow reports, what's helpful? What's critical? And so, but it would be helpful to have this conversation before you start building out that part of the

Unknown Speaker  10:36
Yeah, I think that's, that's really all I have to add.

Unknown Speaker  10:43
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  10:48
Well, really, from my perspective,

Unknown Speaker  10:52
it's

Speaker 3  10:55
looking at the documents sent over from the copy of Larry's writing, etc. I mean, it, it looks like a fairly standard approach to cash flows. Like we simply like, basically, if we if each account has one role in the cash flow statement, I mean, they're obvious lag aggregated into categories. But if each account has one role, and we mark those roles within the system, then that I don't think it should be that difficult to to produce a standard cash flow statement. Does that sound right to you, Larry?

Speaker 1  11:49
Yeah, I mean, the cash flow statement, other than the net income, everything else is just a comparison of a balance sheet from two different timeframes a beginning and an ending timeframe. And so to whatever level of complexity, you build, beginning and ending dates, you know, the profits from those beginning and for that timeframe, becomes the starting number. And the beginning and ending difference in the balance sheet becomes all the other numbers. And that should equal the cash difference, typically, at the bottom of the report, basically saying you start with profit, and you end with the difference in cash, so that the report serves as a reconciliation between profit and cash flow. So when you look at it, you understand Oh, yeah, our inventory went up $5 million. Therefore, it took $5 million of greenbacks to do that, that other da, you know, or whatever the number may be?

Unknown Speaker  12:52
Probably Joel,

Speaker 1  12:56
from a mathematical, how do you do it? Probably the toughest thing that I have found is, let's say you wanted to do a cash flow statement from November 1, the February 28. Two months that I'm old, year to month in the new year, you're rolling, you're rolling new beginning balances in you have part of one year part of the next, that becomes a really big challenge. I'll be perfectly honest, that Provia we just didn't build it in could, yes. But you understand where I'm going because of what happens with net income at the end of the roll year, rolling into equity. So you'd have to be able to recreate two months worth of that, and roll back in. So as long as you I'll say, perpetually keep your history on a month by month basis, you probably can reverse create that. But maybe the question becomes more. Does anybody care about running across a year end? And if you're looking to make this a scalable tool, into your financial suite of things beyond just what is needed today for, you know, the people on this call, you might want to consider that

Unknown Speaker  14:30
that actually connects with the

Speaker 3  14:35
with an issue that that we've actually just recently implemented, where we specifically identify closing transactions

Unknown Speaker  14:48
and

Speaker 3  14:51
maintain the ability to basically ignore those transactions. Yeah, in some contexts, I'm

Unknown Speaker  15:01
where I think

Speaker 3  15:03
that could give us the ability to say, Okay, here's our net income over this boundary, ignoring this boundary.

Unknown Speaker  15:11
And

Speaker 1  15:13
as long as you're also dealing with that change in equity position correctly on the cash flow statement, yes,

Speaker 3  15:24
sure. That's, that's worth thinking through.

Speaker 1  15:29
So, you know, if those posts down into, I'll call it a independent retained earnings account. Meaning, that is not the same account that you would then use to, to pay distributions out of, that's where it gets a little tricky, because you do need, you do need distributions to shareholders to show up on the cash flow statement. And if you loan those and retained earnings together, but maybe you're not looking at it from tracking as much as you are just ignoring a certain turn a certain closing transaction.

Speaker 3  16:11
So what I had in mind in that case, is saying, you know, at year end, temporary accounts, you know, get closed out to two main retained earnings, but Okay, so.

Unknown Speaker  16:29
Right,

Speaker 3  16:30
so shareholder distributions would be closed out as well. But we Yeah, but we want those reflected in, in the cash flow. And okay, that's, that's very interesting.

Speaker 1  16:47
Well, you have to because it's, it's drawing cash at that moment in time. Oh, absolutely.

Unknown Speaker  16:52
Yeah. So excellent.

Speaker 3  17:00
It's very doable. But it may require going a bit beyond the simplistic. Ignore closing transactions.

Speaker 1  17:13
As long, I think everything's straightforward, except for that element, quite frankly. Yep. As long as you understand what is investing activities, what is financing, and you probably don't necessarily care, you just need to build a tool. And that allows every balance sheet account to be identified where it tracks here, so that it properly flows in

Unknown Speaker  17:36
precisely. And it will

Speaker 1  17:41
only apply to balance sheet accounts. Unless you want to just identify all the rest and say they flow into net income, which, in essence, that's what's happening. Sure,

Speaker 3  17:54
but essentially, by by the fact that they are revenue or expense or whatever. That's

Unknown Speaker  17:59
right. Right. Yeah. Excellent.

Speaker 1  18:09
I don't know if you will get into this, there was a FASB change here a year or so ago. And what is this what is required on balance sheets as it relates to leases, even like track leases, and operational leases, if you intend to buy the assets at the end, so you may just want to at least think about there will be accounts like they call them right of use assets, and lease liabilities, they will usually zero out on a balance sheet or come close to it depending on the timing or whatever they are. I'm gonna call them financially disclosed requirements. But they typically do not cash flow the same way as other balance sheet things do because you're expensing the difference through your p&l. So you may need the ability. I don't know do you say the ability to just ignore certain accounts? From a cash flow standpoint, even though in the case of an audit, if somebody is required to comply with the FASB regs that have changed, it will show up on their audited financial statement and they don't may want to duplicate that on their cash flow. Kind of a long winded way of saying but it kind of creates a new wrinkle.

Unknown Speaker  19:51
Okay, so

Speaker 1  19:56
and I don't know that you have any of those with you know, today but the You're with but it's something like if you're thinking to model this thing long term for any situation. I mean, what they want to do is they want the are the right of use assets and lease liabilities to be reflected in, like current ratios for analysis purposes. However, usually not the way they're booked inside of a business, unless they truly are a capital lease, you know, instead of operational reasons.

Unknown Speaker  20:32
You're sure.

Speaker 1  20:34
I'll give you an example. Let's say you enter into a building, lease contract on a building, and you have a a one year exit clause, meaning that you must give one year notice, for there in that case, and what's this breezy math, say it's $1,000 per month, then you would need to reflect $1,000 times 12 For right of use assets and 1000 times 12 For Lease liabilities on the balance sheet, even though it has no monetary change.

Speaker 5  21:14
So your well, is right, so your

Speaker 3  21:26
so in that case, though, if you dealt with those simple assets and

Unknown Speaker  21:33
and liabilities, the

Unknown Speaker  21:37
am I right in thinking?

Unknown Speaker  21:40
As long as you're sure.

Speaker 1  21:42
The issue would be if somebody is, depending on what the terms of their lease are, it may not be an exact watch.

Speaker 3  21:55
Right, so your balance sheet grows or shrinks, but with no cash effect. Or your Yeah, you're not equity portion. Ish. That's

Speaker 1  22:10
that's fine. Yes. And it's something new. I mean, it's it's also something that you maybe don't want to mess with on day one. I just, you know what I'm saying? I throw Sure sure. Because I had to deal with it.

Unknown Speaker  22:27
Yeah. Interesting. Excellent.

Unknown Speaker  22:38
Well, that might be

Unknown Speaker  22:47
Yeah, I'm

Speaker 3  22:48
guessing that may be something we we need to implement a process for as we encounter it. I, I think there's a pretty decent chance that would fit into existing processes, but

Unknown Speaker  23:05
but I have not thought through.

Speaker 1  23:06
Yeah, it might be as simple as an additional code, or a type of account or something. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  23:13
Sure. That sounds right.

Unknown Speaker  23:21
Excellent.

Speaker 1  23:24
Do you I don't know what you were looking at. Do you have a copy of like, previous? I took the previous one and just put some garbage numbers in here. And gave it the mark? I don't know. Just this morning. Is that something you would want or not? Or

Unknown Speaker  23:43
roll with? That? I don't?

Speaker 3  23:47
Sure. Um, how does it How does it vary from? Or are there substantial differences from the sample that you had included in the the stuff you wrote up for Anabaptist

Speaker 1  24:03
that I don't recall how old that was.

Speaker 3  24:10
That I am not sure of actually.

Unknown Speaker  24:14
I think Mark

Unknown Speaker  24:18
had been consulting that am I right.

Speaker 4  24:23
Laura, I know it's whatever you had in in as a county.

Speaker 1  24:28
Okay, that's been I mean, some of this stuff wouldn't I would hope it's similar but let me just let me just do this. If I can open a window here. To all Do I have your email.

Speaker 3  24:44
I'm not sure but I can easily you like that to you. Should I drop it in chat? Or

Speaker 1  24:56
it's easy to do that? Just Just what is this?

Speaker 3  25:00
Okay, so it's J Oh, you can see my name on screen. It's Joel dot e Washa. Gay. Yeah, at Code crafters, i n t l.com.

Unknown Speaker  25:19
All right, and to.com

Unknown Speaker  25:25
J Bo is a stage

Speaker 5  26:00
I didn't put a heading on it, but your mind is brilliant.

Speaker 1  26:08
This should follow the same general format. This is just because we have multiple entities on Bureau parent and some of those things. It's just, you know, showing how multiple entities have different timeframes and things. Yeah, another thing on the cash flow. Typically, people will do a budget of p&l, but not necessarily cash flow. But if you would want to build that cash flow planning into into this would mean budgeting of movement of every line here. And I don't know if you're thinking long term doing that or not.

Speaker 3  26:52
Sure. Okay. So and is the you in this case, address to code crafters, general accounting, or to

Speaker 5  27:03
to code craft and cyclical accounting? Gotcha. I mean,

Speaker 1  27:11
I generally do not necessarily advise me or I use a different tool. I generally simplify taking a p&l budget, and then simply start from there and make adjustments to get the cash, but not necessarily try to tie it out budgetarily wise to then reflect that month by month or quarter by quarter. Typically, it's more of a planning tool than a comparison tool from the cash flow standpoint, not saying it can't be done. It's just it's numbers and making sure they align.

Unknown Speaker  27:46
Yeah. Sure, that makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  27:54
And Mark, is there. for your purposes, do you anticipate a a need for this in the near future? Or?

Unknown Speaker  28:11
Not? Not initially, I mean, potential?

Unknown Speaker  28:15
Sure. Their sense,

Unknown Speaker  28:17
but not not?

Speaker 3  28:21
Sure. But yeah, this is a helpful note for something that we may need at some point. Thanks, Larry.

Unknown Speaker  28:42
So where else should we go?

Unknown Speaker  28:55
Think

Matthias Miller  28:56
I think the big question here is Joe, from your perspective. Do you have what you need to take this and run with it? I think this part of it, you're going to be predominantly, I'm kind of leaning on you in this part the

Unknown Speaker  29:13
the design side of things.

Speaker 3  29:15
Okay. So when we say this, we're talking specifically about the ability to produce a standard cash flow statement. Basically, well, and using the indirect method, basically, in the analogous to this previous statement, that blurry sound

Unknown Speaker  29:46
is that

Speaker 3  29:47
basically, what the functionality that we're looking for at this point,

Unknown Speaker  29:54
Mark, just to confirm we're on the same page, which you're

Unknown Speaker  30:00
Oh, yes, that is great.

Speaker 3  30:03
Brilliant. Yes. I think I have what I need. And it doesn't seem like it should be. I think it's basically adding a adding a marker to, to each account for each balance sheet account, and then creating a report that uses them.

Unknown Speaker  30:32
So a few questions.

Speaker 4  30:33
This is, or one question is, I heard you say that the way you built your system, you cannot do Cash Flow Report, like over a year and really like November to March or whatever? Would it? I mean, is that something that if you, if you did have it, would it be helpful for you, I'm thinking our industry, more of a seasonal industry, and Ember to February is our slowest period.

Speaker 1  31:13
Yeah, we're used to working with what we have. And I would put it this way mark, this is the way we build it. And again, remember that we don't even have a financial system built into our ERP. Other than we have like a journal tracking standpoint, and this is just dumps of data into a spreadsheet. And basically, once you do it one time, everything's in place. So I just simply did not build the functionality into go across the year, because it requires considerably more. More data is probably the best way of putting it. This allows me to always run it within a current year, I never have to worry about closing closing entries. Could I do it? Yes. We've not found enough value for in our organization that it's been worth my time to think about building

Speaker 4  32:16
but it will it might correct. You're planning to do build so that it can be done over over a year end or a closing period?

Unknown Speaker  32:30
I think we can do that.

Unknown Speaker  32:37
I mean, when I'm trying to to

Unknown Speaker  32:39
shareholder flows. Oops sorry, I forgot. Is it okay, can you all hear me at the moment?

Unknown Speaker  32:54
Yeah, I can hear you.

Unknown Speaker  32:57
I can hear you Joe. Although although

Unknown Speaker  33:04
Can you hear me at the moment? Yes, I can. Okay.

Speaker 3  33:09
Oh, but I cannot yet hear you. I think a connection got disturbed here. Okay, so while I'm trying to figure out the sound if you can hear me then I do think we can we can cross period boundaries. I'm really grateful for Larry's pointing out that shareholder flows are are significant. And so that'll take a little thought and handling

Unknown Speaker  33:52
I would suggest building it

Speaker 3  33:53
in sorry, I still cannot hear you that I'm hopeful that I that will

Unknown Speaker  34:00
be resolved shortly. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  34:07
Can you hear me now? Test test. That's just

Unknown Speaker  34:21
back,

Speaker 1  34:22
okay. Yeah, what I was gonna say Joel is, I think if I was in your shoes, and I was building it into code, rather than dumping data, I think I would tackle it and try to build it in so that no matter what the timeframes are, it would work because in theory, it is mathematically possible. You just have to think of every unique nuance on some of those closing.

Speaker 5  34:51
Things that will be unique. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  34:55
that makes sense.

Speaker 4  35:01
The second question I had was, how do you tie balance sheet to cash flow statement. I mean, it's, it looks pretty obvious, you know, obviously the accounts payable line reference accounts payable on the balance sheet, but is that

Unknown Speaker  35:17
our those,

Speaker 4  35:20
those accounts going to be connected to the correct balance on the balance sheet is that

Speaker 1  35:28
what you're basically doing mark is, let's just say you had a January one balance sheet, and you had a July one balance sheet, you're comparing the balance on every account on that balance sheet, and it is reflected in the somewhere, because every movement of everything in the balance sheet has an effect on cash. If that makes sense. Exceptions are like depreciation and amortization, which are called out because they're non cash expenses, but inventory, AR AP, everything you book is a is a cash requirement, principle payments, what you know, prepaids or using of them accruals, all of those things will reflect somewhere on this. And what you typically do is you consolidate, so you let's say you've got all the same 10 different loans, you would roll up all of those loans to get one line item, that would be like a change in notes payable or something.

Unknown Speaker  36:40
Because that's part of financing. But But where do you

Speaker 4  36:47
like? Let's say purchase of property equipment? Where do you that happen on the cash flow statement where you say the line that says purchase of property equipment looks at at property and equipment on the balance sheet? Or how do you link the two accounts to demand? I believe now let's do how do you

Speaker 1  37:16
look at your fixed assets. Basically, your fixed assets excluding accumulated depreciation, so you take your fixed assets at July 1 minus your fixed assets on January 1, and the difference there reflects the purchases that you made during that timeframe. And those are requirements require cash, and therefore they are reflected here. If perchance they were financed, then you would basically reflect the difference between the fixed assets in the purchase of property and equipment. And you would also have a change in notes payable under the financing activities, which flows from the liability section of the Balance Sheet.

Speaker 4  38:05
But, but what I'm what I'm trying to understand is, is how do we determine what links to what like on the cash flow statement, we show purchase a property and equipment? Where do we tell that to use the fixed assets? The balance sheet, I

Speaker 1  38:23
think that's where Joel was talking about a marker to put in his data set along with the accounts somewhere and then this programming of this tool would look at those markers and put them in the right position.

Speaker 3  38:40
Right. So basically, on your if you have one account for property, plant and equipment to simplify, then you would say that account record would have a place to say, okay, when this changes, the change on the cash flow should be reflected on the cash flow sheet in this line essentially.

Speaker 4  39:18
Would that mean if we make it if we add in a new account to the balance sheet, then we would have to then we would have to add that marker as the correct marker as well.

Unknown Speaker  39:35
That's correct.

Speaker 4  39:39
So if you'd if you'd add or change, if you'd add when you go to set up your Chart of Accounts, the balance sheet then you would be required to like that marker. Is that how you're thinking? That would work?

Speaker 3  39:55
Yes, and I mean, you know, it may be possible that we can It

Unknown Speaker  40:02
could

Speaker 3  40:05
bridge and say, Well, maybe you don't have to enter it. And we show some line with a big red warning on the cash flow, the automatically created cash flow statement that says, you don't have everything tagged. And so this isn't, right categorized,

Speaker 1  40:23
a big array that says stuff that isn't recorded is here, but we're still in balance. Yeah. I guess the other alternative, Joe, and I don't know how you're setting this up, you know, would it be easier from a user standpoint, if they could simply say, Hey, this is a fixed asset, and therefore, I, when I set up a new account, I recognize it as a fixed asset. And then in the background, you say, Oh, I know what to do with fixed assets, or whatever I mean, they're right. This is a loan number, I know what to do. You know, there's ways to do some of that. But it's still going to be subject to human error. Let's, let's say for instance, of Mark, let's say you set up a new account, because you're buying equipment for XYZ building and you want a separate GL for that. If you were to set up that account, and you were to call it a prepaid expense, rather than property, this would still tie out perfectly, it's just going to be on the wrong wine.

Unknown Speaker  41:34
Hmm.

Speaker 3  41:45
So I guess one question would be

Unknown Speaker  41:51
for

Speaker 3  41:55
for your purposes, Mark. Well, and obviously with your input, Larry, would it be preferable to have a more granular? Okay, this is the specific kind of balance sheet account, and then aggregate, you know, various subcategories of PPE into into one line on the cash flow statement, or would it be preferable to, to say, you know, this corresponds to this slide on the cash flow statement.

Speaker 1  42:41
I personally prefer the granular where I get to make those choices, but that doesn't necessarily mean it's user friendly if you don't understand what's happening.

Unknown Speaker  42:53
True. True.

Speaker 3  42:56
The professional accountant versus the business person who's trying to use the system.

Unknown Speaker  43:06
I've seen Mesozoic folks Yes.

Speaker 4  43:11
So, Laura, what you're saying is, is use the example of say inventory. So your preference would be to when you set up so on the balance sheet will likely have inventories and then now break down into subcategories of finished goods, raw materials, different items, your your preference would be to set like to test you on the cash flow statement like on the subcategories, like the finished goods, the raw materials rather than on the master category, the master the inventories themselves, so you could

Speaker 1  43:57
Yeah, I would like to set it personally, I would want to set it up by by general ledger account. And I don't know what Joel is doing here. But some people don't necessarily treat those what I'm going to call parents as actual accounts. They're nothing more than headings to use in reports. So so I don't know what flexibilities putting in for rolling up and combining type of things. But from the ability to actually save, where do you want this to map? I would like it on an individual account level basis. And from a, I guess, Mark, I always go back to the core trial balance. A core Trial Balance only lists the accounts you can actually use and does not list any I'm going to call them heading type accounts. Or if it does, it's kind of off to the side so they're easy to identify. But so every account that could have something posted to it I would like the ability to save or do you want to hit here. So you can now have multiple inventory accounts. And they'll just roll together on here. You can have multiple prepaids, they'll roll together multiple, whatever, and they'll roll together. Now what this, what this report will not tell you then is okay, so we can see inventory went up. But we can't see at which location, or which type of account unless you're going to have a lot of drill down capability built into here, which again, is possible. The question is just what is practical and useful?

Speaker 3  45:38
And to answer one of your questions, Larry, in our system, then basically any, any account with sub accounts, cannot have any transactions directly on the parent account.

Speaker 1  45:58
That would be my suggestion. QuickBooks allows it and it can be ugly.

Unknown Speaker  46:05
So the parent does not.

Unknown Speaker  46:07
It's just another account, though. Well,

Speaker 4  46:14
I'll because then you get confused. When you some, some transactions are posted directly to the parent account. Others, the remainder is just rolled up. Yep.

Speaker 1  46:23
And then underneath it, it has the sub accounts. And then at the bottom, it has the parent listed with the word other.

Unknown Speaker  46:37
I think Joel can do better than that. So

Speaker 4  46:43
the drill down report, Larry, like your example of inventory, would you do you use that? Or is there a useful for that if it were built in?

Speaker 1  46:51
We don't use it because we have other tools for inventory control that allow our people to drill down by facility by product classifications. You know, we've got other tools. So we don't necessarily use this tool. As a inventory management tool. This is more of a high level corporate understanding of where did the cash go? Because again, it's historic in nature. So we, we don't use it as you know, I think accounts receivable if it's up or if it's down, we don't necessarily use this tool to figure out who because we have other tools that are like, okay, who's past due? And what's happening and why are we out and what's old and what's not.

Speaker 4  47:43
And you just didn't fill it in? Or you believe that? Okay, if you could start over today, you would you still wouldn't fill it in? You'd use other tools just because it's much more.

Speaker 1  47:56
Yeah, I was double. I would because first of all, keep in mind also that our purchasing people, our accounts receivable will credit people payable people, they need those tools to manage well, and they don't see the financial statement.

Unknown Speaker  48:18
That makes sense.

Speaker 3  48:23
So this is mildly tangential, but I think related. Do it's sort of late in the game to ask. But do you have a mark? Do you have a chart of accounts that you are looking at existing chart of accounts that you'd like to bring over? Or are you looking at starting from from zero essentially and in this system?

Speaker 4  49:01
Yeah, the plan is to start from zero in this system. Okay.

Speaker 1  49:06
Whoa, can I pause on that? Just a little bit. Okay. I don't again, I not contradicting mark here necessarily. But would you have the ability to easily integrate a historic field for the previous year or I don't know, previous 12 months for it is nothing more than a dump of the current data so that you can do historic and year to date at least on the high level, knowing that you can't do it drill down. Um,

Speaker 3  49:41
I would say if we have well and Matthias you have more experience with the complexities of dealing with historical data

Unknown Speaker  49:55
but

Unknown Speaker  50:00
Given clean data, we we can certainly import data.

Speaker 1  50:11
Historically, I'm thinking only General Ledger level data, not detailed data does that make Ah, so we're you're basically dumping in a, I'll say, a trial balance for January, one of the prior year, and then any activity in February, because every month will still balance for its Trial Balance activity. So now you can run a month to month, year to date, and you simply have 12 historic buckets, you'd have no detail. But at least you can say, well, how does our financial statement bottom line profit compared to the prior year? I mean, I wouldn't spend a buku bunch of time, but I, and I'm not the programmer, but I would think that should be doable, maybe?

Speaker 3  51:01
Yeah, yeah. And if we aren't dealing with 1000s of transactions, then I think that greatly simplifies it. Now, if we are dealing with a completely different chart of accounts,

Unknown Speaker  51:17
then

Speaker 1  51:19
well, if it's a completely different chart of accounts, you would have to have a one to one mapping. Yeah, exactly. Saying this is old, this is new, the structure may even be different, I have no idea. I think you should develop a new structure working with Mark that, that has all the right segments for whatever you want to differentiate between, I'm gonna say facilities and departments and subcategories, I don't know what all you're building into your chart of accounts. But if you want any of that kind of integrity, built into your report ability, or maybe that's totally separate, then you would have to make sure that your history has is clean on that regard. So it's a map, it's mappable, from, you know, this is the old, this is the new and this is the month.

Unknown Speaker  52:10
Right? Right.

Unknown Speaker  52:12
So that's interesting. Um, so at this point,

Speaker 3  52:21
who owns

Unknown Speaker  52:26
the, the

Speaker 3  52:29
creation of that, of that chart?

Speaker 1  52:35
Well, let me ask I have, I have no idea what your background data or how, if you want to run a p&l on a, if you only want to pull up transactions for a specific location, or a specific department, I, maybe you've got other tools in place to do that, I don't know, I can tell you that Provia, we have built, we have consolidated that functionality in our with our GL. So we have a two digit facility code, we have a two digit department code, we have a four digit what I'm going to call primary GL number, and then we have a two digit subcategory. And so what that allows me to very easily and quickly do is, you know, any transaction coming from any location automatically knows, because of the rules that are built in which location it's at. And so it picks up, you know, if I say sales is 4000, and it knows it is coming from facility, one, you know, it's Oh, one, and then department would be sales in this case. And so it'd be in my case, it'd be, oh, 104 4000 00, maybe, you know, and then I have the ability to turn GL numbers on and off by facility, whether or not they're used, they're even displayed, but it's nothing more than how are you managing the rules in the background? You know, so? Sure, my chart of accounts in theory is 1000 lines long, but it's not that complex. It's just because each segment has a specific set of options. We've only got so many buildings we've only got and then each each location, we have rules in place that say like for instance, location, one through six is one legal entity, and therefore it must always tie out on every transaction must balance between those 610 You know, seven D, for instance. Or if you look at our if you look at our probio logistics work like Provia LLC For instance, has a trial balance, even though there's multiple locations. And so for every trial balance or for every balance sheet, you can now create a cash flow statement. So it's all dependent on how you're building some of those rules. And if you're going to embed them into the chart, or creation of the chart of accounts, or do you have some other way of steering that data?

Unknown Speaker  55:26
Does that make sense?

Speaker 3  55:32
Well, and right now, I mean, to date, the separate entities that we've built in the system are actually an independent chart of accounts on each entity. I mean, with syncing, connections between those are easy to form. But

Unknown Speaker  56:00
so

Speaker 1  56:01
I'm just telling you how ours is set up? Yeah, it's just data and there's various ways to accomplish the same end goal.

Speaker 3  56:09
Right, right. I think the the main question that that well, my realization in this conversation is

Unknown Speaker  56:29
that

Speaker 3  56:32
my assumptions had been or my understanding had been more that we are building a container for existing data, existing accounting data and

Unknown Speaker  56:49
build the right ad know how to make it work. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  57:07
So

Speaker 3  57:18
So Matthias, or Mark, do you have thoughts on who has ownership on driving forward in? Or maybe this is completely irrelevant to this particular conversation? It sounds I mean, the chart of accounts is fairly fundamental to in accounting system. And, somehow or other, we need a process of defining what is it that we are going to do and who owns that process?

Speaker 1  58:11
Dual, you know, thinking about development of chart of accounts, which is a little bit of drift from our cash flow. But, you know, I'll tell you some of the other things that we have built in that as flags in our chart of accounts that you may or may not want to consider. For instance, we we, first of all, we can turn them on and off by location, we can also flag them, if they are accounts that generally would require 1090 nines. Okay, we we can flag them whether or not we require a purchase order for this type of account to be used, we can flag them that this needs, this is a taxable account. And if there's no sales tax on the invoice when it comes in, we need to make sure it's just like a warning that goes up and says do you need to deal with US tax? You know, those are all they're just little nuances that are yes, no switches, as driven by Where are you posting this so that it's easier for the end user, you know, or if we can tell, we can do turn project tracking on for instance, in our engineering department. They want everything that hits their track to a project so so we have a force project tracking tied to the GL fields that are used by engineering. So you know, it's I hear what you're saying. It's pretty basic and simple. But you can you can tie a lot of things to it that will make life easy down the road, or easy. Yes. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  59:56
This is gold

Speaker 4  1:00:02
So I'm going to have to unfortunate I'm going to have to drop here at 1130. But your question on who? Well, it sounds to me like what Laura was saying it, it comes down to creating a chart of accounts that can be distantly used by the end user entering the transactions, and correct me if I'm wrong, Larry, but it feels to me like we need to get that system nailed down. And we're working on that. We hoped that hope to look at that with Larry tomorrow morning when we need and get that to where

Unknown Speaker  1:00:49
it our thoughts on paper, and how we think it should work for best results for our industry, and then share that information with you. And

Unknown Speaker  1:01:07
we're, we're

Speaker 4  1:01:09
right now we're basically following what Larry just said, is, is arguments the primary and then a sub code. And

Unknown Speaker  1:01:19
then once we have that, hopefully in the next week or so regroup with you and see if that that you can build for that. Does that sound reasonable to y'all and Larry?

Speaker 1  1:01:38
Yeah, I would say in a way, I would like Joel to own it. But Joel need to understand. Do you want departmental level? reportability? Do you want facility reliable, portable reportability? And then I guess I would say it's up to him how he wants to build them. But somehow, and whether that's built into a segment of the chart of accounts, or whether that's some other tool, I would say it's kind of up to him.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:11
I mean, that

Speaker 3  1:02:17
I'm, I'm perfectly happy as long as we have a shared understanding of, of who's responsible for what, and and Larry, having your expertise flowing into this is, is a wonderful secret sauce.

Speaker 1  1:02:39
We didn't develop ours overnight. It's been many years in the making within house programmers, so if we want something, we just build it so yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:51
Brilliant. Okay. Well,

Speaker 1  1:03:01
I can work with Mark tomorrow to help I think identify, here are the critical reporting points. Sure. If he can share that with you, then I think it's going to probably be up to you to say, this is how I would like to see that implemented. Sure. Because at the end of the day, it's just parsing data and you can use things to parse

Unknown Speaker  1:03:21
data. Right, right. Right. Excellent. Well,

Speaker 4  1:03:29
you guys have more to cover. I'm going to drop but thanks, everyone.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:34
Thank you very much. So and I don't particularly have further agenda.

Speaker 1  1:03:48
Bigler I basically here to share what little bit I know about cash flow, we kind of drifted off in the turn of accounts, but that's okay. So,

Speaker 3  1:03:58
right. Well, I think I mean, I think the story on cash flow is fairly simple, although I'm, I'm really glad for the nuances that you added to that.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:10
So excellent. Matthias I don't have anything else. Yeah. Do you have anything?

Speaker 5  1:04:32
Apparently not. Okay. All right. Thank you, gentlemen. Later


Transcribed by https://otter.ai