Unknown Speaker  00:04
ck fam. What is going on?

Speaker 1  00:09
Let's get a few people in here. Yo, guys, I'm going to do some messenger training today. I feel like this is one of the most common things I see in the group. So I want to shed my two cents how I get people non stop to go from messenger to actually getting on a phone call. Carlos. David, what is up, man, Timothy? Brad? What is going on guys? David, man, I'll see you and see you in January at the event. Kate. Let's get like a few more in here. Anyone who just hopped in, I'm going to be doing some messenger training. I feel like this is a huge question a lot of people get. I'm really just what it takes. I've taken a messenger combo on to a phone call. It's funny to let people on here, Kate, Bradley, David, I did this exact same thing with you guys. So if you just think of it like that, that's worked with you. Jeremy, what is going on? Nice guys, you guys are nice and active.

Unknown Speaker  01:09
Cool. I'm just gonna jump right in. So

Speaker 1  01:13
if there was one thing, I think that what I see in ck as an issue. I think you guys just overthink what it takes to get people from a messenger conversation to a phone call. I really think that's it, you guys overcomplicate it, you guys get worried, you don't want to say the like the wrong thing. The number one piece of advice I have that Taylor peyten bunch of other people on the team who've been here longer than me have shoved on me is like just remove the filter

Unknown Speaker  01:42
and relax.

Speaker 1  01:43
Like this is a normal human being who you probably have a solution to a problem. So just have a conversation. And I used to be very scripty. And I would say like this. And then I would say this, I don't have all kinds of scripts. Now. Like I don't really think when I go into my messenger conversations, I just kind of roll with what comes to my mind how I can actually help this person and what's going to be good for him. So how that will work for you. Obviously, I'm assuming and I hope you guys are doing two steps, user posting and group you guys are doing organic. And really what it comes down to is when people when I get an interaction with people, let's say if it's from a two step, I'll be like, you know, hey, Brad, so I commented on this, did anyone get this to you? Or if you don't have a team, you could just be like, hey, so he commented on this? Are you still interested? And they'll be like, yes, then you want to get permission to ask them some questions. So they realize like you actually care about them. So again, it's I'm not just going to send you a random piece of training that may or may not help you, I want to actually help you. So like Do you mind if I ask you two to three questions about what you have going on. And then based on that, I can either give you this one, or I can give you something else. So taking it from that frame, and not being so in the weeds of like every little thing that's going on, I'm like,

Unknown Speaker  02:59
well, they said this, how do I answer? Like, look,

Speaker 1  03:01
I want to help you on this training that I just posted about may or may not be a good fit. If it is cool. If not, I have something else. And then you just go into asking super simple questions. So if you're a business coach, if you are doing something from a business side, you can typically ask like, what are your revenues? Where do you want them to be? What's your biggest challenge? And then shed some insight, right? You don't want to just make it like a sales pitch and just ask like 40 questions, you want to make it. So you're getting information, but you're also engaging, and you're kind of providing some insight. Does that make sense? We're going a little bit too much. We'll make sure you guys are still with me here. Cool. So once you get into that, I'll shed some insight. So I'll be like, Look,

Unknown Speaker  03:47
why do you think you're not already at 20 k months? And we'll

Unknown Speaker  03:49
be like, Well, you know, my ads aren't working.

Unknown Speaker  03:53
And all that cool? Well, you don't really need ads. Honestly,

Speaker 1  03:55
I think what you need is like dial and organic is to get more people on the phone and like, again, I'll shed some insight. I won't solve their problems. But the cliffhanger that I use is once I kind of shed some insight, I change their way of thinking, which is all it sells is I make them realize like, Look, here's what you're doing wrong. Okay. Here's a possible solution. Maybe it's me, maybe someone else but like my kind of pitch into getting them on the call is as easy as this. Look. You like five or 10 minutes to chat later today. I can give you some insight as to what

Unknown Speaker  04:28
I do, if it would be a good fit. If it is cool.

Speaker 1  04:31
If not, I can at least point you in the right direction. So maybe I'll tell you to get a book off Amazon, it will give you some free training. But again, making that pitch Don't be like awkward and weird about it. Like be like, hey, look, I'm busy right now again, you're the busy person. They need your help. You are the experts. You don't want to lean in either. I think it's another big thing I've been seeing in the group people are leaning in, they're like messaging multiple times, and they're kind of like looking desperate.

Unknown Speaker  04:55
Like you're busy.

Speaker 1  04:56
Right? You got things to do. Don't just sit around for this person all day long. make them realize that that you are the busy person and they need your help. So, hey, look, you got like five or 10 minutes, I can just kind of help you out, we can go from there. So what I do from this standpoint, again, if Matt, if other coaches are telling you something different,

Unknown Speaker  05:13
that's specific to you, I want you guys to obviously listen to them. But

Speaker 1  05:17
really, what I do is I'll kind of have that first call, where I pretty much just uncover if they're a good fit. So again, it's so funny, so many people on here, David, Jeremy, Jennifer, Kate, Brad, I, we all do, I'll do the exact same thing with you guys. I was like, hey, look, I have some solutions for you. Let's just hop on a call. I can see if I can help you. If not, I know someone who can. And then that's where I pass you on to an advisor. So maybe that is obviously for you guys is probably going to be you taking the sales calls. But you can shed some insight and really figure out if they are even somebody you can help. So five or 10 minutes. And then after you go through some insight, do a little bit more of a deep dive into like what's going on 510 minutes at the most I want you then to be like okay, cool. Hey, look, I have another call coming up. Again, you're busy the frame, you don't have time to just sit around and answer questions all day or be on these phone calls. I'm really busy right now. Look, I would love to chat with you again later. For like a little longer duration of time, I can do more of a deep dive as to like, what actual solution would be. I think I can provide it. I helped a lot of people like you. And again, if I can't at the very end of it, I at least know somebody who can. And then you'll schedule the full strategy session from there.

Unknown Speaker  06:32
This makes sense guys this helpful. Let me know.

Speaker 1  06:41
I got like 10 people just staring at me. You guys just be in pervs. You guys, this is helpful. Cool.

Unknown Speaker  06:55
Based on that that's

Unknown Speaker  06:57
the number one thing I think I see

Speaker 1  06:59
from you guys is just overthinking and getting people on a call. You don't want to make the messenger Convo so long and dragged out. That is just going to it just there's more reasons for them to leave to go some answer. Because it's like a 45 minute messenger combo. Like even with some of the people in here that I've talked to you. We talked for literally like five minutes, David, I think me and you sent like four messages to each other. And then like you were just like, man, like I want to know how you guys can help. So it's the exact same way, like a few questions, provide some insights, and you want to take it to that call ASAP.

Unknown Speaker  07:33
Messenger, all kinds of things can go wrong, people

Unknown Speaker  07:35
can stop answering, they'll go still fall off,

Unknown Speaker  07:37
then you have to lean in again and hit him up like

Speaker 1  07:40
as quick as you can, as people are being responsive. You want to answer them while they're on messenger sitting there. Don't drag a conversation to be out over three days. Hey, what do you need?

Unknown Speaker  07:50
Cool, I cannot do that.

Speaker 1  07:52
Let's talk for a few minutes, I'll tell you what to do, if not a no someone else. And again, to what all even do this is the last little thing I'll I'll sprinkle in before I leave. Little bit of magic, I'll always say to as I kind of asked to get on the call, I'll always say promise I got nothing to pitch you lol. And again to it's great because they know they're not going to get sold to, you're really just going to get on a call with them, shed some insight, and then frame them pre frame them in a way to where that strategy session, you'll be able to answer all of those questions, or go through the whole process and tell them about your offer and tell them what that looks like.

Unknown Speaker  08:26
So hopefully, this helps guys.

Speaker 1  08:29
This is exactly what I do. Pretty much I can get anybody onto a phone call that I want to that is at least somewhat open to it. So I hope this helps if you guys have any like specific questions, I'll hang out for like 30 more seconds ish. And I didn't even scroll down to see that you guys have in common. And so, um, let me see if there's any questions, you give them quick homework from that call? Yes, I do. So I'm blessed to have so many different assets and training, that I have homework for every single reason. Essentially, it's again, it's not solving their problems. But it's giving them some insight on kind of how to solve some certain things. So correct. What I will do then is I'll be like, Look, I got some homework for you. I want you to go through, it'll help it'll at least give you some insight on into XYZ program, or problem. So let's say if you're a fit Pro, look, I have some insight along like how counting calories doesn't really help.

Unknown Speaker  09:21
Okay, if you're a business consultant,

Unknown Speaker  09:23
I have some strategies on like how to get better at paid ads,

Speaker 1  09:26
whatever it is, having those pieces of training can be huge, because it also is a trust builder. And they'll like you more, and they'll realize your real deal. You're not just some person on Facebook pitching them. So yes, I always will give homework. Again, if you guys don't have homework, I don't want you to just like start spending the next week making homework or making trainings. But

Unknown Speaker  09:46
it is super helpful testimonial pages, things like that

Speaker 1  09:48
all depends on where you guys are in your process. But it's it's going to be huge to do that. So I definitely do that. What is the best way to pre call someone on the phone before they do an application. So It's, it's gonna be different for everyone. Because for me like I don't, we don't use applications. If somebody books inbound, that's one scenario. But if I'm booking a call for an advisor, I'm not having them fill out an application, I'm getting the application info over the call. So rarely the best way to do that for you.

Unknown Speaker  10:18
Let's say you're on that, like, quick

Unknown Speaker  10:19
510 minute call with them. You

Speaker 1  10:21
want to know like, what is that criteria you're looking for? in having a good fit. Okay, so if it's for you, if it's a certain revenue, it's a certain problem. If they're looking to have that solution fixed, you kind of want to, like fill out the application on your side of things. You don't need to like, be like, Oh, yeah, here, let me like PMU an application and go through it. Like, I wouldn't waste time on that, in that five to 10 minute call is essentially you filling out the application with them. Okay, you're going to figure out what they need, and that they kind of are qualified in your eyes. So they have a problem that you can fix. They want to fix relatively soon. Again, also financially qualifying people too, if that is applicable for what you have going on, then yeah, then that's kind of like, okay, cool, we can have that next conversation. And if you genuinely can't help them, like, tell them that be a real human being, look, I don't think this is something I can help you with. Hey, look, you should go read the book, Psycho Cybernetics. Or you should go read the book, leadership and self deception, like, just actually help people. And it always will come back in a full circle and doing that.

Unknown Speaker  11:22
Let's see if there's any other questions I missed.

Unknown Speaker  11:28
You guys, anything else?

Speaker 1  11:31
Does that make sense Bradley to on what I'm saying by that and kind of like how that like quick call is essentially qualifying them when you are filling out the application with them,

Unknown Speaker  11:38
even though you're not like, physically sending them that?

Unknown Speaker  11:46
What's going on, Nick?

Speaker 1  11:52
Cool. I don't think I missed he had david four to five. Yeah, it was so quick, man. Cool, guys, I hope this helped a lot. I'll kind of wait like 15 more seconds, if any last minute questions pop up. Excuse me, I'll be happy to answer them. But that's pretty much what I wanted to drop. I just think it's, I probably every day, I see an example of like a screenshot or something in the group, to where I think again, you guys are probably just over complicating it, you're in your own heads. And like realize, like you are just this is another human being with a problem that you can solve. Just help them. It literally comes down to that.

Unknown Speaker  12:27
I think that was all I really want to talk about that.

Unknown Speaker  12:30
The filter. This is something me and Taylor we're just doing training on is

Speaker 1  12:35
not only not just a filter, but like having empathy for people and not having to like second guess everything you saying. And I've probably said this a few times. But I just completely I have no filter. When I'm talking to people on messenger, I will say exactly what I need to feel. And if it comes off as a little harsh, or I'm like, Hey, you know, like, You're, you're just being stupid right now. I won't maybe say it like that. I'll kind of lighten it up. But like, again, I have no problem telling people what other people want, because I know it'll actually help them.

Speaker 1  13:07
Yeah, Bradley. And again, don't pendulum swing man. If the app has been working for you, then do it. But I know it's a good way that people can kind of fall off the face the earth if you send them an app and then like they never fill out the app. It can be really quick as again to like you're kind of building some rapport, getting some value on the phone with them then you can even like before you just go right into a 45 minute phone call off that. You can even see if it's worth both your guys time. Cool, guys. If you have any other questions on anything I said, after this live, throw them in here. I'll get back to you.

Unknown Speaker  13:40
Hopefully by the end of the day today, I hope

Speaker 1  13:41
you guys have a great Thanksgiving. I'm thankful for all of you guys. Thank you so much for making me Have a lovely job and taking care of you guys. I love seeing your wins. I love seeing how far you guys have progressed don't hesitate to if you guys have any specific questions that you feel like you're not getting answered. Obviously you're surrounded by support and a fantastic client success team. But if you have any help from me, do not hesitate

Unknown Speaker  14:01
to reach out guys. Have a good Thanksgiving. I'll see you guys soon.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai