Unknown Speaker  05:30
Josh. Hello, this is Josh.

Matthias Miller  05:37
Hello. There we go. Hey guys here.

Unknown Speaker  05:46
Hey Sir, good morning.

Speaker 1  05:52
Do you know for sure if other people are actually expecting this line? Typically, we use their conference line.

Matthias Miller  05:58
Oh, you use their conference line. Oh, I don't,

Unknown Speaker  06:04
I didn't see it over there, so I jumped over here. But

Matthias Miller  06:11
I don't know. I suspect one of us should probably normally drew it. Drew is on. I'll jump over there and respond.

Speaker 1  06:20
I don't know, ping you. You can ping me. Well, you can signal each Other. Whoever's sees People First. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  07:40
Slide. Thank

Speaker 2  08:02
you. They have like, two more steps in verification than two so, like, all in all, it's about the same. We don't do that many that it

Unknown Speaker  08:48
said, but I'm thinking of

Unknown Speaker  08:52
how much would that help, if we had that

Unknown Speaker  09:01
set up save time your side, right?

Unknown Speaker  09:05
Yeah, I think it would.

Speaker 2  09:07
It would sound, no, no, we're not paying, we're not paying large amounts of vendors

Unknown Speaker  09:16
with Ach,

Unknown Speaker  09:20
like somebody would have

Speaker 2  09:22
to, yeah. I mean, if we have AP power to go, and Gina was pretty strong on it that, you know, we need to be holding authorization to have bank information

Speaker 3  09:35
from these people, which is basically

Speaker 2  09:40
a sign down from that. Yeah, she said she would send me a form, but she never did, like a blank form, but it's, you know, we've had this information for years on some of these, and it's like, what's worth chasing. But then, on the other hand, you. The Bank can check in anytime, and can ask for,

Unknown Speaker  10:03
you know, authorization,

Speaker 3  10:12
the ability to use those now, or they could,

Speaker 2  10:15
yeah, I mean, I don't know. I don't know if there's necessarily a legal thing, but they're basically, they're saying, well, they're not sure if it's safe enough, you know. So it kind of becomes a liability to them if somebody should get on our case for not having it. So it's a way to cover themselves. Somebody's out.

Matthias Miller  10:51
Good morning, guys,

Unknown Speaker  10:53
are we waiting on Dwayne? Yes?

Speaker 4  11:02
Yeah, who's on the outside where the birds are singing,

Matthias Miller  11:08
that's that's me getting my act together this early in the morning, trying to get settled in my office. So I

Unknown Speaker  11:20
you want to try and reach out to Dwayne see if he's planning to join. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:32
just send him a message. We'll see what He says.

Unknown Speaker  11:42
Do? Who fast as other cells. There we go. So

Speaker 4  12:42
So Matthias, maybe we could cover your email on standard costing real quick while we wait on

Unknown Speaker  12:52
Sure. So

Speaker 4  12:54
I understand you. You updated all of standard costing percentages from four, one forward. I didn't quite understand what you meant by the freezing your question on production overhead, I

Speaker 4  13:24
Well, you know, if Dwayne's here, let's, let's jump into the meeting, and then we can cover that at 1030 so

Speaker 5  13:31
my apologies for being a Little late here.

Unknown Speaker  13:37
No worries. Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  13:39
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  13:44
So let's jump into the refunds discussion. First, I'd like to go through just before we do that on the email I sent, I want to review whether this should still be our highest priority project for accounting for several reasons. So

Speaker 4  14:03
one reason is the low amount of refunds we have. I think you know this probably 35 to 50 here probably is what we're going to see. So I think it's worth looking at how much time will this build require, and then how much time would this take to, you know, to do it manually? For the time being? I think the truth of the matter is, most of the improvements we're going to make to accounting at this point are types of things like this, where it's, yeah, it applies to one or 2% of the situations, and it's, but not dealing with them is, well, credits is kind of the same. Okay, credits is used, will be used a lot more than refunds. But it's, it's, I think we're down to those kinds of things, but I think it's still worth lots. Looking at whether this should be our first

Unknown Speaker  15:04
priority, the

Unknown Speaker  15:06
second so. Well, no, sorry, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  15:08
No, no, go ahead.

Speaker 1  15:11
I mean, another question is, if it is the highest priority, does it have to be done right now? Like, is this something that we could do a month from now, or two months from now, or something like that. Just,

Unknown Speaker  15:27
do we have if this is something we want to get done, but it's not, you know, killing us right now. Can we? Can we do it sometime in the future?

Speaker 4  15:41
Oh, I think that. I think the answer to that is yes. I think that's a good question. I mean, pushing this out to later in the year, how painful is that drew? I mean it,

Speaker 2  15:54
I don't know. I mean, like, if there's little fixes and things that come up, I think they would definitely be better to do right away than say, Oh, this should override all that kind of stuff.

Speaker 4  16:15
So long term, the more of this stuff we get done, though, allows things like this to be done by, say, AP people or AR people more as a standard process, rather than everything needing to go like these types of things needing to be handled. You know, by by Drew or,

Speaker 1  16:41
yeah, so definitely understand trying to get stuff off of Drew. Is this the kind of thing that we could have Dwayne train his people in being able to to do the way it is for now and then, when we get a simpler process, then they obviously would continue with that.

Speaker 4  17:02
What do you think Drew? I mean, is this something where we could spend a little bit of time with Dwayne and created, you know, a manual process like an SOP on how to handle these refunds?

Unknown Speaker  17:19
Probably,

Speaker 2  17:27
yeah, I mean, there's, there's in the sun's almost a couple ways that things can be, like just the other day that that payment that was missing, you know, so I wrote it off on the deposit instead of on the sales order, because of all the documentation that we had for the payment, you know. So if I just get rid of the payment and put the put the write off on the other payment that was there, like, that's, you can do it either way. And so I think with this, we'd have to just, it'd be a fairly long sob on all the there's just a lot of nuances to depends this, depends on the depends on this. So I think it could be done, but

Speaker 4  18:23
it sounds like there might be enough nuances that someone like Dwayne would have to maybe always do it, rather than,

Speaker 2  18:31
yeah. I mean, it's going to be a fairly long learning curve, I'm guessing, to to getting them to to accurately do each, each different type of thing,

Speaker 2  18:55
which we could maybe it might not be too hard to take say, Okay, this is this panel brief on you guys know how to do that, whereas something that's a

Unknown Speaker  19:08
little bit more

Speaker 2  19:12
depending on the situation, be like, Oh, This doesn't fit the normal situation. Push this out. I

Speaker 4  19:23
so I'm not quite sure how we should, how we take that and quantify that. Does anyone have ideas on like, should, should we? Should we go through this and still try and do a basic design this morning, and then determine,

Unknown Speaker  19:46
off of that, determine whether, determine when to do it, or is it, is it a waste of time to do that before we're ready to go build them? Do.

Speaker 1  20:03
So Dwayne, I'm curious what you would say to this. One option would be to to work through somewhere between two and half a dozen of these withdrew, either the two of you or the two of you, plus some of your people. And that would give you feel like at that point you could, you'd basically write an SOP, or you could say, No, this is too complicated. I bail that kind of thing.

Speaker 5  20:33
Yeah, I guess I'm curious. I feel like we need to work through a number of these situations to see what the complexities are and then, once we understand the complexities, is there workarounds, and if there's not work around them, we were stuck with development.

Unknown Speaker  20:57
Sure makes sense. Makes sense.

Speaker 4  21:01
So Jonathan, are you suggesting we that we do that happens first, and then, based off of that, we decide what to do with software development?

Speaker 1  21:17
I'm floating the question at least. I mean, Dwayne, if you say, I I just don't have anything to do with these things, then that that answers that question. No,

Speaker 5  21:26
I wouldn't. I wouldn't say I don't have anything to do with these things. I think it's more of, okay, my perception of this was not very complicated. It sounds like Drew's perception this is quite complicated. So finding out the complexities before I say I'm interested. It's kind of like I want to date the girl before I get married to it.

Unknown Speaker  21:51
Yeah, I understand. I mean, it is complicated too, but I, I, I'm not opposed to working through this, but I wonder about getting you two on the same page.

Speaker 1  22:13
My hunch, Dwayne, is that if you know what's going on under the hood or what needs to be accomplished, will help you when, if we actually built an elegant solution later on that your team will have to have to deal with, but I'm certainly, certainly happy To talk about method design today.

Speaker 2  22:41
One thing that I'd say is probably the most complicating of all this is our write off function, because part of it needs clarified as to what's a write off where we're saying we will not receive the rest of this money, but we want it to be paid, or to be considered paid. That's a write off. But now, if we are just like we received the full amount, but some of the money went towards fees for receiving it, like a like a lender's fee, like green sky. Technically, that's not a write off because, because we did receive all the money for the bill. So it's simply a deduction or an expense in receiving that. So depends how the return thing comes out. Can like what we're trying sometimes, what we're trying to do is we're trying to make returns be write offs and and getting that a little mixed up in there. And so then it's not doing the right thing for us. But so I think there's a little bit of programming work that could be done with the whole write off function, or that that functionality to say, here's an adjustment to this payment, whatever it be. Then I think if we could get that done, that would make the rest of this actually like that would take care of kind of a whole set of of these situations.

Matthias Miller  24:33
I don't know you do have, we do have a proposal for the write offs. I think the only thing it needs from you is some language. Okay,

Speaker 1  24:45
so I'm not totally sure I followed. Are you saying that if we handled write offs, that that's a significant portion of the whole refund pain,

Speaker 2  24:58
like the. Overpayment. Number three in this lineup that would handle, I believe it would handle that, or we could handle it through that anyway.

Speaker 2  25:18
In a sense, it's connected. In a sense, it's its own problem.

Speaker 4  25:24
Well, what if we, what if we spend, spend this this time, time in this meeting to look at Riot ELS, just specifically riotals. Go through some examples. See what look at what we need there. And then Dwayne and drew will connect on the whole refunds thing. And we'll, we'll for right now, we'll just plan to kick that down the push that down the road until after Dwayne and his his team have, or until after Dwayne has an understanding of how that how the manual process looks, and then at that point, we're in a bunch better I think we're in a better position to to determine whether we need to sign and If so, exactly how the user functionality should work.

Speaker 1  26:24
Sure that makes sense. That makes sense. Yeah. Now, Matthias, you said something about already having a design. Have you talked this through with Mark already the write off side of things? No.

Matthias Miller  26:37
Well, I've sent out an email. We've tabled it. I think fundamentally, I don't know if you call okay from a functional standpoint. I think the basic question is, when you adjust a payment, do you want to adjust the amount that's deposited, or do you want to adjust the amount that's applied and everything from there then just becomes a matter of, I mean, first of all, are these? Do both of those fall into the write off category? And I don't know the answer to that, because it's kind of write off slash fee, slash premiums. And so what do we want to call Do you want to keep calling them write offs? But then everything beyond that point to be is Drew needs to figure out that a landmark fee is this type of configuration. And Dwayne's people just need to know, oh, landmark fee. And we need to write down, I mean, the the payment total needs to be the the applied amount, and it'll automatically deposit whatever the balance is, yeah, we

Speaker 3  27:40
have not talked it through.

Speaker 4  27:47
So would it make sense to just go through some actual, I don't know, to to look at some actual sales orders and and, yes, or do you have any specific ones drew that? I mean, we've got some.

Speaker 2  28:03
I don't. I was looking at these that you have here, and I don't think these you want to

Speaker 4  28:10
look at the one where the one you just did, where that $1,000 basically disappeared. Or is that not involved in this category?

Unknown Speaker  28:20
Um, I

Speaker 4  28:30
mean, are we better off to just mock up a sales order and just do some different

Speaker 2  28:33
I think so, like that particular one was, it was a little different, but yeah, I think Madonna is on the right track. Here. It's some config ability, more ability to configure how adjustments work. You know, give, give the adjustment. Be able to create an adjustment, give it a name, apply it to GL what happens to it? You know whether it increases, which part it increases or decreases. And so, great.

Speaker 4  29:10
So how do we best quantify this? Or do we like what it there's what four or five different types of scenarios. Is it best for you to just start screen sharing and showing some like, here's what you what you needed to do, or is there

Speaker 2  29:32
don't know that I have much as far as I

Speaker 4  29:43
Are we better off to go back to Matthias proposal and have him work through

Speaker 2  29:51
I think what he has is good, and we would create a. You know, basically it's okay. Here's this kind of situation. How does it fit? What about this situation? Does it fit?

Matthias Miller  30:10
Go through that? Well, let's do that

Speaker 4  30:12
as I ask you to go, if you could, if you could go back to your list. And I think at least for me, it would be helpful to to open up assist and have a mock up sales order, or just a an example, when we look at, you know, your first and you just walk us through how, how this would work, from the user interface and the accounting transactions resulting from it. Like, how that would all work? I think would be,

Speaker 1  30:45
well, you do that. Matthias, can I see a really dumb question, when I think of write offs, I think of the customer didn't pay us, and we're not gonna be able to get the money, and so we're just gonna write it off. But what I see number three here is the customer paid too much, which feels like the opposite thing. Am I? What am I missing?

Matthias Miller  31:13
Rephrasing, especially if we expand the scope rephrasing it to something like a payment adjustment or something like that might be. I mean, originally it was intended as a write off and scope creep without name change. I don't know. Okay,

Speaker 1  31:27
okay, so it's just the customer paid us, the payment that we received is different than what we got in the sales order, and we're fine with it, and we're just going to make it go away. Is that the right

Matthias Miller  31:38
correct, okay, but, but we have to account for it in some way to make it go away, to make everything come out correctly understood. I do have a few landmark ones that mark you send out in December. I think it was okay start with. Those seem like potentially good ones to start with.

Speaker 2  32:07
Yeah, yeah, sorry, I just don't have a lot of documentation on some of these nuances.

Matthias Miller  32:16
Okay, so here is one sales order I

Matthias Miller  32:25
deposited here. Credit card payment balance was deposited with the landmark premium applied to the credit card and

Unknown Speaker  32:45
and

Matthias Miller  32:47
presumably the deposited amount, payment, amount. That's weird, okay,

Unknown Speaker  32:59
actually had reconciled that period. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  33:05
so what? What's, what's wrong with this one?

Speaker 2  33:08
The write off is on the wrong one. It should be the part that gets adjusted.

Matthias Miller  33:14
Got it so basically 3721 71 was what was deposited, but what was applied to the balance was 3758 5630 that doesn't come out correctly though. Now it's going the other 67 now it's going the other way. We got a premium in this we got a premium in this gate case. So it's actually we actually intending to do

Matthias Miller  33:56
3684 86 Yeah. Okay, so in this case we have a case where, let me grab this sales order as a reference. In this case we have landmark financing, additional money deposited as a landmark premium. So if we use this model, then we increase the maybe, maybe a better word would be, I don't know if we want to call it increased deposited payment. I don't know what the right term is. Um,

Speaker 2  34:43
we just Yeah, because actual payment is always actual payment. It's what's applied, yeah.

Speaker 4  34:52
So we're saying decrease deposit at payment. Okay, what? What does that mean? Like we're.

Speaker 2  34:59
So in this particular case, we we deposit more than we apply the the payment is what we received. Deposit amount is the same as we received, but it's greater than what was obliged to the

Speaker 1  35:17
so what would be the other option? What was the other thing you could do with with that scenario? Can

Speaker 6  35:23
I just ask a question? This is Leanne. I happen to walk in where Dwayne was recording this, not listening to this. And I just have probably an obvious question, but what is the reason that we wouldn't create an additional RG line for any premium charge or right so that it isn't tied to any other transaction, and you can clearly see when you're reconciling which direction it what is there a reason that we don't create another line? I

Speaker 2  36:08
As long as you can pull them together in the deposit that should work like you know. So if I'm returning with you know here? Well, in this case, I say $3,721.71 get our bank, and then we create one deposit for that, and you split it into two payment lines. I don't think that should be an issue. I You

Speaker 4  36:46
you're talking about on the the RG, right, right, you'd

Speaker 4  36:59
have to make so that the date is also the exact same as the payment.

Unknown Speaker  37:05
That's basically how you tie the two together. Is that

Speaker 6  37:10
at this point, we're not able to do negatives in the amounts, right? Yeah, but you wouldn't want a negative, so you would only be able to use that for positives. So if it was a premium, in this case, you could do 1119, 2023, and the premium for 3665

Speaker 2  37:38
that keeps premiums from being looked at as write offs, which is correct?

Speaker 1  37:57
Matthias, do you? Do you see reason why we should tie it together like this, instead of having to be a separate, separate

Matthias Miller  38:08
row thinking the only, no, I don't think so. I think I mean, it doesn't matter if I mean it looks to me like we're already splitting these, yeah, we are already splitting write offs in this separate accounting transactions anyway, so there's no implication there. I think the the only this is really silly, but the only benefit is that when you check the write off date thing, that the date defaults to the date of the payment. I can't. Besides that,

Speaker 1  38:48
there was also like, right now we don't allow negative payments, right? So we'd have to allow negative payments for these things when it was an actual write off. But that doesn't seem to be be that big a deal.

Matthias Miller  39:00
Well, or you can, yeah, but we could also have, you know, are we using these as Will these be new payment methods? And if so, then you can say that a write off always has to be negative by definition, and a premium always has to be positive by definition. And, yeah, I like that effective. Effectively. What you have then is methods, payment methods that, does this payment method affect the balance or not the sales order balance? And do you does it have to be positive, negative, or can it be either or? And, boom, you've got it, and all we need to do is migrate write offs into line items.

Speaker 4  39:50
Yeah, with that proposal, how would this? This, these payments, RGS be different with the 8730 be its own line item.

Matthias Miller  40:01
Uh, this would have you have another line item, 919, 2023, for 3685, the payment method would be landmark premium or, or we'd add a Type column that is a well, or we guess we could have a, we could have it a separate adjustments, RG, I'd be fine. That might, might be better anyway, adjustments are G, so you'd have a date, adjustment type, adjustment, amount and notes. Then you have to tie it to deposit. Part of me just wants to be lazy and put it in the payments. Payments are G.

Speaker 2  40:41
What you're saying is, like for the credit card fee, would you still put the fee in there like it is, or would you write another would you write an adjustment for that? I

Matthias Miller  41:07
well, with credit cards, it gets a little bit interesting because No, the payout is the one. It doesn't matter if AR has two transactions for that, right? It's just just noise. Nobody cares

Unknown Speaker  41:34
here. This fee was 8730

Matthias Miller  41:39
which is not reflected here because it's in stripe payout. I

Matthias Miller  41:50
mean, if we want to go to changing it, Josh, you might probably have an opinion,

Speaker 1  41:54
changing to be separate rows. Yeah, I don't. Actually, it's uh, it what do I think?

Speaker 1  42:11
So the argument I would see to have it be separate rows is that it makes them less weird, the write offs less weird, like they're just in the here is normal, normal RG rows, and so anywhere that handles this RG is more likely to just have it work. But I don't, I don't feel strongly. If I could slightly de realize I'm still, still a little bit confused. It's if we go back to this original design, it sounded like we wanted to add a this works one of two ways, kind of thing. But it's not clear to me, like, how can this write off work? One of two ways. It seems like either way, you had a payment that didn't match, like

Matthias Miller  42:58
we got write off reasons with a type, okay, a plus and a minus type that basically indicates whether it increases or decreases. The Applied payment amount is that your question?

Speaker 1  43:13
No, back on your design. The here, this guy, yeah. The what's the difference between the the deposited payment versus applied payment?

Speaker 3  43:26
Sure thing. So, so

Matthias Miller  43:32
we got, okay, let's say the customer short pays us, and so we create an adjustment and say, say, Well, we're depositing $3,000 but they should have written it out for $3,000.80 and because the customer can't write their eights, then we're going to eat that 80 cents. So go apply $3,000.80 to the sales order balance. But we're still only depositing $3,000 that would be one example of increasing the applied payment, or conversely, customers sloppy and or absent minded and overpay us by 50 cents. And we would, we want to avoid overpayment with this. So this is really the overpayment, underpayment, and this is the fee and premium model.

Speaker 1  44:34
Okay, what do? What's the scenario with the premium?

Matthias Miller  44:39
Sometimes financing companies are so eager to have his finance, they say, not only will we collect Well, we will. We are so happy to have this customer that we'll write you a check in this case, or we'll deposit an extra 3685, just because we're so grateful to you for bringing us a customer. Other times, uh. In the scenario of this one, the lender will say, Oh, wonderful. We will finance this, but we're going to give you $144.66 less because of some kind of criteria they have on the back end of who they like and who they don't like. Is that an appropriate layman's description.

Unknown Speaker  45:25
Yeah, makes sense? Okay,

Matthias Miller  45:28
so then let's model this. Let's go after a model with this. Leanne, it sounds like we need to have you stumbling into our meetings more often, if she's still around, Dwayne's muted,

Unknown Speaker  45:44
yeah, still be here. Thank you.

Speaker 5  45:46
We're chuckling. First of all, chuckling at your comedic description of of fees and so forth from finance companies. That was pretty funny.

Unknown Speaker  45:59
Pretty accurate, too.

Matthias Miller  46:04
So I think one of the questions is, do we want to pollute the here? Let's do this. Let's just pull it open. Do we want to pollute the payment methods with with all of the potential options, or do we want to have a type here that says, Is this a payment or is this a payment adjustment? And and then have a separate drop down, you know, Method, Method drop down would be,

Unknown Speaker  46:39
perhaps filtered by that.

Unknown Speaker  46:42
And the polluting we would do is the four options, right?

Matthias Miller  46:46
No, we would have the options. Then would be they would we could configure it so it would be something like, here is a customer underpayment, customer overpayment, a a landmark premium, a landmark fee, a strike fee, a, it's a, I just want to tell you what it is. I don't want to think about how it works. Something that, okay,

Speaker 1  47:20
that's fine, and the amount would be negative in the appropriate cases, right? Like, what I would not want to have to do is right when I'm totaling up this. RG, go look at that thing to figure out whether positive actually means negative.

Matthias Miller  47:35
Well, I think we just had validation. So a landmark fee by definition is negative, okay, a premium is positive. And if you can't remember like, we'll tell you and but then you can also see like, plus minus, plus minus, plus minus. And you know what? Exactly what is happening.

Speaker 1  47:55
No, I agree. That's exactly what I want. What I don't want to is, is from the software perspective, to have to go look in this other thing to say that the 3684 actually means negative 3684

Speaker 4  48:08
Matthias, I think it's worth in here. So we, at this point, we have about four different finance companies that we're using. And I, I think we should, Leanne brought this up recently. I think rather than naming the company, we should just, yeah, exactly, we should do, call it financing. And then,

Unknown Speaker  48:29
then you select which company. Well,

Speaker 4  48:31
I think a better option would be that you select, you either have a financing premium or a financing fee, and then have reporting, okay? I think what you could do is you could dump all financing premiums and fees together in the same account, but then have reporting, because what, what managers are really wanting to see is, you know, we think, you know, Ohio thinks whatever landmark is a great financing tool. Well, how much does it cost us in a year? So right now, we can see that we create a GL account specifically for each financing company. I don't think that's the best solution long term. I think we should have reporting that says, here's the breakdown on all the financing premiums, you know, and then it's broken down for a company, and that might be a separate report outside of accounting, or, well, okay, it could be, or could it be a transactions by contact report for just that specific

Matthias Miller  49:37
That's fair, but then we're going to have to, the Berman folks are going to have to specify. I mean, we can have a single financing premium and fee, but then somebody still has to specify which financing company it is,

Unknown Speaker  49:53
and at some point you have to identify it

Unknown Speaker  49:57
correct.

Speaker 1  49:58
Why do you need to. If I Matthias, I believe you the market

Matthias Miller  50:01
Mark, Mark is wanting it. If Mark wants to report on it,

Speaker 4  50:06
yeah, because it doesn't do us any good to say, you know, financing fees. We spend $60,000 in a year on financing fees. When that, you know, if we just lump it all together, it would be a combination of stripe and all the financing companies.

Speaker 1  50:24
Yeah, you want to know which financing companies you're grumpy with, right? Yeah, no, I understand, yeah. So is there nothing else in the sales order that says who was financed by?

Speaker 6  50:38
No, no, there wouldn't anything else in the sales which are, however, there are monthly statements from each of these vendors, or dashboards where we might look for, you know, quarterly annual reporting on what those fees have costs. If you know that might actually make more sense than convoluting it into a payment ledger.

Speaker 4  51:06
Well, what if we but it would also be nice to have that financing payment identified on the sales order itself. Like, what right now we're on a sales order. We're just, what are we saying? Just like, if it's a landmark payment, are we just saying other payment.

Matthias Miller  51:23
It's landmark financing per ABC,

Speaker 6  51:28
so we don't but you're saying you would add methods. Is that what you're thinking but then as finance companies change which they are likely to do, and then you're constantly having to update those. Are we

Speaker 1  51:42
sure we don't want to track on the sales order, who the financing company was just

Speaker 4  51:49
I think we should track it there. We should have a list. And you, you, that's something you always it's a requirement to select that, and then from there you have, okay, one, it's a handy reference on the sales order, just to see, like, how is this paid? And then from there, you would have that you have identified the financing call,

Speaker 2  52:16
except for that one example that Matthias had, there are both stripe fees and landmark premium on the same so, so you have a financing fee. I mean, unless you separate out,

Speaker 1  52:31
well, you, when you do the totals, you would, you would look at each row individually, you'd say, this is a stripe one. So I count this one to stripe, and this is a financing fee. So I'm going to go see who the the financing company is on the sales order and assigned to them.

Speaker 6  52:50
Is this something that could be supported at checkout, that the predominant monetary balance would be indicated, like, even if they are putting, say, a down payment down with a credit card today, but the bulk of the order is going to be financed by whatever entity that they could actually select that at checkout, but it could be updated later on if they were declined or denied or something like that. Yeah,

Speaker 1  53:20
we could certainly do something like that. You have to remind me, just totally like the person that wrote it, but the checkout process, do they select financing as a payment method when they check out

Speaker 5  53:32
financing, financing, there is the methods are on the in the detail screens. It's not currently supported in the checkout process. Financing is not, I think it's pretty much cash, check, credit card, other and Ach, I think so you

Unknown Speaker  53:51
just do other. Is that what you do, that's

Speaker 5  53:53
what they've been doing. And it would be, it would be helpful if we could, because there is a there has been a significant uptick in the amount of financing that's being used, and so being able for a dealer to check or select that when checking out would be really, really helpful, yeah, but, but then the question begs itself, if they select financing, should we also give them the ability to select which company they're using? Yeah, yeah, I

Speaker 1  54:16
think that's implicit. So I think we say it's financing, and if it's financing, that you pick whatever they get to pick whatever financing. I mean, there's just a drop list of all the finance companies we've got. Yeah, that's not a big, big lift.

Speaker 4  54:30
I think that could even help lean. I just saw your email. I didn't read through the detail, but on like we're spending a fair amount of these finance companies are a pain to track. From an AR standpoint, how much money did we actually receive from them and how much was in fees like having that on the sales order would also allow, I think, AR like we could start creating reports saying, here's all the you. You know, and we're getting to the end of the month, here's all the AR, here's all the financing company, here's all the landmark payments we reported, and then we could use that to go through and, you know, verify with the bank statement, like, have all of these been? Here's all the payments we said we made. Do they all of these match with what the bank statement shows? Like doing aids? Well, we could go multiple ways with that, so I think that would be good. I mean, we spend, we I don't know that we can put a number to it. Well, we can't, but I just know right now that the fee we're showing on the income statement for these financing companies is not due justice to like, we're spending a lot more time both on Drew's site and ARS in Dwayne's office to try and get all of that nailed down. So anything we could do to help that would be

Matthias Miller  56:04
good look. The nice thing about tracking the financing company is we could then give you a report to say, I want to see all fees and premiums for this company in this period. And you could have your own little ad hoc reconcile process, if you if you want something like that,

Matthias Miller  56:29
yeah, I like it. Um, Josh, do you have any philosophical opinion about, you know, method, plus, you know, like having an adjustment method with it with a separate column for adjustment type, versus just throwing them in methods.

Unknown Speaker  56:51
It seems to throw them in methods. But I don't care. I don't, don't feel strongly.

Matthias Miller  57:02
I I like the I really like the idea of moving strike fees out of the fee column into a separate row. I really dislike having two amounts that I don't know. It's just confusing, two amounts on payment that two different ways of doing things. I think, I think it would simplify, and then both of those would get linked out to that same stripe. Under the hood, we'd have a link to the to the stripe transaction.

Speaker 1  57:36
Sure you want to update the checkout X 30s when they add to the surgery.

Matthias Miller  57:55
So in this case, we would landmark financing would be a payment that requires a positive amount that would not apply to the sales order Balance.

Matthias Miller  58:16
So now getting to the second sales order

Speaker 6  58:22
and I'm curious, does this make the question about refunds really straightforward? Now,

Speaker 1  58:33
I think refunds is a separate discussion. I don't know that it simplifies it, but certainly doesn't make it more complicated.

Matthias Miller  58:52
I may be speaking out of turn, but a refund could be as simple as allowing a certain type of payment to be added to a check. Yeah, and Stripe refunds are already handled, and this would just allow you to write the check and have the payment a certain type of payment row tied out to it. Is there anything else that would really need to be handled?

Speaker 4  59:22
You're so Matthias, you're saying, if a customer has paid for a building in full, and then two months later, a month later, he comes back with the rams and says, I don't want these rams, and we refund $500 for the Rams. That's the type of scenario you're thinking. I uh, well, I was thinking about, yeah, so fair enough. Okay, one thing that, okay, we could handle that. I know that for sales tax reasons, we we had been thinking. That that should be what advised us to create a second sales order, like a negative sales order, dated as of the refund date and calculate, you know, how much tax savings. So rather than than dumping it onto the same one and adjusting all of that, but

Matthias Miller  1:00:26
so you have a write off type that's a type, that's a, I don't know what the right term is. I mean, it is a, it is a refund, a refund check, or a check? Yeah, refund check. And so it doesn't matter whether it's on the same one or a new one, a refund check would have a negative amount, I think, which would take the balance back up to zero.

Speaker 2  1:01:07
So, well, okay, that depends. If it's an overpayment that you're wanting to pay him back because we received too much cash. We're not affecting the amount of the sale. We're just giving him his money back. So that would take it back to zero. If it's a refund check, because he doesn't want ramps, the sale would stay the same, because that's what the sale was, and we need to create a new negative sale as of the current date, so we're not messing with sales tax back then, correct,

Matthias Miller  1:01:38
but, but either way. Okay, so if it's an overpayment, you're gonna have a negative sales order balance. So let's say they overpaid by 100 bucks. You're gonna have a negative sales order balance. You add a negative $100 refund check and which gets subtracted from the balance, which takes the balance back up to zero. Boom, done on a on a ramp. Well, the sale happened. That was a sale. Create a new sales, order negative, you know, negative ramp amount plus tax. And then you add a line item once again, for, you know, minus, minus the total. So, so, so your sales order total is going to be negative already. Yeah, got it and then, and then, yeah, take it back up to zero. So either way, the amount must be negative. And then you can write a check for that, and then the check just flips the amount so that,

Speaker 4  1:02:40
but, but, but, how are we going to make sure that that we always so? So I'm, I'm the person responsible for doing refunds. So how do I know when I need to create a new sales order and when I just go and adjust or just use the original.

Matthias Miller  1:03:03
The way you know is if you are fixing what was sold, or you're fixing what was paid, if

Speaker 4  1:03:11
you're fixing what was paid, you use the original. You do not create a new sales order. If you're fixing what was sold, then you create a new sales order Correct.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:24
Okay, yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 5  1:03:28
Can we tie the two sales orders together yet, so that we know which ones are tied to which? Are we just going to sort this by name?

Speaker 4  1:03:37
We would want to tie the two together, like in the when you're fixing what was sold, you'd want to tie the two together,

Matthias Miller  1:03:49
my comments, or you're doing your thinking, uh, literal other linking, like a related sales were saying,

Speaker 5  1:03:56
Okay, this could be solved one of two ways you could Solve it through reporting. Because basically, you would have, you would have, based on a customer's name, you would have both a a sales order and a negative sales order. So okay, you'd be able to see it that being said, if you are and when you're in diagnosing things, it is nice to be, if you something is linked off like this as a refund, to be able to hop over there and just bear like the trail ties together is,

Matthias Miller  1:04:26
is there linking for Is there any kind of linking between? Hey, here's a quote, and I want a new quote based off of this, but with some differences, and I'm not even sure how that works,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:37
not aside from just name.

Matthias Miller  1:04:41
So we would theoretically went, I mean, that would be a scenario. Maybe it doesn't matter that that's a scenario where we might want additional linking as well.

Speaker 5  1:04:48
I mean, I don't the other I feel less strongly about the linking on this one than I do on some other things, because you can go run a sales order report with a name, and you're going to come. Up with it.

Speaker 1  1:05:04
So another option to be it's slightly less typed, but would be more flexible, that is if we just implemented memo links for a bunch of these different record types and let you

Unknown Speaker  1:05:19
let your link. Yep, hit.

Matthias Miller  1:05:23
So we would want memo links for, I mean, sales orders are the primary, well, sales orders and stems, or built. You would use building, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:32
bidder invoices, purchase orders.

Matthias Miller  1:05:39
Oh, you would just so and then we, yeah, we would use system numbers. And we need, we need prefixes for these.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:53
Think you just put them in there.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:56
How's it? Think you just did,

Matthias Miller  1:06:00
well, that's fair. We're not actually using, we're not actually using like, we're not actually using standards or numerically these, right?

Speaker 1  1:06:10
So I think for vendor invoices and POS, you would do it that way. For for sales orders and stins, they already have a prefix so you could just support wherever.

Matthias Miller  1:06:25
I mean, this is the N, N, R, Q, Sarah.

Matthias Miller  1:06:36
This is the skin. Well, yeah, I'd

Speaker 1  1:06:39
be happy to implement that if you just kick it over to me. Think that would make things better.

Speaker 4  1:06:45
Probably everyone else understands what a memo link is, but

Matthias Miller  1:06:56
so it's a way that within, within here, you can link to other records, and so in the notes, here's an incident which I have no idea what this is going to open up, but it's an incident which opens up the incident record. So we could have something like, like, what we would support is that you could put copy the sales order ID, and you say, this is a refund for this. And when you do that, this turns into a link that you can click, and boom, pops Rick straight over into this guy,

Speaker 5  1:07:33
but total side question, Josh, will this work if you copied in a sales order ID into a building record notes.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:44
Is the notes a memo?

Speaker 3  1:07:46
Yes, yeah. Hallelujah.

Matthias Miller  1:07:50
Why did we not do this before? I don't know. Why did we not hear this before? Do

Speaker 5  1:07:54
you know how many times, do you know how many times we copy this information around into memo notes, and you have to copy and you have to copy and paste and go and find a new report to get over to it. Hallelujah.

Speaker 1  1:08:05
You never said, hallelujah, before. Should have said earlier. Listen, if we

Unknown Speaker  1:08:09
did nothing else today besides this, I'm so tickled.

Matthias Miller  1:08:15
We're just holding out on you. I mean, it's just we gotta keep some surprises for you.

Speaker 5  1:08:19
What I gotta send some some gifts, or some presents for stuff like this. What is this like? This is amazing.

Matthias Miller  1:08:25
You gotta come to Colorado for most of this type of stuff. We're giving you a freebie

Unknown Speaker  1:08:32
come October, but I'm coming.

Matthias Miller  1:08:36
She I like that. Josh,

Speaker 4  1:08:41
so is this a completely manual process, like you just did Mathias, like you type it in and you put it in in double set brackets, or whatever. Or are you

Matthias Miller  1:08:53
what we would typically do is, what we might do is change the ID to here, to have, I'm not sure double brackets around it, or have a version somewhere that has double brackets around it, so you can just triple click it and copy that, copy the link over.

Speaker 4  1:09:10
So what users would do would be copy whatever link they want to, whatever they want to link. They just, they just copy that, paste it in the memo notes, and then everybody, anytime in the future, you can so is that the another silly question, but what's the development you're doing on this? Josh, is it just to add make so that you can, well, I guess that's my question.

Speaker 1  1:09:39
Yeah, it's just, just adding settings. So we already support doing this for arbitrary records on the platform side. So just setting up settings, it's, I don't know, half an hour or something.

Matthias Miller  1:09:51
Technically, it's saying, when you find a link that's in this format starts with S, has something, then go take this. Something and and here's the, here's where you need to go, what, what record you need to go, pull up to do that. So mark

Speaker 5  1:10:09
for context, like all of this stuff, like converted SDI buildings, when we disconnect sales orders and buildings, when we, like, on repos, where we disconnect sales, orders and buildings and like all of that we the the process has always been, you copy in on either record, you know what, what? What the ID number is of either record. Well, those become now hyperlinks, instead of just information, got it, which is so like, which is like, Next, Next Level. I mean, we could, we can start counting this in the amount of minutes it takes to this saves, like,

Speaker 6  1:10:49
it's like changing a file drawer to a pure file.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:02
I love it, all right? I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:11:09
did we we just accidentally solve refunds at the same time? Because that would just happen. Well,

Speaker 1  1:11:15
I propose what we do is we implement this stuff, and then we come around again and

Unknown Speaker  1:11:21
and,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:23
yeah, Dwayne and drew get their heads together and see if we can't

Speaker 5  1:11:27
use this for I propose. I propose we include Leanne on all of our accounting calls.

Matthias Miller  1:11:37
You join us at 1030 Leanne, we got more stuff to go through.

Speaker 2  1:11:43
Not supposed to say, I told you so. But I'm back to my comment about, I think if we fix our our write offs situation, that I think we might take care of more than we can. Also drew, you told us so

Speaker 5  1:11:57
well, in all fairness, I laughed at your comment. Drew and rolled my eyes and said, this is way off topic. You proved that. You proved yourself right on that one.

Speaker 2  1:12:11
Well, I didn't have all these ideas, so we still need Leanne's help on this one.

Speaker 1  1:12:17
Yeah, Leanne has still stuck herself with all kind of calls. Going forward, we've been promoted

Matthias Miller  1:12:23
exactly, Drew. Are there other records, like deposit records, check records, that you want use regularly enough to want links to or not I

Unknown Speaker  1:12:49
would you not positive record?

Speaker 5  1:12:52
So I actually have a different question, why don't all memo fields just automatically do this no matter what they're tied to, like if you want to tie anything in, if it's got a system ID to another record and you copy that, that into the memo of another another record, why doesn't everything just work? Do

Matthias Miller  1:13:09
you really want to be able to link this to payment write off types, slightly sarcastic and slightly serious? No. I mean, I don't know, then you start reserving prefixes, and it gets confused anyway. Go ahead, Josh, yeah, I wonder. I think we do, because once we get into Hey, we're writing a check for this or, well, that's not actually going to happen, though. That'll be linked by itself. I don't know. I just don't see a reason why. What's a good two letter or what's a good two letter abbreviation for deposit?

Speaker 4  1:13:53
For those we're using D, and then, I mean, wow, whatever. Not assist. But when we create them, it's D, and then whatever the company is, like A, B or B is but

Speaker 2  1:14:07
like, there are many linked to the deposit on on sales orders. Now maybe you want to link it from somewhere else.

Matthias Miller  1:14:16
I think you're right. Look, let's I'll share that with my brainstorming, and when we need it, we'll cross the bridge.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:23
What could be at a later? Yeah, all

Matthias Miller  1:14:28
right. Well, do you guys still want to go through more scenarios? Are you guys? Dwayne does that.

Speaker 4  1:14:37
I think on the payments, the write off thing, it seems to me like the biggest the part we want to make sure we have right is that it's intuitive to use on the front side. And I'd like Dwayne and Leanne to weigh in on like it needs to be crystal clear to people doing AR, recording payments, you know what to do every step of the way. Eight. We have to have that in place. You know, is this financing? Is it not financing? Is it a premium? Is it a fee? Maybe we need to make sure that that is is crystal clear. And then I think drew you need to be able to set up what accounts are affected on the backside. I mean, like you are now with write offs, but I think that, to me, that seems like the most critical piece to make this work.

Speaker 2  1:15:38
Question on the stripe, fee thing, is it going to make? Is the payment amount going to make sense? I mean, you're going to tie those together. We're never actually making deposits for stripe payments. Are we?

Matthias Miller  1:16:03
No, I think we're actually completely ignoring those, and the payout is the thing that's driving your deposit as I read them all. Okay, just a little weird, but it works. I mean,

Speaker 2  1:16:21
like, say there's a landmark fee. Is our, is our RG line going to show $3,000 as the payment? Like, how are we going to adjust that payment by the next RG line, which is the fee line for the like, say, like, it's, I'm talking about a financing fee rather than like, because stripe does its thing on the On the whole deposit side. So, so how is that going to show up when somebody wants to make a deposit, they need a number that says $2,970 and cents. Because nobody's ever going to know that without going back here that, oh, these two are supposed to gather and they come out.

Matthias Miller  1:17:26
Got it? So on the deposit side, you want a way to say, um, tie these two together,

Speaker 2  1:17:39
yeah, because when I'm making a deposit, I want to see that, oh, I'm supposed to be depositing this much. Can

Matthias Miller  1:17:45
we do it by date? So all lumping all payments together by date

Unknown Speaker  1:17:54
makes sense to me. I

Speaker 2  1:18:03
would there be something like a like an adjustment? I mean, I know this is kind of bringing it back in, but where, if it's something that has an adjustment, you can click an adjustment checkbox and then, and then it creates the new line for you and ties the two together or something.

Matthias Miller  1:18:23
We could give you a truck. I mean, we could, if it is an adjustment, we could require you to fill in the drop list, a drop list that links it back to the original one.

Speaker 2  1:18:39
If it was financing, it has to be financing fee or financing premium. And then those two would connect each other.

Matthias Miller  1:18:50
Well, like on this one, you would have to say, I don't know. So you're you're not. You think you would, too frequently have, okay, like, here's an idea.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:16
You would this is currently. See how this is sorted

Matthias Miller  1:19:28
by the payment date, and then multi sales repayments are linked together,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:38
like if,

Matthias Miller  1:19:41
if we would have another column here, and maybe this is, this is, maybe this is making your life a little more difficult. Granted, it makes your life more difficult. Makes the the AR people's life a little easier because they have less to think about. But if we would have a you. A daily,

Matthias Miller  1:20:07
like, an amount per sales order per day column that you could I don't know that's, that's, that's blank if there aren't multiple payments for the same sales order the same day, but if there are, it would, it would be filled in. And shows that shows both rows would show the total for the day. So you can see the glance when there's two of them that need to go together, and you can see the amount.

Speaker 2  1:20:39
I don't know. I mean, it could probably work. Seems funky.

Matthias Miller  1:20:43
So, so, so here you would be saying,

Matthias Miller  1:20:52
So, here you would be saying, you would, I mean, we could give you a droplets here. Basically you say financing fee. When you select financing fee, then you have to select which payment row it's for.

Matthias Miller  1:21:07
We don't have good ways,

Speaker 2  1:21:12
like somehow to just tie the two together. So it does the math, and the payment shows up correctly. And I think if you did the the adjustment row,

Matthias Miller  1:21:27
here's the other option. We could also say that all financing, financing and premiums and fees are all grouped together and not really not put it on the sales order. We just know those are the only ones that really need to tie together, right?

Speaker 2  1:21:47
Like so if you have a line where the payment is financing, and then you have another line where it's financing premium or financing fee, it would just adjust what the depositable amount is, because those two now, if you have two financings and two fees, then we would have a problem. But,

Matthias Miller  1:22:12
yeah, but you could also do it by date, like the financing. I mean, okay, this, this gets a little you

Speaker 2  1:22:22
could just require it to have the same date as another financing row.

Matthias Miller  1:22:30
Yeah, yeah. And then, so I don't know how to get away from like, because of how these things work under the hood. I think something what we might do is, is have a total financing amount, and you'll have the three roads grouped together. You're going to see the total financing amount. You have to check all three. I don't really have a good way to get away from that. I don't think, I suppose we could potentially, well actually, this might, I'd have to play around with it and see this work. Potentially, we could say, when you check this row, we can take a look. All right, so group, group, deposit report, so financing rows are together and show, show column or financing, amount, Consider, see if we can automatically include

Unknown Speaker  1:23:36
all related I

Speaker 2  1:24:01
um, you'd also need it for the customer overpayment

Unknown Speaker  1:24:07
row, that

Speaker 2  1:24:08
grouping like customer overpayment row date would have to match Another payment, because that will change the deposited

Unknown Speaker  1:24:21
amount. No.

Matthias Miller  1:24:28
Because, okay, $5,000 sales order. Customer pays $5,001 we deposit the $5,001

Speaker 2  1:24:37
Oh, right, so this is we're Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:24:42
got it. You're right. There should be an available for deposit. The customer underpayment, overpayment is never available for deposit. That's strictly a an accounting that there's no actual funds received. You

Unknown Speaker  1:25:06
go. So is there no?

Matthias Miller  1:25:18
Do you guys want to go through more of the I guess, Dwayne and Leanne that there's this question that we did not answer. If your folks see a big fat list of Ach, cash, credit, credit card financing, other customer underpayment, overpayment, premium fee, strike fee, are they going to know exactly what to do, or is there anything that would need to be clarified in this list? Like I list.

Speaker 6  1:25:51
Like, sorry, I was still muted. I think it's fairly self explanatory, but it would be the kind of thing that I would want to introduce. I'd love to work with you closely enough to know when you're planning to have the changes, you know, tentatively go live, and then make sure we get everybody up and say, Okay, this is going away. This is new, and have a conversation, just because it tends to work better that way. But I feel like those are all things that they're accustomed to using on a regular basis. And you know right now, the biggest clarification is that we are telling people not to use financing, only to use other because we can't make a deposit record for anything that's listed as financing. So there's some functionality that's not live with financing. And we've had a couple ones we had to go back in and swap it back to other in order to create a deposit record. That's unusual.

Matthias Miller  1:26:58
I mean, I'm just curious why we, why? I mean, we can let you deposit.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:04
Was added later on,

Matthias Miller  1:27:09
okay, but there are other two types of financing. There's the financing where it gets deposited directly to our account, and then there's the financing that

Unknown Speaker  1:27:19
that the customer.

Speaker 6  1:27:22
So I don't know if anybody's still using that anymore or not. I know that landmark did some of that where they would actually pay the customer, and then the customer would bring in the check. But, I mean, that's not what we're seeing. Most of it we're seeing most of the financing that we're seeing on a daily basis is being deposited directly into a builder account.

Matthias Miller  1:28:01
Since, um, and, I mean, if the customer is paying it anyway, most likely that should be noted as it, I mean, it's coming as a check from the customer anyway.

Speaker 6  1:28:15
That's, I mean, at that point, we don't really care who gave you the money. Well, cash,

Speaker 4  1:28:23
can we make financing that option work and get rid of other like, it seems to me, what else is there?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:29
I mean, Bitcoin, and I don't

Matthias Miller  1:28:33
know you guys take that.

Speaker 4  1:28:38
Well, there was okay, there was one guy that paid by wire, and then I would rather I just don't like other sure, because it's, I

Speaker 6  1:28:46
mean, I think it would make more sense to have financing and have other go away, rather than to use other for financing assuming that we can make deposit. So if we

Matthias Miller  1:28:56
change it, we can make deposits. Can we change all financing, or all other two financing across the board?

Unknown Speaker  1:29:07
Yes. But what do you know? Mark,

Speaker 4  1:29:11
are you asking about historical the other Yeah, I would leave historicals, because just looking at the list you had up there was, it wasn't all financing. It was just kind of a catch all, which is why I'd like to get away from other. So you have to pick something that's legit. So I would, I would vote to leave the past as is, but just moving forward,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:40
just drop the other

Unknown Speaker  1:29:43
inactivated or whatever

Unknown Speaker  1:29:48
you have. Yeah, okay, do.

Speaker 4  1:30:03
As far as your question, Matthias, should we work through several other examples? I think it would be helpful. It seems like there's just so much we can think of, think of about without doing some actual examples. But I don't know what. What's your cutoff time? Matthias, or Dwayne Lee, Lane,

Matthias Miller  1:30:25
I'm gonna have to, I've got maybe 10,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:30
maybe 10 minutes. But we do, let's

Speaker 4  1:30:36
do one quick example, if, unless there's something else we should be looking at?

Matthias Miller  1:30:44
No, I mean, I don't think so. The question for Leanne and usability is the main thing that I had. So what, what other, what other example would you like to take look at,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:58
what are the most troublesome like? Is it

Unknown Speaker  1:31:01
we're talking as far as on refunds or on

Unknown Speaker  1:31:04
no on what we're right all, is it were the customer short pays? Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:15
here, let's do this. I

Unknown Speaker  1:31:40
I kind of coverage,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:43
the things, these things,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:48
I mean, I think,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:51
is overpayments and underpayments

Unknown Speaker  1:31:55
and then

Unknown Speaker  1:31:59
the refund and refunding

Speaker 3  1:32:00
him

Speaker 2  1:32:06
stuff, or refunding him because of payments we've covered, both of those.

Speaker 2  1:32:19
Does, if sales order is canceled and there's already money on it, how does that get handled? Like, if we're because we've already had to send checks back,

Speaker 6  1:32:33
it's usually refunding it to the customer. If they canceled the order, I'm sorry you're typically that's the ones you get requested to refund, because the all of the builders have pretty much adopted the if you don't want it, no problem. Here's all of your money back. I don't think any of the builders are saying, Hey, you said you wanted it, your problem. If you canceled it, we're keeping your down payment. That's just not something I've heard anyone do.

Speaker 2  1:33:06
Okay, so can we? Can we make so that we can, like, if it's going to be canceled, somehow that that, that that refund check, or, I don't know, somehow we want to tie that together. Maybe it's just a memo link and, you know, create a check and make a memo link. I don't know. But you know, if the sale was created and he was actually invoiced in one month, and then it becomes canceled the next month after we've paid sales tax. We'd want to be able to have that new we don't have that record as of the cancelation date, sure,

Speaker 6  1:34:00
and it's going to be nine times out of 10, that is the situation like you are going to see months crossed.

Speaker 4  1:34:09
But aren't we there? Aren't we getting even refunds, just, I mean, true refunds. Like, are you thinking, Is there a way to handle this in the write offs, or no?

Speaker 2  1:34:22
Well, I mean, in that, that refund, like, line item thing that he was talking about there at the end, yeah, like, as far as the write off thing, I am not coming up with any other situations,

Speaker 4  1:34:40
but this, this is, is the next phase, right? Like the refunds, like the situation you're describing, we would cover that. We'll handle it manually for now and then cover

Unknown Speaker  1:34:50
it later.

Speaker 2  1:34:55
So mutas, are you saying you're not planning to write the refund? Comes part of that that we talked about,

Matthias Miller  1:35:03
not yet. Let's divide and conquer. Okay, my vote, there's plenty to especially with breaking, especially with this stuff and with process changes in AR, I think there's plenty to begin to fake.

Speaker 4  1:35:20
So could we just look at an underpayment, or the customer just, you know, sloppy, whatever payment. It's just a slight underpayment. How should that? How are we going to

Matthias Miller  1:35:33
we don't have one. Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:34
I think it's called unreceivable. Is

Matthias Miller  1:35:36
what unreceivable? There you go. So we'd be looking for a small

Speaker 3  1:35:42
receivable, yeah, whatever amount. Okay, here's

Matthias Miller  1:35:46
one cash, $1,000 was the cash received?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:49
Apparently, we don't know. Oh, boy, okay. I um,

Matthias Miller  1:36:03
cash payment. Witnessing.

Speaker 6  1:36:05
Those are the kind of things I just tried to leave the notes I have and say, I hope you have fun figuring it out. Yo, um,

Matthias Miller  1:36:16
here's another one. Oh, here's a here's a penny. Right off. 4058. They paid 4057

Speaker 3  1:36:28
came to the right off this one, right off until 22

Matthias Miller  1:36:35
let's do the let's do the I

Unknown Speaker  1:36:53
yeah, I mean, here's more.

Matthias Miller  1:36:58
See here's here's one that's a little bit more 7785

Matthias Miller  1:37:06
for whatever reason, off by 7785 on a cashier's check.

Speaker 4  1:37:16
So how with with the changes you're going to make is what's going to change on this process so

Matthias Miller  1:37:23
you would have a new row with whatever date, whatever date you want to apply the write off. I mean, presumably you would be

Speaker 6  1:37:32
this is really weird, though, but it looks like the whole thing was refunded.

Matthias Miller  1:37:36
The whole thing was refunded. Fair enough, which means the balance is wrong, right, whatever, because we had to write up, we should have had an inverse should

Speaker 6  1:37:57
be removed, so that it shows its full value again, or

Matthias Miller  1:38:01
given that across periods, perhaps we should have a an overpayment right off. On this one, get it, I don't know, whatever. So in this case, we would, he said, we'll pay. I mean, so in this case, we would have had a 1228 or a 1214 23 entry for 7785 with the write off with the with a unreceivable method, or however we want to call it, and then on the 12, we would have had an overpayment for 7785 as well as a refund check For 6985 23

Matthias Miller  1:38:55
for total, for total

Unknown Speaker  1:38:57
four rows. So

Speaker 4  1:39:06
do we have anyone that's Do we have another overpayment example that's a little more typical, I guess, than

Matthias Miller  1:39:13
overpayment or underpayment or underpayments are.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:17
Let's see what happened here. I Oh, $100 off.

Matthias Miller  1:39:26
I mean, here's, this looks like a good one.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:31
I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:39:33
was this ACH fees, potentially $1,800 we got 17, 9601 the ACH. Is this 399 an underpayment or an ACH fee? Does

Speaker 6  1:39:50
the ACH actually withhold? Typically, the ACH that I'm most familiar with, you're seeing monthly fees charged at a. You know, on their own, but not withheld. What the credit card does? Do you see anything different? Drew,

Speaker 2  1:40:07
I don't know. Um, I mean, would this maybe be, could we have done an ACH poll where, since we're pulling the check, it's going to charge us, and it's just a one time deduction, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:25
Well, I know that Union Grove has been, has been running our lessons back. This is the other way around. But there's,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:38
there's no write off on this one is there? Like, how did it 000?

Matthias Miller  1:40:43
There's a blank row with the write off, sorry. Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:40:49
even better than that, that'll be fun to handle

Unknown Speaker  1:40:51
blank row.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:56
So this is kind of,

Unknown Speaker  1:41:00
this is, in a

Speaker 4  1:41:01
sense, how you're proposing to the changes you're making, where you have a row for the payment and another row for the write off, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:41:09
There's not blank. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:41:10
yes, blink.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:17
Good. Well, I

Speaker 4  1:41:18
think you need to drop the blast. But what, as far as these changes, what's the what time frame are you thinking? Is this two weeks? Three weeks?

Matthias Miller  1:41:31
Well, by the time I head to Delaware for a week and go camping and do all the necessary patriotic celebrations, I suppose I it's I'm not going to have it done. I would be surprised if I had it. I don't know. I might have some pieces in place by by next week, I don't know, but I would be surprised if we get ready to roll it out before? I don't know, early to mid, early to mid July, maybe target date.

Speaker 4  1:42:12
Okay, the other thing that I think at 1030 today, we're planning to look at the credits functionality that you've you've done now I'm just thinking if Leanne, if you're available at that point, it would be helpful to have you join it, I think so that you could,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:32
yeah, because you're obviously going to be teaching your AP people how to use that. I mean, What? What? What do you think Matthias, should we we haven't done a project update in a long time? Should we do that first and do this at, say, 11 o'clock, or

Matthias Miller  1:42:57
I'd be Joel's going to be absent for the project update. I don't know that there's been a ton of activity, if we know that credits, and it has been a long time since we've done it, but we know already what the priorities actually are. And so there's probably not a big loss in just skipping the project update and going and just diving straight into credits and your other sales order stuff that you've got for the sorry, the costing stuff that you've got.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:37
Oh, okay.

Speaker 4  1:43:38
I mean, does 1030 work for you. Leanne, yes,

Speaker 6  1:43:42
I think I can probably try to join. Okay, I know that sounds only partially committed. I just, I'm still, this is the first day that I actually am properly dressed and sitting up in my right mind after a really rough week of this whatever respiratory thing, so we'll just see how my stamina holds out for the rest of the morning, but I should make it through noon, at least, that's the hope. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:12
Well, let's plan for 1030 and then

Unknown Speaker  1:44:17
we'll go from there.

Matthias Miller  1:44:19
Sounds good. I will see you guys.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:23
Thank you. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:24
Thank you good. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai