Matthias Miller  05:38
There we go. Hey, There we go, good morning. How are you feeling better? That that word has always confused me, because I meet people who say I ask that question, they say better, and what they mean is, I feel great, and as in, I feel excellent. And then other people use it to mean, well, there's been an incremental positive improvement, right,

Speaker 1  06:10
right? Yeah, I I'm a big fan of the preciseness of language, so when I say better, I mean better than I was on Friday, exactly, incremental improvement, right? Yeah. I mean, that's what the actual definition of the word,

Speaker 2  06:30
that's what I would that's normally how I yeah, anyway,

Unknown Speaker  06:42
ah, your weekend?

Matthias Miller  06:49
I would say, overall, fairly good. Worked on the one bedroom we're trying to finish up. And anyway, kind of you feel like we got much done, done over the weekend and had some good or the best part of it was yesterday. Last evening, got to spend time as a family. We had a there's a little game called spot it, where you got these little round cards, and you got to match symbols. You got to find, like you have the two players. You try to match symbols on like a stack of cards, and you try to compete to see who, okay, find the most. And we had a little double elimination tournament, tournament as a family, and well, except I never played my wife, so she just went ahead and took the title and ran with it. So, yes, what are you gonna do in

Unknown Speaker  07:52
that situation?

Unknown Speaker  07:53
What are you gonna do in that situation?

Unknown Speaker  07:58
Okay, you win. You win

Matthias Miller  08:01
here. She gets the pleasure of having one. I get the pleasure of feeling like I conceded. So there

Unknown Speaker  08:10
you go. Yeah. So much fun.

Matthias Miller  08:21
Cool. It's been interesting for me to try to sort out what it is that I want and how it fits in with all of what we're doing here. One very interesting observation that I'll make is that I've heard this in various forms, through different individuals, But

Matthias Miller  08:59
the more successful people. Okay, so the difference between small business ownership and most executives is that most Marketing for Small Business Owners is around chaos and crisis management. And with executives, it tends to lean towards quality connections, doubling down on what works, but not the firefighting desperation mode, right?

Matthias Miller  09:41
It's interesting. Which I don't And here's where I find myself. I find myself in i.

Matthias Miller  10:00
This space where

Matthias Miller  10:17
I'm really curious or drawn to or something with the executives at the, you know, at the higher levels. And I don't think it's, you know, I don't know what all it is. I also, I don't, well, and I haven't quite figured out how to sort through kind of the what I felt like was a beckoning to engage with corporate.

Matthias Miller  11:00
Same time, I can totally see with the little thing that I shared with you, there's a lot of wraparound services for the companies in two to 10 that we could. We could support them from a lot of different angles, so the cohorts we've been talking about, but there's other individuals who could you could support them pragmatically, kind of like what Josh shared on the call, like the internal and external co type of idea. Yeah. Anyway, curious to hear what? Well, let me throw this. I want to throw one other thing out. Okay, there, there are three people now who I've had conversations with about me leading some kind of leading, helping lead some kind of peer group, CO or round table type of thing. It's been you, it's been Melvin, and I had a conversation with the C 12 chair, and once again, mostly that was more like a I feel like I'm supposed to do it, but I don't know that it's really aligned, but I still want to explore anyway. I

Speaker 2  12:27
anyway, I would love to hear your thoughts. Cheap process, right? Yeah, wow.

Speaker 1  12:36
Hit the ground running on a Monday morning. Sorry, no, no, it's great, yeah.

Speaker 1  12:52
So with the with the or I'll just call it an org chart, because I don't have better language for this morning that you sent me, what's the overall purpose of The organization?

Matthias Miller  13:11
The overall purpose is building.

Matthias Miller  13:20
Let me uh, building wrap around services to support small, small business or businesses in that revenue range, to give them the tools for give them the tools for growth, I guess. And I'm going to assume that there's some within that range. There's some, you know, we're looking at salt of the earth like,

Speaker 1  13:57
yeah, that makes sense to me. How would you define growth?

Matthias Miller  14:06
Well, that's a fair question. I would say that, okay, the way that I've historically tended to look at growth has been, well, there's been kind of one of two things. Actually, it's not even growth is the wrong metric.

Matthias Miller  14:28
I think if there's anything, it's okay. Well, let's, let's talk layers of consciousness in business. Layer of consciousness, one is growth, which you can gain your way to the fortune, you know, the top or the Forbes high or, Inc, sorry, Inc, highest growth companies, or whatever. That's kind of the Holy Grail. But you can also make yourself bankrupt doing that. But that's kind of the level one of consciousness. Uh, level two of consciousness also financial is, you know, profitability and is net worth. Level three of consciousness is, well, wait a second, let me actually figure out what my goals for the business are. Do I want to do? Do I really want to run a team. Do I really want to have this business? Do I really want to have do do I want, really want massive growth? Do i What is it? What do I want out of it? And then the level four consciousness, I think, comes down to the well, what is God calling me to and what is what, or what is the intersection between, like, level three, I would say, is me going, I mean, still can end up very ego driven. And level four is this goal of what does it look like to collaboratively integrate a interact with God, on what this thing is supposed to look like with God and others, and I feel like will likely engage with people at various stages of that, right? So I think the ultimate goal is, how can we support I think the ultimate goal should be, how can we support people creating businesses at I don't know that. I like the terminology, but for lack of a better term at the highest levels of consciousness, right? It's built around righteousness, peace and joy, why they're supposed to, why they're here.

Speaker 1  17:14
I think from the very beginning, it's really important to get it really clear about what, what the goal is, and repeatedly remind ourselves that this is the goal that we're reaching

Unknown Speaker  17:31
for,

Speaker 1  17:35
because they can get lost really, really easy. I've I've lost it so many times in my life, I've watched people lose the the ethos or the goal so many times, and it's almost like when you get too far down that path, you get too lost. Something catastrophic has to happen to bring you back to the goal. And I'm not opposed to something catastrophic happening, because I know it's not under my control there, but if we, if we're not wasting time, because that's the to me, that's the primary resource the Lord has given us, is this time that we have here.

Matthias Miller  18:30
What I don't know how to reconcile this with is the scope of businesses that I believe most suits this. I don't know if I'm putting too much emphasis on one singular experience or not. That's all the stuff I've been trying to sort through, but I like what you're saying, but going more towards corporate leadership and corporate engagement is a very different type of experience. Yeah,

Speaker 1  19:13
and I almost see a progression happening. And I was kind of wondering what drew you to the smaller business, the blue collar CEO, you know, that kind of thing and and I think, as I thought about and processed it, it's actually it's a really wise thing to start at that level, to get your feet wet, to understand the dynamics to grow into something. So that makes a lot of sense to me, and I think that probably, and this is just a gut feeling, I don't know if this is actually true, but that level of leader is going to be more open. You input, then, you know, the $5 billion a year CEO

Matthias Miller  20:12
there's, at some point, grows on lots of variables. But I some level of narcissism that's required to get there.

Matthias Miller  20:30
I've heard it said some folks working in that space that it's, you know, it's basically a 5050, coin toss as far as what type of person so?

Speaker 1  20:44
Well, that's interesting. That triggers me. Sorry, quite a bit of narcissism needed to be there. I don't know if we had this conversation, but probably about a month ago, like the Lord brought me to this, like looking at the spectrum of human experience, if narcissism is way over here on the left hand side of the spectrum, then for me, what's on the right hand side of the spectrum is love, yeah, and the soil that all of this grows in is knowing, yeah, you know. So on this side is love, and it grows out of the knowing and being known. On this side is the fear of knowing, the avoidance of knowing, but it's all about knowing. So what if, and I say this hypothetically, but with a point behind it, what if, yeah, there is a certain we've made ourselves believe. There's a certain level of narcissism that is required to be at that level, but doesn't there, doesn't there have to be just out of balance a certain level of capacity for love on The other side that balances out that mindset. Great. I Yeah, so what was so shocking about Jesus is the capacity to love. You have all these narcissistic leaders that are so self protective, whether it's their purity of their religion, or it's the purity of their politics or all that kind of stuff, the purity of their business. And he has this purity, but his purity doesn't look like theirs.

Speaker 1  22:38
He has a purity that allows you to make the decisions you're going to make. Doesn't chase after the rich young man who comes up to him says, What do I need to do to get eternal life, right? He walks away, and Jesus watches him like, there's that, there's a there's a settledness, there's there's no chasing there.

Speaker 1  23:11
That is a heavy, heavy burden to carry for us, and I feel like we're being asked to carry it or develop it.

Matthias Miller  23:28
Well, if there's no I almost showed you the video. Andrew Tate did a two part interview with a therapist, first time he's ever done it. This is after he was jailed in Romania, I believe, for sex trafficking charges, or child or sex trafficking charges, and immediately going into it, he's like, I've formed this mindset that depression doesn't exist. If it doesn't exist in that mind, it can't exist for me. And the worst part about being in jail was, was that I had all of these people relying on me, and I couldn't do anything for them. And throughout the the conversation, I mean, that was like, come straight into the conversation with his guards up, and I'm sure you'd see like a bajillion more things than I do, but through the conversation, he starts to lower his guard a bit. But there's such a but his entire worldview is optimized for competition and winning,

Matthias Miller  24:41
right? But the only thing you can do is offer an alternate perspective. Should people choose to accept

Unknown Speaker  24:48
right?

Matthias Miller  24:50
And thinking back to myself for one of the reasons of me i. I

Matthias Miller  25:10
think it's many times when I've tried to persuade people to be ready to

Matthias Miller  25:19
let down their guard, but that was also in some part, you know, for their good, in some part for my own good.

Matthias Miller  25:39
So part of the vision that I see with this is that if we can get the wraparound consulting to be this is actually something that I see as well, this could actually evolve such that it would be not just a freelance business, and that they would then merit time to start. I mean, love at some point to start if we do a podcast with these guys, and do start doing a podcast with the executives.

Speaker 1  26:14
So yeah, something resonates deeply with me. You're talking about the interview that Andrew Tate did like that is a conversation that I would love to be in those types of conversations with people who have created their foundation on this idea and explore that idea. Is it working, you know, and in the intricacies of that, that's what I see. Like, okay, I'm in,

Matthias Miller  26:50
but you're going to get that at a whole other So again, just borrowing other people's at the executive level, the more successful people are, the more interested they are in philosophy of leadership, the $2 million a year owner that I was, I've been working with for the past year, he's just like, I mean, he's basically telling me, we're shooting for 62% growth. Go do it like and there's no nuance to it, no subtlety, no subtlety. And any even attempt to explain subtlety is just like, Aha, like, I don't want to know it. So, so there's this thing that's unsettled at me, because there's also this part of me that says, who's to say, Okay, so again, chat GPT conversation about some of this stuff. I know whatever. Take it. Take it for what it's worth. But the one phrase that left out at me in some of these conversations was complex, intricate operational efficiencies on the on the, on the very rational, pragmatic side of me, I was like, well, that's actually really interesting. So the thing that so here's the thing that I also wrestle with a little bit, which is,

Matthias Miller  28:21
where's What if we just okay, like, there's a imagine that you had a executive leadership group, and the podcast that you were doing was, I mean, it's basically whatever the term is that you imagine that. Okay, I'm sorry. Let me are we just doing the blue collar thing as preparation for something that we're already prepared for and just too timid to step into. I don't know the answer to that, right? Or is it a pragmatic necessity, but one model for this executive thing is imagine that you could have those conversations with Andrew Tate, like, like, like, this one with Andrew Tate, but, but you build a but the podcast isn't public. This is going back to the to the private one. What is there a way in which we can build an executive network community? These these conversations become an invitation to join, and it becomes a think tank forum for exploring foundations and philosophy of leadership, which really is this, which protects people, but it's also the invitation. It also gives them a little bit of what they want, which is, I mean, yes, it's belonging, but it's also like, let's, let's, sorry. So. So it protects the conversation. And this whole thing can be completely covert. Nobody else in the world really has to know that it exists, right? I don't know that it's supposed to, supposed to, but it could be. It protects the conversations. It gives them something that they want, which is, there's, there's two things in my that I hypothesize that they want supported partially by evidence. Well, first of all, it gives them the ability to network with other people, which is a practical value to them, but but also, it gives them a space to have these types of conversations. That they I don't know enough about their worlds, but probably not just a lot of spaces where they can have these types of conversations. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  31:05
hi, man, I like it.

Matthias Miller  31:09
So which one, which one do we lean into? Which one, let me ask this, which one do you want to lean into, or do you

Matthias Miller  31:21
want to lean into both? Or do you want to do want to do them sequentially?

Speaker 1  31:35
I don't have a preference. At least as I sit here this morning, I'm excited about both. I just want to see which one appears, which one presents itself, and by presents itself, and it's like you put the feelers out. Who's interested in the conversation, if it's

Unknown Speaker  32:00
this, you know,

Speaker 1  32:05
top five CEO who's interested in, okay, if it's this, you know, guy in Utah is, you know, $2 million a year business. Okay, just run with what, what presents itself. I feel like, to a certain extent, like I'm a horse in the starting gate, like, just ready to run, just want to go, and I don't know, yeah, I mean, just being really honest, Yeah, I'm ready to run so whatever presents itself, I

Matthias Miller  33:12
Well, I know that within This space, I could, I mean, let's just pick, I don't know if you, if you want a steady stream of addicted entrepreneurs at your door. You know? I know if you folks in in the just as an example, the roofing industry influencers that you could absolutely have a kind of desert story type of or, well, okay, let's, let's kind of conversation with them, with them, and have an absolutely fascinating conversation. Yeah, a

Matthias Miller  34:05
name and a description and a one sentence description that calls out the person you want to work work with and gives them a good reason to talk to you. I

Unknown Speaker  34:23
i think we, we have the name, right,

Unknown Speaker  34:28
the pub in the desert. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  34:44
I don't know that these guys, i.

Matthias Miller  35:07
I mean, can it be just as simple as looking at I mean, he talks about Joshua, talks about overcoming the worst salt of the earth. I think it's more so than your I think business the term business owners, with this group of people, is going to resonate most, more than CEOs, right? Business owners? Yeah, salt of your business owners who overcame the odds

Unknown Speaker  35:39
is that what it is i

Speaker 1  35:47
is or is it that I think that overcoming, overcoming the odds, excludes a certain group of people who are still facing the obstacles, right, or in the midst of it. So something along journey or but that's what the whole desert thing is, right? It's a journey.

Matthias Miller  36:17
Well, it's, it's navigating. I mean, could it be this is maybe not beautiful term, but it's like navigating.

Matthias Miller  36:36
Let's do this. Let me see if anything brings if any information springs from this,

Speaker 1  36:47
yeah, because that whole desert experience, at least, to that that culture, at that time when they heard desert experience, they heard death. Because if you're alone in the desert, you die, but God is calling you out into the desert where it can be just his voice speaking to you, and there is a death that happens.

Matthias Miller  37:13
You want to read this and see if There's anything here that jumps out at you. I

Speaker 1  37:49
Yeah, and even says and John, when he's called out into the desert that He had to go be amongst the wild animals. Hmm,

Speaker 1  38:41
yeah, I like that. You learn to become friends with the discomfort, and that is the true test.

Speaker 1  38:56
Yeah, and there's something more intimate than becoming friends with it. It's almost like you become the desert, become the desert, yeah,

Speaker 1  39:13
and that's the message too throughout the Old Testament, is, is you learn to live with what you need. There's no access here. It's I learned to live with what I need. Hmm,

Speaker 1  39:44
that's a good point after the end event when the heavens open. It was declared. I.

Speaker 1  40:01
Yeah, you're free to eat sand. I love it.

Unknown Speaker  40:10
Yeah, I like it. I like it. Sounds

Matthias Miller  40:13
probably a lot like I'm perioding Kevin here, which I probably am.

Speaker 1  40:17
No, I mean, it's, this is a this is a divine we this is not a me or a you. I think it's a powerful thing because like that, that idea of most people will not so Thoreau said, most men live lives of quiet desperation. And I think that's precisely because that line we talked about before, that line of greatest tension, when you get there, you go, no and go back. But there are some who are compelled there and go, I got nothing else. I gotta move forward. Whatever's out there, death, wild animals, whatever it is I gotta go

Matthias Miller  41:05
something interesting. Andrew Tate said about being in jail was that the one benefit that it has is it took an experience from from unknown to known. Yep,

Speaker 1  41:17
that's so powerful. I've had four or five of those in my life where it was like, there is this experience. I used to have nightmares when I was a kid, and even probably into early adulthood, about doing something wrong, getting arrested and going to jail. Like a nightmare was going to jail. I've seen all the movies, you know, all that kind of stuff, of what it's like to be in jail, and heard the stories, and you know, it was like never been to jail, but that out there, but the fear so intense, and then over time, having these different experiences. It's like my fear is just worn away. It's just worn away so it takes it from the unknown and makes it known. The worst thing that could happen is this, conceptually, okay, this happens. I survived. I learned some things in it. Now it's not the worst thing that could happen.

Unknown Speaker  42:28
Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  42:39
Let's see if we can

Speaker 1  42:44
here's the tag on what if the worst thing that could happen is actually the best thing that could happen.

Unknown Speaker  43:00
That's really interesting. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  43:06
are we willing to consider that?

Matthias Miller  43:16
Okay, so how do you phrase that in a way that it's not just the people, people who are in the worst thing Right now,

Unknown Speaker  43:35
the worst thing That could happen happens. I

Matthias Miller  44:00
What did the worst thing that could happen does happen, and what if, when it happens, it's the best thing that could have happened, right?

Speaker 1  44:17
Because if you've been through that experience, you know it's true, yeah? But if you haven't been through that experience, sounds like lunacy,

Matthias Miller  44:31
and we need to normalize, yeah? Lunacy? Yeah, that's

Speaker 1  44:42
what the decision disciples This is what freaks them out, right? Jesus is very clear with, I'm going up to Jerusalem and I'm going to die. No, that is the worst thing that could happen. That's lunacy. You're crazy. You.

Unknown Speaker  45:01
That's exactly what happens and

Speaker 2  45:26
so in This the real hook is,

Matthias Miller  45:42
it's really, I kind of think, in the podcast, at least in the micro Podcast, the podcast itself is just a Simple question, what like, what is the worst thing? I have you had an experience from the worst thing that could happen to you, happen to you whether you're through it or not, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  46:19
better if you're not, then we can walk through that with you. Yeah, great, if you have, I hear that story too.

Matthias Miller  46:38
Yeah. Well, I mean, we can, we can explicitly.

Matthias Miller  46:52
We could explicitly talk about this, ultimately, your business owners tell the stories of the worst thing that has that happened let's try this share how to walk through the worst things that have happened, even when what's happened to to you,

Matthias Miller  47:38
even if You can't see how it will Turn out yet, basically.

Matthias Miller  48:01
So podcast where so salt of your business owners share how they are walking through the worst thing, worst thing that has ever happened to them. I you, even though they can't see how it will turn out yet. All right,

Unknown Speaker  48:34
that's compelling,

Matthias Miller  48:38
dude. That's a that puts even the listeners, that puts you smack dab in the middle of it's, it's almost poor man, because, I mean, there's a few movies like this. What was the name? The one unbroken, where there's this very clear. It's like the movie is set up perfectly for the perfect ending, and you get to the end and it's just this anticlimactic and or can't remember that the other, the other movie ever seen, is it

Matthias Miller  49:29
the movie about a sports figure, a female sports figure who, I think a female sports figure who, who I can't even remember the details, and Then, just like dies at the end of the movie.

Unknown Speaker  49:45
Jillian dollar, baby,

Unknown Speaker  49:46
there you go. That's what. That's what, yeah. Hillary Swank,

Unknown Speaker  49:49
yeah.

Matthias Miller  49:50
So there's this feeling to it every podcast, we're so conditioned to be. Hearing stories of triumph, right? And to leave people smack dab in the middle of the tension of like, yeah, I don't know, yeah. I don't know how this is going to turn out.

Unknown Speaker  50:12
Don't know how this is going to turn out. Not sure.

Matthias Miller  50:17
And there's this interesting battle between, denying denying reality, like I'm just going to be hyper optimistic,

Speaker 1  50:29
or the other side of the spectrum, or, like, really depressed and withered, yeah,

Speaker 2  50:37
yeah, right, yeah, wow,

Unknown Speaker  50:50
that's something there

Matthias Miller  50:53
that's compelling. I like it all right, so let me go find Josh's Schedule A can let's go find A time to talk to him. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  51:04
that's compelling. You.

Unknown Speaker  51:34
Time tomorrow afternoon or no luck, real quick. I

Speaker 1  51:47
Yes, I'm free between 1130 and 130 my time tomorrow,

Speaker 2  51:55
1130 to 130 which is 1230 to 230 Heaven, free. So let's do How about what if you

Matthias Miller  52:22
what if we did 130 my time,

Speaker 1  52:26
which is 30 my time? Yeah, that works for me.

Matthias Miller  53:16
Okay, and by the way, after eons, of you random add moment, but you talking to me way back about stillness practices and centering, prayer and all this stuff, I finally went and hired myself a sorry, $8 an hour therapist off of work to do nothing but hold space for my stillness practices, which basically means there's somebody waiting for me to show up, which is still probably not the ultimate thing in self discipline, but it's a tool, and it's been very helpful. Awesome. Yeah, and I've been doing a year and a half ago, a little over a year ago, one of my business somebody in my business network recommended self, that book, self therapy to me, which is like the manual on ifs Yeah. And so I've also been in whatever limited methodologies, actually been using that in my stillness practice. And there's been this incredible sense of groundedness that's been emerging that's almost makes it it's almost like a I finally found the dial that I can turn to get to that place, and then just allowing things to emerge, and dealing with things that come up, and trusting that the domino effect is going to work out. It's been a very interesting experience, a crime of. Grace will fall. The Crumb of grace will fall. Yeah,

Speaker 1  55:08
the longer I go, the more I talk to people, the more I live with myself, the more i i Come to see that it is so vastly important to understand that concept, that the crumb of grace will fall that I am sitting under the table waiting for something to fall

Matthias Miller  55:30
well in, I mean, we live, at least I have, especially from where I come from, in such a hyper rationalistic world and even society that says, Okay, go find the lever to pull that makes this happen. Yep, and what if there's just a level lever to pull that makes good things happen? And like, what if you can't trace or, I mean, maybe there's not even, what if? What if there's not even a lever to pull right?

Speaker 1  56:05
What if? What if the goodness is all around me always and I just have to sit still to have it fall. I

Matthias Miller  56:21
have a friend of mine who challenged me with this stuff, and I was like, you know the cons constant, do? Do have be, be, do have all that? He's like, Oh, that's wrong. It's have be, do, because you already have, and from you're already having, you can be. I'm like, yes, I've seen that. I've seen the play out, but I've not heard a lot of people talking about that. No,

Speaker 1  56:45
I was seeing it last night. We went out to get dinner. You're running around doing errands, like we'll pick up something, come back, we're sitting at the table, and it struck me every time we're sitting at the table, my dog sits right by my feet, and he has learned that he's six months old. He has learned that there's something that's going to fall by my feet.

Unknown Speaker  57:10
I love it, and he

Speaker 1  57:11
used to whine and he he doesn't want anymore. He just knows that something's going to fall. He knows me well enough to know that I'm gonna be sloppy and it's gonna fall and he's gonna get something

Unknown Speaker  57:27
that's awesome. Um, do you have any thoughts on these guys?

Unknown Speaker  57:35
Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  57:47
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  58:00
I'm drawn to number one.

Unknown Speaker  58:14
I wonder if,

Speaker 1  58:21
and I don't know logos and what's too much, what's not enough, you know, all that kind of stuff. I don't know that, admittedly, but I wonder if we could make we could have like, almost like, a scene of it being a pub, and, you know, the few components that make it look like a pub, and characterized versions of the fox and the sparrow, like across the table with a each one of them has a pint in front of them, because that brings In the brings in the conversation, right the connection? I

Matthias Miller  59:17
I don't know this is one. This is always very sometimes it gets too complex, right?

Unknown Speaker  59:34
I like it. Love

Matthias Miller  59:41
how it tried to label the points, right?

Speaker 1  59:46
I mean, you don't want anybody, you don't want it to share. I mean, you got to know which one's yours. Yeah, there's this guy. He makes YouTube videos. He's. A a priest in the church of England, and he's a poet, and he's obsessed with CS Lewis and Tolkien and Arthurian legend and that kind of thing. And he makes these YouTube videos, and they're so utterly cheesy, but I love them. I'll send you one like, at the beginning, Somebody's knocking on the door, and it's like, a point of view kind of thing, and they open the door, and he's like, Come in. Welcome. I'm so glad you're here. I've been busy, and I've been looking forward to this conversation. And he sits down, and he'll just, it looks like this. His office looks like this. And he just like, starts talking about the Voyage of the Dawn Treader or something like that. And it is, I gotta send it to you, because I've been obsessed with this guy. So good. But it reminds me of that like that is,

Matthias Miller  1:00:59
that is cool. All right, let me see what this this designer might regret having sold this this, but she did.

Speaker 2  1:01:16
Let's do the delivery from Rachel. We're going to do this delivery. I'm not ready yet. Revisions. All right, let's see if I can tape this up without getting Trouble. I

Matthias Miller  1:02:50
um, do you care about text format? What do you mean? Like the total circle, the circle around the top versus the top?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:14
I really don't

Matthias Miller  1:03:19
I have a fairly strong preference for the bottom, just because it's more versatile, versatile. Like you can, you could. This can be standalone, and like you can have a horizontal format. If you want to

Speaker 1  1:03:39
right. You can move it around. You move it around. Yeah. I mean, I really don't like to me. And this is from an absolute novice in this area, obviously, like, as long as it flows and it looks good to the eye, like, I'm cool with it, sure.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:59
All right, let me just do

Matthias Miller  1:04:29
let's just leave it out if we genuinely want to choose the best. And I'll do that. I

Unknown Speaker  1:04:44
good to you. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:48
I'll see what I gotta say,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:52
they usually get back pretty quick, or,

Matthias Miller  1:04:54
yeah, a few days. Okay, yeah. Cool. All right. Well, that was fun. I had a guy who also randomly reached out to me, and he's like, post on Facebook. He's like, I can generate, I'll generate 10 leads for somebody, for you know, at no cost, basically, to prove that I can do it. I'm like, Sure. Why not go find me folks in my area who are looking for fractional co so I'll see what he comes up with. But anyway, between, I'm sure Josh, Josh has some ideas, or, yeah, Josh has ideas on how to generate this stuff. And I mean, if you anyway, I don't know that there's much more to talk about good stuff.

Speaker 1  1:05:48
Yeah, yep, it's going it's going somewhere. It's about to hit. I think we're just preparing ourselves for, or he's preparing us for what's coming. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:03
yeah. What a really, really interesting place to be in. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:06:12
the desert. The desert, fascinating place. So I

Unknown Speaker  1:06:18
gotta, I gotta show you one Other thing, yeah, I, I posted This. I

Unknown Speaker  1:07:32
I, yeah, I like that.

Matthias Miller  1:07:41
What blew me away was the engagement, one of the most engaged posts to the last three months, probably especially for anything, maybe even last six, even for something that's, you know, now just the bird pooped on my phone, kind of thing, right?

Speaker 1  1:08:05
This is the worst thing that happened to me. So good. There's a part of me that as I go deeper down this hole with people and with myself, that I start to recognize that everybody has the tendency towards being a high control person. We all do, yeah, you know, all of us have cult like tendencies in us. All of us have methods of control, like all of us and like, if we could just talk about all of our ways, and just put it out on the table and go, Yeah, I've done this wasn't great. I experienced this wasn't great.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:49
Wow, wow. That's what I learned

Unknown Speaker  1:08:51
from it,

Matthias Miller  1:08:55
well and from the, I mean, from the very fundamental perspective of knowing and being known and self protection. I mean, there is no self protection without control. Yeah, you have to,

Matthias Miller  1:09:16
well, you could have a you can write your new book. Your book can be titled 401 ways to 401 ways that will never ways that that will never admit to having controlled other people or something. Right?

Speaker 1  1:09:37
Exactly, a million ways I've controlled people, but deceived myself to believe that I wasn't controlling

Matthias Miller  1:09:48
well. Or, yeah, yeah, you know, a million ways I've controlled people and lied to myself to say that I didn't right. I. That's, yeah, very interesting. Anyway, yeah, love it.

Speaker 1  1:10:08
All right, all right, my friend, I'll see you this afternoon. Okay, sounds good. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai