Unknown Speaker  00:24
Hey, Matt, hey,

Matthias Miller  00:28
all right, so let me just Double check the numbers. See advertising cost. Okay, so, 70k okay, so let me I'm hoping to have a sharp eye in case I made mistakes so, but I did my best here. Which is a weird statement, nah. I was just like, Screw it, like we'll put in whatever we want. Okay, so whether this thing balances out, we need a number to say we can allocate this much margin to Sales and Marketing for this to break even, and really it has to stay within that number, because we need everything else on the note, okay, and I don't know what that number should be like marketing now is that so currently, Eric, We something like 14, no nine and a half like at 16.5% Does that sound about

Unknown Speaker  01:47
for close rate?

Matthias Miller  01:49
No, I'm sorry. This is sorry. This is the total the nine and a half percent for marketing plus commission.

Speaker 1  02:00
Oh, right, yeah, because I didn't, I did not account for the commission in because I was going off of our P and L statement for quarter one. Okay,

Matthias Miller  02:12
so CPL, then he had said it's $74 which is really painful. Closer

Unknown Speaker  02:21
to, let's call it 75 actually.

Matthias Miller  02:25
So here's here's the problem. We're going to spend more for the new for new leads that we get in. I don't think we're going to spend 50% more, but we could still spend, I don't know, 30% more. Now, we can run this two ways, if you want to make the cash flow accurate, then we we make all the leads for the new salesperson expensive, okay? Because it is going to be, it is going to impact cash flow, but it's going to make the sales person look bad, right? So for this, in this case, I'm saying leads are coming in at $98 $98 a lead. Okay? Sales targets are set at three, at two for each, each of them, newbie selling, average sale of 7500 which I think is about what, what Caleb was doing. I'm sure your father in law's name do you want to

Speaker 1  03:21
have? Yeah, let's, let's call him

Matthias Miller  03:25
Patrick. Patrick. It's a little less weird than expected. Close rate. This one's tough, because if newbie closes walk ins, then it takes it up. But historically, I've seen newbie styles. I mean, closing, maybe five, maybe seven and a half. I don't know where to put this

Speaker 1  03:49
number. I would, I would say middle of the road. So not not doom and gloom, but also not pie in the sky.

Matthias Miller  03:59
So, and I don't know where that is. I mean, I would 8.5 like, I don't know is that

Speaker 1  04:08
that works? Okay? I'd say Patrick is very much wired to close walk ins. Okay, so I think the expected close rate is fairly accurate, understanding that those walk ins help him. Okay,

Matthias Miller  04:23
no, do you think, but then, do you think that he can sell enough online that he'll still still be workable?

Speaker 1  04:35
I do, yeah, he's, he's, he's going to be more phone than email or text. Okay, he's an he's his sales experience started out in pharmaceuticals, so his background is way more old school sales, not tech sales, but he is. He's very. He, he has the bandwidth to be techie, to be techie enough. No, I mean, he's not. He's, I would say his bandwidth is similar to mine, so not like Eric's or yours, as far as Okay, so he can

Matthias Miller  05:16
follow, but then we need to compensate. He can follow orders, but in some sense, then don't we need to compensate? There needs to be some difference in expected close rates between these two. I would think, or no, are you still thinking they're basically the same?

Speaker 1  05:29
I think, I think they would be somewhat the same, only because I it's still hard for me to wrap my mind around Caleb's numbers, right? Like there were, he was an anomaly in the report that we were running. And it's because, like, I worked Saturday of last week, and we sold four buildings, two of which were, were walk ins. And it's just hard to say, like, where that lead came from so right now, yeah, so I don't know, like right now, if you look at my last five days of sales, I look like a guru. And I don't think I am. I just think it's that time of year, and I just don't not to give, not to have false humility. I know how to I know how to work a lead well. But I think talking to walk ins this time of year versus February is very different, or even later in the year. So there's a lot, there's a lot in favor. So I think with Patrick, if we wanted to be a little conservative, maybe we do 17 or 16% close rate. He's gonna, he's gonna get on the for remote sales. He's gonna get on the phone, um, he will send emails with the quotes, but he's, he is a he'll call people like crazy.

Matthias Miller  07:00
Well, I mean, that's but that's going to take him up to, I mean, whatever, 17 point if he, if he this, drives me batty every time I get to come across it. I don't want to bother people. I like, Oh, shut up. And pick up the phone and call so that's wonderful news. So, and I don't know where any so are you comfortable with these close rates as they are? Yeah, okay, so then retainer, he's the only one with the retainer, which I've got in here. Yep, four and a half. And I put these at six and a half. We can look at the numbers. Or do you want to bump into

Unknown Speaker  07:40
seven right away, to have it bump them, bump them right away.

Matthias Miller  07:44
And is seven the right number there? Yeah.

Speaker 1  07:50
I mean, so in the nick the initial like negotiation phase seven to nine is what Patrick said.

Matthias Miller  07:59
Put him at eight. Yeah,

Speaker 1  08:01
let's do that. And then I'm, I'm fine with the seven there. I

Matthias Miller  08:05
think you can hit these numbers great with I mean, I anyway, we will look at these numbers. Okay, ramp time. This is, this is how long until they're hitting their monthly quotas. Basically, yeah, beyond training. But it's like, so I'm going to say, newbie never been in sales before. You're going to need I don't know if you're training on sales skills. What do you think? How many months until he starts hitting quotas?

Speaker 1  08:30
Yeah, it's hard to say with newbie like so, for example, I look at me when I was a newbie, I was new to sales, but I had a recruiting background, so, right? I had a background in closing deals. So I like, if it's somebody, like, with some sort of form of experience like that, then I would say it's a it's a shorter ramp up time. If we're talking about realistically looking at Caleb, it was six, six to seven months.

Matthias Miller  09:01
Okay, so, so six to seven, six and a half is the longest. The shortest is for you, what was yours like?

Speaker 1  09:09
My, my, well, it was COVID. So that's hard to say. But my second month, I my second month I had sold, on average, just over one shed a day. So it was good.

Matthias Miller  09:26
So we would probably say four and a half months. Well, that's not, that's not going to help me. This has to be a whole number four or five months pick.

Unknown Speaker  09:34
Let's say five, four months for the

Matthias Miller  09:38
I mean, and are these guys four months to get up to quota. I

Speaker 1  09:42
think so. The caveat would be, if the other the third option, Josh is higher, already has industry experience, right, that significantly cuts the ramp up time just because they already have building knowledge.

Matthias Miller  09:58
But we don't want to. Yeah, by the way, this is a fascinating conversation I've had other places, but combination, this is just, I find this extremely fascinating. Internal sales is hard to make work with separate dealer locations because the overhead doesn't pencil out. And also having construction experience can be a plus. Salesmanship could be a fairly strong asset in building trust, although it's not a it's not a requirement or a necessity, but, but some of the sales folks that I've seen had the best success have been, have had some similar construction tape, yeah, all right, success, probability. Plug it in at 45% 85% 85% Yep. And I'm doing this so that we can do poker math. And so we can, we can look at numbers with and without poker math at play. So now we do. You're gonna hide these so we don't get distracted. More row, actions, rows. Okay, so then that puts us Angel commission at 90 target marketing percent is completely bogus. Why is this wrong? We have c9 This is because it's supposed to be C 10. So we're going to be spending 15% because of because of close rates. We're gonna be spending 15% of budget on marketing compensation will be 20% of revenue. So this is, this is basically taking the lead price divided by the average sale price divided by the average close rate, close percentage, the compensation as percentage of revenue, is just this plus the this should have another decimal, which would help clarify it just a little bit here. Let's do this.

Speaker 1  12:16
Does your sorry to interrupt? Does your Josh hire equation account for the finder's fee.

Matthias Miller  12:24
There's a finder's fee, not in the total compensation, but it does the cash flow. Okay, great. So then here, Patrick gets 160 if he hits his two. This is the annual commission. This is not first year, but annual commission. Okay? And total annual comp 186 marketing percentage puts about 7% and comp percentage these, this is where I say lead prices are killing you, like these numbers just look crazy to me. But anyway, compensation has percentage of revenue, it puts it at 16.8 Josh higher. You're paying 140k target marketing. Percentage is six and a half percent. Percentage of revenue is 13.1% now on the first year, though, Patrick and Josh look very similar, because your finders fee and training comes out ballparky to Patrick's retainer. So subsequent years is we're gonna see the difference. Okay, so now let's go down into here. So here's how this is broken out. I put together seasonality curve on a three month rolling average. Where do you sell the most throughout the year? Most, or least, running from July to June. So here's the full goal for each of them. They all have the same goal. We both, and I don't know if it well anyway. And then we have the sales capacity. Sales capacity is basically, it's, it's the it's the ramp up time across five months times the No, it's just ramp up time. So you expect, so this means that the first month, we expect newbie to sell 13k 26k 5154 55 and then by the time they get here, all right, this is not Oh, this is probability adjusted, not doing poker math, we expect them to hit 3060, and 114 121, 23 and then here, by December, they'll drop down a little bit because of seasonality, but they'll be on pace marketing spend then is saying they need to sell for a. They need to sell four buildings. Four buildings require their close rate, four divided by point, oh, eight. They're going to require 47 leads, $100 a lead. That's $4,700 this is not this is now I'm throwing myself out because I thought I checked and rechecked these numbers. No, we're saying we're gonna give him 180k worth of leads because he's gonna need we may not need to ramp marketing up that fast, but I'm uh, we're spending the marketing budget as if he were at full capacity. Now, we could spend the marketing budget based off of its sales capacity, which makes marketing less expensive during the training period. Does that make sense

Unknown Speaker  15:59
a little bit, yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:02
Like do you start to do? Do you immediately out of the gate? Try to get him. Get him to give him 100 leads. Sorry, 50. No. Do you out of the gate? How many is it? 181? Divided by 7.5, divided point 085, do you give him almost 300 leads right out of the gate? Because that's what Eric's getting right now.

Speaker 1  16:33
That's a good question. I think I would have to read on, read the individual, if they seemed, if they seem to have the grit and resilience to handle that type of a competitive environment that and they're motivated by it, then that's one thing with but with a new person, I could also see them crippling under the whether it's personal expectation of themselves or what they perceive us to have of them. For a newbie, I would, I would, I would give these other two guys that I would say, let's give them, let's make it, let's get them hungry. Like, sure. I would rather them feel like, oh gosh, I have, I want them to feel busy, right? Is there? Is that 300 number? Is that after we've changed the like after losing Caleb?

Matthias Miller  17:37
That's a good point, because we don't actually need how many leads are we already paying for that they would get? What do we wait does marketing? Do you actually need to increase marketing?

Unknown Speaker  17:51
I don't think so.

Speaker 1  17:58
I'm at the point where I really question the majority of what came out of Caleb, Caleb's mouth, just because, just because of the reports. So at previous I was, I was doing a lackluster job of accountability and digging into the weeds to look at his labor. Yeah, because there was a there were enough sales that I wasn't, like, it wasn't, it wasn't loud enough to get, get me off of all my other stuff. Yes. So now that we're actually digging into it, I don't, I don't know when he says he's slow, because originally, Caleb was like, yeah, it's dead. It's slow. The data shows that he actually had plenty of leads to work, and they just weren't being worked.

Matthias Miller  18:48
I'm not surprised. Little side note, this is one of the frustrating things about business, but all the money is made in being anal about the details and yeah, management like anyway,

Speaker 1  19:03
that's why I really like this stuff, because I don't, frankly, like, I just don't have the mind to see all this naturally by myself. So I really do appreciate the partnership here.

Matthias Miller  19:16
I This is fun to me. I think you're the, really, the first client. I've had other clients, and they just roll their eyes at this stuff. And it's like, white, like, just make a gut decision. And I'm like, screw that. Like, why would you do that? Yeah,

Speaker 1  19:30
anyway, I think, I think I really do believe other than like, like, a pandemic or something. I really believe, like, if you apply this same idea to how you somebody were to do, like sports betting, which I do, I do not do, but if I did, I would do it in a way where the math says I, I will win in the long run no matter what. I'm not, I'm not doing a gut feeling of like, ah. Feel like this team's going to pull it off today. No, like, that's not what I'm doing. So I don't, yeah, I was talking

Matthias Miller  20:07
to the guy recently who was trying to wrap his head around I've been trying to simplify what it is I do for people, because I'm way over most people's heads, unfortunately, and it gets in the way of business. And he's like, he looks at me and he's like, you're the money ball guy. Like, yeah, okay, and I went back and re watched it. I'm like, Yeah, I would, I would hate to think that I'm actually that introverted and that much of a Yeah, you know, with pocket protector guy, but,

Speaker 1  20:35
right? Yeah, those are, those aren't the traits, but from a sports world, when you're talking about most guys that just take things at a glance and then you come out with spreadsheets. That's that's probably what they're thinking. But I should actually watch that movie again too, because it is I, I, for me, honestly, the it, I'll be able to wrap my head around this stuff much quicker if I can find a parallel to the sports

Matthias Miller  21:02
world. Well, you and I need to, if we can find the time I can't, in the next well, I don't know if we can or not, next month or so, but that'd be a fun movie to watch together. Yeah. So absolutely okay, I'm going to nix marketing, and this is going to make all the numbers look just absolutely stunningly beautiful. But now the budget, because we're not spending for, for now, we need a sale. Let's just do a what kind of budget do we do? We just put in a 7% I don't know. I don't know what budget you put in here for, for this, if you next marketing, because we're already spending for

Speaker 1  21:45
it, yeah, sorry, where, where are you at on here?

Matthias Miller  21:49
If you how much, how much can you spend on sales? If you had to, and be happy

Speaker 1  22:01
for me to be happy our marketing budget would be 6% okay, so that's, that's what other marketing, that's what marketing. And the how I come with up with that number is that's what most marketing firms who are trying to sell me their service tell that's what they're telling me, hey, you should be anything over about 6% you're probably overspending anything under that, you're probably missing out on opportunities.

Matthias Miller  22:33
And that's include, that's full marketing, including paying the agency Right,

Speaker 1  22:37
correct. And that's because I've that's that. So that marketing expense I gave you includes that, by

Matthias Miller  22:44
the way, we're going to, I want to talk to you sometime about Facebook ads as well, but we're about to start them. Are you doing it? Yeah, with life. X,

Speaker 1  22:54
well, they don't necessarily want to do it, so Rachel's willing. She's kind of collaborating with life. X, but we're starting to start called, called a lightning sale, which is, I take, I pick a building up off of our inventory that needs to get moved, and we do a more aggressive sale than that, anybody would be able to get for anything else we're offering. And it's for a one week at a time, thanks. So it's 12% discount. I like it, yeah, and so. But I think I should. I don't know if we do a I don't I don't know if you have an opinion on this. I don't know if we market it as a percentage or as the actual dollar amount off.

Matthias Miller  23:38
I just you would love this again. Love this. Let me, I have I got connected with this lady online who is a studies consumer behavior. Oh, yeah, did you? Did you know that ending ending in a seven or nine has no impact, and that ending in a zero makes it most premium products end with a zero or zero. So multiple, repeated, but so certain valid consonant sounds. It the size of the price actually, statistically through research, depends more of the number of syllables than it does on the number. So when sales prices are rehearsed in English, a 28.4% discount 20 28.4 is perceived as greater than a 29 point. Now that doesn't make sense. No, it's because of the it's because of the second price to down to $11 to 788, 701, i. Don't know. This doesn't make sense. I'm not understanding their logic. But there is, there is, there's consumer behavioral studies on perception of discounts, and it would probably answer this research paper would probably get close to answering about how you should present the discount. Okay, awesome. Run it through chat GPT and have it help you figure out what to do. Yeah. Okay, so, so we're mixing marketing, so that means that, but currently, if you get it down to 6%

Matthias Miller  25:38
I mean, this still doesn't really give you an answer for we're just going to do it zero, and this isn't right, but we'll get there. Okay, so on the newbie, we're spending three, 900 it's 2250, for 40 hours a week, for four weeks, for four and a third weeks. So we're spending a total of almost 12 grand on the on the higher, no retainer. Their commission is 68.894,

Matthias Miller  26:17
this. This was the intended to be a profit percentage that this is really where it's necessary. Let's say that we're taking everything out of 10% of the building total revenue. So first month, we were upside down, first few months, we're upside down a few grand. And then net cash gain off of that is 145 so does the does the 10% number make sense, and how we use that as a basis for making or losing money on this person? Not really. I think I mean, the other way to do this that could be really useful is, do you have any number that's what is building? What is revenue, less cogs, less labor, less overhead. I mean, what is your you know this better than I am. What's the term for this, what's the gross, gross margin, less overhead? Yeah, possibly less profit, target profit percentage, which you need about, you need about 10% on the for the note, you

Matthias Miller  27:46
but we do need that number to be able to tell whether these numbers are going to work.

Speaker 1  27:52
Yeah, I can give you a cogs percentage, a rough

Matthias Miller  28:01
well, okay, yeah, just second.

Speaker 1  28:08
This is an estimate. I haven't it's pretty close, but it's not, I wouldn't. Yeah, let's put your life on

Matthias Miller  28:22
it. You'll be able to, you'll be able to run numbers, yeah. I mean, you'll be able to, I'll share this. You can tweet the numbers.

Speaker 1  28:29
Yes. So I do have, so what I do have is a spreadsheet that does provide cogs. What I don't have, what I have not done as of lately, is

Matthias Miller  28:46
production labor?

Speaker 1  28:48
Updated, yeah, updated that so we were at when we started last year, before there was an inflation on some of our materials. We were at for roughly 45% cogs, which is really good. I would say we're probably closer to the 48% now.

Matthias Miller  29:10
Okay, so then, do you have any estimation of which?

Matthias Miller  29:22
See? Let me check something here, material that's

Speaker 1  29:35
we were the company was in a really healthy spot prior to the transaction of the sale, yep, and the market was not requiring us to be more competitive than we were with pricing. Okay, so, so we were actually doing pretty well with our cogs, but we lost purchasing power, and so. Now I'm spending, I'm spending more money on certain like our siding material. I'm spending approximately $7 more per sheet. So I went from $42 a sheet to $49 a sheet. Yeah, and so stuff like that is, what is it? But I didn't, I didn't change our retail pricing, because I still felt like, I still felt like we were doing okay. But right now I'm like, I I am in a place where I think we need to be a little more competitive aggressive.

Matthias Miller  30:42
You should. I mean, this probably is a separate conversation, but we should perhaps take a look at costing at some point. Yeah. What do you think is production, labor, ballpark? Sorry, just a second.

Unknown Speaker  30:59
I second our production and labor. I can give you a price per building, if that typically a

Matthias Miller  31:17
second.

Unknown Speaker  31:22
So if the base well,

Matthias Miller  31:32
okay,

Unknown Speaker  31:42
I don't have a fast answer for that one.

Matthias Miller  31:45
Can we make something up in the short term?

Speaker 1  31:47
Yeah, so let's say we sell a build. Let's do for simple math, sell a building for,

Unknown Speaker  31:55
I don't know, $5,000

Speaker 1  31:57
okay? A builder, their base pay is 7.2%

Matthias Miller  32:05
okay, and then they might get, is there any and then beyond, like, is that split out across the roofing and framing and everything, or is that, is there additional?

Speaker 1  32:24
There's additional, so, yeah, so that's just the framer, and then there's so that's like the base before there's any additional features on the structure. So the way that we have it broken down on there, because we have a spreadsheet that a builder gets that shows them their base percentage rate, and then we have fixed dollar rates per feature. So like for one door opening, they get $15 Sure, instead of a percentage, it's just a fixed dollar amount. So in this case, this builder made, let's do this for seven actually, let's use this paper I'm looking at. So instead of 5000 the base price of a this building, oh, it's got interior finish. Of course it does. You.

Matthias Miller  33:25
Okay, this is a good one.

Unknown Speaker  33:29
So this building is the

Speaker 1  33:41
the selling for

Matthias Miller  33:48
let's go manage inventory.

Matthias Miller  33:55
Serial number 63

Speaker 1  34:01
Okay, so the retail price is 7000 more, 9055,

Matthias Miller  34:11
okay, and they got how much?

Speaker 1  34:15
Well, they're the framer. Got 424,

Matthias Miller  34:21
sorry, what do you have a grand total? What everybody got? Do you want to give it to me in

Unknown Speaker  34:25
pieces? I can give you a grand total just

Matthias Miller  34:29
second. I have to just add it up.

Speaker 1  34:51
So to build this shed the labor cost in in the faci. Facility was $762.73

Matthias Miller  35:06
okay? And then there's production, overhead, staff overhead.

Speaker 1  35:12
Well, then you got to also add the commission fee into that building. So let's use Eric as the example, because,

Matthias Miller  35:18
well, that's actually but, but that's actually we're figuring for what's the way that we have in the commission. So, yeah, okay, do you think your overhead is five? You know, do you think 5% between production and non production overhead? Is it more than that? Not accounting for the note? Yeah,

Speaker 1  35:37
so not accounting for the note, then we would need to do. Let's

Matthias Miller  35:45
see here,

Unknown Speaker  35:50
if I'm looking at our P and L statement,

Matthias Miller  35:58
here we go, it should be the number we're after should be net profit minus about 10%

Speaker 1  36:08
okay, so quarter one's always a rough quarter in the shed world. From my understanding, our net profit was,

Matthias Miller  36:18
oh, go ahead, 12 months.

Unknown Speaker  36:22
Oh, yeah, I could go, we could use last year's numbers,

Matthias Miller  36:26
yeah, either calendar year through May, June to May.

Speaker 1  36:31
Yeah, I'll have to. I'll just have to use calendar year due to, oh no.

Matthias Miller  36:49
It would be, it would actually be net plus net minus. Note plus commission, okay,

Unknown Speaker  37:13
worse, but if you can,

Matthias Miller  37:20
I mean, we could, we could, we could add it up here, if you

Unknown Speaker  37:25
look, okay, here just second, sorry.

Unknown Speaker  37:29
Total year to date, net income, well, oh,

Matthias Miller  37:37
let's see if, how she did this with the note

Speaker 1  37:42
on the P and L, the net income at of that was ran at the end of December of last year, year to date, was $16,068.20 however,

Matthias Miller  37:59
so was the note expensed out?

Unknown Speaker  38:03
Yes,

Speaker 1  38:10
for it, it was partially expensed out. So we, we actually paid, I mean, we actually, we had a short term loan from the Virginia Company for the first note, and then we covered the second note and paid back the first note. Sorry,

Matthias Miller  38:32
pay back the loan so you effectively paid the note for the entire year. Okay, so, so then, what's your total commission? I been paid out as a percentage of revenue.

Matthias Miller  38:57
What's the net income as well? It's not that much as a percentage, yeah, but what also, what's the income as percentage of revenue total?

Unknown Speaker  39:17
Yeah, see, this can't be, right. That's for, that's not that

Unknown Speaker  39:25
total.

Speaker 1  39:29
Oh, you know what that might have been. I'm sorry, that was our net income for the month of December. Oh, that makes more sense. Yeah. Sorry, I'm, I'm, honestly, I'm, I don't have a fast alien without and I don't have access to her. I don't know how to run the Quick Reports through QuickBooks the way she does

Matthias Miller  39:51
here. Can I Okay? So we're going to take I'm.

Matthias Miller  40:05
To be taking this down to zero doesn't make sense. We have the and this is where having a having that percentage is would be tremendously useful. I mean, we know it was.

Matthias Miller  40:39
I mean, realistically, we think he probably spent maybe six combined commission might have been something like 6%

Speaker 1  40:51
probably Eric didn't. Eric worked three of the four quarters of the year, and then the first quarter was very inexpensive for commissions, we're looking at like 3% so the first three months was 3% and then if I sold stuff, I didn't collect commission, because I'm on a salary.

Matthias Miller  41:20
So the first three months are 22% are a fourth of the year, not quite it's under a fourth of the fifth of the year. And plus he would, plus Caleb was still selling throughout which which, every sale was taking commission down proportionally. So we're going to play with this number, and let's see if it makes sense. Let me see if I can wrap my head around where it needs to be. So their earned commission is, so we're paying $3,900 they're earning, so we think we're making off of off of the 30 grand, we should be making about 1800 which gets us $500 above their commission. But then we just take out their hiring expense, and we're upside down, three 500 so and so it takes us until February of next year to and this is not even playing poker math. This is if they work out. It takes us until February of next next year for them to break even from a cash perspective. Yeah. Okay, So Patrick, let's run these numbers.

Speaker 1  42:44
Go ahead. Sorry, go ahead. I'm just looking ahead.

Matthias Miller  42:48
I'm trying not to so I make sure the numbers are right. But his targets are the same, no marketing, no initial hiring expenses, his retainer and commission is substantially higher, and we don't break even where we're even at these numbers. We can't, we can't fit it into a 6% budget. Really, it's compensation should be in this look. We can cross check this, but at 10% no annual total compensation.

Matthias Miller  43:28
Why am I missing here?

Matthias Miller  43:35
So we're paying him 8% 36k is 1.8% is 1.8% we are paying him 9.8% but we should still add a 10% budget. Here's where I'm confused, and I want to double check my numbers at this point, though, we should actually be at 10% we should actually be breaking even by the Okay, we're yes because of his performance, because it's going to take him time to ramp up. Realistically, we need, like, 10.5% to break even by the end of the year. Now, with the Josh hire, all of these same numbers, we have a similar issue. The issue is, year one doesn't actually end up looking it looks a little better, but it's not that much better, because,

Matthias Miller  44:36
yeah. So, okay, so this is straight bath.

Speaker 1  44:43
Okay. So before, sorry, it's one thing I've learned about myself this year, is I have to slow down, make sure I bite things off in chunks, yep. So if we do this straight. Math right now we're saying for CSE to be a cash positive, we have to increase our budget our ad what do we want to call that mark, advertising budget,

Matthias Miller  45:15
or marketing? Well, it's really the salesperson budget. Oh,

Speaker 1  45:21
okay, how do you what? What's the formula for the salesperson budget? Because we're talking what I'm asking is salesperson budget. We're saying, what goes into the cost of a salesperson, like I do have to spend x amount of dollars on advertising to be able to even afford the idea of a salesperson, correct? So, and

Matthias Miller  45:51
we're saying currently that we are just spending on marketing, and we're not making any changes to marketing at this point. So for the sake of, for all intents and purposes, we are only, we only care about, at this moment, how much are we paying the salesperson, right? What's the room in the budget for the salesperson? Because that's the only variable cost in this decision making. Right now, if we can find a way to optimize marketing, then we can increase how much money we give to the salesperson,

Speaker 1  46:24
right? Yeah. So what I do want out of, and I don't know if you are, I know you're, you have multiple steps beyond this current spot. So what I'm hoping to get at the end of this is not only just, what does their current commission look like in our current budget, but how much extra would I have to spend overall for this to be a net positive for the company?

Matthias Miller  46:53
And is that on the first year, or is that on an ongoing basis?

Speaker 1  46:59
I probably both. Like, if you if we can figure out, hey, in the first year, here's what we need, and then for an ongoing basis, obviously,

Unknown Speaker  47:08
there's only so much we can. Like, I can't hang my hat on the I don't know what makes most. I don't know what is the most.

Speaker 1  47:22
I don't know what is the wisest thing to project, right, so that's gonna turn my head around.

Matthias Miller  47:35
So and okay for Patrick. Patrick, Patrick's costing you an extra 3% because of his retainer.

Unknown Speaker  47:47
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  47:48
So

Speaker 1  47:50
now the the the the reason for entertaining that idea is because Patrick would bring ideas to the inexperience, to the team that, in theory, saves us 3% in our expenses because

Matthias Miller  48:13
you structure the deal in which there's some kind of performance based like, yeah, come Like, if you can prove, if you can prove to me, like, I'm happy, our numbers are workable. Now, okay, you could do the if I work. I mean, this is a classic sales tactic, yeah, if I were a consultant, this is how every consultant sells everything. It's like, well, I could save you 3k a month. Okay, great. How are you going to do that? Well, here's the plan. All right, do it now. Did we execute the plan? No, but that's not my problem. It's your problem, right, right? And you don't have leeway to be basing this off of predictions and promises, right? And so, like, I don't think and so I think it comes down to, like, Patrick, I don't, I don't know how this is going to work, but that retainer, we're fine paying that retainer, but we have to be able to justify that in terms of, in terms of either revenue growth or that percentage of cost savings throughout the company, and right? And if you guys are already pretty tight on pricing, yeah, then it's it may be like squeezing blood out of a turnip, and he's got wide eyed ambitions. And I'm not saying he's not highly capable, but you do need to make sure that that actually happens, or else, yeah, paying a tax on it for the next how many years he's working for you

Speaker 1  49:51
guys, right? Yep, that's now. You're now. I feel like you're articulating the thoughts I or the thoughts in my head that my. I'm tongue tied on, yeah,

Matthias Miller  50:03
so that is my biggest concern with him, because you don't have 3% in your budget to play around with, right? Well, I don't think you do, but maybe you do.

Speaker 1  50:13
So, I mean, let me ask you this as a consultant, because that's also his background. So how, how? How much incentive would it give you to say, hey, based on how much we'll give you an executive retainer that matches, that matches the amount of costs, cost saving you implement into the company,

Matthias Miller  50:46
sure, so something like, I don't know what the number is, but for every dollar I cut for the Next 12 months, I get some, some kind of performance base, something or other. And if it were me that wanting to not be Sharky, I would, it would be some kind of split where there's an immediate benefit back to the company, but I also get, and there's a time limit timeframe for how long it lives. And this is me looking out for you, but this is how I'd want it to be done anyway. So there's some immediate benefit, but then there's maybe a 12 month, some kind of 12 month period, based on on those types of things. I mean, I'm very interested in that,

Speaker 1  51:35
and that works for year one, but I don't know how you can't cut the same, like, you can't expect to cut the same percentage of costs year after year.

Matthias Miller  51:45
No, but, but if we create breathing room in year one, and if by this time next year we can get a second salesperson, then you're going to have a second set of issues that need to be addressed, right? And, I mean, it's, again, I'll just take it back to a pigs get fat. Hogs get slaughtered. Like there just is a it is just a downside, in my opinion, of consulting. I don't care how savvy you are that, unless you take some kind of equity or phantom equity position then. But even even with with that there's, there has to be some kind of proof of ongoing, unless you literally are majority owner and passive investor, there has to be some kind of proof of contribu value, absolutely. So I get it, but I still don't know how else to make it. I it, I don't know,

Speaker 1  52:44
yeah, okay, well, that's good. I mean, we're still in the explore with Patrick. Honestly, we're still in the exploratory phase of even if it makes sense relationally to balance personal and more professional life. So like I have a commerce, I have a phone call with him this afternoon to kind of iron out those thoughts, and I details a little bit more. And I was hoping this meeting would I mean, maybe I say, hey, we after crunching the numbers, there's just not a scenario where we can meet somewhere for your not for what you need to make to come here. And I'm, I'm okay with that, like I don't at the whole motive behind all of this is, can it really? Can it what's what gives CSC the best chance to win with the resources that we have? And who, who's on the team for that, and part of that is, are they? They have to be a little they have to be comfortable being a little flexible and creative with what that compensation looks like. So somebody like Patrick, if he is comfortable with the performance based retainer, then that's then. I think that's a win, because the it's, it's accounted for without just, well, create, it's a win. It's a partial win. Yes,

Matthias Miller  54:13
here's the downside. Do you want? Do you want a guy who wakes up every morning and the burning question on his mind is, how do I make the payment on the expensive car that I have sitting in my garage? Because I love money and status, and I want to drive and move things forward, and I love to sell. And who do I get to close today? Or do you want to be Patrick does not sound to me like the quintessential salesperson. I can't say that he doesn't do well at sales, but his interests are broader than just sales, and so you run the risk of having somebody who has a diluted focus and like, that's the potential down. I mean, there's upside for sure, but that's the potential downside.

Speaker 1  54:55
Yeah, I agree. So the the way that I would looking at it playing devil's advocate. Say the majority so he would be taking a notable pay cut to come here. He's living in Vail Valley, general manager of a 50 plus million dollar company. The majority of his income here is the commission from his sales, the executive retainer is not, I don't even think is enough to cover, you know, his it's just not enough for him to live on. So I think that, I think for him, the and the only reason he's entertained, the two reasons He's entertaining this, the is that one, the company that he's currently working for, is being purchased, and he and he's not sure if the the the people acquiring the company are going to want him to stick around. They might do it themselves right. Then the second thing is that on the so that's the professional side, on the personal side. What motivates him to entertain this is that one they love Canyon City. They lived here for a decade prior. So they would say, this is home, and then they have and then they have family here. So that's the personal side. The professional side is the job. It can the job pay enough to make the personal work, which is really, I mean, that's everybody, right? But maybe, well, not, maybe not everybody, but I would say that's very more common. So for him, I would say, because the compensation structure is predominantly commission based that does protect us and from shiny objects, that where Patrick isn't getting the getting the job done. Like, in conversations with him, he's like, there's no work. There is no work for anybody if we're not selling anything. So, because of his business savvy and his experience, he understands that the sales is the lifeline to everything, and so I'm I'm less concerned about him. I think he's mature enough in his business sense and disciplined enough that I don't, I don't think it's, it's worth pressing in more instead of just being like, you're right, the retainer or Patrick is too risky and dangerous because of potential distraction, Sure, but I'm not opposed to saying, even with that, Jesse, it's still the math isn't mathing. And if that's the case, that's like, that's what I, I'm hoping to do, is with confidence, be like in the sports world, should we? Should we invest in a guy who's on the last leg of his career, paying him top tier dollars for one last two raw and attempt to win the championship. So Raul train while training while while just raising the bar for everyone around him while he's there. That's where I think Patrick kind of like, does it make sense for CSC to go for something like that? If so, Patrick could be a really good fit. Otherwise, he's he's a unicorn, because we're not, I'm not going to be talking to there's not really many other people of that that resume and experience, that are even interested in talking to people like me for a job?

Matthias Miller  58:46
Yep, exactly. The other question I would throw in with that is that, how? How? How proven fresh is his experience going from four to 100 or wherever they're at in revenue. And I mean, market cap is going to get in your way of 100, unless you diversify wildly. But, um, but there's, but, I mean, you know, this way better i and that's really here on a math discussion, not on a

Speaker 1  59:32
here, can I share my screen with you? All right, just second, sure. And here is, so here's some of like I asked him to give me some background. So these are just some things he highlighted because I said, hey, help me understand why it would make sense to have somebody with it asking for an executive retainer to come into CSC. Company in a way that it actually benefits the company. Sorry, I can,

Matthias Miller  1:00:07
okay, well, I would so without reading deeply into this, yeah, he obviously knows how to sell himself. I have any reason to doubt his experience and and I can tell you right now that if you actually get somebody, focused on Lean principles in your on the manufacturing side, that you guys would probably be better off.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:29
So say that again, if, if

Matthias Miller  1:00:31
you had, if you had somebody focusing on some lean, lean types of stuff on the manufacturing side, you guys would probably be better off. I think, I think you guys are relatively I mean, obviously isn't your weakest point. Hasn't been your weakest point, but I'm sure there's opportunity to be gained. And, yeah, I also think you could probably actually make up now, flipping the other side of the argument, you probably actually make up most of this if he did nothing else but helped you hold everybody's feet to the fire, yeah, um, again, Isaac, great dude, but he's not the he's not the like, Come on, guys, you built it took you this long to build that. Like, you had to redo this. Like y'all could do better than that. Like, that's not Isaac, having some healthy having healthy pressure and drive. And I feel like even even in your leadership, be very candid, you can be very laid back, totally benefit a lot from having, if you guys can figure out relational dynamics, having somebody with a much more aggressive which is my father in law, which is your father in law? Okay, fair enough. So well, let's run the let's keep running numbers. I'm not, I'm not. Anyway, yeah, there you go. I see where you're going with this. But yeah.

Speaker 1  1:01:55
So the question is, the gut feeling of Jesse would say, Man, I see a lot of upside to the idea of bringing in a mentor who pays for the majority of themselves through sales, correct? That's, that's the guy so,

Matthias Miller  1:02:11
so, but then and 36 grand a year really, is it expensive, if you consider professional development of some kind anyway,

Speaker 1  1:02:19
right? So that's what, that's what I'm paying in a finder's fee. If I go with option three,

Matthias Miller  1:02:25
but you're but you are also doing this in an on an annual basis, so he does still need to pay for himself. The other way to say this could, from a hiring perspective, you could split the Patrick decision in half and say, Patrick, that three grand you have to go find this right away, so that we have room for you and and to find it within you have 30 days to find it, and there's no reason why. I don't believe that you can, but go find 36k a year, and and then we'll put you on retainer. And then you're only from, from a Patrick perspective, you're only looking at this is supposed to be eight. We're only looking at the at you from a sales perspective, the retainers as separate part of the conversation. Does that make sense?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:16
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:03:18
Okay, so I think that simplifies the decision making process. So then here we still need, I mean now, now, if we say our budgets 8% which means that realistically, we're going to be it's just not this is not bad thing, though, the monthly target, 1.5 retainer and commission, 120, 212, that's identical. Net Profit is not calculated, no, right, because his but how is this 80 grand? It's 40. Oh, that's a sum. It should not be a that one's not a sum. Okay, so then, then the basic difference is, you have a 40 grand differential between Josh and Patrick. So now your question comes down to, okay, so far so good. Now you're actually in a world where you can, and as a side note, if you really want to, you can use your flash sales and wait to rebuild your inventory. If you need to beg, borrow and steal, you can drop your inventory by 40 grand, so yeah, five to 810, buildings or whatever, and pay for the finder's fee, and then just know you'll make it back over time. So okay, but then we get into poker math. Poker math is where things really start showing up. Because newbie really actually looks pretty good, like they actually make more money. You'll make. I don't think they'll literally be able to sell. I don't think you can take a newbie and get them up to 2 million in the first year. I. I agree. So what's a real, realistic target that you get up to one, 1.5

Unknown Speaker  1:05:06
Yeah, let's do 1.25

Matthias Miller  1:05:11
Okay, so now you're still looking at them, they're like, 43 grand ahead. Like, great, awesome. Now let's do poker math, but they only have have a 45% chance of success. So this means if you, if you adjust for that likelihood of success, there's only six grand of difference, which means you literally might be upside down this much in revenue next year, like if they don't work out right, or you might whatever the risk adjusted net, it's going to take you until April to pay it off, and you don't start making money until until May. Based on a risk adjusted view of the world, you don't have that with, I mean, these other guys, again, apples to apples, the only difference being that with Josh, you get to rehire with with rehire, if it doesn't work out with Patrick, you just gotta bite the bullet. And, I mean, go the Josh route. You've lost your time. You lost your retainer, which is, which is an independent discussion, right? So you just lose time, and you just have to restart. And you've lost whatever time that you had, but you haven't had, as long as you retain a piece for itself, you really haven't lost anything besides time and opportunity cost of leads that you could have closed, right

Speaker 1  1:06:28
and in the in the current Meantime, Eric, I believe, I really do believe in Eric, in that he has the capacity and bandwidth to do really well with the leads he's been given, and then with me filling in in the support role, I think, I think we're going to, like, we've got eight, eight sheds sold in the last week and a half that not even week and a half in the last week that I was able to provide through support. So So I think we'll be okay. Like, I don't. I'm not. I'm not, like, oh my gosh, this ship is taking on water that we can't manage. But what I also am saying is this ship isn't gaining traction the way it would if we had me being able to work on the business instead of being in the business, more in the sales capacity,

Matthias Miller  1:07:25
right? Well, yeah, you need to. You can't get sucked back into sales, because that's going to throw everything sideways. Yeah, even worse than it is,

Speaker 1  1:07:33
yeah, right, right, right, yeah. And so I think, I mean, we just landed an Amish pole barn crew, so that gives Eric a lot more confidence to sell pole barns. So that was a huge win this week. And Eric and I think are just communicating really clearly with each other, so that's good. So, so all that to say is like, I feel like we're, we're in a position where it's like, Okay, now it's time to step up to the plate and and swing. What's going to get us on base, you know? So will you be as I've the other thing I've learned while getting to work with you is these calls you're an external thinker, and I get which is great, but then by the end of the meeting, my brain does not retain everything that I lit, I heard and so, like, if you can provide in your like, an email, like report, kind of like what you did with the discovery, obviously not nearly as extensive, but what I'm doing after this is I'm showing rich. I'm like, hey, here are the three options with cash flow projections via Matt and I, or at least here's how we here's, here's how the math is shaken out. And if you did not anticipate that in your price, we can talk about that. But it doesn't have to be. He's not interested in getting in the weeds. So it doesn't have to the this nearly the detail a discovery is it's more just like, Hey, newbie, here's your here's here's your bottom lines. Patrick, here's your bottom lines with some creative caveats. Josh, here's your bottom line with some

Matthias Miller  1:09:36
Okay, so let's just do it now, because it's way easier, because I am an external thinker like you said, newbie, come appears to come out financially, comes out slightly ahead financially. Well, actually, it's you. If this is really a, this is a gamble, Nice win or big loss with long timeline puts, I think, I think, tell me if I'm wrong. But I think if it puts no payment in

Unknown Speaker  1:10:20
jeopardy it, yeah, I think it does.

Matthias Miller  1:10:24
I mean, if you, if you kill the poker math, like we can see you're making, you're you're making 43 grand or more or, okay, well, what this isn't showing this is, this is, this is where this is breaking down. We don't have this number. This is the thing where it's all breaking down, okay? Because if on this seven or 50 more that these guys sell, you're putting money in your pocket somewhere,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:57
right?

Matthias Miller  1:11:00
And this is also maybe a little bit of the issue, which is, could we what if we did something like this? What if we put, is there a world in which we could put half the we could we could bump bump, the profit percentage up and put half the note payments on the salesperson to view the cash impact.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:32
That's an that's interesting.

Speaker 1  1:11:40
Yeah, yeah. I mean, could you throw like, could we add it like ideas, something? Call it noodles, I don't know, but great. But

Matthias Miller  1:11:54
let me think about this. I

Matthias Miller  1:12:05
You were running off of 10% off 3.2 is that right close? So if we do something like,

Matthias Miller  1:12:19
so we're going to do, we're going to do a, if we do

Matthias Miller  1:12:29
target revenue of this, then we have, well, actually, it's not this, it's, it's, It's,

Matthias Miller  1:12:47
if you really believe in this, you

Matthias Miller  1:13:03
we would put Eric's sales in.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:11
Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:13:17
let's do this. Insert one column left. We have company revenue. So this would be,

Matthias Miller  1:13:31
so this is C, 12 plus i, three times d now times right parentheses Help.

Speaker 1  1:14:00
The other thing that I'm that's also part of this whole equation is I just don't know how long we get Eric for. So that's the other reason why I'm afraid of a green salesman, because that's what we did before we got Eric. We had a green salesman with, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:14:20
I don't think there's a world in which you want that. Okay, so let's do note payments. So this actually, really is, can we say? I

Matthias Miller  1:14:46
so this is the combined revenue and and if we say that we're allocating the.

Matthias Miller  1:15:02
Yeah. I mean, we could just run this off of a 10% bet. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:15:10
I think that's fine. I because that that, yeah, that protect that, that keeps the ball moving. So the goal is to do 10% net or better, but we really don't want to be less than that. And we were at minus the note, we were at that.

Matthias Miller  1:15:28
Okay, so I mean this, this is a very simple this is a little bit of a, okay, I'm going to do this. So this is now drawing the line here. This is, I'm one column left. I want company revenue over here. Actually. I want this thing gone. I want this guy over here. I want a line down the down the left here.

Matthias Miller  1:16:06
What this doesn't account for is okay, assuming,

Matthias Miller  1:16:22
see because we, because we're taking the retainer out, we do actually need to take

Matthias Miller  1:16:42
this only really matters here. This is the only place it actually matters. Doesn't matter on you guy, really. If all we do is just run these numbers for these other guys, we'll be good. I

Matthias Miller  1:17:10
so if we just throw this down here, we have or

Matthias Miller  1:17:22
actually, let's do this. I don't know where we want to do this. We're going to do this off to off over here. So if we are targeting, we

Matthias Miller  1:17:39
could actually run just a few numbers.

Matthias Miller  1:17:50
This is AJ, 16 times d, 18. It's actually supposed to be 17. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:18:04
this should be it's not right. What's going too far back. That's why those numbers should team 1818, those numbers should match what they which they do. So then, so then we also have, then, this is this times, that's the net which comes out To here you have the accumulated net.

Matthias Miller  1:18:53
I mean, I

Matthias Miller  1:19:05
I mean, here's your numbers, which you already know. I don't even know why I'm doing this, but there is no world you can't hire a newbie like because the newbie can't. There's two problems with new Okay, take away newbie gamble, and then also need two newbies to generate cash for note. Okay?

Matthias Miller  1:19:45
Like it is it is it is not possible for the newbie to generate enough revenue to pay for that out, right,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:52
correct? Okay, so

Matthias Miller  1:19:53
then Patrick. Take for Patrick. Um. Uh, find a path for Patrick to pay for his own retainer through cut expenses and efficiency free mentorship for growth and then Patrick, no finders, no finders. Fee.

Matthias Miller  1:20:39
And then I and no

Matthias Miller  1:20:54
additional markings, marking, spend, no i

Matthias Miller  1:21:33
Okay, so then the question I'd have back to you is,

Matthias Miller  1:21:41
okay, that,

Matthias Miller  1:21:48
if you go with Patrick and you're playing chess, if you lose Eric, you can call up Josh and say, let's do something. So there's a a, well, I mean, you could, you could hire two Josh's, but then you also, I mean, two from Josh, but

Unknown Speaker  1:22:20
is that still less expensive than newbie? Well,

Speaker 1  1:22:33
so if Josh is 660 K for two hires, I would assume, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:22:40
I would assume. I mean, are two, two hires from Josh still better than it?

Speaker 1  1:22:47
Yeah, so I'm saying, is my expense of 60k for two new hires through Josh? Is that better? Are we? Is that more advantageous than the cheap, a cheap, a cheap salesman, three

Matthias Miller  1:23:05
newbies. Yeah, it's going to take three newbies with extremely high volatility, like the last thing you want. There's so much volatility, we're saying 40 to 60% success probability. So you're actually going to have to hire six. Yeah. And so your expense on that front is 60 grand, because you're going to pay 60 grand to train them all. This is back of the napkin, yep, yep, math, but you're spending 10 grand each to hire with a 50% probability the price is really not that different, right? And that's actually a good, great takeaway. Well, actually, no, it's not exactly it, because you are paying them 10 grand in training, so it's actually 80k versus slightly less expensive with new higher but much more work and much higher volatility. Yeah, um, ie, need to hire six, pay 60k in training, in hopes three work out versus Josh, higher, higher to a K total.

Speaker 1  1:24:34
Yeah, to play at Devil's Advocate, though, it's they, they collect half the amount that Josh's hires collect on commission,

Matthias Miller  1:24:44
correct. Well, so which is why

Unknown Speaker  1:24:52
this is all I'm

Matthias Miller  1:24:53
correct. That is correct. Yeah, it is correct. And so you do make 40 grand. Need back every year for every one of them. That works out, yeah, but, but then you also, but then you're also, but then you also have the the but then then you need Patrick, because, yes, those are the people who need to have a hound on their tail, right? And you don't want to be that, right,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:22
right, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:25:24
and so you're pushing in the wrong direction. So I would, I would argue that another big thing is, culturally, you need a Patrick or a Josh guy.

Speaker 1  1:25:35
I agree. I agree. I just have to justify to the owner, who doesn't come from the background of saying, let's go get a, let's go get a Josh guy, or let's go get a Patrick. He, he now, here's why the conversation did go with him. I was, I was kind of breaking down the two the three options, and he's like, Well, he's like, I he doesn't want an he doesn't want a newbie. He doesn't want some somebody super green. So he needs to make sure it makes sense to bring in one of the other two options. He was hoping to get some somebody in between option one and two or three, got it he but there's the barrier to entry is high because locate, like physical location matters, right? And so there's only so the Josh was going to aggressively recruit Colorado Springs. Which makes sense, but I just don't, I guess, yeah, that's, that's kind of the biggest thing there. So, so yeah, so I think what ownership is saying is we're not really interested in continuing to just play T ball, right? We do want to play we do want to move up, but are these the only two pathways in which we move up? That's the that's the other question. Because there's a there is a real world where I'm told, No, you get, you get half of what either of these options are asking for. And then all of a sudden, I'm Josh did not come across as a guy who wants to bargain for his fighters fee.

Matthias Miller  1:27:35
He doesn't, he's not going to, right?

Speaker 1  1:27:39
So therefore, very quickly that could be shut down. I There is a world where we probably could potentially negotiate a structure with Patrick that says it's, it's an it's incentive based. I think ownership would be okay with that. I don't know if Patrick's okay with that

Matthias Miller  1:27:59
well, but Patrick, Patrick might be okay with saying, Can you come down for two, for two or three Saturdays? Yeah, it's a big ask, but the two or three Saturdays, as long as you can pay for yourself, we're good, like, right? Or whatever it is. I don't know what that looks like, but he might be open to something like that, or or some some like, I don't know, I don't know what? Okay, so how to answer the this? This then becomes a question of, I don't know where I get. Here's where we're at. I've given you the numbers. I Yeah. I don't know if it's helpful. I don't know this is what you were hoping to see. I don't know what else you'd be would be helpful as a takeaway, just on that, to make sure we put a ribbon on

Speaker 1  1:28:49
that part of it. Yeah, let me look at can you scroll down or all the is that all the takeaways

Matthias Miller  1:28:55
there? The biggest, the biggest takeaway to me is that it simplifies your decision First, there's, there's a few big things. You have to recognize the volatility of the of the the newbie Newbie. You have to recognize you need two newbies to generate enough cash. And

Speaker 1  1:29:19
and does our lead? Does the amount of leads we currently have support to newbies?

Matthias Miller  1:29:27
No, because, because their close rates atrocious, so they need more leads. That's also a good point. I don't think so.

Speaker 1  1:29:41
Right? Whereas an experienced individual close rate naturally will start at a higher rate because of their experience,

Matthias Miller  1:29:52
will start on land, yeah, the

Speaker 1  1:29:55
on ramp is the knowledge of the product and service line. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:29:59
Right?

Speaker 1  1:30:02
But those guys are, those individuals are picking up the phone in in working their leads. They're not just taking orders.

Matthias Miller  1:30:12
Yes, exactly. And I, I just, I don't think, I don't think, Well, I think it takes time for somebody to develop that skill set or that ambition, whatever it is, yeah. And I also think it takes time to tell if somebody has it, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:31
So the So, the problem, the

Matthias Miller  1:30:36
other major thing that I would say, is splitting, if you can find a way for Patrick to pay for his own retainer, and take that out of this. Of the sales conversation and split it into two separate decisions. One, can you pay for your for your retainer that that makes sense? And then two, at that point, then he's just a straight swap. You basically get a free mentor, whatever that ends up looking like. You guys gotta figure out the schedule so it works with him actually selling. But then, then he's just a straight assuming he can perform at these levels. He's just a straight swap for a Josh hire without the fee, right, right.

Speaker 1  1:31:12
Yeah, that's That's right, that's right. So if, so, if Yeah, that'll make sense. So now here's the here's what I have to be able to do. I have to be able to take this spreadsheet, forward it in an email to to rich in and get get him overall synopsis of this, so he can mess with it at a glance. But my and he, he could get spreadsheets a lot more. He might be a lot more competent with spreadsheets than I am, but if I'm just glancing at this, there's a lot of like questions that I I'm going to have,

Matthias Miller  1:31:57
oh, for sure. Well, what's gonna be

Speaker 1  1:32:02
so can there be some sort of key like that? He, I mean, you have notes in the bottom left, a little bit there. But Can there be some sort of key that just says, Hey on this report, like, your full goal, if that's your monthly quota, like, def define your sales capacity. Like, yeah, I don't know. I just one. One major thing that I for sure, what needed from this is to be able to forward it to rich and say, take a look at it, chew on it over the weekend, and then on Monday, let's put our heads together and pick which A, B or C. Like, what do we want to do?

Matthias Miller  1:32:44
So you need a way to make this digestible for yes, yeah, hang on. There's a What am I missing? There's a no. This literally is zero, because we're saying it comes out exactly 8% I

Matthias Miller  1:33:05
don't know how to do that, like we can put it into report, I mean, but

Speaker 1  1:33:13
so what I what I've gotten From this rich wants numbers to validate my what I'm saying, right? So, if I so what he needs, what he needs to do is he needs the gap between the takeaways from the top three numbers and the takeaways he just need. We need to do a quick bridge

Matthias Miller  1:33:34
for him. Okay, so, so this is, This is something like this. I

Matthias Miller  1:34:24
We project Eric plus two newbies, equals i

Matthias Miller  1:34:47
so this is we're predicting a.

Matthias Miller  1:35:00
If they close at 10% versus Eric's 20% that means we here.

Matthias Miller  1:35:22
The that means they need. They each need. Well, I

Matthias Miller  1:35:46
Eric needs. Let's do this two divided by point two. Sorry, two. Sorry for 2. Million divided by eight divided by

Matthias Miller  1:36:21
needs five leads to generate one sale.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:26
There you go.

Matthias Miller  1:36:29
Or needs two sales. Newbies need

Matthias Miller  1:36:42
so then at this number 1.25, divided by point went.

Matthias Miller  1:36:56
So we think they'll have 156 sales. We think at a 10% close rate. Is this a math is in math things So Eric, is that much his divided by 8000 is that many? That many sales divided by equals. This divided by point two is that many leads. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:37:43
okay, so then we have newbie, 1250, we're going to keep the same sale price, but they're closing it. Sorry.

Speaker 1  1:38:00
No, you're okay. I This is, this is actually really helpful for me.

Matthias Miller  1:38:04
Okay, so Eric, okay, so if Eric sells 2 million at 20% close rate at 8k each, and 20% close rate. He needs 1250, leads per year. If newbie sells 1.2 5 million at 8k each and 10% close rate. He needs 1563, per leads per year. You're currently generating enough leads for two Eric's approximately 2500 per 500 per year, we would need to increase marketing, increase the number of leads by number of leads to 15. Oops, 1563 times. Two. Uh,

Matthias Miller  1:39:29
two plus 1252, 4376,

Matthias Miller  1:39:42
which is 1250, plus 1563, times two, which is this divided by 2500 which is a 75% Percent increase in marketing spend. Goodness gracious.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:04
This, yeah, this. This is the

Matthias Miller  1:40:09
digestible bottom line. The economics, do we need more than that? Do we need $1 amount for what that comes out to?

Unknown Speaker  1:40:15
I don't think so.

Matthias Miller  1:40:18
The economics, if it's easy to get. Let's do it. But Well, we could say, at the current dollar per lead, that's, I mean, we are currently paying 75 so it's 4376 minus 2500 that's uh, uh,

Matthias Miller  1:40:48
Times 75 that's I'm

Matthias Miller  1:41:22
so this is

Matthias Miller  1:41:30
times 1.2 5 million minus.

Matthias Miller  1:41:40
So let's make sure this makes sense. One, 250, 123, times 0.055, minus 1268, oh, sorry. Not, not minus 12, plus 12, minus 12,000 please. 57 I've got a 13k difference here. What am I missing? Oh, it's the ramp up time.

Matthias Miller  1:42:20
So it's really we're just going to put we would net 57k per year. We'll keep the numbers clean with the marketing budget.

Matthias Miller  1:42:39
140, minus 57, 83k,

Matthias Miller  1:42:49
bottom line there's the economics on average. Newbies don't work because of their low close rates and relatively high and increased market cost. Okay, does that make sense? Yes, for Patrick and Josh, is higher. I uh, encouraged me to separate Patrick's retainer into a separate discussion. If Patrick can justifiably prove that he can free up 3k per month or more in cash through efficiency And and you,

Matthias Miller  1:44:07
a paid For mentor. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:44:20
uh, okay, I'm.

Matthias Miller  1:45:20
All right, so then, but then here's the here's the here's the real thing. Are there any quantum there are really no besides the finder's fee and besides likelihood of success, close, rates, revenue, percentages, targets, availability, anything like that. There are no numbers that tell you what you should do with Patrick or Josh

Speaker 1  1:45:43
correct. It literally just comes down to it, what one I have to just convince ownership to sign off give me the green light on a $30,000 expense. That's That's what that and what I think at the end of the day, it's just a matter of opinion on which way to spend it. But I I don't think at this point it's a matter of does it? Does spending it pay for itself? Because it feels like we have to buy talent, and so is it. Are we just so? If it seems like, if we go with someone like Patrick, the ramp for growth is faster, or a shorter, or whatever you want to call it. It seems like if we go with Josh's higher the speed of growth is dependent on my capacity to do to just, I mean, we can bring in another Eric, and we can sell and we can just have keep working the different problems that surface, which is fine. I'm like, That's the job I signed up for. So I'm okay with that, but the the other option would be, hey, we can actually expedite some of those, some of those road bumps, and really get after it. And with the idea that at that point you do that and you have your salesman who is still being paid the same structure. So if they don't sign off on it, then I have to go, probably try to find somebody in the middle. And I don't know, I don't know what that looks

Speaker 1  1:47:46
like. I I just am really not interested in newbies. I'm not really interested even in like they need, they need to have some form of recruiting or sales experience where they have to close

Matthias Miller  1:48:01
a deal, right? Okay, so there is, there is an answer to this. I

Speaker 1  1:48:31
And then, as you look at this, and if I'm messing you up, let me know. Can I confidently, can I confidently tell Patrick or Josh that, yes, these, whoever you bring in does have the opportunity to make what they need. They're telling me they need to make.

Matthias Miller  1:48:49
Well, I mean, is Eric. Do you know how many, how many manufacturers back east would fall over themselves to have somebody who can sell to? I mean, I don't know why, but they would, but I just don't think. I just think, if you actually have a top caliber sales person, like, realistically, you might not quite hit it right away, but there's, there's, well, I mean, I don't think it's unreasonable to say you have 160 maybe even 200k earning potential, okay?

Speaker 1  1:49:28
Without increasing, without increasing our leads, we're saying right now, a good

Matthias Miller  1:49:34
salesman. How many leads have we generated?

Speaker 1  1:49:40
Well, it's hard because our data got skewed when or our data has a glitch when we switch from HubSpot to high level. Okay, so what I can, I mean

Matthias Miller  1:49:54
actually does? Does Asher have a report that says how many he thinks generate were generated?

Speaker 1  1:49:58
Well, I asked him. If he's available for a call later today, he's available at three. I could, I could ask him that off the top there, there was not an end of year report or anything like that. That would have been like, oh, yeah, we can. We can do that. But yeah, I was wondering maybe you can see that.

Matthias Miller  1:50:35
He says 1111, 80 here. So let's see if this plays out. So

Unknown Speaker  1:50:47
that's your that's year to date.

Matthias Miller  1:50:49
That's three, 360 days. Oh, okay.

Matthias Miller  1:50:59
Okay, so then sales would be this times point two.

Matthias Miller  1:51:19
I don't know. I that

Matthias Miller  1:51:25
doesn't come out, right? We're close. I

Matthias Miller  1:51:40
the only basis we have is that we think Caleb was getting a 5050, split. But there's also some talk about Caleb, Eric anecdotally telling me that Caleb was kicking some some folks over to him because he didn't want to take him

Speaker 1  1:52:05
he was and some, anybody who had any, any ounce of potential wanting a pole barn, Caleb just treated it like the plague. Yeah. So, so we need how many leads for two Eric's to get to

Matthias Miller  1:52:28
four? Well, if we say if Eric's closing at four, well, we think they need, we think at a at a 20% close rate, we need 1250, leads per year per person, so we need 2500 per year total.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:47
And they're saying they're at 1800

Matthias Miller  1:52:51
1180 is what I'm seeing.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:52
Oh, 1180 that's really

Matthias Miller  1:52:54
low. But I don't know if this number, I don't know if I trust this number.

Speaker 1  1:52:58
Well, yeah, because the other part is this, this number does not account for the people that drive by No it doesn't, but it does account for the majority of the leads. We do know that.

Matthias Miller  1:53:18
So Here's, here's the way that I

Matthias Miller  1:53:43
How much do you think? Well, we have numbers here. So if you wait three months, he starts here. I mean, we think we're going to lose About half a million in revenue. I

Matthias Miller  1:54:08
uh, I think, I think opportunity cost is your argument for not doing the middle of the road. Person, now we could run numbers for what's middle of the road. Person, we could turn this guy into, we could turn newbie into middle of the road. Person, so I

Matthias Miller  1:55:33
so how much is the middle of the road guy going to generate?

Unknown Speaker  1:55:38
Let's call it 1.5

Matthias Miller  1:55:39
I 75, 500 ticket price. So well, let's do seven, 750 Yeah, closed percentage. We think he could get up to 13. Yeah. Commission gonna be four to five? Yeah, is the gonna be? Is it gonna be a little more or not?

Speaker 1  1:56:07
I think so, just just for the sake of I think part of the reason why we have a lot of overturned volatility at the lower position is because the earning potential matches the talent

Matthias Miller  1:56:21
I don't think you want. Well, yes, exactly. I don't think you want a salesperson who's happy with 75 grand a year, but I think you have to pay him, even if he can only earn this, you have to pay him 6% Well,

Speaker 1  1:56:33
here's, well, I don't know when I when I took the job. I, I I settled for I told him. I said, Hey guys, I need to make a minimum of 65 a year. And they said, Well, yeah, we can make sure that happens. So I was making anywhere from three to 4% sorry, anywhere from two to 4% so I never like, yeah. So the the the business did well, off of off of me, off of your back, yeah, which is fine, like I'm okay, but because I think now on this side, it kind of gives me a perspective from both worlds, yes, so, so I'm grateful for it. So all that to say is it depends, it depends how they're green. So if they're, if they're green, on the negotiating side, like I was coming from doing ministry in the in the Midwest, right then it felt, I felt like I was doing great if you get somebody from a city who isn't interested in anything less than 100 a year, then all of a sudden, that's just, that's different. But if they can produce, then I think there's that capacity, that possibility, yeah. But

Matthias Miller  1:57:51
if they can produce, they're also going to start well, I mean, it just depends. I mean, it really is, finding another person like you in the same position that just would be good at it, but just doesn't know to negotiate and would be happy is just content with making what they

Speaker 1  1:58:04
make. Yeah, because honestly, I just don't think they would have hired me if I was if I wanted more sure they they figured out what they were willing to make or willing to

Matthias Miller  1:58:16
pay. Yep. So what's the success? Probability, 60% Yeah. I mean, so here, now, if we have a middle of the road. We have one 500 but you still don't have you still don't have enough to pay your note, so you still need to correct

Speaker 1  1:58:53
but we, let's just lay it out there, because that's I

Matthias Miller  1:59:03
we just have to look at our three options. We think they'll generate 1.5 million, but that's still not enough to pay our note. So we need to. So we need to, let's do a let's move this up here. I'm just

Matthias Miller  1:59:28
going to grab this and we're going to fix this up a little bit, so plus two newbies. Now we're at 5 million. If I.

Matthias Miller  2:00:00
1.51500 divided by eight, this many sales divided by point point, what kind of closer to be given i

Unknown Speaker  2:00:24
i think we gave them an up to 15%

Matthias Miller  2:00:28
yes, we took them up To 13%

Matthias Miller  2:00:37
at a 13% close rate. We need.

Matthias Miller  2:00:53
We would need to increase number of leads to so this is 1442 times two plus 1250 which is 4134 4134 divided by we said we are at 20 565%

Matthias Miller  2:01:22
a 65% increase, that's okay. So then 4134 minus 2500 times 75 which is 123k so, K

Matthias Miller  2:01:59
so we said, so the 5.5 is still

Matthias Miller  2:02:11
so we now have, I'm

Matthias Miller  2:02:28
60k

Matthias Miller  2:02:35
and that's not quite right, it's 6263 so 123, minus this down By

Matthias Miller  2:02:50
there's also Uh,

Matthias Miller  2:04:33
okay,

Matthias Miller  2:04:41
How's this? I'm paranoid that I've got some kind of math problem in here.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:47
I'm I'm sure there probably is, but again, I mean it is. I. We can't tell the future, right? Like this is part of the game,

Speaker 1  2:05:04
but I think it's it. What I do believe, even with your even if, let's say, there's a math problem, it gives, it gives enough information for us to chew on, to say, even, even if the math isn't 100% accurate, that's the road we want to go down. Or that's not like we know for a fact. We're just not interested in it. Unless you think your math is

Matthias Miller  2:05:30
it's more like, I mean, it feels to me like, Well, I mean, there's diminishing returns, like, is it 80% accurate? Probably? Is there a good chance somewhere that I did a multiplication wrong and that something's off a little bit, but means we still know that you're going to need to middle of the roads or two newbies to cover the notes so and we also know that lower close rates going to cost. Your marketing is expensive, and it's going to cost that yes, and we do, do believe that there's enough for two Eric's like and so street smarts say we're okay. I'm just going to take this off, and you can prefix or whatever.

Speaker 1  2:06:05
I think this is a what we what you just did is a middle ground between Moneyball and street ball.

Matthias Miller  2:06:17
That's codable, that's awesome. But I also think, side note, I think a lot of people this is interesting in my discovery with at PBS. I think a lot of people have difficulty translating things into language that rich can understand. And I was very intentional to translate things into ROI and numbers, yeah, those make sense to him, yeah. And yes. So, yeah, this is

Speaker 1  2:06:43
I have a lot more confidence with this than just sending him that spreadsheet and saying, I hope

Matthias Miller  2:06:47
you get it. Oh no, no, yeah, I just don't think you can hear and let me also share this.

Unknown Speaker  2:06:56
Great. Yeah, thank you. I

Matthias Miller  2:07:03
All right. Well,

Speaker 1  2:07:05
there you go. Thank you so much. I sorry. I This is super helpful for us. I think we're I'm juggling as many things personally and professionally as I've ever had to with a wife that's 38 weeks pregnant, so which is fun, but also like, holy crap. So this is great. I feel like you are very generous in in working through this with me. I really enjoy the like working through it with you, so hopefully it's beneficial to you somehow. And I hopefully I can keep doing stuff like this and following like because I working with you, because I know originally it was, we were hoping for a really big, long term working relationship with and so I told you, I'm more of a piece rate kind of guy, but I am going to keep coming back as long as you accept me. So if you're good with it, I'm good with it.

Matthias Miller  2:08:13
Yep, I'm good with it. And if you want to talk at any point when the dust I'm going to assume when the dust settles there might be less relevant when Patrick shows up, if Patrick shows up, but if you want to talk at any point about other types of optimization,

Speaker 1  2:08:30
yeah, yeah. I mean, I'm about to have a phone call with Asher, and I don't, I just don't know them well enough to know how much I do. I thrive if I can be around people who I don't have to put their feet to the fire, and I don't know that's like, that's my if I if I'm looking at my strengths and weaknesses right now, I am way better at trying to bring in people who I don't have to put their feet to the fire. However, I don't nobody's world is ideal in every way. So I don't know with life x how much I have to put their feet to the fire, because I just have such little exposure outside of what I'm doing, whereas somebody like you are like, Hey, this is killing you. This is bad. And I'm like, oh, oh, crap. This is horrible. Asher, fix it.

Matthias Miller  2:09:27
They always have a way to explain it. That's the frustrating thing. That's why I'm frustrated with them. Yeah, I look at your lead costs, and I'm like, that's, I think it's double or triple what it should

Speaker 1  2:09:37
be. And it was, it was $18 at one point,

Matthias Miller  2:09:41
and I I just think, no, I mean, I think I don't mind being well, my wife does this. She hires me to be the grouchy person when bank tellers can't do simple things right. Hires me like, that's my yeah, I've loved getting in there and stirring up trouble. Like, I just think it's completely unacceptable, and you got to figure out whether it's your incompetence on their end, or if it's miscommunication of data, or, like, what is actually the story of what's going on? But I'm not happy with that, with those numbers at all. So

Speaker 1  2:10:16
yeah, no, that's good. And I think the monthly the data tracking of the sales performance is really helpful. And then I think, honestly, once we have the next sales person on the team, then it then that that's where that report is really handy, because we're giving them hard data of like, Hey, you're you're making 13 calls a day. Why aren't you making 19 calls a day? Oh, your average time on the phone is twice as long as the other guys, but that's because you're talking to them about their grandkids baseball game. So we'll figure it out. But I'm, I'm so grateful for you. Matthias, I and if there's ways I can, I can add value to you, please let me know.

Matthias Miller  2:11:00
Okay, well, always thing I'm looking for right now is getting I'm hoping to be at the at the Expo this fall. But, oh, okay, any contacts you have or anything like that, always appreciate that of other folks who need I know you're not deeply in that space, but

Speaker 1  2:11:16
not yet. I think it's headed that way. So yep, but good, all right, man, you have a wonderful weekend.

Matthias Miller  2:11:22
You too. You have a good one. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai