Unknown Speaker  00:21
Good morning. Good morning.

Speaker 1  00:24
I guess we're on the top of the noon hour, so whatever time that is, as

Matthias Miller  00:29
one of my high school teachers used to say, Good afternoon, whatever that means.

Speaker 1  00:36
So hopefully your memories bear. My memory from last last week on talking to HCSS, but I think after talking to them, what they told us in the meeting is significantly different than what they told us previous to looking for options. Initially, it was 13 to $15,000 a year to do what they're saying, $6,000 a year. Now, from everything we heard out of that, it sounds to me like the proper way to the best option to go about it is to let HCSS do the whatever you call it. Let them do that. We get that set up, and then we get with you about pulling off of HCSS to go to other programs if we think that's worthwhile.

Matthias Miller  01:36
I think so. I mean, based on what they said, they should be able to handle 90% the good of what you need to do. Good news is, as long as you guys can make sense of these notes that we put together, there's a lot of that mapping work that's already been done that would have to be done anyway. So I don't think there's a lot of wasted effort. It's just and I would, I would, I was surprised. They don't charge an implementation fee or anything like that.

Speaker 1  02:04
So well, they implement it once, and then they charge us every year after there. So fair enough, I

Matthias Miller  02:12
understand. But

Speaker 1  02:16
okay, well, I was Yeah. I was shocked to say the least when he said, Yeah, that'll be $6,500 a year, and it does all HCSS products. And I'm like, this is way different than what you told me three months ago. Yeah. So okay, well, what do we need out of Matthias at this point in time? Then I guess, did

Speaker 2  02:41
you have time to look at their APIs that they had online?

Matthias Miller  02:49
I had taken a brief look at that when we were on the call. Let me see if I can.

Matthias Miller  03:02
I mean, from everything I saw, it looked pretty standard, like they have,

Unknown Speaker  03:20
all right,

Matthias Miller  03:23
give me a minute to find out.

Unknown Speaker  03:39
Oh, I don't need to be doing that.

Matthias Miller  03:52
All right. There it is.

Unknown Speaker  04:01
Invoice details, I

Matthias Miller  04:10
think it just depends. I mean, he mentioned that there are some limitations to their API, but I'm going to guess, based on what we're doing, I'd be a little surprised if we run into things that we can't get access to.

Speaker 1  04:35
Well, I guess that still doesn't change what we're at right now.

Speaker 2  04:40
It's, don't think it changes anything with the HCSS side of it. We pretty much have to do that and then get figured out what we still need after that. And obviously they're not going to go to control board or anything like that, so we'd have to go to that. But we need to get the big picture. Grumman before we start on our bunny trails that we really

Matthias Miller  05:03
like. Yeah, I, I would agree, and I'm not, yeah, regardless, you want to do the you want to, you want to use, you want to get this set up. Yeah, and I'd be surprised if, well, there's good, there's, there's got to be a way. So that's, that's the bottom line, and I wouldn't be too worried about it. But yeah, once again, nothing else. You've made a huge step forward with this, even if you can get control board.

Speaker 1  05:35
Yeah, no, I think that's exactly right. So no, I don't feel like it was wasted at all. I just wish they'd told us this up front, instead of getting this far and then telling us, is there anything else that you think we need to ask Matthias about? Or

Speaker 3  05:56
I don't think so. I mean, like you say, getting that, that going? Well, yeah, no, not safe. Question won't come out after that, but not ahead of it. I don't, I don't have any, okay,

Speaker 1  06:15
we've got the notes. Don't go away, Matthias, because you're going to hear from us again matter of when. So, no, I appreciate your help getting us this far. And like say, I feel like that. We've we've backed out a lot of stuff that we're going to have to map out sooner or later anyway, and some of it, we've already found out that what we said was right is not right, and so we're going to have to remap, but we got to start someplace. So, okay,

Matthias Miller  06:46
somewhere, absolutely. And if any point in the process, I'm sure you're in good hands, but if at any point in the process you need a technical person to wrangle through what can or can't be done, I'm happy to jump in and know that we can be in touch once you guys make some more progress on this.

Speaker 1  07:04
Okay, well, hey, thank you appreciate it.

Matthias Miller  07:07
You're welcome. Have a good

Unknown Speaker  07:09
one. Yeah, we're.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai