Matthias Miller  00:40
Hey, Good afternoon.

Unknown Speaker  00:43
Hello.

Matthias Miller  00:44
How are you doing? Tired? Tired, yes, that's not ideal for a two for a Tuesday. No, all right, good, so let's just jump in. And

Speaker 1  01:13
dad should be looking soon. I don't some points, I'm not sure.

Matthias Miller  01:17
Yeah, all right, we wait. We can wait a minute. So what's new in Kansas?

Unknown Speaker  01:32
Cold, I think,

Unknown Speaker  01:37
okay, Hello, folks.

Matthias Miller  01:40
Hey. See,

Unknown Speaker  01:44
well, we might just need to share a computer

Matthias Miller  01:46
here. I can, I mean, the URL is code, house that link, slash, zoom. So if you can, okay, email it over. We're,

Speaker 1  01:58
yeah, let me just resend that. I think I can just forward it, okay?

Speaker 1  02:25
Yeah, hey, thought we had our next round.

Speaker 1  02:37
Hey, no worries. Yeah, we've got our first freeze coming tonight. So, ah, right on. I'm sure that told us old news for you where you're at. But Well,

Matthias Miller  02:56
actually, I mean, we're pretty mild here, generally. So yeah, right where I'm at. We were in Nebraska this past weekend, and so we combined high winds with cold snap.

Speaker 1  03:15
Nice. Yeah, yep. First off, I was curious, did you get the more extended note that I wrote up for the meeting last

Unknown Speaker  03:33
let me see,

Speaker 1  03:35
I wrote up a little more than the initial little note that got sent before. Quite finished, and now I can't find what I wrote later.

Matthias Miller  03:46
Yes, I found it here. I

Unknown Speaker  04:23
Well, oh yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  04:26
hey, there we go.

Speaker 2  04:29
I have a feather cam, but I have to remember to hang it up.

Matthias Miller  04:33
Got it fair enough? All right, so I gotta, I gotta hard stop at the top of the hour. So let's just, we're going to dive, dive in. So where do you so? Timothy, you're taking over. Harry, your long term goal is, is the do move into mentor? Long term. Is that right? Am I understanding correctly? At

Speaker 2  05:03
least part time? Yeah, at least part time, yeah. I told Timothy, at least half time. I don't have a goal to be full time there. I'm open to that. If that's what seems to make it all sound. Sure.

Matthias Miller  05:18
Okay, so where do you where is the I'm assuming stretch thin means that might be reading between the lines, but we've got just enough sales to cover one person we have. We have just enough sales to run one or two people ragged, but not enough to bring on a third or where? Where do you guys see the constraint right now? The

Speaker 2  05:54
main constraint I see is sales and hiring. Both Andrew and Timothy are here. For any time, indeterminate time, and needing to have another plan, long term. My Plan A I think, was to be more hands on than that. It feels like is a good fit. And I don't know why all that is, but that's where that

Matthias Miller  06:34
and what are you guys so, so if Okay, between sales and hiring, if you could wave a magic wand and deal with have only one of those fixed. I mean, usually, okay, I'll just, I'll throw this out there. Every business always has a constraint. There's always a bottleneck somewhere. It's better. Generally, I prefer to have it in production than sales or marketing, because when you have it in production, it means you have an overabundance of supply people coming to you as supply of customers, people coming to you, and it gives you leverage in picking what projects you do and for whom and at what prices, if it's on the other end, then there's all kinds of things that go sideways, feelings of desperation as a business owner, feeling the need to do each and everything and running yourself rapidly, trying to generate business, because it's not working. So again, knee jerk. Do want to? Want to, want to get a sounding board for where you guys, where you're at. If, if we could have, if we could have a way to increase sales, does that seem right, that that would be the number one place to start? Or no,

Speaker 1  07:59
it's I um, I think the place I feel stretched the most then is not, is not merely getting production done, but I'm, I'm in a position where I'm kind of managing both the shop and the office, kind of, I'm the main dreamer behind diversification and expansion, and we've looked, we've pushed towards diversification quicker, just to try to reach a broader customer base, Try to increase sales, I will say the sales we've been working with Craig, your cousin Craig, and have just started to see a little bit of traction. It's taken a while, so we've had a bit of an uptick this fall. And the way our inventory works, we were kind of working through inventory for a long time, and now all of us and they're trying to catch up so kind of that those waves are what make it difficult for staffing with more sales another person or two on the team that could be leveled out quite a bit, to just have more steady production and not have quite the seesawing. But in terms of to me, it doesn't feel like just having more sales would solve the the problem, since I'm already jumping into the shop only when I as much as I can before coming back and putting out fires in the office. So,

Matthias Miller  09:52
so do you have any other office staff

Speaker 1  09:57
at this point? It's basically me and Dan. Add sister Brenda comes in occasionally to help with some bookkeeping.

Speaker 2  10:09
And I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm in. I'm in both places, and never quite sure where I'm supposed to be. And for you know, ever since the beginning, have been wondering why I find it hard to write, you know, marketing blogs, interview former, you know, interview customers to get their story, put it on the on the website. Now, there's the added complication of, well, am I even supposed to be doing that, or is that a Timothy thing and and so I think added sales would bring some would bring some clarity to who does what. Because, you said there's, there's constraint, if the constraint is in production, Dad, go cut rod on the on the bandsaw. That's that needs to happen. We need to get around to the powder coaters. We don't need you to write a blog post right now, and that would bring clarity in that sense.

Matthias Miller  11:23
So, I mean, so to me, this seems like a very natural if you came to me, and again, I don't want to be making assumptions, but I'm assuming you're not looking to spend buckets of money on marketing. If I were, if somebody were coming to me with,

Matthias Miller  11:54
if somebody were coming to me at a with a question of, how do we bootstrap marketing on this to increase sales, I would start with one of two questions. One, who is, who's a natural writer and storyteller, and who is the extroverted guy who loves the guy gal who just loves to talk about these things? And then so that's step one. Is the who, and it sound Harry. I don't know for sure. It sounds. Sounds like there is a that's something to take a look at. The next question I would go to is, where are all the homesteader blogs and podcasts and related people and prepper and off grid, and the more probably, the more fanatical, the better. I don't know for sure, but where you can really speak to what they already believe to be true. So yes, it is better to be upgraded. Yes. I mean, we're after, you know, I don't know, homeschool communities, it's great to teach your kids these types of responsibilities, like each kind of each lane has a very specific core belief system that they will fight tooth and nail, the more the more Die Hard and the more fanatical, the more they'll fight tooth and nail to defend it. And if you can come along and agree with them, it helps. And just set up, is there a percentage? Can you, you know, one, one way to do the tracking tactically is, are you willing to give some kind of incentive to people who come through those channels? And, you know, is it? Is it? Is it a discount that has its own downsides, because it goes permanent online. Is there some other kind of thing? Or can you just sort of ask people how they found out about you, and then can you make arrangements to, I mean, realistically, if somebody has a blog like this, and you offer to give them, and I don't know what percentages you can give, or what your current marketing percentage targets are. But are you willing to give a 5% kickback to somebody who for a done deal, sold like they bought something, and send it back to the list and for or for some of these folks, they might be happy to give you a little bit of ad space in their email newsletter for 50 bucks or 10 bucks, or you let them name the price, you don't name the price. And if I were looking so, just straight up candor, if I were looking to bootstrap this, I would, I think having somebody who could work those opportunities go find the blogs, work, the relationships, Go, find the podcast, get on those. I think that's a really interesting avenue, and might might be easier to bootstrap than Google or Facebook.

Speaker 1  14:57
Yeah, that's. Something we've been exploring in, not, not so much in, like ad space, but we did send one, one unit to an influencer, and are waiting for content to come from that. So just just, I mean that very quickly gets into, you know, everybody who's viewing it is sold on their content in general, but you're talking about somewhat different than that, I mean,

Matthias Miller  15:29
but that's the same kind of thing. And do you will you have rights to use that video? Because that video would be a great Instagram I had to run,

Unknown Speaker  15:38
will be a video that we'll have rights to for a year? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:41
yeah. So I think that's absolutely true. So do you have any this is the other, other kind of glaring thing, is Craig working with you on some kind of email, opt in email newsletter on your website? Or is there something like that already in place? We

Speaker 1  16:01
are, we are just beginning work on that. Okay, we're talking about work on that.

Matthias Miller  16:09
So it's, it seems to me, one of the, one of the next, one of the things. Well, do you, do you sell any of these through sales calls? A few What do sales calls, getting on

Speaker 1  16:24
the phone, us calling other people, or them calling us, them

Matthias Miller  16:27
calling you, yeah, getting on a call some, it's a small percentage, but what percentage?

Unknown Speaker  16:33
Maybe 10.

Matthias Miller  16:36
Okay, so I shouldn't be giving you all this stuff for free, but free, but I don't care the the go figure out a way on the opt in for them to give them your phone number and pick up the phone and call them at least 10 times before you give up on them, and you can double your sales. Yeah, I think, I don't think that's outlandish. Yeah, if you just do that one thing and figure out how to capture those like,

Speaker 1  17:09
yeah, that's see that sales work that I enjoy. I mean, maybe I think I would, I would start feeling sheepish after five times. But okay,

Matthias Miller  17:21
let's deal with that. Let's deal with that. Here is the frame of mind you have to have. Demi, what's what's your life like? Are you? Are you sitting on the back porch with your feet propped up every day dreaming about, what's the fancy thing that you would love to buy in the next year or so? Am I give me an example of one fancy one thing that you'd like to buy for yourself that's maybe not just necessity, but moves into luxury. What's an

Unknown Speaker  17:51
example new classical guitar? Okay,

Matthias Miller  17:54
perfect. So how much time are you sitting on the back porch with your feet propped up, dreaming and thinking and planning and scheduling when you're going to buy your classical guitar,

Unknown Speaker  18:03
not very much. So

Matthias Miller  18:05
you have to approach this from the premise that people are busy. People have things that they want, but the curse of American Consumerism is that we are all overloaded with too much to do and not enough to reach around. And one of the best favors that you can do is obviously, we're not here to sell something to somebody who they don't need. But think about, put yourself in the shoes of a homeschool family, just as an example, we want something or a little farmstead kind of a thing. We really want something for. We want our kids to be taking care of chicken. I'm just picking this story, but man, we've got, we've got these extracurriculars. We're teaching them. We're trying to we're we got to take care of the pigs that we got in the back corner. We got it. We've got goats. We've got and, like, we really should call that guy, but it just, I saw that. I really want that. And if you frame it from the perspective of, I'm here to help people manage their their busy lives, and the reason and taking the, taking the the language out of it for yourself, or the assumption out of it yourself. From, they probably don't want to talk to me, to, I really don't know whether they do, but they reached out for information to learn more. So they probably actually do want to talk to me. And numbers show consistently. And if you that sales is in the follow up and so doing that one of the clients that I've worked with, we do salespeople are required to do or targeting about 17 outreaches in the first week, and substantial increases in revenue because of that. And very, very few people getting angry, yes, and if you're not getting one, I mean, if you're getting, if have your people getting angry at you, you're doing it too much. But if one out of every 100 gets angry at you, that's, that's, that's a really good point. End. I mean, that's, there's nothing wrong with that, that they were probably angry for other reasons that. And then, in addition, stay in touch, follow up. I don't care whether it's an Excel spreadsheet, but figure out when you're going to reach out to them next every single call and go reach out to them and and then finally, and even if they don't answer, they might not like that. You're calling five times, they're going to forget who you are in 30 to 60 days. Call them back again. If you are willing to use a cell phone, you will have much higher deliverability, or much, I say, much higher. It will be easier, generally easier, to get in touch with people because, because calling companies recognize that. So if you did nothing else that did that, I think you could be in a substantially different place in a year from now.

Matthias Miller  21:09
I don't really know probably the best thing I have to offer you in terms of support. Well, there's one. There's a few ways we could structure this. I

Matthias Miller  21:25
with this type of operation, I'm not really interested in doing, doing hands on work. So I can tell you all this kind of stuff, but so two options are minimal involvement. I do have, I've been selling strictly on the experimental and as long as it's fun for me, I'm going to do it. It's $100 a month telegram access for the first five people, and then it's going to go up from there as people take advantage of it and shoot telegrams. And I don't, I have no time frame. I will get back with you strictly when I feel like it, and that's communicated up front. And sometimes it's been sometimes literally within seconds, sometimes it's been a few days. I'm trusting that this is not a hair on fire situation. If you want access to my brain, it's probably one of the easiest ways to do this. The other way, if you want more involvement, we could explore. I think what makes most sense, sense for you guys is let's figure out some minimal, affordable base that's not too overwhelming, and then let's go figure out a percentage of new new new business over prior year that makes sense within the numbers that you're running, and Come up with some kind of performance based arrangement. I

Matthias Miller  23:04
that's probably my who's appropriate with what I would lean towards one of those,

Unknown Speaker  23:12
not quite sure I followed the last sentence of it,

Matthias Miller  23:16
so set up more frequent calls or something like that, but, but, and pay me some, you know, maybe I don't know what the number is, some kind of lower base fee. And then, okay, so for every, for every $10,000 that you sell more than same time prior year, you write me a check for an agreed upon amount that still leaves you net profit but, but think of me as a commission based instead of a commission based salesperson, a commission based consultant. Gotcha. Make sense? Yeah. So, yeah, I don't know. And if you guys want time to think about it, honest, honestly, you guys could Yeah, I don't know. What are your thoughts?

Speaker 1  24:22
Well, my my initial thought is, yeah. I think those are great ideas for for increasing sales. I would like at some point to hear more thoughts in terms of the roles and responsibilities and how we how we sort through exactly who is managing this ship, because that is, that is part of the stress that I'm feeling at this point is just saying I I feel a little bit, I feel a little bit the load of an entrepreneur without actually having ownership and and so dad and I. Think Dad got in, got into it, and it's kind of, I mean, a long story is that, well, short story, went in a family business to work with his boys, got into ownership, and said, You know what? This doesn't really fit me. I'm looking at it saying, well, kind of does fit me, but I don't know it. And so trying to figure out how to, how to structure, that and and find a way forward there. But

Matthias Miller  25:28
would you, would you consider, would you guys consider a sale? What's that?

Speaker 2  25:41
As in, I sell the business to Timothy. Is that what you're saying? Or we would,

Speaker 1  25:46
we would consider it my wife, it is on the table. And honestly, the only thing that has kept us from it at this point is just not quite feeling a a release to make that commitment at this point. So we're still my wife and I are listening pretty hard right now to figure out if it is something we could commit to. But it's not because it's not appealing to us or to me, at least so

Speaker 2  26:26
and so things like corporate culture, values, how do we go about hiring? What are we asking them to join? Defining all of that is, is as up in the air as who's going to who's going to be at the helm five years from now.

Matthias Miller  26:49
So Timothy, you're on board. I take it to mean, if this you can shut me up. I don't know if I should be going here. Your wife isn't completely on board. There's some hesitation, or,

Unknown Speaker  27:10
I think is more.

Speaker 1  27:17
So I got done with my undergrad about a year ago, and it was very clear at that point, no, we can't do that right now. We need time to recuperate a bit at this point, whether it's ownership or simply a time commitment like I'll run this as CEO for five years. She She said the other day that I think, I think that would give her quite a bit of rest than this constant. Well, we don't know where we're going. So, and a lot of this comes down to, you know, I have a music degree, a music ed degree. This is what I was planning to do five years ago. But, you know, it is what it is, and it's all it's another one of my dreams of my 30,000 dreams. So,

Matthias Miller  28:20
yeah, so I know, go ahead. What's the fear of pulling the trigger?

Speaker 1  28:27
Oh, missing out. Absolutely, the fear of missing out on the lab, other career possibilities, other ministry dreams, fear that my the music skills I've acquired in the last five years will just fade. That's the core fear.

Matthias Miller  28:51
Okay, so if you put together a plan, I'm not saying that this is the answer, but if you put together a plan, I

Matthias Miller  29:03
where there's a buyout you've got, you've got the kind of drive, and I might be reading into this wrong you've got the kind of drive where you want to go grow this thing to the point where you can Remove yourself from it. I might be mistaken, but it seems to me like that's where you would love to see it go. Yeah, and if you put together a plan that would let you take off five hours a week to go teach music at Pilgrim, or go start your own quartet, or join choirs, or, you know that part of the equation is, everybody knows that Timothy's out Friday afternoon from fill in the blank, whatever it is, he's unavailable because he needs to feed his soul. Yeah. And this is something that matters. It obviously matters very deeply. You, yeah, and I think maybe if you nuanced it a little bit instead of saying it's an all or nothing decision, but here's how I can make sure that my music skills stands intact. I can feed that part of my soul and and I know that this child over here, ie the business is not going to be the evil step sibling that destroys this child over here and makes this child starve. I suspect you would find at least one or two steps closer to peace in a path forward.

Unknown Speaker  30:40
Yeah, that's that's well read.

Matthias Miller  30:46
I think the other thing too is that,

Matthias Miller  30:53
if you are a creative, multi, passionate type of a person. It can help to think of ventures like this as part of the paint and brush in the tapestry of life. So part of your artistic work is not just music. It's, well, there's this music thing here. There's also this business and manufacturing thing over here. And when you're young, it's really hard to see how those pieces fit together. But I think if you give yourself permission to go dive in for a few years and go figure figure this thing out and and know that you're not committing that to this for a lifetime, and you don't have to, if the business does well, I can't imagine there's not somebody else who who would want it down the road if you really want to get out. I think if you were to give yourself permission and come to it from that perspective, I think it may also help give some freedom. And moving ahead, you got married once you'll have to marry the business too.

Unknown Speaker  32:19
I don't want to. I

Matthias Miller  32:26
so if, if it would be useful to have, I've got another call here. I needed, I need to get on. Let me know what's what's useful here. I really don't have much of an agenda in where this goes. Yeah, yeah. If, if you guys need another call to figure it out, just put something on the calendar. Okay, so good. That's good.

Unknown Speaker  33:07
Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  33:08
Thank you. Yes, you're welcome.

Unknown Speaker  33:10
Thanks guys, see ya. Thank.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai