Matthias Miller  00:43
Hello, Hey, Brian, I owe you an apology. I'm I'm sorry, my

Unknown Speaker  00:49
it's all good. No worries.

Matthias Miller  00:50
So how are you?

Speaker 1  00:52
I'm doing all right. What about you? I'm doing good. Yeah, I think I reached out to you because I saw you were doing a bunch of it seemed like interesting things on Facebook, and just kind of curious about it, and kind of, how do you help people and all that sort of

Matthias Miller  01:10
thing. Totally so pretty deep tech background. Stumbled into the shed industry because I think 90% of the people I talked to the industry chose them. They didn't chose it. Yeah, and, and so that's how I got into the industry. I've been doing a bunch of business consulting along the way, but have done some, I think it's pretty interesting tech projects along the way. And I think that was maybe a little bit of what the Yeah,

Speaker 1  01:39
for sure. I think, yeah, tell me about the tech stuff you've been working on.

Matthias Miller  01:46
So we have a private client that we've developed a full into ndrp for and and I think they prefer not to be named, but I think we we do fairly well competing with with shed suite and shed out with what we're able to do for them.

Speaker 1  02:07
Oh, yeah, that's cool. Yeah, that's interesting. Are you guys making it like commercially available or just for that one customer? Nope,

Matthias Miller  02:18
it's just for one.

Speaker 1  02:20
Okay. Cool, cool, yeah, yeah. We've actually been thinking about either buying somebody or building one into our software too, so I'm kind of curious about that space, but nothing super serious yet, if that makes sense, yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:35
that makes sense. Well, there's a lot of a lot of movement. I mean, at this stage of the game, you know, buying looks probably more interesting than than a full build. But yeah, for sure,

Speaker 1  02:51
yeah, like, why did they decide to, like, use you guys versus just using one of the kind of existing ones out of the box.

Matthias Miller  03:05
They had some unique needs, unique to their business model, but then also control and speed of development.

Speaker 1  03:12
Okay, are you like, would you consider yourself? I so it sounds like you do a lot of tech stuff and kind of maybe like software development. But I also thought you were like, kind of a business consultants look like kind of, maybe some of the additional stuff I've been seeing you post since maybe that original time I reached out. Yeah, that's

Matthias Miller  03:29
correct. So, and I've been, I've been increasingly leaning into into the business consulting side. It's a small shift from well, and I've been involved in variety of capacities. I've actually run, I've managed sales teams I've ever seen marketing, and it's all been, everything that I've done, and I've been a lifelong learner, I suppose, of all things business. And so I've been increasingly leaning into the really, specifically the, how do you take systems thinking and apply the business so, yeah, and so I've been, I've been doing, doing a, yeah, doing, leaning into the business consulting side. Just came out with a with a new book around, around, some of that as well.

Speaker 1  04:22
Do you like would you say you're a shed guy? Are you just like making a stop over in the shed world for for a while?

Matthias Miller  04:33
That's a great question. I mean, is my identity sheds? No? Have I been in here for years? Yes. Does this make sense to set up camp and be here a while and not disappear? Yes, is there probably something else in my future outside of the shed industry? Yes, is that going to be, you know, that that's, that's, that's more stuff I'm working with on the long term. Um, and everything, everything that I'm doing this at industry, the tech, the the business consulting, all this stuff that's that's all leaning into the long term play. But I'm not the, I don't know. So it's a blend between the, this is my life. I'm going to stick to it. I mean, it's between the, this is my life. Am I going to stick to it? And the hey, here's an interesting opportunity. Like, let's just make this a mercenary stop along the way.

Speaker 1  05:29
How many? How many people are kind of do you're on your team? Would you say so

Matthias Miller  05:36
currently? So I actually had a software development team I downsized a year and a half ago because I wanted to rebuild. So I've got companies I partner with, but it's it's me and and executive assistant, slash project manager and a personal assistant. So I'm running lean and mean and just scaling up from there and and obviously utilizing AI heavily to compensate for team members as well. So

Speaker 1  06:09
yeah, let me give you a little idea. I've asked you a ton of questions. Let me give you a little idea of what kind of we're working on, and then maybe we can figure out, now or later or whatever, kind of just file in the back of our minds, kind of maybe how we can work together in the future. So my business partner and I, we started a company called newfound rentals 12 years ago or so, and it's a kind of rent, a rent owned company, kind of very similar to, kind of a lot of the other rental companies out there. Kind of the biggest one in our in the kind of our space would be RTO national, and then kind of a huge long tail after that, kind of smaller ones. And kind of probably 10 years ago, we built software for ourselves because we didn't like the the RTO Pro, essentially, we thought it was clumsy, hard to use, non scalable, all that sort of thing. And we use that kind of internally ourselves for six, seven years, and opened it up probably two, three years ago to other rent owned companies. And there's currently 30 other rent owned companies using our software. And we really like the software business kind of scalable. I think we've figured out a revenue model that the shed industry is willing to pay. You know, you probably realize the shed industry, historically is like very frugal, we can say. And we're trying. We're launching a huge update to our software, kind of right now, and we're gonna that will enable us to onboard a lot more users, and kind of, we're trying to think about scalability, how we're going to kind of get people on board as fast as possible. There's a lot of demand for it. Kind of, what's next, like the ERP thing, inventory, all that sort of thing. So kind of, that's where my head space is, yep, understand.

Matthias Miller  08:20
So what's the, I mean, on that side of the business, what's the, what's the nut that you're looking to crack in in particular, I mean, is it just, it's just a matter of cranking out what you need to do for scalability

Speaker 1  08:37
right now, or right now, kind of like on the just, let's just say the pure rental software business. It's a, it's a switching problem right now, right there's, there are some new companies. I'd say for new company, it's like, a no brainer to use our software, because, like, the other, the alternative right now, available anyways. Like, so clumsy, like, it's very it's a no brainer, essentially, for them, this, it's a switching problem for everyone else. So kind of getting someone that's already using RTO Pro, most likely they don't like it. How do we get them to use RTO smart, and how to make it quick and seamless and and all that sort of thing, you know? And we have a lot of demand. I'd say our biggest kind of, hey, our biggest bottleneck right now is actually onboarding companies, yeah, the time takes the onboard them, essentially,

Matthias Miller  09:25
yep, yep. And

Speaker 1  09:29
then kind of, I can kind of see kind of what other people are trying to do in the space. And I know kind of like the ERP thing is going to be important, kind of integrated product, all that sort of thing. So also thinking about kind of what we want to do there and all that sort of stuff,

Matthias Miller  09:48
yeah, yeah. Makes sense,

Unknown Speaker  09:54
yeah. So that's, that's where we're at. That's what we're thinking.

Matthias Miller  09:56
Yep, yep. Yeah. Um, what's the are there? Are there things that your your prospects are asking for outside of what you guys provide, that they're clamoring for, and they're like, man, if we just had this X or Y, we didn't make their lives easier, and would end up making it easier for you. You in return as well. Let's

Speaker 1  10:23
say kind of ERP thing is one. I don't know if has to be full ERP, or it could just be kind of inventory available sort of thing. Kind of ERP means a lot of different things to different people, sort of deal. And then kind of a lot of the updates we're making to our software currently is like, kind of things people have been asking for, then there's always incremental improvements and requests and all that sort of thing after that, you know? So, yeah, I'd say software is like, really, you know, people have been talking about software in the shed business for a long time. And I think kind of, it's kind of at that precipice, I guess you could say where I kind of see people actually starting to implement stuff, where maybe before they were kind of just tire kicking, sort of,

Matthias Miller  11:12
yeah, yeah. Well, it's getting to the point where there's critical mass. And I mean, it's, I mean, it's, it's, I think another untapped frontier in the shed space is just straight up, sales, sales, yeah, sales, but yeah,

Speaker 1  11:30
we have a, we have a sales company too, called shed connect. And you can kind of our website that probably kind of give you the best idea of what everything we do would be newfound solutions.com, and shed connect, we do kind of online sales for quite a few shed companies. It's a little bit different than kind of sheds for sale.com which I think they have a good idea too. This is kind of more end to end process, kind of from generating the lead all the way to closing it, sort of deal where I'd say shed for sale, for example, is more of a marketplace sort of thing. You know,

Matthias Miller  12:13
right? Makes sense? You're trying to basically say, You be the manufacturer. Let us do everything else, yeah?

Speaker 1  12:21
Like we're augmenting. There's sales basically, like we think we can get them 20% more, whatever it is, yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:28
right, right, right, makes sense. Wichita Kansas are. Is that? That where you're based? Yes, you live in Wichita? Yep. I grew up in hutch, by the way.

Unknown Speaker  12:43
Okay, great, great. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:47
there you go. Fascinating, small world. Cool. Well, how's it? Where are you at now? King in City, Colorado, all right, yeah, mountain Boy,

Unknown Speaker  13:03
that's nicer wedding in the summer anyway. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  13:06
it's good place to be. I like it, yeah? So Well, I mean, that's helpful. It gives me a picture. I guess probably a big, big agenda for this college is kind of getting to know each other a little bit. But yeah, yeah, anything, yeah. Where do you where do you want to go from here? Or what, I

Speaker 1  13:29
think, kind of from my mind space, I think there's probably a lot of ways that we'll, kind of think maybe we kind of will work each other, work with each other going forward to kind of as they come up, I think kind of immediately, kind of it would be helpful for me, if you could think about, kind of like I said, the ERP thing is super important for us. Then kind of another thing is kind of right now we're onboarding, let's say, one company a week to one company every other week to use our software. I love to be able to figure out how to make that 10 companies a week, you know, like, improve that, make it seamless, make it easier, make it more enjoyable for the people moving. You know, it's a it's a pain to move software that's like, one of the biggest like, people are scared. People are like, Oh, they don't want to learn something new. You know, our industry is, like, very not tech savvy, you know, probably better than me, but um, kind of making them feel comfortable with it. Like everyone, no one wants to use RTO Pro, but, like, do they really want to switch either sort of thing? Yeah, right,

Matthias Miller  14:37
yeah, for real. Well, yeah, yeah, yep, yep, yep, all right. Well, let me, I might have some thoughts on that. The on the year your piece, I I need to figure out a little bit of i. There's some business relationships. This is the downside of a small, small industry, their business relationships to be considered of so I need to put some thought into that and what the impact would be. And there's going to have to be, there's going to be, have to be, have to be some budget and some longevity to working together for it to be really meaningful, for me to sing my teeth in but I do think there's a lot of opportunity, and probably a lot of places where, where I could add value, value to guys. And it's fairly clear to me, we're, we're reducing the onboarding process, or streamlining that could, like putting gas on a on a fire. Man, like, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  15:39
for sure. So

Matthias Miller  15:44
how about that? How about this? I'm going to be, I'm going to be out of the office next week and all. I'll put some thought on my end as far as what some of those things might look like, and and we can maybe circle back in a couple weeks. And, yeah,

Speaker 1  15:59
that'd be great. I love it, yeah, see from there, so, all right, cool. I appreciate it. All

Matthias Miller  16:05
right, yeah, sounds good. Well, good, good. Meeting you. Ryan,

Unknown Speaker  16:07
you too, yep, bye. All right,

Matthias Miller  16:09
like, let's take it back. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai