Matthias Miller  00:00
Okay, so let it take some time right now to process a little bit of what's going on with this scorekeeping. So I think I think one of the things that we need is an absolute score for stress. And so a negative I forget how far we go negative two is 100%. Stress. Negative plus two is zero. Well, it's an offset of stress, really, to stress relief. So if it's slightly stressful so that the plus one is it's not stressful and it actually offsets stress somewhat. And so stress is a sum of all negative numbers. multiplied by time such as bits. So if you have a negative two

Matthias Miller  01:05
and negative a negative two then you have well, okay, I mean, I think it's something like that. I don't know this is completely right. Or you have a very there was originally thinking about about doing this is, is a plus two of joy is zero stress plus one is a 25 stress point. And a minus one is a 75 stress and 100 is a minus two is 100% stress. So then what you would do is you would take the

Matthias Miller  01:54
you know, it's actually seen this is where I don't know exactly what to do if it's accurate or not, because you can eliminate stress. Or actually, I'm gonna say that low joy is, is still indicates a stressor. I don't know though. So it's, it's relative. Let's try scenarios because how we roll so let's try scenarios. Let's say that that nothing on the plus one registers were one of the problems with that is that you don't have any opportunity to rank it in such a way as to

Matthias Miller  02:44
as to be trouble so. So what you say is that you have a score that you quantify and based on the number of minutes that you have, you have a beat it's something like what is your stress per time? So, if you have eight stressful hours, eight non stressful hours I mean, your overall stress level. So So let's say that you would have everything at 25% stress, that's your baseline, and you have eight hours, so you would have a stress score of eight times 25%, which is two, and so your baseline stress score is two. Now if you're doing everything at a score of you know, a 50% score, it's some stressful sums that then you're involved the he might still be in kind of an ideal range. But well actually, no, you're going beyond ideal. That's that's where you have a significant stress

Matthias Miller  04:02
is that would be low require half of your time to be moderately stressful, and half your time not to be moderately stressful. Now there's a there's a sweet spot in there. I don't know that it's 50%. I don't know it's 25%. It might be some beat from it might be a 2525 to 50 like a like a zero to 25 percents, zero to 25 score. I think you're saying stress score zero 100. Zero to 25. It's just like, toss man like you're crazy like this is

Matthias Miller  04:42
but I actually wonder is it reasonable to say that you can have a point five score, or do you just cap it off and say like, you can't have stress. You know? 25 is your baseline so everything to 25 basically have a 00 stress score and if it goes negative

Speaker 1  05:13
then it is what it is like if it's just zero. But if in order for anything to go above 25% It means that you do have something you have some stressor and then a 100 stress score. Or maybe we do this intense but a 10 stress score is like you're spending all your time in high stress

Speaker 1  05:43
this is like you've already burned out and then there's a range in there. Now there's a question that I'm not sure how to offset because I feel like there could be an exponential component to this, but I'm not exactly sure how the exponent exponential component would fit in nicely. I think this this calculation has to be really simple for it to be comprehensible. So you assign a stress score, overall stress score zero to 100. And then you you rank you have a percent contribution which means that you're going to have negative contribution or you have a now here's the other option. The other option is if the slider actually determines the cut off point. So if you want to, you have a target Okay, here's the thing that would help. What would help is if you would say, I want to

Speaker 1  07:15
cut stress by X percent. Well, here's the I mean, there's the promise. The promise is we're going to cut stress by this or by this. And then the question is where where do you want that? So do you want to cut stress 10% and time by 15%? Or do you want to cut stress by 20% and so really all that you're doing is you're saying what items? I think determining I think a big key of this is being able to determine the targets In terms of hours and stress based on the percentage sliders because that's actually what you're trying to do. And then it shows you the best candidates for you to be able to do that, you know, optimized, what should you offload in order and what are they in rank of of importance?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai