Matthias Miller  00:00
I had this realization after hearing Stephanie talking about the theory of constraints. And related works, which is there's a process of there's a tree structure process hierarchical process in optimization, which means in software optimization, so, for example, when you go the first step of any kind of optimization issue is find the worst case scenario first of all, and how do you exaggerate the problem? So, in software, it's like, go throw the biggest data set at it or the biggest, you know, fill in the blank where if it's really the resource contention, go constraint, the problematic resources. So have you know, do something that brings it to the surface and then and then the question is, once you have that, then you do the analysis. Now the cool thing is, with software, you have a call stack, which is essentially a hierarchical view of where the bottleneck is. And so what so you start at a high level? View really clear when you say what's taking a long time. But at a high level, you say, how much time is this? What are the big portions of and how long does each big person take? And then you dive down into into those portions. And it could be that what initially appears to take a really long time is actually quite well optimized. It's just takes a long time. And then you look for you may go into going down a different branch, and diagnosing other further process, you might find that in that part of the process, there's a piece of it that takes an inordinate amount of time that is hyper inefficient, and you can fine tune that. And then as a result of that, you get, you know, marginal benefit. Now, the other thing you might discover along the way is that your algorithm is wrong, which means that your fundamental approach is misaligned. So, what are ways that you can eliminate that? Well, there's a few ways that you can do that. One is you can do more things simultaneously. And so you can introduce multi threading, or some kind of multiprocess thing. You can do more of the similar things at the same time. Or you can try to deal with you can try to cache there's more information in memory at a time. You can, you can and sometimes there's a spirit of faster ways of solving problems. Or a you know, sometimes instead of a highly accurate calculation, you can find a way to get an approximation that's actually accurate enough which you want to do. But it's much less expensive to speculate. It's really hard to tell, I guess, here's the question. You know, typically, when you profiled there's there's two pieces of the puzzle one is what percentage of time does this take of the parent task? And what percentage of time does it take your real task? And so if you search everything, based on time will be a real task and very quickly, you start to notice exactly where the bottleneck is. And that's the thing that you want to optimize first. Usually. So there's two steps to this. There's the profiling process, which is basically give me the data in a hierarchical format, sorted in or appropriate way so that we can actually filter these things to the top of the list, and we know how to address it, then there's the question of how do you actually optimize, optimize it? And you know, I don't really know that I've got much more to add to any of this. So the question then becomes, you know, the interesting thing about this is that this is actually the approach that I've used for the time study, which is, let me profile your time. And, and, really the there's two helpful pieces of it first is you actually have a grid or a framework and some level of categorization, some kind of tree structure to outline your time and I think it could actually be productive to convert this from a grid

Matthias Miller  05:02
to a to a tree structure, where on any given task, you can break down deeper, the deeper levels of the tree structure I'm not completely sure how that might work. But there is this profiling data collection. The way profiling works, is really not that dissimilar from the 15 minute time log, which is, you know, sampling. Let's go see what we're doing periodically. And let's just get a sense off of that what I'm doing is a different approach. Which is less accurate, but still accurate enough to get significant wins from. And then there's the the analysis, which is basically Okay, let's sort these things based on their level of impact and there's two resources being measured. There's opportunity cost, and there's actual time spent to the other cost. So we sort of based on those resources, and that's what drives the priorities that would actually optimize.

Matthias Miller  06:43
Yeah, so there you go. There's this really interesting take on business optimization, which can be taught but feels actually pretty instinctive. To me, and I don't know exactly how to quantify it in the example of dealing with dismissal last night, at the Vacation Bible School is a good example where we are creating distinct separate points of communication between different people, and by doing so, eliminating a lot of complexity and chaos. Because we were able to do that. So there you go. interesting observations about the recommendation and business process optimization


Transcribed by https://otter.ai