Matthias Miller  00:00
So here's another fascinating take on coding in business because refactoring is natural part of the process. When, when is what makes refactoring be necessary? Well, it's the process of flows to change requirements change direction. It's like it's a continuous self healing process. And it's absolutely critical to continue doing refactoring to make the codebase as flexible and as nimble as and useful as possible. And if you do not refactor that you end up with something that's brittle, which means that they'll try to make a change and all these other things will break because because of it, so what do you do in the process of refactoring? Well, you look for commonalities you look for things that have not been updated in a long time. He looked for things that should be simplified. To tease apart things that have kind of, you know, this thing used to be one thing and it grew into three things and now you split apart the three things. You You You move Part A that has been under this umbrella you remove you know, sometimes you completely redefined how something is done, and you transition out of that way in the old into the new way and, and you delete old code that is no longer necessary because of because of all those changes in requirements. So in business, it's like, it's moving people from one place to another department, it's building out departments, inspiring people, it's rearranging things, it's ultimately rearranging the components of the business to align where the business has grown to splitting apart responsibilities. People were doing too many things at a time. And creating and, and reorganizing and restructuring that and getting the business into a healthier, maintainable place. And if you don't do this, your business is gonna break one way or the other. Business is always code tends to break when you have refactoring. You have to do testing, you have to be careful and you have to take these things piece by piece, but if you don't do it, that will take a different way, which means you're going to hit a some kind of growth plateau. And the same is true in business where if you don't take the time to refactor your business, you don't you don't take time to restructure and reorganize and get things off of people's brains and split decisions and to and all of those things. Then, you're going to encounter a different type of breakage which is simply like your business will become brittle and it will become resistant to growth. And you won't be able to lower and make those types of changes that you need to so interesting perspective on refactoring as well.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai