Unknown Speaker  00:01
Hey, man pricings complex, I'm just gonna give you a kind of a brain dump.

Speaker 1  00:08
I've, I've struggled over the years to find the happy medium until I heard somebody say once to charge a happy price. And that's the price that I'm happy to do the work for the effort, and the client is happy to pay for the outcome, or the deliverable. And so I really, really pay attention to what number pops into my head when I'm talking to somebody. And over time, I found there's kind of watermarks for different size companies, different mindsets of owners, like if you want to do a ongoing retainer work, somewhere between two and $3,000 a month is just the sweet spot for most small business owners. And when you think about it, 3000 a month, 36,000 a year, getting you at some high level is probably a quarter to a fifth of what they'd be paying for somebody decent, and a salaried, full time position. When it comes to projects, I really try to just think through what the scenario is worth to the client. And how do I right size my scope for it? I've never found the argument of oh, you need to charge your target hourly rate or anything like that, because that's all about you. To me, it's like how do I add more value? And how do I right size my time invested. Because that's something I've struggled with is over committing just way too responsible way too much sense of ownership in the outcome. And so and then recently, I've found that if I can tie it to the outcome and get some kind of performance bonus, reduce the risk up front, get paid on the back end clients tend to be small business owners tend to be much more open to that bigger companies not so much, but I just charge more for bigger companies. And that's just a kind of like a bluffing poker match to see who flinches or whatnot. But I also use a lot of price anchoring in my discussions. So like a client the other day, prospect the other day. I'm gonna come in and solve their sales and marketing machine kind of thing. And they're doing a couple million a year. And I said, you know, project like this really is like about 150,000 and they didn't flinch. And so I said, I'm happy to get paid on performance on the back end, but so it'd be 45,000 upfront, and 105,000 out of performance, and we're actively in negotiations for that right now. So hope that helps on the pricing. Let me know what other questions come up from it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai