Speaker 1  00:00
So networking, the number one thing that I didn't realize I did over the years until people started asking me this was, I would find ways to just help influencers or key contacts, without any requests or anything in exchange. So the easiest example I can think of, is you find something broken on somebody's website and you go email him and say, Hey, I saw this didn't know if you saw this or not, here's a screenshot or live video of what needs to be fixed. Hope that hope that helps. And I've done that man, I don't know how many times and just use that as a door opener to just get to know somebody get on their radar, and help them. Another thing is, and this is like classic old school social media network stuff, but I just did it naturally was just like and comment people's posts. Now there's a lot of scammy kind of approaches where they say go, like, like blast five posts, and then send a personal message when you friend request them. I think that's, like, too obvious and too easy to see through. But I've, I don't know how many contacts I've built and how many people I've gotten to know where it's just, I just interact with their stuff, then don't do it like a stalker, I just do it. Like, I stumble upon them. And we resonate, which is exactly how it happens for me. So those are two things. The third, and this is a little bit more difficult to just kind of scale. But I asked like if I interact with somebody, I asked what what's the biggest objective you have for this year, just so I can put it in the back of my mind and connect you with people as I see the opportunity. And that's it. It's just very generic, very just chatty kind of conversation. And I don't offer to solve it right there on the spot. Unless I have like a key person. Then like, Oh, do you know so and so I think they might be able to help with this. Do you mind if I introduce you and that's it. So network connecting solving their problems. Those are always that I've used to build fantastic relationships with great people over time. And yeah, I think that's the I think that's the most useful advice I can give on that.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai