Matthias Miller  00:33
Well, good going to be doing this step again not getting any warmer. It's I was sitting on top of the heater for a while. I feel pretty good. But it's not making its way over here yet. I'm like 10 feet away from it. It's just radiant heat. I think we just got to give it time to time to catch up. Hey, Dwayne.

Speaker 1  01:00
Hey, I saw you had snow over the weekend. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:05
he got blasted.

Speaker 1  01:10
So funny story year ago, in October, beginning of October, I was at sea Christa. And the day I left it was 80 degrees in Denver. The next day, she sends me pictures and they had like, let us know. Like, you're confused.

Matthias Miller  01:30
Yeah, we are confused around here. We're confused. I get to driving into work on an ice and probably will get to drive home on clear roads. But

Unknown Speaker  01:42
you guys say by the end of the day, you're going to be biking in shorts.

Matthias Miller  01:51
Don't rush it, Dwayne.

Speaker 1  01:56
was weird. And, you know, February in the springs, when we were there, like, you would go from one week being, you know, eight inches of snow to 60 degrees the next week. And

Matthias Miller  02:08
this is weird. Yep. Yep, exactly. Exactly. We are we are well loved by roofing companies. Let's say that, especially in the springs.

Matthias Miller  02:27
All right, well, it's the wrong database. Alright. So Dwayne, you missed me, it's kind of the overview. But I think you saw on the calendar invite, we're going to take a look right now at kind of the data model. And understanding how the database works, how things, how some of those things are structured. And that will hopefully give you a context. Next we're gonna dig into detail screens. For the second session, you'll be a part of and then the last one, today, we'll be digging deeper into reporting. So let's talk about data models. Just a few basic terms to get to get started, just some basic components of of our systems, I'm going to share my screen again here. Pulling up a demo system here, we have our menu. These are called menu pages, each tab is called a page. Each of these there are different record types, we'll get more into that a little bit in just a little bit. Each individual contact here, as an example is a record, a record is a set of fields that are of a specific type. records are stored as individual components on on disk. The detail screen is what we use to refer to this screen right here. So it's tied to, you know, when we talk about a detail screen, we can either talk about it generally, in terms of kind of this type of interface across the board. Or, for example, in this case, we may refer to it as a contact detail screen, in which case, we're referring to this specific layout. On detail screens have have controls or fields on them. And but it's basically just the user interface that are used to edit an individual record. Something that we're not going to get into much, but there is something called an X 30. And that's a technical term. There's a history to that. That probably isn't all that interesting. But these are how we how we do imports. So if we look for next 30 here, we'll see here we have a county import to import counties into the system. You can browse on the server, or you can upload a file from your computer. And that's another way one of those ways that we talked about, of importing information in reports. is simply a way for pulling data, it's a spreadsheet view may have prompts at the beginning, the prompts may or may or may not be shown immediately. So sometimes when you pull it up, you'll see this, these are called Ask prompts. When you fill them in, the resulting everything, if you put if you fill them in everything that's that's put in is called Ask answers. So we're going to search for every email with.com. And you'll see here, actually, let's let's do here, we add this to favorites, you'll see the, this is the report pass, which isn't a true filename. This is actually something that would be good to get to you at some point, I'm not sure when, but let me make a note. I'm just gonna throw this at the end, and we'll see we'll see when we get to it.

Matthias Miller  05:58
But you'll see here at the end, the email equals, quote, calm quote, these are called Ask answers. Those are the answers that were provided for the prompts that we that we, that we had. And then there are fields. So field is a field, if you have a record, a record consists is of a specific type. And a record has many types of field has has many fields on it. So in this case, fields may be visible on the detail screen, or they may be hidden. They're very simple, various reasons for them to be hidden. But for example, here's a simple tool called show field information on any detail screen, you can use it, and you can click, and you can see the underlying field field name. And in this case, it's a list type field, and you can see what list it's associated with. And we'll get more into that. So just kind of want to lay those foundational terms. So that we Yeah, as we as we get started. There are three important types of elements in the database, there are records, which are these types of records. And then there are lists. You'll notice here, when I click this, that you saw the list contact types, there is a menu option called Advanced general lists. And if you open that up, and we search for contact types, you'll see the contact types list, we have in this case, we have client employee service provider software vendor. But there are other types of lists in this as well, such as colors. And here's the list of colors. And we'll we'll get more into that as well. Another fairly important component is something called system switches, advanced system system switches, these are global settings, there's not really most of these are platform level settings, we have started moving away from putting a posting that is zone specific settings in here. But for example, a common one that we might set up for new client systems is the email Email Setup to be able to allow them to send and receive or to send email, we don't allow inbound email yet. But Josh has had I mean, we would have the capacity to do that if we wanted to. And there's all kinds of other these, there's all kinds of advanced switches. And then there's also things called less common switches that you really aren't supposed to mess with. And most of these things, you probably don't want to be messing with just a whole lot of these things without understanding the implications. Here, you'll see a few, these are a few app hosting zone settings as well. So yeah, lots of stuff there. Most of these things, anyway, just want to give you those basic components without getting lost in the weeds of that. Alright, so now what I want to give you is is how to kind of those buckets or categories of how you can think of this stuff. So Dwayne, you're in for a real treat, because you're gonna see my awesome drawing skills. There is a big bucket called a server. And this is all of the app hosting solutions right now on the same server. Eventually, we may have multiple servers where some of our databases are on one server and some or another. The main reason for that is simply because of capacity. Rather than paying for more for for, you know, higher level hardware, and maybe maybe a better option to have one machine that's focused for these has these highs and the other one for these clients within that there is a database. And so for each of our clients, there's one database per client. If a client has a test system, they will have another database that runs alongside that, that is completely independent of that has a separate URL, and we have actually To that each of these have their own sub domain, which is separate from their three letter code. So in the case of, we're going to use our internal billing system. So the billing system, three letter code is h z. For reposting zone, the live system is building the app hosting zone, we're going to be creating a test system, we don't have it yet. But we're going to do a test billing dot app hosting zone. So that's the format that we use for our test systems. And again, there's one sub domain that points to a points to this database. Within each database, there is a record type.

Matthias Miller  10:46
So there are multiple record types. And so one of them may, for example, maybe contacts. And the record type has a certain set of fields like if for one record type, all records within that, there's actually subtypes, but we don't use subtypes right now. So and I don't think we will. So we're going to exclude that from here, there are actually record subtypes, where you can have multiple types of contacts with different fields available, or different fields that are actually stored. You can try to reference other very other fields on there, but they're not they will be blank. But for the sake of this discussion, you have a record type. And then they have and then you have multiple records within that. So you may have bill and Frank and Sally and fill in the blank contacts within that. Within the within the record, there are individual fields that get stored. And then there's something called an RG RG stands for a repeating group. And basically what it is, once we get into the system will give you I mean, I'll switch over and show you show you that now give a little bit more context. But it's a set of fields that get repeated. So it's like an embedded spreadsheet with multiple columns. And so, so each each one gets embedded. So you have, you have fields, and then within then you have an RG. And within the the RG, you have here, you have the you have the RG, you have rows, and within the row, you have individual fields. And all of this stuff is in the context of the record with fields. So that's the record right here. All fields are identified by name. Typically the name is prefixed to include the date to indicate a record type. Just because names are or are global, and we don't want we don't want to, I mean you can't have if we just call it name, then well, do you mean the contact name? Or do you mean the some other kind of thing. So this is this gives you a context as far as as far as the structures, as far as this is concerned, kind of gives you an understanding of how hopefully kind of gives you a mental model for how all of these pieces are broken down. One of the things I wanted to touch on here that I wasn't quite sure where to throw this end, but one of the very important things about there's a whole science of data modeling, which is basically how do you create the right buckets to, to represent and model data correctly, that reflects reality and allows you to do the reporting that you need to do and, and some of the some of this is some of this we can hopefully get into into more but one of the rules. As a general rule, all information should be stored only one time within the database. There are exceptions, but as a general rule, that's that's how you want it to be. We can discuss this discuss things differently. So digging into record types, each each record type such as a contact or a wiki or an incident or, or whatever the record type is there are two basic, two fundamentally different types of records. One of them is a is what we call a custom database level. And again, this is a technical term has more history more in the development side, but a custom database level is a record that's auto numbered. So record one is one, next one is two, next one is three, next one's four, and there's a numeric ID that gets assigned, it automatically gets incremented. If you create, if you have three records and the last one is three and you delete record three and create a new one, the new one becomes four, and there will be no record three in your database. There's a second second type that is called a lookup record. And again, this is a technical term but basically these are records that are identified by a string field and the string field is tied to a list in the in the database So an example of this would be the contact record, the contact record is identified by its name. And one of the advantages of using this is that you can now have other you can very easily have other records, such as an incident, the incident can have a field with the assignee that points to a contact record. And and so when you rename the contact record, from from,

Matthias Miller  15:36
I don't know, from Sammy to Sam, then the what gets displayed on the incident automatically gets updated. So that's one of the advantages of having a look using a look of records. So when do you use Which one? Typically, I mean, I think a lot of that depends on me, I mean, accounting transactions, it doesn't make sense to name them, it's just that's just not something that you name wiki documents, those are something that we actually those are actually looked at records Well, we'll get into that that's a bad example I'm actually no Let's go there. So So sometimes we will use look up records with an ID and this is a little strange. But for wikis, like wiki documents are auto numbered, but then we generate an ID called W and then the ID w 0001 w 0002. And one of the one of the reasons we do that is because it allows us to very easily link from a

Unknown Speaker  16:44
white white

Matthias Miller  16:49
I don't know it just makes it makes the linking to that to that easier so so it's it's it's very simple similar to the auto number except that the I mean we do auto number it but the the actual record ID is a string that gets generated based on the on the on that Id

Matthias Miller  17:15
any questions on the record on any of this stuff we're on record types

Matthias Miller  17:28
Alright, so I'm going to jump over into back into the demo system and we're going to dig through some of the actual what types of fields can you store on a record

Unknown Speaker  17:43
set so let's jump over here

Matthias Miller  17:50
one of the most basic ones is a string field a string field is simply a text field it may be a single line it may be multi line, but it is unformatted text whether it is single line or multi multi line simply depends on the height that it is given in the detail screen if it's a tall one it can be multi line if it's a single one it can be single line technically there are ways to to have multi line Let me see if I can do this. Now let's get turned into space. I think there may be I think we try to keep you from from putting line breaks into single line fields may be possible in certain scenarios. So a textfield simple one there is another one called a date field and a date field is just that it is a date. systems can determine whether they want to have a calendar on their dates which basically applies to all dates and ask prompts and detail screens or whether they want to hand enter dates. There are a few shortcuts for date fields such as the letter T will automatically fill it into today I don't believe we don't do a lot of math on that one or it you know shorthand that gets auto formatted again and these are these are stored as a these are actually stored as a number indicating the number of days since time in the very distant past. Okay, never day since since January 119 80. But with the aperture I don't know if we actually do let's try this. All right. Yeah, well, okay, so we support negative values. I don't know I honestly don't Don't know how far back we can go. Looks like is it like 1700 or no?

Matthias Miller  20:11
Anyway, doesn't really matter. Go back into the 1800s at least. So in by storing it as a date allows you to do different types of date manipulation, you can compare two dates against each other, all of those types of things, it's important to have fields be the right type. Because that way you can validate when when it gets inputted, that it's valid, that it's actually valid like that it's a real date, and all of those types of things. We also have numbers. In this case, we have one for compensation. And so you have the numbers can can indicate whether or not they should have commas, some numbers should not have commas, some numbers should have decimals, certain number of decimals, etc. So that's a, that's a configurable on a per field basis. So if you define that on the field, anytime that field is referenced reports will automatically show that that way. And then we have have memos. So memos are basically formatted text. And we have these all these formatting options that are included. The last type is a Boolean, which is simply shown as a textbox on the detail screen. So here's one, contact is active, has two values that can be true or false. Funds story from one of the many horror stories from coding, we have seen people with true false and truthy and falsy, and maybe, and other types of things, but a Boolean cannot be anything but true or false. It is strictly binary. And then the last type of field is a list field, and a list field is tied to what we saw over here. It's tied to a specific list. Now I want to go into a little bit of the different types of lists that we have. There are two types of lists. One of them is called our investor tools owned list. This is not a term, obviously, that we use with our clients. But it's it is it means that it is a list that is hard coded in this system that other people do not have the ability to change. One of these says an example is the activity types list, we'll get into which we might touch on some other time. But when tracking activity, when in our audit trail activity tracking, this is an unchangeable list. There are also lists that are user owned, which means that they have, I think there's a be trying to think what a great one would be because there's some of these that do think this one might be one. All right. All right, so so a user on the list allows users to edit them. A user own list may include. So for an investor to his own list, it cannot have user user items in it. A user own list may have a mix of investor tools, owned items, and user items. The reason why it has invested his own items, you cannot delete them because the database may depend on those lists options being available and present. However, here's here's a good example phone types, we shipped a system with fax mobile and work you you have to have those types, you cannot delete them because we have certain expectations about wanting to look up a mobile number in particular, that we don't want you to be able to delete that list item because we depend on it being there. But you can have a you can have a home, you could have a secondary, you could have a I mean you could have whatever you want to in this you can and if you if you save this and then decide that you want to. We're gonna go ahead and add these. If you if you say them and decide that all the secondary should actually be mobile. You can rename it to mobile you can rename home to say phone should actually be fax you can rename it the fax and it will merge any any records that are currently stored as, as home or secondary, it will automatically convert to facts and merged as appropriate.

Matthias Miller  24:45
If you delete something that's right for reference in the database, you'll get a warning beforehand. So those are those are that's in terms of ownership. Then there are simple lists like this, which are just straight up lists. There are lookup lists, which you'll notice the term Tied to look at record. These are lists that where each item in the list is tied to a record. So the contact record type has an associated list called the contacts list. And in that list, each of these is tied to a record. And so here's the employee record. Here in the list itself contains only the names, but the record contains additional information. And then there's a third type of list called a dictionary list. A dictionary list is a list where there is a left and a right value. A good example and this is used to create associations. In certain scenarios, it's probably not something that we run into a lot. But colors is a great example, we have a list of colors that we are we have provided. But then you can also add additional colors. So you could add, I don't even know what other color you would want to add that we don't have. But you could add another color and specify the Red, Green Blue. So those are the types of lists then we have sorting of lists, lists can be sorted in one of three different three ways. They can be be sorted in ascending order, which means that when you add a list item, or you use the list or you see the list anywhere, such as with contact types, it will be sorted in alphabetical order, when you add to the list, it will be in alphabetic order, you can sort it in descending order. So it'll automatically be sent descending. We almost never use this. But it's possible. And then you have unsorted lists which are in the order that they're defined. So all the so the the investor tools own items are in the order that they're defined in the in the database. And the user owned items are in order that the user added them. Then there are alright so those are fuel types. Any questions on fuel type so far?

Matthias Miller  27:04
I'm gonna take that as a no and awesome job Matthias and I will keep rolling. argies is the cook is is the lingo that we use when we refer to them and client proposals, we often call them embedded spreadsheets because that's a lot more understandable than argies. RG simply means repeating groups. It is a group of fields that are repeated for every single row. And we'll get more more into how the database thinks about them in when we get to writing expressions. Actually, we might talk about that a little bit now. So this is anytime you have multiple rows, that multiple sets of fields that need to be repeated. Some examples here are tracking employee roles tracking compensation history. People are part of multiple organizations, then we we may have an RG for for organizations that they're part of addresses here. This is an RG we don't actually show you the underlying RG but instead we use something called Mr. G's. Which, again, confusing history. But this was the reason it's called that I actually did some digging because I was curious was because it was a way to show previously we did not allow RJs to be embedded, such as here, you had to click a button to pull up the RG. And we wanted to be able to create a way to to show RG fields on the main detail screen. So Mr. g stands for main, but it simply means a control that looks like another control like this, but it's actually tied to a NRG row. So here we have an RG of addresses. So we have address type, type, address, city, etc. And you can toggle from one row to the next using using buttons on the screen. Or if this address or this RG would be embedded, you could select items on the screen and activate the current row accordingly. There are three types of argies. There are unsorted argies, which basically means it's whatever order they get put in there's we can add buttons to move things up and down. There are sorted argies which means that there's some kind of automated sort order. So it might be one of the things we could do is on the organization or G we could sort by organization name, so as soon as you and then what would happen then is as soon as you select it, you would select it and would automatically sorted into that order. The third type of RG is a dated RG and compensation i think is an example of this one. Which means it does mean it sorts automatically by date but Beyond that, there's another special nuance. This is getting a little bit into into expression evaluation. But you'll see here this is a field name. For the start date, the contacts, employee role start date, when you are looking at, at the record context, and you say I want the value for this field, it is an RG field. So there's multiple of them. So the question is, which one do you want. And so we will, if you don't tell us which row that you want, we will give you the first row for a sorted or unsorted RG. But if you are in a data at RG, so we're going to have one here that is for 12. One. If you're in a data RG and you say I want to know what the compensation type is, let's get this back to sort of the right way. I want to know what the compensation type is, it will look at the at the date, and it will say today is 1027. Here, let's let's make this 1021 today is 1027. And the most recent record row that we have is 1021. Were 12. One is in the future. So we will look at 1021. And we will assign that as the active row. And we will tell you what type it is. So if this is if this is let's say the person went from part time to full time to salaried as of 1027, we will tell you that it's that their salary, that's the active row context. When we look at the but but on December 1, if you evaluate that same expression, and you say, what is the contract comp type? time, all right here, let's let's actually I think I can actually.

Matthias Miller  32:20
Alright, so you'll see here, if we evaluate it as of January one, it says so this is just a little bit of magic that says pretend that Today is January one for the sake of the data at argies. So if we evaluate it as a January one, it says part time, if we evaluate it as of 11. One, it says full time if we evaluate it as of 12. One, it says salaried. And so it changes the active role. And what we'll hopefully get into that more once we get into some of the detail screen stuff. Then the last piece I wanted to touch touch on which I don't think which I think is more of a matter of curiosity, you might you might run into some of this stuff in the reports it when we start looking at reports. But there's another important component in the database, which is called an index. And think of it like this, you have a phone book, and the phone book. I mean, imagine the days of phone books actually, back when those were a thing. And those were indexed by last name, comma, first name, I had a friend of mine who started a an auto business, and he called it triple, you know, it was triple A auto automotive, because he wanted to be at the top of the list. And so you have gamed the system. And you know, because he was a he was always at the top of the top of the phonebook. And so, so it was a clever thing, but they're all indexed by by last by last name, first name. So you may have a let's say you have an auto number record, like a transaction that is index based on I mean, I mean by default, you you index it based on the on the auto number, I mean, that's that's a given. So, let's say in the phonebook example now let's let's let's use let's use contacts and phone books to keep this this illustration sane. You know, lookups contacts are indexed by name. That's how they're referred to. And so that's just like a phone book. But let's say that you want to be able to do a reverse phone lookup. How do you do that? Because the only way to do that, is that you have to go through the entire database and look at each of the phone numbers on each of the people and be like, Okay, do you have this phone number? Yes or no? Do you have this phone number? Yes or no? Do you have this phone number? Yes or no. And you may end up looking at this, you know, if you only have 100 contacts, it might not be a problem. But if you have 10,000 contacts, you'll end up having a performance problem because it's going so slow. So we have this concept Have an index, which is kind of like a phonebook that you can create that you can design in the database, you cannot do this on a live system, it has to be built into the system when when when you build it. But that that basically creates your own phonebook. So you could create a phone book that says I want, I want them, I want to know all the phone numbers. And so it'd be sorted by phone number. And so when you want to do the reverse phone lookup, you would say, here's the phone number, and you will look in the index and go to and it would, it has all this magic to go fast, using a process called a binary search, and it goes halfway, and it's like, okay, as it is before, after and it goes jumps up and like, within just a matter of a few searches, it can say, Okay, here's where this should be. Is it in here? And if it is, it can, it says, like right beside that phonebook entry, it says here is the contact record that has this phone number. And so so as you as we get into reports, you may see some reports that have functions in them that say, has like the MDX abbreviation in them. And those are referring to, to references to an index, they're a bit more advanced. You don't have to use them in order to get the reporting tools that you need. But you may have slow reports, depending on what you're trying to pull from the record. Mostly, I just want you to have some kind of context for what they are and what they're for. And, and,

Unknown Speaker  36:28
yeah, all of that.

Matthias Miller  36:29
So that is the core data model. In a nutshell. Any questions from that?

Unknown Speaker  36:46
index, something that can be viewed? I'm essentially a hidden thing.

Matthias Miller  36:55
You can? That's a good question. I'm

Matthias Miller  37:06
not really the best way, let me see. I don't even know if you can get to. Alright. So you can find here's a contact comps, no show less common.

Matthias Miller  37:35
Active classes by listener, Okay, here we go. So you can, you can pull up if you come across an index, we'll get into this more. But you can pull up the definition of the index, where let's go into the accounting system here.

Unknown Speaker  37:52
And let's do

Matthias Miller  37:56
let's see if one of these has an index. She, I don't know we'll get to that later. But well, I'll give you just a little bit here, if I can find where it was. You'll see here, there's an index, there's a function name. So this is, this is the index name right here, active classes by listing them. So so each list item is assigned a unique number. And that's how that's how we allow lists to be list items to be renamed. Like on an incident you have is an assignee, the assignee gets stored as a number. And that number is in a number within the list. And so when we show it, we turn it from a number to whatever the contact name is. So here, we're starting the classes. These are all classes that are active by list number. So in the definition, okay, well, so here's the name of the index, here is the MDX function. Here are some parameters. So here's the index key, what expression Do you want off of that off of that item, and then this is a condition. If there's multiple index keys, which index key Do you want, or multiple records that match it, then you have the key length, which is just how many bytes in the index. And then here's the key definition. So So if the accounting class is active, then we take the list number of the accounting class. And it's a little bit of how it's kind of confusing, but the way indexes work, we turn that into a four byte sequence. And kind of a technical detail. But then if not, this is a little bit of hard coding that said, I mean, it's kind of a constant keyword that says, if it's not active, then don't put it in the index. So what You could do is you could pull up the index, you could take this, you could do both the chart of accounts. And you could do, you could put this in here and

Unknown Speaker  40:18
other different classes,

Matthias Miller  40:22
the class report. And you could put this in here, and it would show you the index value in this case, because we're converting it from a oops, we're converting it into a binary string. If you just remove this part and only show the list number. So this is now a number. So this will just treat as na, so that they're both both have to be of the same type. So either this, this has to be a string, and this has to be a string, which we could do this as well, if you wanted to, but then you can see them underlying value in the index. So so there's no way to actually view the index directly, but you can run reports on the key definition and see what what would what would be generated for a given record.

Unknown Speaker  41:24
And you can do some searches to find available indexes.

Matthias Miller  41:30
Good. Anything else?

Unknown Speaker  41:41
All right. I see something. Nothing. I think that's it for now, as far as other specific questions.

Matthias Miller  41:54
I'm actually wondering. Yeah, okay. Let's, let's, let's, let's do that. I think I think for the I think for the detail screen, I may actually start we may actually start into jumping into reporting in the next one as well. Because I don't think I have that much on detail screens. There's a lot of that that that I covered. Here's already so cool. Well, let's break for a few minutes. Give me a chance to guzzle some water and we'll be we'll be back all right.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai