Speaker 1  00:01
I'm going to record this and we come back to it. And we actually have some kind of training or columns. Now. Let's make this for some reason. Alright, so we're columns work is that everything is divided horizontally into sections, or detail screens, everything's divided into into sections. And these sections will automatically grow or shrink. So if you hide controls, then it will shrink, they will exceed you have a memo here, the way it works internally is that this is in there, you can't have anything below it in the section it has, as you type in the memo, it will push the section further down. But then any given section can have any number of columns. So you can have, you could start with one section up here that has. So in the case, in the case we're looking at here, let's see this back out, you can have one section up here that has three columns, one that has two columns, one that has only one column, and then one here has 123 more columns. Or if you want to have, like let's say you want to have a quadrant, then you could have one with two columns. Next one can have two columns as well. And then you can have your wide one here to only be one column. And then you can go back to two columns down here. But that's how the sections, okay. Does that make sense?

Speaker 2  01:46
Yeah, I think so. Until you said you can't have you have a field and there you can't have things underneath of it? Well,

Speaker 1  01:52
if you have a No, no, well have that one on a memo. So it has to be at the bottom of the section, which normally it will be anyway, just because of the way memos are laid out. But if you want to do a memo, then you can't have a, let's say you have a memo and you want to have a text that underneath it like this. In order to do that, you have to insert another section, well, actually, you can do it, there's two ways you could do it, you do section the whole way across. Or we do have support for sections within columns. So you can actually zoom so you can have, you have full width, these are completely different detail screens here. So the main sections are 100%, full width, broken into into columns. And then you can have sections one more level D. So within within columns, columns can expand and shrink based on visible controls by by inserting sections inside. Okay, so in the case of a memo, it's not, in order to have a control underneath a memo, you would have to insert a section here. So automatically make it move down as the number of rows. Okay. Which really ends up being more of a technical detail than anything else. Trying to think where it would actually one place it could impact. Yeah, I don't know. Maybe it does affect you. Thanks so much. I guess if you had a, if you had a full section, let's say over here, you had a memo here. And then on this other side, you had a text field. And you had a lot of fields here. Mm hmm. In order to get this to work, you would have to break it up into two columns. Otherwise, these controls this control is beyond the bottom edge here. So do you want it pushed out or not? It's unclear. And so we have to resolve that ambiguity by either saying, here's a section or here's a column.

Speaker 2  04:08
Okay. And then can that left, the left section or the left column can move and expand this the right column stays?

Speaker 1  04:19
Well, the right column will mean it'll push this entire line right here, down as it expands. But then if you shrink if you shrink your screen down.

Unknown Speaker  04:36
Let's try this. So let's say you start with 12121. Well actually it has to be one, two, So if you start with something like this, let's actually make this a, let's start over, let's say you have a two column layout

Speaker 1  05:13
with A, B, C, D, when you shrink it down, it will be a, b, c, d, and they will all shrink proportionally. But if you have here, a single one E, then you can never size it down less than b, you have a full width e here, we will never drop down because you can never shrink it that small, because he keeps it from shrinking.

Speaker 2  05:45
Okay. So the others would, the others would drop down in line up with Nate wouldn't

Speaker 1  05:53
know, none of them will drop down. Okay? Because otherwise, if you would do that, and you try to size down in detail screen, then you would end up with something like this. Okay, because he is super wide. And so he will keep you from sizing Decker detail screen. And you'll always have a scroll bar, because if we therefore, these would stay side by side.

Speaker 2  06:26
Okay. All right. So it can get a little bit. If we're going to do multi columns, it's nicer to not have like a full width column and two columns, right? It reduces your ability to, to narrow down the screen,

Speaker 1  06:45
right? So ideally, one way to work around it is, is to have the baby, not have he not be wider than you're like if you know that if you know that clients are going to be pulling it up on find out what resolution they'll be looking it up with. Make sure that he is wider than that. And you're fine. That if you want to if you want to support monitors that are twice as wide, you could do ABCD yank this out. And then when it scrolls for them when you string both of these will drop down. Okay. And then you could also have like, F and G or just f here. It's everywhere you want and then either both or just that drop down.

Unknown Speaker  07:51
Yeah, okay. Got it.

Unknown Speaker  07:54
Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai