Speaker 1  00:14
All right. Alright, so yes, there's no wiki. And this is one I just got started on, I think last week. And again, this one should end up with a nice list of instructions and explanations and things like that. For now, though, we've got this link to the Google Drive folder. And this is something that I think Ellis put together. And it has the master template, it has mock ups for different systems in different different documents. And it has a video down here the LS recorded for doing that. So that might be something actually maybe else and might have a little bit of trouble opening that one.

Speaker 2  01:36
So I know that Google she unrestricted, so I have to ask for okay. I just did that.

Unknown Speaker  01:54
I think I'd be able to do this right here. And editor now like to be able to give that the whole thing. Okay, so I can't share or change permissions. But maybe I can at least for the template. Alright, so then you'll at least have access to that template. And

Speaker 1  03:16
think I can get you access to the video as well. Alright, and I'm actually going to use a you you did request access. I did, yes. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  03:51
So what I'll do, reply to this email and copy you in. And then you'll have what else attended over originally and I'll ask him, go ahead and

Speaker 1  04:22
ask him to make sure Alright, so now I'm sending that over, in that email that comes, he gave a link to a loom video that you could watch. And it'll be out to go over some of the same stuff here on the call. But little bit like a screen recording that he did have nice have that kind of going through some stuff there. Okay, so I think that gets the ball rolling on, on getting you access to what you need. Okay. So then I'll kind of go into the an overview here. Anyway. So we, like you've seen before we use Google Sheets, or for the mock ups. And what we're basically doing is creating a visual here in Google Sheets. And then the based off of the design specs, or as we're planning to start doing, create this alongside the design specs. And to, then the client can have both screenshots of the mock ups, and the, and the text of the design proposal. And then it also helps a lot with the design itself. So for example, the one that I've been working on for CWA. Working on the on the specs has been helpful. And a few friends has been helpful for me to think through and be more familiar with the with the system. And it's been helpful for the developers. Because I've had pretty frequent communications and calls with with not one who's the lead developer talking through how does this work, what does this mean and thinking through things together, and, and so it's been, it's been helpful for them to have extra communication and input on on how things are supposed to look and how things are supposed to work. It is also an eight been helpful all the way around. Because we have, we've caught some things that were missed in the in the text proposal. And we were able to communicate with the client communicate with bias notice and knock in and get things figured out. So on that last point, the idea is that if we can incorporate this into the design phase, it will help us to catch some of those things before the client commits to the project. And then it can be a headache saver, and it can be a money saver, because if we miss something on the proposal, a detail on the proposal, you know, we give a fixed price estimate. And if we we missed something that you know, we we had the end result in there, but we missed something in between. But we still we're still committed to the end results, we're going to give that to them. But then that in between thing that we missed is on us because we we didn't budget for that in our proposal. So it'll help us to catch some of those things and be more accurate in the in the proposal price. And and just have a better idea of what the project is so so that's kind of the story behind it. So basically what we're doing in these in these mock ups is laying out where we're taking the template which would be the standard screen. So for example, the standard standard contact detail or standard contact record. And then we copy this into a new into the mock up that we're working on. And then we edit this to customize it for the client.

Speaker 1  09:26
So the contact the two column contact record here is is still in process. We're just switching that to to Katon to contact layout. And so we still need to work a little bit on on the order of some of these sections. Wait for feedback on Matthias and Ellis on that. But basically we have a standard format and then we could insert other sections. So for like for GW a, they are they're bringing in in some new things into the contacts for their database. So then we take their custom sections and fit them in the right places around the, the standard field. So, so I am working on putting together a more complete template. What I started out with was, wasn't very complete. So

Unknown Speaker  10:29
my Internet's since we've gone slow. You do that in your spare time?

Speaker 1  10:36
I guess you could say that. I was working on a little bit, one day last week and working a little bit today.

Speaker 2  10:44
Yeah, cuz I can see you guys have so much spare time. So right? Right.

Speaker 1  10:50
Camus is and I joke about my spare time, too. So that's basically what we're doing. And what you would do actually, when you start a new, a new mock ups of like, for Echo, you would make a copy of this, of this whole spreadsheet, I think,

Speaker 1  11:17
no need to come up here to file and then make a copy, kind of copy the entire spreadsheet. And then from that copy, you would rename that to be eco mockups or something like that, and, and then you'd work out of that. And it's just a lot of copy and paste, of, you know, doing, you know, doing outlines for things. So, you know, for example, this is simply the words contacts type in one cell here. And then we took another cell and, or group of cells, and you put an outline around it, and that becomes your field. And then if it's a list field, you would put in a little V, lowercase V, that would be right justified. So it's all the way into the right, and you put it Trent gray, and then that becomes your little arrow for a droplist

Unknown Speaker  12:28
kind of like, kind of like this right here. Okay. So it's, you know, it's, it's nothing fancy, it just, it just takes a little while to

Speaker 1  12:44
to get into the, into the groove with it. So, yeah, it's doing a lot of that. And we have some colors that we use for for the background or the section headings. That's one blue that's already in there. And then you just going to create a new section, you copy that and then paste it down below and start putting in other fields underneath. We have buttons. And then for the dark blue buttons on the, on the D scale at low detail screens, we use the dark blue color with white lettering. Other places we use gray buttons, which is a gray background with black lettering and outline and things like that. So it's just a lot of copy and paste and expanding and shrinking and I actually enjoy it I mean it can be tedious and time consuming as well. But it can be it can be enjoyable.

Unknown Speaker  13:55
See how it all plays out with that. Good to see how it all plays out.

Speaker 1  14:02
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's just kind of, I want to be able to keep giving you giving you input and ideas and stuff but it's, it is another one of those things where you just kind of take the market, take the template and start start entering information and and look at the specs go through the specs kind of section by section point by point and and build out a tab on the spreadsheet for for each of those stages.

Unknown Speaker  14:39
So the outcome here is the one that I've been working on.

Speaker 1  14:48
Another thing you'll want to do is to do the the main menu, and in this case I did the advanced menu as well. So this would be looking at The things from the from the proposal from the specs and thinking about what, what reports Do you need, what detail screens Do you need, and then what which of those needs to be to have a link on the, on the menu, one of the menus.

Speaker 1  15:28
And then you end up with a tab down here for for each of those. And so like with, with Weaver land I've got, it turned into a pretty massive, pretty massive spreadsheet here with lots of tabs. So anyway, I'm just gonna go through some of this stuff. So this would be a report, again, I would have would have a report template, where you then copy that page, and when you copy over the whole spreadsheet, and then you know, predict your different reports, you copy the report page again, and then customize the information for that. And then you would show the drop down list like we've got here for the contacts in the real database that drops down in front of the report. But here on the mockups, if it's small, I was just putting it here above the the lions report, if it was going to be a big, big drop down, I just put it down underneath. And so some of this stuff is defined in the in the specs, you'll be able to open it with after a certain set of prompts. Or it'll have these filters with these options for grouping. But some of it is also kind of thinking through what what are they going to need, what, how are they going to want to sort their data, things like that. And then again, this was just by these lines are out of that just again did by, you know, scoping out the area like this, and then putting a border down the left side a border across the bottom or up the right side. And then going across here like this, put a border across the top, like that put a border up the right side type of thing. So we did that with reports. And then you'll be changing the headings, the column headings, and doing them different widths. It's nice when a column can be three cells wide, and then you just put the heading in the middle. So and have it be healthy centered. So it can be nice and centered in there. If if it's an even number, like like here, not not this one, I didn't get this one centered before cells and this one's in second cell. So then I'm actually going to do is add spaces to push it over to about the center. some reason keeps logging me in as Mathias changing it because it shows you know who made the edits. And

Unknown Speaker  18:44
people know that I was on making the edits. If you have questions or you go back and check things

Speaker 1  19:01
all right. So there's that that's just a quick overview on reports and whatever you on details, so this is configuring. So we're we're setting certain things or funded names or the congregation names, things like that. And so we have a section heading this would be like

Speaker 1  19:32
and if you if you ever have questions on on how something should look, you can go into and find something similar in mys or into the demo system. Which do you know if you have access to the demo system yet? I

Speaker 2  19:48
did I have a couple of links that I've been working off of.

Speaker 1  19:53
Cool. Yeah, that's that's what I was doing. I've been doing a lot of looking at Mrs pages and Mr. System pages, yeah. Good. Cool. So then this would be example, here of configuration detail, or this guy, this is a configuration report. And then you click one of them. And this is a configuration detail. So then when going to make one in the mockups won't make that look like that you have the blue bar across the top of the title, you've got the whatever the fields are that you need. And in this case, I have the created by and last modified by lines in there instead of modification history. I don't know. I don't know if it makes much difference. I probably do need to put modification. Well, that's one thing that developers will probably do if they deem it necessary. within Islam and things I'm not sure that missed a bit, the real one has modification history instead of created last modified in Tim, how do you get that note in there? Again?

Speaker 2  21:19
I know it's a shortcut. I think your your name and the date whenever you're updating something. Oh, yes, that is

Speaker 1  21:29
over here to the wiki page. That is Ctrl, D. D is in dog. D as in dog. Yeah. Thank you. Yep. And then there's also this, this option here? If you forget that, or if your keyword is working. Okay, you can come up here and this little hand on the keyboard or something?

Speaker 1  21:58
Yep. So that's a that's a configuration detail. And then here is a search prompt. Yeah, I'm not sure if there's a lot to say here. Oh, I guess one thing I should mention, I was putting in notes in italics as, like documentation or communication notes. So anything in italics is either example data or for a note, okay. So here, this, I want I have this in regular font, because active is actually how it's supposed to default. But it's also supposed to have snooze, inactive and all as options. But I want it to default to active so that's, that's why I had that one. Regular fun. Here I had this in italics just to let the developers know that this is supposed to be a list of all in state agents. This was the list of all contact types. So I've been doing some of that I think I started out doing more of this with italics. And then as it went on, I started doing more of actually commenting using the comment feature and actually leaving a comment on a cell Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure which way they prefer. Again, we're another one of the things we're we're doing a lot of learning and figuring things out right now. We're just starting out doing doing these on the Mr. side, outside. One thing in the wiki, to the database mockups wiki, there should be a should soon be a where you call it a style guide. Then our finished product, but it but it's a lot of information about about how we what the standard ways of doing things. So for one example is the buttons. We use blue buttons on detail screens, and gray buttons pretty much everywhere else. So this is a asked prompt instead of a detail screen. So it's a great gray button. This is a we don't have any buttons here. But if there was a button at the top of a report, it would be a gray button. But on a contact detail the buttons are blue with the, with the white text. And another another style guide item is that we use, we use buttons for actions and links for navigation. So I said this should almost be a button. Because it's an it's an action, it's something that we're exporting something that we're doing. But here it says View contacts claims. So I'm navigating to another page to view that here, I guess well, I guess printing would be usually that opens a another page with a PDF. So I guess that would be could be considered to be a navigation. But like if we're generating something, or adding something here adding or deleting a row, adding a vehicle things like that, those are actions that we're taking more than just going to another to another page. So some of the stuff I think maybe it's not quite as consistent as it could be. But that's the general idea that a button is for an action and links are for. For like when you're linking from one page to another. And again, this is something like something that that you can see kind of based off of precedent, what we have in other places

Speaker 1  26:59
like in the regular contact detail. Down here in the invoices, section, view invoices, create invoice, and statement are all links. Same with you incidents and create incident. So then, you know, then you can use do the same for for these things in the in the mock up. And then for this for that link looks then we would set the set the font to blue and underline the text to use Ctrl u to underline which I probably Yeah, there you go, you got to select it and come down to format and click on underline.

Speaker 1  28:17
So that is that another thing to be like as your computer communicating with the client. Once you get the rough thing bill and you're working with a client, make sure that what we have is what they want. One at one question to ask is, how do they want things laid out here? Like is there a certain order in the way that they operate, they'd be nice to have the screens laid out. We have some limitation on that with our standard screens needing to keep certain things in certain order. But we tend to give it a customization of putting putting in new sections, different places and whatnot. So that's one thing that we want I would like us to go to do do more of is it ask the client Hey, how do you want to lay this out what what makes most sense for the way you all do things that make more sense to have the address up toward the top or on the right or down below that type of thing. helps make it more user friendly for each each client. Any questions so far? Okay. For an RG this would be an example here. Again, this is something that if you want to create an RG you just go to the to a page on the on the template or on the page of the markups notebook that you're working on. For mockups spreadsheets you're working on and just copy another RG and paste it over into the tab that you're working on. And then you can, you can make it larger or smaller. So I'll just give an example here.

Unknown Speaker  30:17
I'll do this whole section here. If I would want to add another vehicle Varese to some other some other page, I'll just scroll down here

Speaker 1  30:31
as an example, I guess Copy that, paste it. And now I've got it copied and then you know I can maybe re label this, take out my notes. And I don't need it this wide, because maybe all I need to put in is the year make model and license plate and a link. So I would take this, control x and Ctrl V, move that over here. And then I would take this, chop that off the end and put it right there. And then all of this, I can just get rid of because I don't need that. So I'll delete it or hit backspace or delete to get rid of the text and then the ctrl hold down Ctrl and hit the backslash button right above the Enter key that removes all the formatting. And just takes it all the way. So that's, you know, background color lines around it. If you have text in it, it won't delete the text, but it will, if your text was bold or underlined, or a certain color or italics, it'll clear it and take it back to just just regular text. You could also scope something and come up to format and click Clear formatting. Alright, there it gives you the control black backslash shortcut. And then here, maybe I don't want this RG to be quite this tall. So I'll take the bottom row or two and

Unknown Speaker  32:20
cut it and bring it up to here, paste it back in, oops.

Speaker 1  32:29
Maybe I'll show I'll take a few rows, cut it up here, paste it back in. And then these include the formatting. And now I've just shrunk by our G from as wide as it was down to something smaller. And now I've gotten a nice little RG that I put together. And this actually does not need to be pulled up pulled up here either. And some of these things are probably not super critical. But they do help. Oh sure. To make it look better and better perspective for the developers working on it. So yeah, so it's a lot of copying, pasting. Again, these little things here, actually, I think those are Yeah, this I think is a v and this is the, what they call that little carrot. Little up arrow, shift six into that. So anyway, but you can also do that with copying and pasting. Same with. Same with the little checkboxes. You can put a checkbox in somewhere, you can just go somewhere else that has either a fill checkbox or an empty checkbox, and copy it and paste it in. Those are Yeah, those can go right in line with the text. So

Speaker 2  34:21
So Tim, have you done a lot of work with Excel spreadsheets?

Speaker 1  34:27
Not a lot. I've messed around with them some, but I've never gotten into Well yeah, I've never built big ones myself. I've messed around with the big one a couple of times.

Unknown Speaker  34:41
Similar they were

Speaker 1  34:43
it should be very This is Google's version of Excel. So So yeah, the Yeah, formulas and a lot of the stuff. A lot of the features are going to be very similar. If not, if not the same. Yeah. Hey, we have been diving into the world of mockups. Awesome.

Matthias Miller  35:15
Cool. Yet Another one. Another fire hydrant for Monday to try to inhale from. Good, good, good. Yeah, where did you did you want to start on the list that we've got? Or do you guys have more here that you wanted to cover?

Speaker 1  35:43
Um, I think we're good to go to the list and then and then maybe tomorrow, we can go over the girl more than mockup stuff. And many of you have time later this afternoon or tomorrow to start poking around with with mockups if you would Yes, if you want to go ahead and make a copy of the template and save it as eco and just start poking around and making some stuff and we can talk about it more tomorrow.

Unknown Speaker  36:19
Sounds good on our on our call. And I'll try to hopefully keep building out this this mockups guide you know in my spare time at all

Unknown Speaker  36:38
and have a guide for us in that. Do you want to stop the recording and start a new one?

Unknown Speaker  36:56
Sure. Let's actually you're the host so you can do

Unknown Speaker  37:00
that. And sure enough, I had to log on to

Unknown Speaker  37:08
start

Speaker 1  37:09
to do to do the record. Do screen sharing. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  37:17
Can I just put you in as an alternate host to settle it takes?

Speaker 1  37:22
I think so. Yeah. And I have Mindy and I both can be alternate hosts. I think


Transcribed by https://otter.ai