Matthias Miller  00:03
Alright, so what I want to talk about today is is more about going more in depth into the actual design process and what the design process looks like, looks like how you engage with it, and kind of how to make that work. I don't know, if it's actually possible to give you give you, it's probably not possible to give you all the tools that you need to actually feel comfortable doing it. But it might be, might be possible to give you the tools that you need to actually get started with it. So one of the things I didn't talk about that I thought would be really helpful to talk about is, is talking about how to conceptualize, conceptualize the database, the data model, when, so there's a whole science behind this, and there's people who, who do nothing but this day, like they spend their lives doing this kind of thing. And, and we're not going to go that deep into it, but I think it'd be, I think you guys could find it really helpful. So one of the common, it's pretty common to use flowcharts to kind of conceptualize data models. And it can be a really useful way to kind of get context and kind of find a way to, to understand it. So so so typically with that, the way that the way that's done is you have you have, say a contact record. And then you have individual fields listed on that indicate the fields that are on there. And then let's say that you have an incident record. And one of them one, so you have a title, you have a memo and then one of them is an assignee, and the assignee field points to this. And so you can see just based off of this, what are the different record types that exist. There might be in addition to the assignee, there may be there's a billable contact, which points back to the contact as well. etc, etc, I'm trying to think of what are the things that tie into contacts, you would have a timecard where the employee field also links back to that you have a here's a good one user profile where on the contact, you have a user profile field that points back to the user profile. Another one that we have is going to be helpful for the context of discussion is going to be the organization. So currently, organization is a different type of record from a contact. So a contact may have an organization may be associated with an organization, but isn't, but they're not the same thing we treat them as separate entities, we're actually planning to make them the same record type. So this is kind of going to go away but but on this on a contact you can have an organization that points to an organization record. So as you do this, you can kind of get get you can you can start to visualize I mean, this is this is really rough and, and really terrible. But you can start to visualize how how these things are. Hobbies, things are connected. And with this, there's, there's a, there's a there are different types of relationships between records. And these aren't necessarily terms that we use frequently within the design, design sessions but or even in the proposal, or even even really that much interacting with developers but i think i think the context or the concept can be incredibly helpful in understanding how to do how to do that. One of the most common relationships is a one to one to many relationship. So in the case of a contact, you can have one contact and have it be assigned to multiple incidents. And it can be assigned to multiple you can have multiple incidents assigned to build to it on a timecard you can have one contact and they have multiple time cards because I mean, or they can't have multiple time cards because just just I mean yeah there's there's no restriction about just having one. There's Also a many to one relationship, which is

Matthias Miller  05:11
sorry, I'm trying to think when you'd actually have a one to many. So one.

Matthias Miller  05:27
Think of a good example of something like that. Maybe

Unknown Speaker  05:38
would it be something like sales items and an invoice

Matthias Miller  05:46
so there, there you have actually, that's a really good one, we'll get to that one. I think that the many to one is basically the inverse of a one to many. And so so for the sake of this discussion, like the incidents have a many to one relation, relationship with a contact, a contact has a one to many relationship with the incident. In the case of, of, Okay, let's say, let's do invoices, so invoices have all kinds of fields, and then they have an RG within them, of sales items. And then we have a sales item record over here. And the sales item. Yeah, the sales item. So it kind of depends whether you think of this from an RG basis, or from a invoice basis. From an RG basis, it is a buy well. It is a many to one from a invoice basis. It's many to many, so. So that I mean this is this is a great example for many, many to many relationship, you can have multiple invoices, tied to multiple sells items, and vice versa. Another example of that is the contact field on the contact field in the demo system, we allow you to specify multiple organizations, which means that there's the contact record, maybe you can be linked to many organizations, that the organization can be linked to many, many contexts, multiple contexts. Then there's also the one to one relationship where there's exactly one tied to exactly one. And I don't think people usually talk about, it's either trying to think there's a Yeah. Anyway, and there's actually one more that we'll get to, um, there's a so for a user profile record, Mindy, this is a little context for you. But the platform has something that's called a user profile record that is used to handle authentication, audit trail, just to identify people and understand what they're doing. But we have linked that to a contact. So on the contact record, we actually have a user profile field where you select what the user profile is, and link the contact back to the user profile. So for example, we'll I'll walk through these these through in the live system in just a moment, then we can actually see them, I think that that'll help even further solidify, but there's only one supposed to be one contact, link to one user profile one user profile to one contact, like you can't. Yeah, I mean, it just doesn't doesn't make sense any other way. Then there's one last type of relationship that I actually forgot to include in my notes, and that is the self referencing relationship. And a good example of this would be if you have if we would have parent and child incidents. So imagine that you could have an incident that's like the main job, and then you spawn off child incidents that are like sub points of that. And so what would you do in that case, is you would have a parent parent incident, that would be a self referencing relationship. Or another possibility would be if you have a customer or a contact and you track referrals, so the referral would be self referencing. Another example of what we're going to do is we're going to we're going to merge contacts in Oregon. And organizations are going to be a type of contact. So a contact can have. So, so an organization cannot specify an organization, but a contact can. But, but we'd have a contact, and the organization would actually be, again, self referential, and it would refer to itself. But we would make sure that you can only specify it have a certain type of contact record, which would be an organizational contact, or an organization contact. Um, any questions on this piece so far?

Speaker 1  10:42
Just to clarify, you're talking specifically about relationships between record types here, correct? That's great. Because we don't necessarily have like a contact that is self referencing, but we can have contact types. I mean, one contact organization can reference another record of the same type, or have the same Yeah.

Matthias Miller  11:08
Yes, I well. Can you rephrase your question or just

Speaker 1  11:17
so we wouldn't have a contact? A contact an individual contact that references itself? Right, but we would have a record of the contact type that record reference references, another contact type record? Yes. Yes, we're talking specific types here, not specific individual records.

Matthias Miller  11:41
That's exactly right. That's exactly right. So yeah, set another way. I mean, it set it more specifically, if you have a contact record for Bill Frank, then self referencing field, it doesn't make sense for the self referencing field to refer to Bill Frank himself, it would be but self referencing here just means it refers to another contact, because it's 100%.

Matthias Miller  12:12
So does it so and these like little chicken feet, whatever, or you are somewhat common. Or there's different ways of doing it, I don't know all of the details about me. There's, there's standards about this, but it's one of the ways of referencing or indicating those, those relationships, using dotted lines to indicate optional relationships, I believe there's a whole there's a whole standard behind it.

Matthias Miller  12:49
I don't even know where I was going. Mindy. Mindy, do you have any? Any thoughts or questions on this make sense? Okay, so I want to jump in now. And I want to actually take a look at a handful of items in the demo system.

Matthias Miller  13:15
So we have this

Matthias Miller  13:26
Alright, so the as an example of the content, let's do the

Matthias Miller  13:38
see the contact record. So here's an example of the one to one, we have the contact record. Here's the user ID. And the and here is the user profile record that's associated with that. So there's an example of one to one. We have the invoices, example invoice, and that one just has one. But no one actually is the same one. Here, let's go for Oh, we really don't believe in doing multiple ones in the same. There we go. Where you have multiple sales items, linking to each invoices, multiple sales items, and sales items can be can be used in multiple invoices.

Speaker 1  14:36
I know there we also in this one, we have accounting transactions LinkedIn, YouTube.

Matthias Miller  14:43
And there you would have a one to one to many relationship because accounting transaction shouldn't be well actually no, it's a many to many because theoretically, if somebody pays for two invoices at a time, like and again, I don't know if we actually support this or not. If somebody pays for two invoices at a time, then it could be then yeah, it could end up as a main to many relationship.

Matthias Miller  15:14
Yeah. So I mostly wanted to give that give that to you for context, I don't know if it'll actually be helpful or not, I don't do these types of diagrams, I have a lot of that kind of in my head. If it's helpful to actually diagram some of these things out, I'm more than open to that. There's also just a handful of rules. I mean, there's there's a lot of rules about data modeling. Typically, you know, typically, you want to use the, you want to use the right type. And so for example, in one of our systems, we are tracking measurements. And so sometimes you'll want to have an underlying field that actually is a numeric value, but then have something, you know, an editable text field or something like that, or a list field or something like that, that, that formats in a in a way that is that's that makes sense to the, to the, I guess, to the human. So an example would be the pitch, one of the examples we ran into is the pitch on a roof. I don't know exactly what we did it, but pitch on a roof is always over 12. But people think about it as x over 12. And so and so you might store the the numerator, as a as a hidden field and have an editable expression. That, that allows you to modify that. So which I don't even know how much we've talked about that. But one of the one of the things that we that we do, that we do sometimes is. So let's let's jump into this again, because this I think is probably a good place to go. I don't think we talked about editable expressions at all, either. Alright, let me get back to editable expressions. So that's one of the rules, you want to use the best type for the for the for the job, if somebody wants to track a date, it's better to use a date field if at all possible. If it wants to track a number, use a number field if possible. Like it's it's there. There are a few exceptions where you need to bend the rules, or where they really don't want any need to do that much reporting or anything on it. But but that's as a standard rule. The other kind of standard rule is sorry, did you have a question on that? Okay, another kind of standard rule is at any any given point of time you want the database to be consistent and to make sense. Most of this is on the shoulders of the of the actual database platform to make sure that when when you make modifications to the database, that you can make them all at the same time. And so that either they all succeed, or they all fail. One of the places where this breaks down is where you have, we have records that are dependent upon each other, and then making sure that those those records actually actually are consistent. I'm trying to think of an example I know we ran into been running into this recently with zfp.

Matthias Miller  18:23
Then example is in zfp, we are tracking buildings, and then we're tracking the time spent building those buildings. And so if you, if you save the if you want to if you say this building is you have two different parties responsible for this one party says, okay, I've built the building, and then they send the paperwork to somebody else. And they put in all the time spent actually building the building. So you have two people responsible for it. Somebody says, Oh, I built the building. But we don't have all the timesheets yet. Somebody else is responsible for putting all the timesheets in. At what point? Do you complain? Because in the timesheets are, I guess technically it's not separate records? It's a little bit of a different issue. But say the timesheets would be stored as completely separate records. And what point do you do you validate that? I mean, there is there's the database, maybe temporarily inconsistent because it says that the building was built. But we don't actually have had the time tracking completed for that. So there are definitely exceptions. It's not like you can control it all the time. But But if it's possible to, if I think many times it makes sense to try to make try to allow the database to be to remain in a consistent state. I don't really have any other great examples of that. But it is yeah, it is something, something to keep in mind. With the way that our database is structured, if there is are some of those kind of inter inter record relationships that need to be maintained and monitored. It's it's usually end up needing to do some kind of warning on save on To validate that relationship, or maybe having some kind of report alert or email alert that that flags those. And there was another rule that I mentioned yesterday that I just want to recap again here, which is that data should should usually be stored only once. There are definitely exceptions that we make to this. But usually they should data should only be stored, stored once in the database.

Speaker 1  20:36
Then stored stored once and referenced, possibly many times, Yep, exactly

Matthias Miller  20:41
reference many times. And so along with that, one of things I didn't talk about either yesterday, I mean, we kind of touched on yesterday, but with the example of the virtual argies. It's not that we don't show information from other records. On it's not like one record can't show information from another record, like on the An example would be on the incident, when we're when we're tracking billable incidents, we show the the total time, the build time on that incident. But the information isn't stored. The only information that's stored on the on the actual incident is payment history. And, and the build rates. There's an example where it makes sense to well, or it's actually in this case, so there would have been two ways to do the build rates as an example, for the build rates, we could have had an RG on the on the on the contact record to indicate when those you know if those billing rates change, however, there are situations where clients get billed different rates. And so there's an example where it does make sense just to copy those rates over and and have them live on the contact record. I'm sorry, live on the incident record. Even though Yeah,

Matthias Miller  22:19
I think I think the biggest thing to think through with that is if you do have it stored in multiple places, I mean, again, there needs to be a good reason. And what happens when standard billing rate changes, or when the if there's like a source field or master fields, what happens when that changes? Do the others need to update? And if the others need to update then for sure you You shouldn't be doing it. Or Well, I say for sure. But again, there's some red flags with that.

Matthias Miller  22:59
All right, we were we were scheduled for a break now do you guys want to? We can do that. And we can jump jump back on? Or did you guys want to keep going for a bit?

Unknown Speaker  23:13
I don't mind going for longer.

Matthias Miller  23:15
Okay. Alright, so just a few more, a few more pieces in the in the design model. And I'm kind of let me rearrange a little bit of this stuff. Actually, now let's, let's keep going where I was going. Alright, so I want to jump into a little bit about the actual process of gathering information for a proposal, kind of the basic, the basic structure that has emerged over time is kind of this overview, kind of the sets of detail screens, the data entry, and the reporting. And then there's all the kind of the pricing and terms that get added once the proposal has been drafted. And and that's like a very rough, imperfect and precise and precise and precise structure. Another way to think about it is the overall review and objective, what information needs to be put in and what's the information that needs to come out? Typically, there's it kind of flows with the with the story, because most times, I mean, most time that's times that flows with the business story. So I kind of struggle. I mean, besides the session that I did that yesterday, I kind of struggle with with really telling you like how do you do this? I think there's a few things that are really helpful. One is, one is the better that you're able to conceptualize the data model, understand how this is going to translate into actual an actual system, the more proficient you're going to be at the design phase. But I think one of the things that's required is just a willingness to ask questions and to learn and to be curious. I think I think here's a place where it can be really helpful to understand your Colby Mo, both of both of you share the same pattern where you will, where you'll gather information, and then you'll create the structure and to plan around that information. And so and so your, your model may look very different than mine. But basically, basically the approach that I've always taken is a very iterative approach. So it's kind of like, let me let me take a look at everything that they've presented so far. And let me let me just ask a bunch of questions. And let me understand it as well as I can. And then let me take it back. And let me try to structure it and tease apart the pieces and figure out what this would look like. And then based off of that, I'm going to identify new gaps that are in the design that I didn't think about or that I didn't realize, and then I'm going to, I'm going to going to take care of that. Well, and then that gives me a whole set of questions that I can bring back to them. And I asked him those questions, work through that, get those answers, integrate those back into the design, it may mean that there's some different things that need to be tweaked different things that need to be adjusted. Look for more gaps. What are the things that what are the things that they might not be thinking to tell me? What are things that is, is all the information that's in the is all the information that's in there is is it reportable in a meaningful way? So for example, if they're tracking any kind of date history, I mean, I don't even think some of this stuff is is in my head, I don't even really know. Actually, here's a good question for you guys. I think this is a question that would that would serve you very well, is using the information that they're putting into the system? How can we prevent problems for them? Are there are there? You know, in terms of scheduling, are there other aspects of the scheduling, where there there could be gotchas, and again, not necessarily looking for all of the edge cases and all of the exception cases, but generally speaking, like, like, they may be looking for some kind of scheduling issues, but they might not think to, I don't know, certain types of reports that that might be helpful to understand more of what's going on. And other types of types of reports that people I've seen people really jump on is different types of attribution reports. So I want to know why. Like, I want to know, I want to know trends, I want to have just anything that gives them a deeper insight, a data driven insight into kind of into their business. Again, it kind of depends on the client on how much they want that.

Matthias Miller  27:54
And so and so for me, it's really been this process where you you do that you iterate you do it again, you iterate you do it, again, you iterate, you do it again, it does mean that the on most of these situations, you'll get to this point where you'll I think you'll consistently have to stop yourself at the 80% I have 80% enough information, and be willing to go with that, and, and draft a version based on that, that that you think might work. And, and use that to get to any iterate because it's impossible, from at least from my experience, I'm happy to be proven wrong, but it's impossible with from the on the onset, without actually fleshing out what that's going to look like to be able to do that in a single session.

Matthias Miller  28:57
One of the things that I've also found really helpful is, most times in the sales opportunity, he does a really good job of kind of overviewing, the big picture objectives. And so that kind of gives you the, like the big structure. And even if you don't have that, from the sales opportunity, you can get that from from an initial call. So what are the big pieces that you want to track? What are the big things, what are the big pieces you want to accomplish? And then from that you can start like, you can isolate like they want to, you know, I don't know whatever their first objective is, you can start digging deeper into that and putting together the pieces of that, and then digging into the second 1/3 one and just kind of continually said so you kind of start with this broad brushstrokes and you just fill out the detail as you as you go. Another question that can be helpful is kind of what are the pieces in process that are stable and stable across time? And what are the things that are systematic and consistent and what are the things that are very consistently variable. And what are the things that are just edge cases. Sometimes people will want to track and a good zag is an example where they wanted to try, I forget what it was or something they wanted to track on the billing. And I don't know what we actually decided that one of the things that we discussed was it seemed to be, in this case, we didn't really need need much reporting on it, they could just stick it into some kind of billing notes, and track it that way. And so they're definitely again, there, there are definitely situations where it's better to use unstructured data, like a memo, where people just type it in versus trying to trying to structure it. A lot of this comes down to kind of a cost benefit payoff. Sometimes it's really just not worth I mean, if they really don't need to report on it. If it's really an edge case, etc. One of the things that's helpful helpful to look for is kind of exception cases anomalies. And then figuring out how do you either accommodate them or eliminate them?

Matthias Miller  31:21
Any questions on that? Like, what would you guys want to know? If I, if I told you that tomorrow, each of you are responsible for working with the client on the design process? I'll be available to kind of coach you between phone calls, but Ready, set go tomorrow? What questions would you want to have answered before you get on the phone?

Speaker 2  31:48
What type of information they're looking for? Well, what do they want out of the program?

Matthias Miller  31:58
And that's actually a question that you would be asking them? Sure. Yep.

Speaker 1  32:11
I guess one thing would be what are we given some ideas for specific questions to ask and specific things to think about, but that would be that would be something else that would be handy would be to have more of those specific question types. specific things to look for. So obviously, you mentioned what are the big pieces of project and that's something that is helpful then to start creating that outline, or one of those main points. So the outline, so to speak, but then, you know, what are the you mentioned? What are the exceptions or educate cases? How do we handle or eliminate them? How do we avoid problems with the data data? They're entering? Things like that. But what are other specific types of questions? That that you'd ask I

Matthias Miller  33:17
think some of this goes back to its that's a good question. So how do you drive it down to more specificity? I think some of this goes down to

Matthias Miller  33:34
asking them about the story. I still think it's very powerful. So so specific questions, maybe

Matthias Miller  33:51
when I think putting yourself into the world and asking them questions about their world, so let's use the newspaper as an example. One question would be

Matthias Miller  34:04
when, when somebody when somebody picks up the phone and calls you with an ad, and calls you that, you know, they want to want to run an ad. What do you do? Ask them what questions they ask them. When, you know, what, what information do you need to do you want to track about that person? When do they submit the ad? How often do ads run? Do they just run once do they run multiple times.

Matthias Miller  34:54
Think Sir, another way to reframe it that would help you get specific questions.

Speaker 1  35:12
Well, basically what I'm hearing you say in this, I mean, what we do is, is try to get them to tell us how the how their process works. Yes. And then, and then we ask more details on different aspects of that break, like you were talking about yesterday, where you, you have a process for something, and then you can have subprocesses isn't that so then breaking down each of those and into their essential elements, basically, and, and then putting that all together. So it's doing that, and it's also trying to put yourself in their shoes, and think through how things should work. And even see if there, if you can see gaps in their current process.

Matthias Miller  36:05
So here, here's I want to hear what you guys think about this. Here's one way to frame it. So one way to frame it is it Think of it like this, I'm a business owner, I'm the client. And, and when I asked you to come in, I am almost asking you to come in as an operations manager. So imagine, so let's flip it around. Imagine that each, you know, for each of you, you're stepping into a business, you have a role as an operations manager. And you're, you are responsible for figuring out, like, let's just say, whether whether operations really RMS or not. I'm like, like, it's up to you to step in there. What do you actually what would you actually need to know, in order to run it operationally. Now there's, there's some things that you don't need to know, you don't really need to get to know the people. Just because that's doesn't really impact. Well, there's pieces of it, where it might impact it, but you don't really need to get to know the people, but you need to know how things work around here. It's almost like, but if you take it from that, from that mindset, it's not it's not from the mindset of a new employee, because a new employee is trying to fit into what's already working, you're coming to this from a place of leadership, but also from a place of seeking to understand. How does that does that perspective with that kind of mindset? Does that help open up ideas about what questions to ask?

Speaker 1  37:55
So operations, operations manager, another would be like, operations consultant, or something where they're asking us to come in, and, and tear apart how they are, tear apart, dig into how they do stuff. And then, and systematize it is basically what we're doing.

Matthias Miller  38:17
And the reason the reason for for saying operations manager is to put yourself into the shoes of their company, as if you were there, you were responsible, you had to take ownership for how things were going. And, and with it, too, like there's this thing of, there's this, there's this back and forth at play. There's times two, I think this is this goes a lot deeper into I mean, this, this hits it at a much deeper level. But in some ways, there's this push and pull of leadership where sometimes there are things that should be accommodated to them. And at the end of the day, you know, they ultimately have a choice, but there there definitely there definitely is the opportunity to, to, I guess, to lead them into growth, to give them other other ways to look at things other ways to approach things that may be better for them. But again, that that comes from a posture of humility and from a posture of understanding, understanding their business in their needs.

Matthias Miller  39:52
Mindy, what are your thoughts? Yeah, I agree. I

Speaker 2  39:55
mean, the the more specific we can get the better You know, you do have to put yourself in their their shoes, you want it to work them. So

Matthias Miller  40:14
yeah, here's the gap. I don't know what more specific questions I asked

Matthias Miller  40:27
you guys have ideas how to extract that out of me, I'm more than happy to, to take some time to dig into that.

Speaker 1  40:40
Again, maybe that's, that's some roleplay, maybe even reverse roleplay. Where

Speaker 1  40:54
we do that, another option would be to record some some design calls, and then go back where we go back and watch him and like a coach watching tape from last week's game or whatever, and breaking apart analyzing questions and, and whatnot. Yeah, I guess this would be two ideas.

Matthias Miller  41:25
I think there are some, there are a few more specific pieces. Those are definitely some ideas.

Matthias Miller  41:37
Let me let me spend some time.

Matthias Miller  41:44
Let me spend some more time thinking about this. And let's let me go into kind of one last piece. This is kind of the final piece that I had. But as you're creating the structure, the basic, the basic proposal structure, I've got kind of mentioned the overview, detail screens, reports, and you know, the pricing and terms, and then there's additional stuff that gets put in there. And it's not like, everything precisely follows that, but that's kind of the overarching structure. Within the detail screens, detail screens usually have then sections. So there's certain groups of fields that are grouped together. And so part of the design process, it's really helpful to think through like, from their standpoint, I mean, one specific question for them can be like, what order? Do you enter this information? What because, because that if they're doing entry especially, well, anytime you're doing data entry, the more that you can, the more closely you can model the way they think about it. And the the way that they naturally work types of questions that they ask the the better, you can prove the flow, one of the things that we did with triple D was rearrange some of the detail stream controls to better match the order of how they thought about it. One of the things that we did for investor tools was, and I think some of this stuff is changing, but we actually modeled the detail screen after literal, physical sheets of paper than portfolio managers, we're used to seeing on a regular basis. Why? Because like there was this incident, like it just reduces the friction of data entry. And so understanding what we're like, what do you do first? What do you do next? What order Do you do things? And those are great questions to ask. What happens? If? So if, if you're dealing with scheduling, what happens if a customer? I don't know, I don't know. If all these are great questions. These are questions I sometimes think through do not don't always bring it to the client kind of depends. What happens if a customer cancels what happens if a

Unknown Speaker  44:07
if

Matthias Miller  44:11
I don't know. What happens if you have a rush order? Do you guys accommodate rush orders?

Matthias Miller  44:29
I wonder too, if some of these specific questions could be answered or could be addressed through some of the with kind of a daily coaching call structure as well. It's possible that I could get to see a surface but then, so then you have detail screens you have the sections in the having individual fields. So for those individual fields, some of the specific questions around that is is should they always be visible? Are they always relevant? Are they sometimes relevant, are they relevant based on and if there can be some only sometimes relevant When are they sometimes relevant? Should they be hidden at certain times? Are they required? Are they sometimes required? Are they always required? What are valid values? If it's a number, should it be it? Can it be negative? Should it have decimals? If it's if it's a list? Do they want to be able to add to the list? Does the list have special meaning outside of just them inputting information,

Matthias Miller  45:33
dates or validates? Or does it? Does it does this? Is this dependent upon? Like, is this date valid? Is it is the validity of this date dependent on something else? On another field or something like that?

Matthias Miller  45:54
Does, are there fields on this record that are dependent on other records? Are there things that are so if you have if you have an order, and you?

Matthias Miller  46:20
Again, this is a bit of a contrived example. But let's say that you have an order, you create an invoice and you cancel the invoice? Should you be or you cancel the order? Should you be able to cancel an order when it has an active, open invoice attached to it? Those are the types of questions that that's the type of question that's probably more of an internal question, versus an actual client question.

Matthias Miller  46:54
Yeah, I do think I do think the answer is probably is probably roleplays. And also probably some of the

Matthias Miller  47:11
it's probably replace in some of the kind of in between coaching, but I'm not completely sure.

Speaker 1  47:19
And some of it is also going to be practice, trial and error. And personal Mo, like you mentioned, your, your method of doing things. From my one call with, with the ads project, I'm seeing that my, my tendency is to drill into a specific area, spend time hashing out details there, then move on to another, rather than asking a bunch of a broader, more shotgun type questions. is one better than the other? Is that dependent on? You know, should we try to take different approaches to different clients, and they're different? They're different, COBie results or emos, preferences, do we

Unknown Speaker  48:10
go with what goes into works best for? For whoever's doing that, you know, for each of us.

Speaker 1  48:18
There are some questions Who but I think, I think when you mentioned about your style, that got me thinking more about what I was seeing with my approach,

Matthias Miller  48:29
and that's really good insight. So that means you need to adapt your process, your process should be I mean, it's probably it may still be it may be look over Ian's big picture, and then pick the first one. And let's go deep with this. Hmm, let's complete this. And then let's go on to the next one. And let's dig deep into that. Let's dig deep into that until we get to the end. And then and then is it at the end that you look back over and look for in consistencies and look at it from as a coherent whole?

Matthias Miller  49:13
There's that happen Nash? I mean,

Speaker 1  49:20
that might be my tendency, but I probably would want to schedule some checkpoints along the way to to zoom out and look at the bigger picture to make sure we're not getting lost in the microscopic details. Yep.

Matthias Miller  49:39
And that could actually be I think there is there is advantage. I don't know what this should look like long term. But that can be the advantage of, of the calls, is you get the get, you have you get that very organically Me.

Speaker 1  50:03
And that actually kind of takes it in reverse of what we've been doing. So yeah, that having that interaction, in this case, the coaching calls would, would provide that.

Matthias Miller  50:28
Good. Does that make you more comfortable with the thought of getting on? Again, I'm jumping back to my question getting on the phone tomorrow with somebody and digging in, I think my question itself, maybe a little Flybe, if I gave you a sales opportunity, and said, said, Hey, take a look at this. Let's do this. Let's break for for five or 10 minutes, whatever we need, and let's jump on the call. Jump back on, and let's spend the last part of it looking at the new FB project. And, and, and let's take a look at like, how would you guys approach this? What would you? What would you ask about it? Sound good?

Speaker 1  51:24
Sure, or is that a good thing, so unless you had other stuff that you were going to know, gonna have?

Matthias Miller  51:34
run out. I ran out of stuff, because I can give you the concepts, but I don't know how to get you down in the weeds. And I think this, this could actually be a really good, gonna be a really good exercise and may kind of pull some stuff out of me.

Speaker 1  51:48
Yeah, I'll send a mess of link to the chat here. It's the incident I have for setting up a design phase wiki. And I've been the last little bit here, I've been jotting down different questions and end points from our conversation down at the bottom of the wiki. So like to say we can all add stuff there. I'll probably be adding taking notes here during our next call here. Alright. Other ideas and stuff, we can come in there.

Matthias Miller  52:23
There's also the also send out my Google Doc notes. So you guys can take a look at Okay. All right, and

Unknown Speaker  52:36
getting stuff ready in here.

Matthias Miller  52:39
Okay, sounds good. Awesome. I will reconnect in a bit.

Unknown Speaker  52:45
Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  52:46
Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai