Unknown Speaker  00:40
again

Unknown Speaker  00:52
there we go was talking and you weren't hearing me

Speaker 1  01:00
I wasn't sure if it was maybe something on my end because usually my earbuds tells me when it's connected it didn't this time on my

Speaker 2  01:13
iPhone don't know what was somehow I didn't connect the audio like I was telling you to

Unknown Speaker  01:36
let's say that Austin joining us for this call

Speaker 2  01:40
he's joining at 230 Gotcha yeah there was something about the one job setting up a scheduled task I guess what I didn't do though was check the wiki you'll see what that says something a wiki about it

Speaker 2  02:22
there's a wiki page 0457 So the link then to Vimeo video that currently doesn't exist or maybe have to log in?

Speaker 2  03:30
Well maybe if we get ls to give the run through and then you can also update the wiki and

Unknown Speaker  03:48
that looks like it's an email that's being sent

Unknown Speaker  04:03
Okay, there is talking about scheduled tasks

Unknown Speaker  04:18
so I'm gonna pull this over here.

Unknown Speaker  05:32
Are you able to hear the the audio of Corbin Tech?

Speaker 2  07:00
Okay well at all it is helpful

Speaker 2  07:19
but you're probably more helpful yet to have the science talking through it I mean Ellis talking through it yeah I guess I'll just check here

Speaker 2  08:10
all right well while we wait you can work on something else here right we can just work on our own stuff until design if you have stuff to keep you busy I certainly do

Unknown Speaker  08:32
Yeah

Speaker 2  08:38
Do you have any questions on anything that you've been working on? You think we should discuss or work on together

Unknown Speaker  08:48
not at this point

Unknown Speaker  08:56
okay

Unknown Speaker  09:16
right

Speaker 1  09:55
you haven't reached out to EVs about the approaching in voting the court system yet, right?

Unknown Speaker  10:03
No, I haven't

Unknown Speaker  10:11
been meaning to do.

Speaker 2  10:17
We could also mean I don't know we have to reach out to them, but it could be nice for them to have an update.

Speaker 1  10:24
I had seen Oh, he said we could. And elephants initially now he said, we could be communicating and you had said something about? Well, and so should

Speaker 2  10:42
Yep. I would say go ahead. Unless Have you had communication with him that they knew. They know you?

Speaker 1  10:49
Yeah. I've been as you called with them and stuff like that.

Unknown Speaker  10:55
That's right. You did come on kind of at the tail end of stuff. Yeah. Yeah, I would say go ahead.

Speaker 3  16:34
Hey there. Apologies. I was running late, and I should have messaged, so All right. Okay, what do you wanna go?

Unknown Speaker  16:47
Just taping here. So first off, we would be going discussing. Screen sharing here is zTp jobs. Okay, this doesn't have to be a big conversation, but I was remembering that

Speaker 2  17:17
there were a couple of jobs. Double Jobs got done in June, and then a couple of jobs that were being deferred until July into check.

Speaker 3  17:28
That's, I have no idea. You want to pull them up?

Speaker 2  17:33
Sure. And you're going to pick them up in July. So got it?

Speaker 3  17:45
Yeah, shoot me an email. Okay. Just shoot me an email with the link to you don't have to do well. Now. Just shoot an email with both of those. You don't doesn't have any comments, and I will. I'll work on that.

Speaker 2  18:04
All right. All right. And then the next thing would be just discussing. Oh, sorry, a side note. Austin was planning to join us here at two three. Okay, bottom of the hour for the EBS testing, they were asking him to set up some scheduled tasks. Sure. And he wasn't familiar with that. And I'm not really familiar with it myself. So we good thing to get all three of us. Yep. On a call and have you walk us through it? So So then next thing we'll be discussing anything that would need to be discussed on this?

Speaker 3  18:57
Yeah, just a second. Click and click into the 157615. Okay, cls 1567. Let me check to see where we're at on that thing. Okay, there's one more. I, well, I will not talk about my opinion on the schedule of this job. I was pretty frustrated not to see it done on Wednesday when I'd asked for it so so well, although it's it's just past midnight. They're not actually working on it right now as we speak. I asked if he could go ahead and get it done tonight. So if that look, I'm he's he's done one job. Let me see how close he is to I mean, if it's, let me just message him on teams.

Speaker 3  20:16
Okay so more in the season refactoring contacts by Agent

Unknown Speaker  20:34
contacts by user

Unknown Speaker  20:54
nice okay

Speaker 3  21:06
funds by checkbook holder yes nice we already have that one Ben string nice I like it

Unknown Speaker  21:42
sorry users in waste contact manager

Unknown Speaker  23:10
Okay the let me think Is there any way that he can check okay here's how we can test it you can test access I think by running okay you can test disk access I think by running a contacts alright and invoices report and watching the disk reads

Unknown Speaker  24:05
okay watching this

Speaker 3  24:18
okay I have one more comment I think I can have them running and watching the screen and

Speaker 3  24:45
okay, it may show up in the report profile in a Deaf system as well. Not sure if restricted if the reads for restricted data, for sure show up there. You should close and reopen, invest each time before profiling flush out the cash. Okay, okay, I'm back. He's working on it right now. And

Unknown Speaker  25:30
Sounds good.

Speaker 2  25:40
All right. And then, as far as testing tomorrow, Austin would be available. Well, he'd be available for testing later today. I would shorten again. Yeah.

Speaker 3  25:52
Yeah. Okay. And we may, we may want to have him do that testing. I mean, as soon as, as soon as we possibly can, but, but we need, obviously, to have the job coded and in testable conditions. So all right. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 2  26:15
Good. So well, that is in action.

Speaker 2  26:27
Let's see which one of these is when we should look at. Okay, yeah, we can look at this one here quickly, while we wait for Austin. So this one is changes to checking calculations. And essentially just changing the scheduling logic to always base the next check in date on the check and start date and frequency, rather than sometimes basing it on the last check in date. And so you had raised questions about a couple of edge cases, like an off schedule check in or a late check in the client there. And we, it sounds like we really don't need to do anything fancy. He said that if an extra checking happens between scheduled check ins, we should just continue to bring up new check ins on established schedule. So

Speaker 3  27:33
okay, so and I'm going to push into this a little bit. I'm totally fine with it. But you've been scheduled for for Tuesday, and someone enters a check in for Monday, we go ahead and ask them to do it on Tuesday.

Speaker 3  27:55
Or if it's scheduled for Monday, and they do a checkup on Fridays, we go ahead and ask them to do it again on Monday.

Speaker 2  28:02
Yeah, yeah. I mean, because the the guy doing the check ins would know that it just happened. And he would just disregard it.

Unknown Speaker  28:11
I close it out.

Speaker 2  28:13
Right. I think they would want to have documentation that they were skipping this scheduled check in because we just checked in. Sure. Okay.

Speaker 3  28:22
And there was something somewhere about a week in a week of, do you remember that? What? Is that still the case or not necessarily?

Speaker 2  28:34
We are planning to pursue that here in phase three. Because they they also want to group their check ins by region in person check ins. So that yeah, so everyone who's in a geographical area can get a check in the same time, so not bouncing all over the place. And so we're looking at probably doing a region record, somewhat like we do for Sindbis. Sure, yep. Here there's a sales rep and then different region, so then checking schedule would probably actually live on the region, rather than on the contact.

Unknown Speaker  29:12
I see. But they'd like to go ahead with this one now.

Speaker 2  29:19
We will actually talk to him today. For the first indepth phase three call. Sure, we reviewed some of these things. He's, he was somewhat ambivalent on this one. Like he's, he was any good if they're gonna be doing that change anyway, they might not need this. But you just see him run this by you. And yeah,

Speaker 3  29:41
this is okay. I think my short answer is let's, yeah, let's let's do this one as part of Phase Three, because if we're changing check in logic, anytime you deal with scheduling logic, it's a little bit complex. I mean, I like how simple he's making it. But we but it is a change from what we're doing today. So I, I am inclined just to say, I mean, let's do this, at least as part of the regions change. Now, if you'd want to, we could just design out the regions and the check in for the regions and make the change there. But it doesn't really make sense. I think it'll be it'll be more expensive for them if we do it in stages than if we just do it one time. Sure. So but I wouldn't mind if you'd want to change this up to be on read to be with include the region's job.

Unknown Speaker  30:45
I think the client will be fine with that track.

Speaker 2  30:55
All right. Well, I'll make a note of that. And go from there. All right. Welcome, Austin. Howdy. Hey, sir.

Unknown Speaker  31:07
Hi, Ellis. Good to see you.

Unknown Speaker  31:08
Yeah, you too.

Speaker 2  31:12
Oh, right. And Austin, then we can track our time on on the wiki page. W 0172. For this.

Speaker 2  31:29
Alright, so LS A give you a little bit of context for this. There's this testing job for ZTE T. And they're asking you to set up some scheduled tasks and

Speaker 3  31:47
Okay, and do you want to show me the instructions on a scheduled task? Okay. Following are required in the scheduled tasks standard? Email merge standard, unpaid vendor merge, okay. So why don't you do that? I'll just walk you through it. Click into their search for scheduled tasks, or you've got a scheduled task open. Fill in the name. So this is what I don't remember what we're doing here, right, here. We are. So this is the nightly Well, this is the the the nightly email, you could call a nightly email merge or the nightly payment. Nightly payment emails might be or daily pay them and payment emails or something would be a good name for it. We should probably when we set up when we define define this, and we should put these into the spec and say here's what the name is. And this is a frequency and here's the time and and these are the items that are on there. So now we'll put both of these tasks into a single email merge. So you I think, I think you should just call it, you know, daily or nightly. But it's in the mornings, probably daily payment emails. Okay. Okay, then, category notes, you don't have to fill anything in. If you want to, you can give some description or notes. Frequency is daily. So let's go back to timing on the timing on the screen. So server time, you would do savan colon 00 AM. And it'll complain if it doesn't recognize it. tab away. There we go. See there's

Unknown Speaker  33:51
Do you want to run it every day or only in business? On business days? Like do you want it to? Well, I guess the main thing is, do you want to run on Sunday or not?

Speaker 3  34:07
So probably not on most many businesses won't want to send emails on Sunday, you might actually want to, if we say business days only the thing to remember is that that is government business days. And so you might actually want to change this to be weekly use a weekly one. And then check off Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. You could add Saturday to I guess it's that wouldn't be that way. We're just we're not doing Sunday. So there's that part of it. Now scroll down. So first, go up to the top. This is currently running as the TMR user. If we just configure it in that client system Oh, this is somewhere else. I think this is that's the other setting that you'd Stuck in there's, I think daily payments email. Oh, you need to save first. That's weird. Okay, let me make Oh, hi. And then we do that commands first. Okay, well, let's go ahead commands. So let me make a note to user should require safe. That's a separate issue. Okay. So click into Command Explorer on the right. And then report no email, this will be an email command. And next time we should tell them to give us the commands that we need. I mean, they should, you shouldn't need to figure this out, click on the little ellipsis button. That's what I was thinking. Okay, paste in the file name here that you were supposed to use?

Unknown Speaker  35:59
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 3  36:04
Okay, click on that. Maximum number of emails to send, we do have to fill this in. You can just do 1000 It'd be fine. Okay, go down, generate command. So there you see that. So double click on that, or triple click on that bottom line or select it. Yep, that's it. And then insert or append doesn't matter. And then just paste that in as a command line. Yep, just like that. There it is. So that's the first one, then you do one more just like it. And yeah, sure.

Unknown Speaker  36:48
That and then

Speaker 3  36:55
the reason we prompt for maximum number of emails is that if you define the command incorrectly, and suddenly you're sending, you know, 100,000 emails or something. So scroll down, we hit next command, we should never quit on anything. So change the Quit next command to never on both of them. Because we want to send both of these regardless of whether the other ones succeeded. Now click Save. And so now click on Run as user and it'll show you what you can do if you want to. And it doesn't really matter who it runs on. If once we set it up for a client, we probably use one of their accounts to run on. And then the other interesting thing was scheduled tasks scroll down a bit, there's a there's an alert section as well. Email alerts. So it'll show on the taskbar for a specific person. And you can send also send emails to specific people. So

Unknown Speaker  38:00
as this okay, we can send it to multiple people.

Speaker 3  38:11
So, okay, that that's the way it is. And probably, we should actually, as we keep doing more scheduled tasks, we should come up with a snippet that defines, you know, here, here's the settings for the scheduled task and we would do that for each scheduled task. You know, when does it run? Which is it all business which day in which days of the week and now, now if we let's actually change yours to run on Sunday as well, because I'm not sure their logic actually handles not running on Sunday so just switch it back to run daily. It's kind of wondering how to yeah, there's otherwise we have to complex logic and oops, that's weekly try daily There we go. Yeah, let's just do that. That's easier. And if something they start complaining about getting emails on Sunday, we'll fix the logic so but it's more complex. We do that on I mean, we try to be careful not sure if we always get it done but some time try to make so that we don't send like billing invoices to clients on Apple

Unknown Speaker  39:42
Okay, okay.

Speaker 3  39:45
And see part of the problem first of all command line, they should have definitely given you the end. Next time just give them a dev input and say please give me the exact command line. And but the but the rules as far as going figuring this thing, you know, some of that we could we can probably standardize and provide ourselves. I mean, provided the design process.

Unknown Speaker  40:10
Are there? Sure.

Speaker 4  40:17
Isn't there supposed to be another scheduled task in the system or other scheduled tasks in the system, especially for the update payment IDs? Very good, because I've never received any instructions to set that up.

Unknown Speaker  40:32
Yeah. Faster.

Speaker 4  40:45
mean, not that big a deal and test system? Because I just run that task short manually. Pretty free anyway. But definitely, the live system.

Speaker 3  40:55
Yeah, it's something that we need to. I think we want to start watching more and documenting better.

Unknown Speaker  41:07
So that one looks like that's when you're talking about there, Austin? One piece that I won't question. Am I assuming right, that you'll continue? And make the same one? Is there a blessing? Candle? It looks like it's just that one other one? Sure. So, Austin, I'll just let that in your work to you can give them a dev input about that one. Or that one? About the the one of applying the that one for the plank? Payments,

Unknown Speaker  42:05
payment ideas? I mean, I don't have a job for it.

Speaker 2  42:10
Okay, so you just had to use that to find that one yourself. And? Well.

Speaker 4  42:16
I mean, this whole payment ideas thing is, you know, been part of the grief I've been having with this system. So I mean, there's a couple of different jobs that relate to payment IDs. But it's kind of any case with this with this system, it's kind of been a little difficult to test, because there's different jobs that came through early that had stuff like, well, this isn't gonna work yet. Because like, we tested payment records a long time ago, but in the job is like a bunch of things aren't going to work yet. Because the codes not done. So I tested the record, but then never really circled back around to make sure. Okay, and now things don't work. Right. And I never had a testing job to properly say this isn't working right. And let's get it fixed. So now kind of scrambling to try and figure out everything that's not working. Sure. Sure. Yeah. So hard to figure out where the problems are.

Speaker 3  43:21
Make sense? So I'm just thinking through system and how we should do it next time? I mean, should we wait to do any testing until the entire system is coded? And should

Speaker 4  43:39
it would be nice if we had, you know, some thought put into logical progression of the testing, like where we're starting where we're heading. And, I mean, it's, it's nice when we don't have to circle back and do the same thing. Right, which yep, I mean, I ended I've ended up circling back around multiple times on various routes for

Speaker 3  43:59
sure. Be okay, and see, here's the, the whole project management on a project of this size is tricky, because the developers prefer, you know, coding everything and then starting the code review process, and then, you know, sending it to testing. Well, I disliked that as a project manager, because then I've got there's 100 jobs that aren't reviewed, and that's kind of a mess as well. Now, I suppose what we could potentially do is So Tim, you and na him might want to talk about this or I should maybe talk to him to one option would be to to explicit to explicit, if they would be pointing out this job will be tested, this portion will be tested in this other job, or, or there might be some places I mean, this one has a lot of interconnected stuff. I mean, that makes it more complex to sew. So I mean, in some ways in some ways, I think I wouldn't have minded it if, if I, if I would have told them, hey, you've got to code everything and review everything, but we're actually not going to test it until Evers, we're not going to start testing until you have whole subsystems done. So I mean, so there might be pieces. So at a certain point, we have the Keep in dev fields. So we could just be stacking these up and marking these as keeping Dev, where they don't go into staging. And make sure you can easily see that those jobs are, are not in your queue. I mean, it's basically this makes it that keeping dev jobs aren't in your queue for testing. So we just keep those back. And if, because I think you're right, I mean, from a coding perspective, we do have to kind of chunk it up. But from a testing perspective, it's actually far better to testing cohesive sweeps.

Unknown Speaker  46:12
All right, comprehensive, comprehensive sweeps. So so let me just make it. Okay, so I'm gonna send I'm guessing that change requests and to code drafters leads, and testing large projects. We were facing difficulty testing EBS, because we've developed it incrementally and try testing. Jobs for all related features are coded.

Speaker 4  47:04
And I'm also testing. Another thing issue I run into with testing before everything's coded is bad records and bad data. Which

Unknown Speaker  47:14
Sure, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  47:17
I know, I'm writing into some of that in EBS, too,

Speaker 3  47:20
yeah, I do like incremental processes, or I do like an incremental process for development and code reviews. But I think we need to comprehensively comprehensively test features once the entire feature is complete. My proposal?

Speaker 3  47:53
Mark, jobs as keep in dev, until all related features are complete. Right testing instructions that work for the entire that work for the entire feature that that work, once the entire feature. Is is coded. Don't we don't want ti that say this won't work? Because job x doesn't code it.

Unknown Speaker  48:37
Up? Is that those are that's kind of the heart of what we're getting at, isn't it?

Speaker 3  48:44
Yeah. Yeah. So it's better to I don't think we I mean, one option is to wait until the entire project is done. Before we do any coding. I'm open to that. But I also think it's possible to code to test into it, you know, subsystems if everything touching that subsystem is done. Now, can you review this with your team? Talk to us, talk to me if you have questions.

Unknown Speaker  49:46
Cool.

Speaker 2  49:51
So I was just noticing on it back to the scheduled tasks thing. Looking through proposals here I found this is X Truly specified? I'm not sure who put it here, the dev spec, but there it is. Line everything right there. Yeah.

Speaker 3  50:09
Um, the that was probably Nick actually. Okay. It should run at around 3am Every day. Okay, command line import. So that's, so that's one of them that needs to run there. There are some other ones too, so.

Speaker 3  50:32
And I think we next time, we can also give more instructions about what to name the tasks and stuff like that. So

Unknown Speaker  50:50
okay,

Speaker 2  50:52
so is it alright, so I go ahead and email developers and ask them to put together a testing job for this. Sure. Sure. All right.

Speaker 3  51:13
Okay. Wow, now he is, bless his heart. He's working at 1am Trying to get that job done for us. But he says he ran one test import. And he thinks he's gotten that from four minutes down to 40 seconds and has one more optimization to go. Wow. So and there's another change I want to talk to Janelle about. And I think we might get the 40 seconds down to the to, you know, to this isn't a large import, we get the 40 seconds down to maybe I'm going to say 10 seconds. 10 to 20. Maybe 10. So, but we're making, we're making we're getting there. So yeah. Good.

Unknown Speaker  52:12
Does that satisfy your questions on scheduled tasks and

Speaker 4  52:15
concerns? Yeah. I mean, since we've been talking, there's been a few more questions that come to my mind that I could ask. Yep. Well, we're here on the call. Try make us quick. So in that deployment section, some of the some of the things that need set up in that will need set up in the live system in this email, one specific thing. Okay, so there's the scheduled tasks. There's also a whole bunch of code for the email templates that need pasted into the app hosting dumb zone settings. Is that documented in the proposal?

Unknown Speaker  52:53
Correct question. I'm not sure.

Speaker 4  52:55
Right, I got it, I got a testing job that has all the setup instructions for those emails, but that really ought to be in the proposal. Sure,

Speaker 3  53:04
sure. And some of that we might even put into the, you could almost put into the in the dev spec side of the proposal, because I don't know if like, I kind of like having the commands on the client side, because it feels to me long term, it's nice to have that visible to the client, that the demands that we're running for, are the scheduled tasks, but something like the, you know, the initial configuration of for records, I mean, the records themselves are kind of the documentation. And so I couldn't, I could make a case for I could make a case for for just putting out the dev spec, because long term, we don't really want it cluttering, it becomes stale pretty quickly, I guess, is part of the argument. But yes, that should really go somewhere into the deployment section. And anything, anything like that. So so that's something you can watch out for, as a tester, something for us to be talking to the developers about that if you that if, if there's setup configuration that needs to happen in the system, then and they should really be saying, you know, the email templates as per, you know, this section of the of the proposal. And then because that makes you go to the proposal, make sure that it's there and make sure that we're getting it set up correctly.

Speaker 2  54:46
And then you can just make sure, you're gonna make sure that it gets passed along to Ben and me, especially if it's not documented in the proposal, right. And we can take care of documenting that in the proposal. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  54:59
Yeah. Sorry.

Speaker 2  55:04
We should also we should also add it to our deployment checklist. Sure. deployment, so sorry.

Speaker 3  55:13
Oh, I was just saying sorry. I'm in the background. I'm either grinding coffee beans are shaving? I'm not sure which so.

Unknown Speaker  55:27
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  55:28
All right.

Speaker 4  55:30
Maybe one more quick, easiest question. Yeah. If you got how long? How long should some of the PDF documents take to generate in the system because sometimes it feels like maybe they're taking a little too long. Like for an especially since so a lot of them have PDFs and excels. The excels are virtually instant. But the PDFs are taking some time. I haven't actually timed it, but 2030 seconds, I think sometimes longer.

Speaker 3  56:06
We'd have to check. And so the real question is, is the time going into the rendering of the PDF? That's that seems surprising. Is is it a pretty large file? Lots of video? No, it's

Speaker 4  56:24
no, it's even a single like two page PDF.

Unknown Speaker  56:29
Yeah, that does not sound good to me.

Speaker 2  56:32
Here. So you just seen here I was if you okay. So, payment summary here. Yep.

Speaker 2  56:47
So that wasn't 20 seconds. That was Yeah. 10 seconds if just for that.

Speaker 3  56:56
Okay, let me try something do you want to give? Let me request control

Unknown Speaker  57:04
because the Excel is much faster.

Unknown Speaker  57:18
Okay, where do I request control? Do remember

Speaker 2  57:25
I'm sure it might be. You know what, I'm currently running this off my resume off my browser, rather than the app that might be the Okay, so I can send you the link if you want.

Unknown Speaker  57:47
Yeah, just send me the link once that'll work.

Speaker 4  57:57
And yeah, there's other things about this specific one that aren't working right either. So could I don't know if the speed could be impacted by some of those other features that I have Devon puts on about? Okay.

Unknown Speaker  58:18
Okay, one

Speaker 3  58:24
okay, that's five seconds or something. So let me take a look at that. Oh, let me share my Do you wanna enable host sharing for me? Yes, whatever. And the Yeah, okay, share screen and I'll show you what I'm doing. So first, I'm going to pop this into another tab here.

Unknown Speaker  58:51
And so there

Speaker 3  58:54
it is. Okay. And I'm going to have to we'll have to look into these asked payment IDs. Let me it's a bit of a pain to do this. And ask payment is Larry owner. Okay, well, we'll see if we can fill those in then. So I'm going to actually try to go into settings and see if I can figure out where it's going slow. So here I'm here and this one going to go into settings and merge settings. I'm going to see if it's because of PDF or something else. I have well first of all, I'm going to pop into a screen report. Preview payment ID is

Unknown Speaker  59:55
okay, his

Unknown Speaker  1:00:04
Okay, he did not have he has not seen speed ups

Unknown Speaker  1:00:19
and

Speaker 3  1:00:27
Okay, so payment ID This is the 009 that one that 812 or something. This one here he is Larry owner. And it was Joe's tract if I remember right. One. Okay, on screen is super fast. That's so that's not the problem. So let's try changing it to a word words that produces a Word file. Yep, there we go. And so let's see if that's fast

Speaker 3  1:01:09
it was this one. Larry owner shows tract 1234. Okay, so that's not much faster. So it's, it's maybe four seconds versus five seconds for word versus PDF. So it's something in the settings of the word merge that slow? I mean, I think, yeah, I think I would complain about it. I would say this, this feels slow. And we should see if we can make it faster. Me.

Speaker 3  1:02:00
Let me see, I think there's probably embedded reports, and some of them are too slow. Standard master payments. Okay, let me see which one it is. And you're not seeing my screen. But it's we're running the standard master payments helper ar 20. And the standard, see what this one is?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:31
And standard master payments are 20.

Speaker 3  1:02:39
Yeah, I can try actually, let me just keep that thing open. And I can try to if you sent, maybe if you send an email and copy me in or or set it as Z leads, I can reply to it because I think I know what's wrong. It shouldn't be this slow? I don't think so. Sure. So the short answer, the short answer is, I mean, we're basically embedding reports into these things. And however long it takes for the report to build is how long it's taking to do this. And it looks to me like and I can show you the reports that were I think we're running is inside the template, you can see them but I'm guessing one of those reports is is slower than it should be. It's these two reports. And

Speaker 2  1:03:47
and the one pane of the port is not working correctly, and does not seem to be working quickly anyway. So I don't know if that has anything to do with it or not.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:59
Got it? Oh, shoot.

Speaker 3  1:04:09
That was fast. I mean, so that one doesn't feel bad payment helpers. It was the 12 one. And I don't remember what what payment type. Do you know what payment type this is?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:27
No.

Speaker 4  1:04:28
Well, yeah, that helper paint doesn't work isn't working, right. Okay. It's not, not hardly ever showing anything. There's like one record where it shows like what I would expect it to but okay, a bunch of other stuff doesn't work. We're still working on that.

Speaker 3  1:04:43
Sure. And as far as scheduling this, I mean, clearly, we've got enough rough, rough edges that we're not going to be done before you head out. I don't think I mean, we'll do what we can, but I think you're going to pick this up of August again and we'll get things wrapped up so that likely means means that we're and then you'll have the biases, the the app to test as well. So I think that that likely means that we're looking at, you know, late August or early September deployment. For more likely from what I'm just from what I'm hearing right now. So that sounds about right. I think so. Yeah. And I don't think we set very strong expectations with EBS about exactly when deployment is I mean, we'll beat their end of year deadline, but I mean, our our end of the year expectations. Good.

Speaker 2  1:05:38
All right. Well, I should drop here myself, I have a call that should get on. So unless there's stuff that you all want to continue to discuss here, I would say well

Speaker 3  1:05:58
that sounds fine. Good. Okay. Thank you all. Yep, take care. All right.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai