Matthias Miller  00:04
All right, so let me just walk you through this, and I added something to the financial heartbeat ceremony called review reconciliation status, which shows status of reconciled transactions turns yellow or orange within 30 days, and red after 45 so what you want to do here, because these aren't, haven't been reconciled, the first thing you want to do is probably pull the general ledger for these guys and all time find out when the first let's see. And actually, you know what? We don't really have to do this. Sorry. I meant this. I meant for the mmsp. So really, I mean this started in 2023, I believe. And so, you know, reconciling, technically, we don't have to reconcile within 2023 but we can certainly, you know, start in 2024 so the way you would do that is, you would do reconciliation. You add one, you would do the here, I'm going to go ahead and pause the recording and get the get a statement here. All right, well, it's not going to let me actually download it, apparently. But so you would put in the statement date. So the statements, like, from, you know, it depends on the statement period, but it might be something like, you know, we're trying to overlap a little bit. A little bit with 2023, so, so we might do 12 by 23 214, 24 loops. Well. And actually we just start, we start like this. So then we save it, starting balance for the very first time, you just, I mean, you can put in a statement starting balance. So with this, this account, it's, it's, it's just passed through accounts, it's almost always zero. And then you go to the through the link, and go through and obviously Check, check the boxes for whatever was included. And and then when you, when you do that, you'll see here, you'll you'll find with the starting balance, with the statement starting balance said, and actually, this will be zero. I really want to see if I can find this. Let me. Let me try one more time. There's the banking websites being goofy, but let me see if I can. Let me see if I can do this. I'm

Matthias Miller  03:03
all right, looks like I'm getting it now, so doing my ot one time pass code and then logging in, all right, and we're going to download e statements, and I'm

Matthias Miller  03:35
all Right, it's a good thing that I paused it so it took a little while to chase it down. So I'm going to go ahead and just walk through this one here so that you can see. You can see here, june 13, 23 so this is 613 23 to or actually, sorry, now I got the wrong one. I'm going to go back to the one, the first one in the new year. Maybe give me just one second here again, the ship is this. The ship has sailed. So we're just gonna have to, we're just gonna have to, here's here. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do all of 2023, and it's a single, single moment. So this will be, we're still gonna do this start date, but what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna do multiple months in one and basically so the ending balance is zero. Actually, we're going to do and then 1231, 23 the ending balance was 27 All right, so this is, this is for all 23 normally, you should have one row for a statement, but I'm going to do this, and I'll show you. James. As well. So basically, in this case, what you should be doing is comparing this against the statement, and we're not doing that right now. So what I'm going to do again, I'm just basically getting this caught up for you. All right, so now we expect accounting says the ending balance is zero. So why is the ending balance zero? Well, so clearly, Houston, we have a problem which says the ending balance is 27 so how do we do this? I think might actually have to literally go back and reconcile bit by bit, because it's obviously not working. All right, so we're gonna, I'm gonna go back, change my approach.

Matthias Miller  06:09
Now it's being goofy. All right, these are, these are says it's cleared. So we're gonna go ahead and I'm

Matthias Miller  06:28
all right, try again.

Matthias Miller  06:36
So this is june 13 to June 30. And here's the ending balance. So we're going to go ahead and put that in there, and we're going to pop open the link. Yes, we need to save. So we hop in there and we look the statement, and here are the transactions and deposit, and then withdrawal to share. So we here have All right? Have we done our job? Right? We see here, there's no difference. Oh, actually, there's one other thing I wanted to do when you do this, you want to put in the if there's a way, maybe this one doesn't show it. This doesn't show it. But very sorry, that's the wrong one. Now, very, very important that there is no difference here. And then once we're done, we get everything done. This should match exactly. So the statement hit reconcile. And yes, I want to run reconcile. And now I come back in here, and now I want to add a new 1712,

Matthias Miller  08:06
grab the next statement, just that you can see one more time. Let's be 731. Is the next statement, date, which I'm downloading, which you can't see, and then the ending balance, which we'll get in a moment. I'm

Matthias Miller  08:34
going to copy this into here. We don't really have easy money in amending out. But if, the statement specifies it, it can be really nice. So now we're going to go in and you'll see this withdrawal and this withdrawal. So we're going to go check those boom, boom, and ending balance is zero. Going to reconcile, yes, done, and now going to go back in again. Add a new one, 830 to I guess, 831 but we'll confirm. I'm going to go ahead and pull that one. The way. I mean, you're getting the hang of it. One minute here.

Matthias Miller  09:38
Slow. Website is slow. I really slow. So we're looking for 831

Matthias Miller  09:59
also no feed. Back, which is just terrible.

Matthias Miller  10:07
Actually, never mind. I'm not going to confuse things more. Okay, so then I'm going to download this and we have a new ending balance on the statement. So I'm going to pull that up. All right. So here's the ending balance. So beginning balance matches, ending balance matches, save pop it open, and there's these four, these two. So let's do so those match out those four, those two. All right. Now, let's refresh our ending balance is the difference is zero. I don't know why that's red. That's really weird, but anyway, so because the difference is zero, we got reconcile.

Matthias Miller  11:01
I'm really curious. Maybe I just made another goof with these reconciles. I'm really curious. Why? Anyway, you just go down the down the list, and just don't create any transactions for 2023 please, and and then do this for all the other accounts as well. You need access to statements for any other accounts that you can do, well, sure we can tell you. Really not sure what to tell you on some of these, because it looks like this was never reconciled. This is, yeah, we might have to talk about how to handle the US Bank ones, because it looks like those get caught somewhere along the way. Anyway, I'm going to see if I can get the meeting. I'm


Transcribed by https://otter.ai