Matthias Miller  04:40
All right, yeah. Good afternoon

Matthias Miller  04:52
Can you hear me? I can hear you. What is it? Oh come on. Say something now see if I can hear you hello hello

Speaker 1  05:04
there we go I was like staring at this thing oh why is Matthias not coming back and then suddenly I see the little thing at the top says admit Matthias back yep

Matthias Miller  05:17
I think I finally figured out what makes my audio goofy and how to fix it safely so that's I feel accomplished

Speaker 1  05:25
well do share just in case in case I am plagued by the same thing because audio issues in zoom are like the bane of of zooms existence

Matthias Miller  05:35
well if I leave my headphones connected and I usually what happens is I'm working at a coffee shop or something my headphones are still connected via Bluetooth I started back up start zoom and even if I switch audio sources it doesn't want to let go of doesn't want to let go of the somehow wants to let go the headphones and so if I disconnect the headphones throughout the headphones, disconnect them kill zoom and restart it seems to finally be able to reclaim audio

Speaker 1  06:14
Bluetooth as a technology I feel like I have a very much a love hate relationship with it. It's it's fairly decent but like that whole that whole scenario you just described whether it's a car whether it's phones computer is not it feels like it's not dynamic enough it's not we need to create green teeth

Matthias Miller  06:46
green teeth blue

Matthias Miller  06:53
Well Mark I'm guessing you don't have a whole much of these issues

Matthias Miller  07:03
that you needed are you on maybe that's that your other work

Speaker 2  07:11
is probably gave I'm gonna have to jump off here just a minute because we got a little job but I thought maybe I get just a few minutes in here. If you have issues with Bluetooth, no. Nope.

Unknown Speaker  07:27
If you have

Unknown Speaker  07:30
good if you

Unknown Speaker  07:32
had blue teeth it means you need to go brush them

Speaker 2  07:37
if we have Bluetooth it means we just got done eating blueberry pie and that's not a bad thing I would pay I would pay good money if somebody would come up with a a mount that would strip over your head and then a regular phone receiver would clip in. Oh yeah, I would pay big money. I wanted a whole bunch of research and I found one that was made back in the 19

Unknown Speaker  08:11
That's called a rubber band one

Speaker 2  08:13
that was made back in like 1970s and I bought it and it was the biggest piece of junk I think it broke like within minutes of opening it the package well the package the plastic was probably wore out because it's 40 years old

Unknown Speaker  08:31
duct tape duct tape or just hold it to your head

Unknown Speaker  08:37
that's why Yeah, I thought about a big rubber band duct tape would work on your head Dwayne but not mine

Matthias Miller  09:00
Dwayne your hair wouldn't need any maintenance just get on phone call regularly and you can't have anything else to worry about.

Unknown Speaker  09:09
Boy we don't have anything better to talk about this got her ducks in a row?

Matthias Miller  09:16
Yeah, well, it's true. So like I think marks on here now so get you're welcome to hang on as long as you can. Yeah

Speaker 3  09:32
sorry, I'm running late. That's why Well, sounds like I missed out on a lot of important stuff.

Unknown Speaker  09:41
It was mainly just a comedy show. They were making fun of my hair. Really,

Speaker 3  09:51
how would they make Well, nevermind to make a snarky comment

Speaker 3  10:08
All right. Go ahead, Matthias, wherever you want to start, I just I sent email I sent it updates from my two dues. Some of that from from last call. So which is why I sent that but go ahead with what was whatever agenda you want to use. Yeah, I don't want to hijack your. And I think this

Matthias Miller  10:37
is this is good. I'm going to basically what I'm going to do, I mean, I would basically do the same thing was just going to listen to what we got and see. See where things are at. Probably the main thing that's not on this list is the AR process that we've been wanting to talk about last it's no, it's number five there. Okay. So updated, FDA cost approved, I noted and I send that over to Nick so that he's aware of that. Documentation and software processes. Ellis's recommendation we talked about this we're headed we left this. Yeah, we did. Data's status of accounting. That's where it was at. Let me check back

Matthias Miller  11:43
we're documentation. No, not that one would have been mercy

Matthias Miller  12:00
that's a little embarrassing. Okay. I had the draft sent but I didn't I had drafted but not since I'm saying that offered up. Do you know where that's at? So still looking at accounting as the next step, but waiting to see where that's at with them. So we're doing the update, subtract buildings. We've got that squared away. It's on my list not yours. Okay. Depreciation Schedule source of truth

Matthias Miller  12:41
that's it ID numbers.

Unknown Speaker  12:51
Project

Matthias Miller  12:58
got it.

Speaker 3  13:05
The reason why we left at last meeting was I went back to Larry and asked him because you and I both thought it was a good idea. But he had cautioned against doing it is his ideal was doing it in. It's all for that. Both tax bases and book bases. But after I explained to him how we're billing, you know, the plan is to build all of this asset management directly into software and why so that we can expense directly off of it based on whatever is there was taken out of service, whatever happens, and then just push that information out to pursuing patient for tax base for taxes. pushing that out annually. Well, yeah, that that makes a lot of I mean, that makes sense that that should work. But then he Yeah, he brought up several of these situations that I think y'all may have thought through most or all of these but these are just some practical scenarios that he pointed out that I want to make sure that we built for Yeah,

Matthias Miller  14:36
makes sense. So let me take

Matthias Miller  14:46
so this will be asset ID

Speaker 3  15:01
Am I correct that the that B, one and B two, those are just a field that were basically a column that we need to add or a field that we need to have for each, each one?

Matthias Miller  15:15
Yes. And then the data and service would be

Unknown Speaker  15:27
would you?

Matthias Miller  15:33
Would you want to normally have that be based on the purchase date? Or would you want that? Then just overwrite it for capital X. Capital expenses? Or would you want to

Speaker 3  15:48
by default, I would have that whenever it's paid, or entered, use that as the date put in service for our companies, that's typically going to be the situation but I could see as using it for something like you know, what type of if we set up a sales office, and we add plumbing and electric and a number of you know, and it's, it's a three month process, that lump all that together on project, even though we'd be paying plumber and the electrician and excavator may not be putting it into service until buildings on the lot or a salesperson hired to actually start are actually open for business and using it for for that, but yeah, then at that point, you could override them.

Matthias Miller  16:52
Okay, so make sense. Projects when you do a project would we just

Matthias Miller  17:16
I mean, can we just treat this basically the same as?

Matthias Miller  17:35
Mean, a project is basically just an asset with multiple purchases. Hopefully be be hopefully before it's put in the service?

Speaker 3  17:46
If, okay, if it's put, if it's after, yeah, that's That's right. If it's after it's put into service, it's in you do you know, you do a lot of errors or a lot of maintenance, that ideally, those will just be expensed as they happen. And we won't be ideally, after a project's pleated and put into service and assets been put into service, then ideally, it would not. We wouldn't be adding purchases, adding things to that project. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  18:33
Could we that seem?

Speaker 3  18:34
Does that seem a little complex, because if in our in our industry, it's not near as important to say, Larry's situation where they may spend a year or more setting up. No adore, adore line, assembly line or window manufacturing line. For us, it's more just if you say that that adds a huge amount of complexity to then beta, whether it's worth making so that we can do projects. Although one thing that it would do is I think if we use projects correctly, we can lump several smaller things into one project and keep our assets our assets keep that cleaner, you know, rather than list 100 assets we may list 45 million

Matthias Miller  19:43
Yes, I think here's here's the one concession that would make it simpler if the date put in service is not automatic in any way. You have to specify it and Let's see.

Speaker 3  20:07
I mean, I actually liked that better. If that's you always have to manually enter date put in service then? Because it seems like it doesn't seem like a good clean,

Unknown Speaker  20:23
like an event that it's, it's hard to define that event like probably why you're like, exactly when did we pay this invoice for this acid?

Matthias Miller  20:41
So I like that. And then we would warn, warn if adding a purchase to an asset that is already in service. And then if you do add something, if you do add a purchase to an asset that's in service, I think we would do an impairment loss. If we don't do anything differently, we would just do an impairment loss for missed depreciation and adjust monthly depreciation

Speaker 3  21:22
So, okay to make sure I understand. So if you have a project that's already in service, and if it's easy, it's appreciating, say $100 a month and now you add this ever purchase that is part of that project. Two years in, you add a purchase to that. And now in reality, it's it's more like 100 120 per month, you'll immediately bump that up to 120 a month, current and moving forward. And then whatever, that $20 a month that was missed. Directly would show up as an impairment loss. Is my understanding that correctly?

Matthias Miller  22:05
That's correct. So weird, though, it's not correct. Are we?

Speaker 3  22:15
I mean, we could do that or, or we could just wow. Okay, we already covered that in in some sense, didn't we? If wouldn't we handle that? Same as if we shorten the lifespan on it? We would just? Yeah. I forget it. So we said if we shorten the lifespan, on something, just bumped the monthly amount of by whatever it needs to be for the rest of the life. Is that right?

Matthias Miller  22:43
We know well, I believe believe when you shorten the life, you take and impairment loss for the time that's passed, and depreciate it for the remaining time. So if you go from Thank you, yeah.

Speaker 3  23:08
That I'm just looking at a past email depreciate? And what happens if we shorten the useful life during the life of the asset? Does this go to an impairment loss? Yes, this would go to a GL account for impairment loss. And then if we extend with simply recalculated would become less per month or per period.

Speaker 3  23:33
Yeah, you're right. I mean, that would be a little weird. You know, two years in adding something like that, but I don't guess we really shouldn't be adding something. Anyway, so that would be enough of an edge case that I would be comfortable to just plan to do it that way. And saying that if if you do things that are a little weird, it'll get a little weird result. Unless you have a better a better suggestion?

Matthias Miller  24:07
No, I'm happy with me will show a warning already. And I'm happy with with that because it means there's there's no additional I don't see any additional coding required for that. It's the same as shortening the useful life so I'm doing that

Matthias Miller  24:31
so that takes care of three BC, one, two and three, three before we start a CapEx capex project. We buy two drills and then we decide we want to expense it instead of doing a cap x. So Um How often does this happen

Unknown Speaker  25:10
I mean if I had to guess I'd say four times a year per company

Matthias Miller  25:23
um, well so in that case, you would still have to pre depreciated everything but everything that has not been depreciated gets expensed out

Speaker 3  25:47
okay, I wasn't thinking about that portion of it I was thinking this would only be after

Speaker 3  25:59
I was thinking this would be before you put these in service that's where it gets tricky. Yeah, you're right. I was I was thinking about it. While these have not yet put in been put into servers, we're planning to depreciate them but we said you know what, we're not going to do that we're going to simply expense them but I think what you're saying is Allah we may depreciate them for a month and then say, we're not going to do the rest of this project well it seems

Speaker 3  26:50
one, I think there's two paths one is try to we expense it after something's been put in service. That's complicated, too is

Unknown Speaker  27:04
when that if we may meet us if we make epics to a simple expense always do it before it's put in service. It seems to me like that would be way more simplistic, right?

Matthias Miller  27:23
Yes, because I think so basically, what we need to do is to

Matthias Miller  27:43
can cancel

Unknown Speaker  27:52
well

Matthias Miller  27:58
when it kinda like do is just have you at whatever point you want to say it's not an asset anymore, you mark it as sold or abandoned. And then you do journal entries I don't know that that's the right way. Really, what you want to do is a way to which we probably need any way that basically a way to avoid an asset

Speaker 3  28:30
so I would expect if we make a purchase and we don't put it into service until two months later that the minute we make that purchase minute we we pay for that asset goes up as a fixed asset on the balance sheet. Right. Right. And so what we're wanting to do is is a way to move it from NASA on the balance sheet to the expense on the income statement. But there's no way that we can just can't just cancel those transactions cancel but just do debits and credits to it okay, if we have a $10,000 asset and we say well, or a 5000 don't really want to expense it instead we would just do a we would decrease the asset by that amount and increase expenses by that amount

Unknown Speaker  29:41
but you're not you're not paying anybody for it.

Matthias Miller  29:47
Yeah, I think effectively.

Matthias Miller  29:59
You accurate, okay, here's, here's what I would propose, when you want to roll it back out, you would basically go through there to create a new purchase, except you would reverse the purchase to roll back the prior thing, which would reduce the asset value to zero. And then you would expense out that amount appropriately. And I think the biggest thing is probably, unless we think we need some kind of special handling

Matthias Miller  30:39
Well, actually, we could we could have, this wouldn't be too complicated, either. We could have a reverse purchase, or undo purchase, that would open a new transaction with everything configured as it should be, and then you can just expense it out to where it needs to be expensed out.

Matthias Miller  31:07
Okay,

Speaker 3  31:07
and I think it was a look, I think we should look at that, you know, nothing has been depreciated yet. I think if we go to that, then

Unknown Speaker  31:20
we will need to do journal entries or you know, read it as a sold or abandoned asset or whatever.

Speaker 3  31:43
How much work is that, that what you're proposing, like, makes

Matthias Miller  31:50
it's it's marginal Max half a day of development time. It's not even shouldn't it shouldn't even be that but yeah,

Speaker 3  32:07
let's, I think let's just plan to do that. So you'd bet you if you reverse the purchase order, you'd also have to have it expands to a different GL account of course, and you'll build an automated way to

Unknown Speaker  32:25
a way to automate as much of that as possible.

Matthias Miller  32:31
Yeah, and I don't think if you reverse it, it's really not that different than extending the life to infinity which means you have a

Matthias Miller  32:46
which means that we stopped depreciating it now, even after depreciation, I think

Matthias Miller  32:58
we're also moving

Speaker 3  32:58
in grid you're moving it from an asset right? So if we have a $10 asset you're you're taking that out of assets and

Matthias Miller  33:11
putting it under some kind of expense, yes.

Matthias Miller  33:19
Oh, now this raises another interesting question, which we haven't talked about, but do most assets will get purchased via POS right.

Speaker 3  33:45
He owes me Yeah, but land is an asset too. So something like that won't be an issue

Matthias Miller  33:59
one thought a question I have is how this will need to how does this need to integrate with POS or does it

Matthias Miller  34:15
it might be as simple as staying. Here is this existing Transaction. I want to tie this existing existing Transaction to this asset. Why is it so?

Speaker 3  34:38
You're saying so we buy a $40,000 forklift and then week later with it, we need to set that up as an asset correctly, then you tie that transaction to acid is that

Unknown Speaker  34:54
yeah

Speaker 3  35:02
What do you think it's like all assets are going to be under that all assets are going to be under at least the same parent owned, yell account. There's no way that we can flag it. They're like if you're processing a transaction for a given if you're making a debit to

Matthias Miller  35:30
no

Speaker 3  35:32
fixed asset chart of account, it says it says, Is this part of the existing project? Or is this a new fixed asset? It takes you to the prompts you to to enter that life and of all at that point.

Unknown Speaker  35:59
Yeah, we can do that.

Speaker 3  36:07
Because I think if I'm thinking correctly, all assets will hit the will effect will impact owning the only way they'll show up in accounting is if we pay money, pay funds for the asset, tag it with break, you know, the fixed asset, Ella Conde I think that they would all show up as a fixed asset on the balance sheet, through that process, and if we could somehow use that to

Speaker 3  36:54
buy in the transaction amounts, and also the details to the asset management table. I'm not sure how that all looks technically. But I think from a process standpoint, that would make sense.

Matthias Miller  37:07
You Yeah, so what we could do is on the on the PIO, if you're assigning a Pio transaction to kind of fixed asset account type require an asset ID on that point. At that point, if you have a transaction counting transaction, that's same thing. It's a fixed asset, it's a fixed asset account, it doesn't have an asset ID linked to it, give a warning and I think that should get us get us where we need to be.

Matthias Miller  37:45
Good, good.

Matthias Miller  37:58
All right. So that means next steps again, next steps for me on depreciation. Okay, so as far as Larry, did he have suggestions for places to get some of that data?

Speaker 3  38:22
He did not know. He said, you know, basically, if, if you have that, once you understood if you have that information in an organized format, and you can push that out to have our senior JSON doing your taxes saying, Tell them here's here's our acids here's what we've depreciated, you know, on bulk basis, here's and take that information and put it into their tax bases. system.

Unknown Speaker  38:57
A few things that you have to be careful as one we can. So the end of 2022 Whoever's doing our tax x's, they have a forklift creation schedule. Then in 23 on our site, we take it out of service. We update our system

Speaker 3  39:29
they can't just It can't just disappear. You know. When we're doing taxes 2023 We'll have to be sure to pass that information along to them. Say it was sold on this date for this amount and so they need to make so that it matches add on. Extra but no, he did not as far as any specific cell phone.

Matthias Miller  39:59
Okay, Alright, sounds good. Well, that's good to know. As depreciations waiting on me to revamp? See?

Speaker 3  40:19
I would say depreciation is not an urgent matter. It's by far not one of the most urgent things for the accounting system. But I don't know where who's going to be building that is that stateside? Is that something that you have more capacity is going to be done elsewhere?

Matthias Miller  40:40
Depreciation could be done. I think could be done in Bangladesh. We need to think through. Some of these lines are starting to get just a little fuzzy. What's what's core County? Where does this land?

Matthias Miller  41:06
Okay, I mean, I think, yeah, I'm not sure yet, where that's gonna end up.

Matthias Miller  41:23
So,

Speaker 3  41:24
are you thinking it makes sense to while it's fresh in our minds? Do the design good sign off on that and at least get that portion of it behind us? Or do you think that would make sense?

Matthias Miller  41:39
I think so unless there's other stuff that we should be bumping to the top of the list. I'm, I'm a little concerned about cost of getting our heads back in this.

Speaker 3  41:51
Well, I mean, AR is something and also well, that that and cash flow statements, but I don't think my understanding is cash flow statements aren't going to have your time, right.

Matthias Miller  42:07
Yeah, I think you take a look. I have. Yeah, that's not going to be it is going to involve some of my time but

Matthias Miller  42:25
bottom line is on this, I think for cash flow.

Unknown Speaker  42:44
Shapes?

Matthias Miller  43:02
We should probably email this over to use that you've got it. I would like to

Matthias Miller  43:19
do this is good.

Speaker 3  43:25
I should have said this. earlier. I mean, if we're if we're taking up too much time on cash flow statements or depreciation. Float list. If you want to cover those later, we can if means on now, should we? If it makes more sense, we could do five and cover AR?

Unknown Speaker  43:50
instead? That's

Unknown Speaker  43:52
fine. Either way. Yeah, we can do that for you.

Matthias Miller  43:56
We can do that. Bottom line on the let me just do a quick bottom line wrap up on cash flow is that we don't think it still doesn't think it's going to be terribly complicated. It seems like it would probably would be useful to have your proposal of a time with Larry for the we don't know what we don't know. And and there's not a lot of issue in bumping the design of that back from what we can tell at this point. So the accounting processes for sales and AR

Speaker 3  44:36
Well, one or two comments on cash flow statements yet one is is if that's, that's being done in Bangladesh, right? Yes. So I think because of that it would make sense to pushing that ahead, you know, as we can, if it were be that being if it were to compete with AR and some of the other things, then I don't. And we would list it at a lower priority. In the second part is, I think just talking with hearing Larry explain cash flow statement, how that can get tricky and complicated if you do it over. And over a year, Mitchell would be a lot of fun with that. Just introducing all the complicated details that can get involved there. So

Matthias Miller  45:35
yes, he would.

Unknown Speaker  45:40
That's all.

Unknown Speaker  45:41
Okay.

Matthias Miller  45:45
All right. So jumping into a our

Matthias Miller  45:59
where, okay, so operational accounting events it. And you'd send a separate email that had this one in there.

Unknown Speaker  46:17
So

Speaker 1  46:23
before you dive into this, what is the status plan for importing bank transactions? Into assist?

Matthias Miller  46:38
I mean, the basic plan is to use something like plaid. And I don't know exactly what kind of matching logic we're going to end up using. I don't know if we'll end up having some kind of rule system. Or, you know, just kind of like, here's it, it's something simple based on, you know, Posted Date plus, or close to post the date plus amount. Or, I don't know. We haven't really, we this, this ended up further down the list of priorities, so we haven't really dug deep into it.

Speaker 1  47:24
So there's this conundrum that we continually find ourselves in, and it goes like this. People diving into accounts receivable if if, if you're ready to run there now. So districts deposit money, but don't don't see a bank statement or can't see don't have online access to a bank statement. We're doing some management of accounts receivable and facilitating that, but nope, can't see the bank statement. The only person that sees the bank account is currently is Whitney from a online standpoint. And so we currently have a disconnected process to actually validate that payments have come in, hence my reason of if we, if we had all bank transactions being imported, it would solve this conundrum because we could we could do reporting on deposits, and accounts receivable and match these guys up without actually giving someone access direct access to the bank account.

Matthias Miller  48:32
Well, so well, then you could actually, have you been doing similar question, would you like to be able to write reports that run off of bank transactions and banking data?

Speaker 1  48:48
Would I like to be able to write report Explain? Well, if we but that was a gotcha question in some way, wasn't it?

Matthias Miller  48:56
That was a that was a just trying to get you to bite for something.

Matthias Miller  49:06
I mean, so bottom line, one of the patterns we found to be very successful in this in terms of integrating third party data is replicate all the third party data in its own set of database levels and fields are tables and columns, if you use that terminology, and then that and then you use that as the basis for syncing with other parts of the system. So if we did this, we'd probably have some kind of,

Speaker 1  49:40
as opposed to direct rule matching.

Matthias Miller  49:47
Well, I mean, you would, yeah, you would first get into a cyst matching the format from plaid or the bank or wherever it's coming from, and then you have a rule matching system to apply it. And what that means then is that you can write in our 20 to say To show me all posts, the transactions from this bank account for this week, or this month, right, or for this statement, period, etc, and you can set up, and then the builders can have access to do a phone menu, either date range or date to get posted transactions for a specific period.

Speaker 1  50:18
So what's the what is it? What does it take to integrate with something like plants? Because they're supposed to be the masters of bridging this kind of information? Right?

Matthias Miller  50:28
Yeah, I mean, we just haven't. We just haven't looked at it right now. I mean, I don't know,

Speaker 1  50:37
basically. So plaid exists, basically to talk to the bank API's, and then you talk to their API, they're just kind of the bridge to make it to make the integration real smooth.

Matthias Miller  50:48
Yeah, I mean, it's the same idea of a merchant account. And the reason why you are not a merchant account, but like, you have a payment gateway and, or whatever. So I'm not using the right terms. So they handle the complexity of talking to 1000 different formats, or whatever it is. Same with plaid. make it simpler to talk to 1000 different types of banks or formats or whatever needs to happen.

Speaker 1  51:13
And if I could wave a magic wand, I would hijack the whole process and have that now. So that I could go off and actually do actual accounts receivable validation. Mark, Mark, well brings a little bit I felt it.

Speaker 3  51:30
No, I. So what plan is, is that basically from what I'm hearing, it's basically a win a call it in my language, a spreadsheet that says, here's what commercial and Savings Bank shows that happened for this company, and then you take that into it, assists can take it and match up. That was AR was matched up with whatever you want to match it up with. Correct? Is that is plaid does not it's, it's a reporting system that shows you what's happening in your bank account. But it's not a it's not like direct access to a bank account.

Matthias Miller  52:30
Well, they actually have payment processing of some kind.

Speaker 1  52:36
They do. Essentially, market keeps us from plaid does all the work for each individual bank API. And so we don't have to go write all the API's to all these different banks, you just write it to one, one location, and they do all the rest of it.

Speaker 3  52:56
But is it? Is it only pulling information from the bank? Or is it also like how would you use it for payment processing? If we want to?

Speaker 1  53:06
Well, initially I wouldn't want to use it for payment processing I want to use it for being able to pull in all bank transactions, both expenses and it's both debits and credits of the bank account and use that to write reports against to match up accounts receivable transactions.

Speaker 3  53:24
Now why would you why would you want to see the expenses as well? Would you use that to match up with the accounts payable

Speaker 1  53:33
but just because I think I think if you once once you do once you do the integrations it's going to give you both anyway if I'm not mistaken I don't necessarily think they give you a choice of one side or the other like if you get correct me if I'm wrong on this Matthias

Matthias Miller  53:56
Yeah, that's right. I mean it's you right they

Unknown Speaker  54:06
yeah

Speaker 1  54:12
so let's is what you're saying is we go base, we basically build tables, basically a big RG for for all the bank. Basically, you're gonna you want to build our team, it's going to import plugs, gonna import data from the district bank accounts that would allow me to go right, depositing information reporting, and then I could use then we would have actual bank data to back up on accounts receivable.

Matthias Miller  54:41
Yeah, I mean, small technical detail not orgies, but separate records. But yes.

Speaker 1  54:47
So I asked Nick, to build it to add to the payments are gene on sales order records, verification checkbox for each line item. Basically, it's becomes a Need a reconciliation process where, you know, we can do reporting on what's what's showing paid, showing dollar values on sales orders. And once we verify that those are actually been deposited, we would check that box, which would actually give us an accurate, you know, accounts receivable number of what's out there and what's not out there, because right now, everybody's kind of in the gray dark about, well, the sales order says we have that money, but that doesn't mean that the check has made it from the dealership, to the district office to the bank.

Matthias Miller  55:40
Well, okay, but to the point there, once we get we'll get that 90% of the way once we've got integration with

Matthias Miller  55:56
I guess it's within a few business days. Once we, once we can sync the payments or G to AR.

Speaker 3  56:12
But the information on the payments are T is coming from where, like, if we say, Jake for $500, or cat $500 cash. What does that mean? What does that mean? What what triggers that?

Speaker 1  56:28
Currently, what triggers that is the dealer says I've made a sale, they handed me a $500 Check. That's what triggers that.

Unknown Speaker  56:44
Now, it's kind of,

Speaker 1  56:46
in theory, it's not officially, I mean, those dollar values really, until that amount is still that check is hit the bank that full sales order dollar value is should be considered accounts receivable, and it's not actually decreased until there's money in the bank.

Unknown Speaker  57:11
Right.

Speaker 1  57:17
But now, I guess Messiah is talking what what are you expecting from? Okay, there? We have stuff on one side of the line, what are you planning to do on the accounting side? Is our sales orders going to talk to an accounts receivable? And that's what we'll do official accounts receivable.

Matthias Miller  57:41
Well do you have any AR apart from from sales orders?

Unknown Speaker  57:51
Not currently.

Matthias Miller  57:55
Do you have plans to? Not currently? Well,

Unknown Speaker  58:01
I mean, everything should transact through a sales order.

Matthias Miller  58:05
Okay, so my basic process, you know, my basic proposal is then that we have some kind of review unverified, you know, review, some kind of AR management report. And then you say, I want to tie this out to the right bank transaction. And you go through and say, here's this transaction, this transaction, this transaction, and here's this stripe batch, which is going to be an interesting thing to think through. Would be nice.

Speaker 1  58:36
Actually, well, I think Stripe might actually give you the breakdown.

Speaker 1  58:45
It'd be interesting. I think, if I'm not mistaken, I think plaid integrates to pull that could could integrate with stripe to pull that across as individual sections.

Matthias Miller  58:55
That would be and then you'd have and then we could, that'd be great if we could, and then you and then once you have those verified, then you go back and say well, which ones haven't been received? Oh, there's this check for $500 It got paid two weeks ago. Hey, Mr. Dealer. You tell me where this thing went.

Speaker 1  59:21
The the, here's what's gonna get really hairy. So a dealer or a dealer, a district collects up 510 checks in a day and makes a lump sum deposit and plaids gonna feed me a lump sum and I'm gonna be sitting there going what in the world is this tie out to?

Matthias Miller  59:48
Oh, it was proposal.

Unknown Speaker  59:53
Crystal Ball.

Matthias Miller  59:55
Well, I mean, I can give you a crystal ball how much? I mean, anything's possible. So Have you group group sales orders by dealer and you say I have a transaction amount go find out which ones it is it runs all possible combinations of any unpaid unpaid sales orders and says we think it's either this group of checks or this group of checks because they all add up to the grand total which one is it? You say it's well it's this one.

Speaker 1  1:00:24
I mean I mean the the manual solution to this is you send that transaction back to the district say please give me the deposit slip for this transaction.

Matthias Miller  1:00:38
Well, they shouldn't be submitting deposit slips anyway Shouldn't they?

Speaker 1  1:00:40
Should Yes, that would be that would be the smart thing and typically, they already are submitting deposit slips to us that's how we get a lot of information back into the payments are G on stuff that they've received for payment

Matthias Miller  1:01:03
well, then you then you change your process. Here is a deposit slip let me go flag these as being paid as as being being we think their department you've got two statuses one do we think we do positive it yes or no? And what was the date? And do we think it cleared the bank? Yes or no? Here's the date. And so you go enter these deposit slips if there's anything that doesn't show as being deposited you go back and say, hey, please send a deposit slip because we're not seeing this and I don't know

Speaker 1  1:01:46
Yeah, I mean, that's that's viable. But what what? What records are we going to like what are they going to be the records that we're going to do a lot of the work of this on? Is it going to be on the sales order side? Or is do sales orders just import all their information to an accounts receivable? And then that's where you do your reconciliation?

Matthias Miller  1:02:09
Um

Matthias Miller  1:02:29
I was thinking that sales orders would automatically sync to mean I was thinking sales orders would be the source of truth The biggest issue is that do Do we ever do multiple deposits in a day? And if so, then it's a little trickier

Speaker 1  1:02:57
because you're thinking of a scheduled tasks that runs in and reconciles between sales orders and accounts receivable

Matthias Miller  1:03:06
effectively, yes, yeah. So as of whatever date you say it was deposited, we created transaction for all deposits for that day.

Speaker 1  1:03:15
So the only the only part about this that I don't like So hypothetically, you're over there, you're reconciling accounts receivable and you're like, man, something's missing from the sales order side you get in contact with the district and you get the information you whatever that deposit slip is whatever so you update the sales order side now you have to wait a cycle to actually go finish your accounts receivable reconciliation

Matthias Miller  1:03:55
you're ready to kick it off manually? Good point. I mean, most of this stuff should be cleared up before you ever get around to reconciling with banks. I don't really understand. I don't really see that as huge.

Speaker 1  1:04:09
Maybe not. But yeah, I mean, if you if there's a way to kick it off manually and and rerun the scheduled task manually, then yeah, that's a that's a moot issue.

Speaker 1  1:04:46
I'm Mark question for you. beings, all the conversation that's happening inside of districts about accounts receivable now anyway, is there would there be value in Setting up with plaid and start importing that information so that we can do quasi accounts receivable basically validating sales orders. It's not throw away work. But it would help clean up the process that we're trying to clean up right now with accounts receivable.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:24
I didn't quite follow your question.

Speaker 1  1:05:28
So my question is this with the idea of going and integrating with plaid to bring in bank account information, I got this glimmer in my eye as a way to clean up and solve our current accounts receivable situation with with the issues that each district is having on not knowing, like not being able to clearly see what is actually on sales orders, what's been deposited and what's not been deposited, and feeling like they don't have an accurate accounts receivable number currently from their statement.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:04
So like, go

Unknown Speaker  1:06:08
ahead, go ahead, Dwayne.

Speaker 1  1:06:12
Well, I just got, you know, this getting a little idea, let's like, let's go do that immediately so that we can solve this problem. That's all. But that's me hijacking this whole process. So that I should I don't want to push too hard on that.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:39
Well,

Speaker 3  1:06:44
so what that would give us is a way to match. Like, what would that give you now that? Um, you're thinking the accounts receivable report that that we're working on? We should really call that the open balance report. But what, how would How would you? How would that change how we use that?

Speaker 1  1:07:11
It would give me actual bank information. Right now the only person in the whole accounts receivable process that we currently have that has bank that has online access to the bank is Whitney. And so that means that nobody who's doing accounts receivable currently has immediate access to the bank account, integrating with plaid would give us immediate access to bank transactions that we could reconcile.

Speaker 3  1:07:38
And right now, when when a district is marking them completed, they're just they saw it on the deposit sheet, you know, a day or two before? Exactly think everything's okay. And so they say completed, and probably 95% of the time, it's correct. But there's there's, you know, several days of leg and there's also a chance that while there's a number of different situations, I mean, maybe maybe it never did make it to the bank for whatever reason, or maybe entered, maybe the amount was wrong.

Speaker 3  1:08:23
I think I think, first we need to, I think the first step is how do we want accounts receivable to work? Once it's how do we really need it to work? Or to work well, and then how do we get there? And then I think, I think once that's clear, I think we can get to where you want what you're looking for pretty quickly, Dwayne?

Speaker 1  1:09:02
So Mark, when you when you say, how do we want the accounts receivable process to work? Really? So I guess it's, here's the questions that come come to my mind, I think what Matthias what you're proposing is that sales orders are the source of truth. They they sync with accounts receivable on the accounting side. I guess the question there is completing sales orders, where would we do that? At what point do we complete sales orders? Or do we say do we go with or do we come up with an automated process that says, when we have validated all money has been received they just automatically complete?

Speaker 1  1:09:51
What's your thoughts mark, or do we still want a manual district manager checkoff at that point?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:05
Well,

Speaker 3  1:10:06
so when we say sales order completed, what does that mean it? It, we're already moving it out of finished goods inventory the day it's delivered. What happens when we say a sales order is completed.

Speaker 1  1:10:19
So currently, we use the complete button as a way to validate that all money has been received. There is a complete checkbox on the sales order. We use it in a number of different reports to actually filter out completed and uncompleted sales orders uncompleted by Nature says I have I don't have all my money, and the moment. So we currently have sales orders that say they have all their money, but we don't check it complete, to where it falls off reports until a district manager said so. But if we're moving to an actual validation process of with the bank accounts, do we still want a district manager to say, I agree, close that one out?

Speaker 3  1:11:06
Well, if the only thing we're doing is is to verify that we've received all payments, and why would we still need a manual step for a district manager to verify that? Or are there situations where an uncompleted sales order means that we still have obligations to do a customer service thing? Or do you know, that is entirely around the money?

Speaker 1  1:11:35
It is? As far as I know, like, you'd have to ask a district, Robert or Shannon, to double verify this, but predominantly, this has been used as a validation set thing, we've collected all the all the funds.

Speaker 3  1:12:03
I think a good step would be it automatically that when we do that it automatically switches to whatever status like it's

Unknown Speaker  1:12:16
a completed verified or whatever. Well, no, there's I don't know why we would need a manual step at that point. Really.

Speaker 3  1:12:28
If, if the primary thing we're using that status for us to make sure that we've liked it all the money, then I can't think why of a reason why we would need a manual step in there. But it might be it probably would be a good fine thing, just a show and then I could see is going away from that and just eliminating that step. I think maybe that would be the best path to go on then.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:13
So if okay, we look at it like that. Bye everything we're talking about is AR believes. So looking at it like that, when? When does it a building become AR and when does it come off of when is it no longer accounts receivable?

Speaker 3  1:13:46
We're basically saying the moment a shed is delivered, it becomes AR unless there's, you know, it's full, but the moment is yet is delivered. Until from that time until all monies have been. We verified that all money has been deposited into bank is when it's AR right.

Speaker 1  1:14:14
So what what would be its status between the day that it's sold on a sales order and delivered what would be its status in there

Unknown Speaker  1:14:31
when it's sold and delivered,

Speaker 1  1:14:34
before it's delivered, so it's sold. It might be unbuilt it might be, you know it might be built. What's its status, pre delivery.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:46
You're seeing from an accounting perspective.

Speaker 1  1:14:48
What Yeah, what's what's the what is that feels like is there another status for that? Or is it accounts receivable at that point already?

Speaker 3  1:14:56
No, it's not accounts receivable then it's I mean, if they're As a down payment, if there's a customer payment, then it's that amount is is a liability. If there's no payment, then there's no it doesn't impact accounting at all.

Speaker 3  1:15:22
I guess that brings up a good question. Matthias, at what point does a should a sales order? Enter the accounting system? Is it in what I've laid out here? I'm saying it should be the order date. Is that it seems like that would be the cleanest. from an accounting perspective, it doesn't necessarily really it doesn't need to, doesn't impact it until we received the first moneys for, like a customer payment.

Matthias Miller  1:16:04
Yeah, I mean, I think I don't think you should enter accounting until there is until either it's delivered or you received money. Now you shouldn't deliver without money, but in the theoretical that could happen. And so if they make if they so I think there's a difference between procedural AR and accountant AR, it seems to me like accounting AR, you actually only have AR when you deliver the building. But from a procedural standpoint, because you're requiring a deposit. And I don't know exactly how this works. And maybe, maybe it isn't AR for I guess it would be that you would have an AR entry for for required deposit presale.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:50
Or pre delivery.

Matthias Miller  1:16:53
Yeah, I mean, pre pre accounting sale pre delivery. Right. That's the other fun thing. I want to

Speaker 3  1:17:02
clean up some of our terms. I wish we would not call anything a sale until it's actually delivered until it's actually recorded as income and until then it's just it's a wish an order or a quote. Yeah. bunny trail.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:21
We'll call it wishful thinking before that.

Speaker 3  1:17:27
Yeah, we had $100,000 worth of wishful thinking last week

Matthias Miller  1:17:33
a record high of wishful thinking.

Speaker 1  1:17:37
So with that, so if we did clean up our terms then we really should talk about orders and sales and I mean because really what we're talking about on this money pre delivery is when the building is still in order. And I agree with you Matthias it is procedural AR how we how we how we talk about the collection of money is different than how accounts receivable on the accounting side

Unknown Speaker  1:18:08
yeah

Speaker 3  1:18:19
well, am I correct Dwayne that are my files the procedural we can effectively build the accounting side until we know until we have a consistent procedural site can we

Speaker 1  1:18:45
well, if we have if we have if we had an agreed upon consistent procedural side how we build the accounting side will be easy sighs looks dubious

Unknown Speaker  1:19:05
yeah

Speaker 3  1:19:15
but so Messiah he said like free delivery we have procedural AR to collect the down payment which is really depending on what type of failed is but I mean right now correct me if I'm wrong going but that's a fairly open ended like dealers are are trained to like some percentage of money upfront in order to put an in order to a sales order started or process but it's pretty open ended like wholesale orders. There's a Obviously no no payment required

Speaker 3  1:20:17
Well Don't we need so back to an earlier question which is shouldn't wouldn't it be cleanest if at the time sales orders created

Speaker 3  1:20:36
the accounting system needs to know about that because in the next day, week or month money may show up eight for that sales order and if we if we if the accounting system doesn't know about it until the money shows up that make it confusing like I guess in the example I have the building i i used to look at my spreadsheet I said the order date why this is so but the order date is 1019 and no money showed up until 1227

Unknown Speaker  1:21:29
Well

Speaker 3  1:21:35
my dates all messed up there no okay, we're showing a cash payment but that cash

Speaker 3  1:21:43
that cash may not show up until well, at some point the accounting system needs to know where the money being deposited into the bank needs to go in Are you proposing that that happens it seems like it would either have to come off of sales order the times the order is created or off of the monies deposited which which pass Are you proposing

Matthias Miller  1:22:15
it needs to come off the sales order and if you have money showing up in your bank statement that isn't accounted for then you need to either go create a manual accounting transaction or you need to go fix up a sales order or you need to do something else. But the only reason things are coming in from the only reason we're pulling information from the bank statement is for verification purposes not to not to do anything else.

Speaker 3  1:22:42
So the accounting transaction needs to be done on the accounting side and then we're basically doing a like you're we're doing a reconciliation with the bank accountant Yes.

Speaker 3  1:23:15
Let's do a hypothetical let's say I write up a sales order for customer John Doe today. And he hands me down payment a check of $1,000. And it does its thing and it it's deposited into the bank on Thursday when when should accounting first show that $1,000? Should it be the day that put it on a deposit slip and are planning to deposit into the bank? Could it be the day it's deposited? It actually

Matthias Miller  1:24:07
I'm not completely sure. I'm not completely sure how this should work from an accounting standpoint, but it seems to me that the moment you create a sales order and you say they are going to pay $500 that that should be an accounts that should show up in accounting as accounts receivable on the balance sheet. Until Until if or when they cancel the order and you're wanting to receive the funds to put it into whatever your unsold you know funds received payment received for unsold items. I can't remember the standard term for that but to hold it in in an asset account then until the building is actually sold or delivered

Speaker 3  1:25:01
Okay, so pre delivery, you would you would still listed as AR and then on the opposite side, you would list it as a down payment to the debit transaction or the debit credit. And then when the money actually comes in

Unknown Speaker  1:25:22
then it's it moves out of out of AR and goes into the bank account, it still remains on customer payments as a liability until the sheds delivered.

Matthias Miller  1:25:37
Correct. And then if somebody cancels the order, then we just reverse the the original transaction. So that way that we accounting is going to reflect that we can reflect our

Speaker 1  1:25:54
well, okay, then we really need to have official, some way of processing and unprocessed payments on the sales order, most likely. Because simply because right now, because this doesn't affect accounting, if we want a sales order that a customer cancels, maybe I don't know. I guess if you cancel the sales order, then your transactional suite at the end of the day can say, Oh, here's a canceled sales order. Money comes back out. What happens if the sales order gets deleted? Then what? Do we just never allow you to delete a sales order? That'd be another way to do it. You can only cancel them.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:55
Sorry, that was kind of rambling.

Speaker 3  1:26:59
Dwayne. So what Messiah is, is his proposal is different than what your suggestion had been like? Everything Wow.

Speaker 3  1:27:21
You'd said, Let's, we're basically saying we don't we don't believe you say you got to check for $500 Mr. Dealer, but we really don't believe that until we actually have the money in hand.

Speaker 3  1:27:50
I think Matthias, what you're seeing is is below or whoever's logging that payment information on the sales or will create an accounting transaction off of that. So that when the money actually comes up, the money actually shows up, then we match it up to that. Action, right?

Matthias Miller  1:28:14
Yeah. The reason I'm saying that is that maybe we're talking past each other here somewhere, but the dealer is the one who gets to decide how much is owed. Nobody knows that information. And the dealer has to communicate that to us, based on what was the range with that specific customer?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:35
Yes, and no.

Speaker 1  1:28:45
And so we had some situations where cash went missing, and from a dealer, and so we want to make sure that hence the reason I say we don't believe anything until we have it in our bank account. So we can chase after undeposited money essentially making sure that you know, we always are verifying that we've got that money actually in the bank account before we say in factual money.

Matthias Miller  1:29:13
Okay, but somebody could could take the $1,000 downpayment and put $0 in the sales order or pocket $1,000. Like, you're not expecting to be able to catch that or you

Unknown Speaker  1:29:25
don't know how you would. So, the situation the situation was not people who tried to take money, never really smart about it, because

Speaker 1  1:29:40
the dealer who actually put in the payments are Gee, yeah, I received $1,000. And because he probably doesn't know that he could have went back and edited that RG at that point. It stayed there and it that's how we actually figured out that there was money missing

Speaker 3  1:30:02
Well, Duane, to your point, when I talk with Larry about it, he said, my understanding correct me if I ask this is proposing that we put more responsibility on the people on the front lines like dealers, Larry, kind of tune with what you said, Dwayne, he said, salespeople are great at sales, they're typically not so great at the details. Don't Don't, don't put that don't, you'll be frustrated if you try to put that responsibility on them. And basically, I don't believe approach it like, believe it, once we have the money in hand.

Speaker 1  1:30:39
I mean, it to me, it to me, I would just want to say, a sales order payment, or G doesn't actually create an accounting transaction until we validate from the bank account that that money on the payments our G is actually received, then it goes off and makes a accounting transaction before that we act like it never happened. That's just, that's my opinion, I'm not, I'm not going to, you know, stand here and argue it very long. If we want to go a different direction, I just want to make sure that whatever we're doing, in some way, at some point is validated against banking transactions, whether we do it later on, or whether we do it, you know, before it ever turns into a accounting transaction. I don't necessarily care it, we just need to move towards actually reconciling with the bank account to actually create a a correct accounts receivable statement.

Matthias Miller  1:31:48
I mean, I don't care. You guys don't want to see it hitting. I mean, to me, what's the difference? To play devil's advocate? What's the difference of having it hit accounting? Even if it's wrong, it's still our best guess. versus waiting to hit until it actually, yeah, until we actually receive it, when we verified that this is actually what's happened. But if you don't want to see it in accounting until you know that you've actually got it. And if a lot of the time those payments are just people making stuff up, then well, I understand why you wouldn't want to might not want to do that. If it's Oh, no, I mean,

Speaker 1  1:32:30
I mean, you hit, you hit the nail on the head, it's just to keep accounting records cleaner than our sales order records. Because there is there is some there is some loose processes, I'll put it that way with, with sales orders and money on that side of things. And if we can keep some of that mess out out of accounting, it may make their life a little bit easier.

Matthias Miller  1:32:57
But it's still just hitting AR so I don't care. And it means that that amount is going to be fluctuating more instead of less. It's your call I is I don't have much skin in the game. Margie have thoughts and

Speaker 3  1:33:18
well, what what is if somebody if somebody were to ask us, like what's your AR day, I would say that it should be sum total of all open balances that we've not elected on yet, which technically would be any all buildings that have already been delivered. Where we haven't collected the sum total money is not collected yet not deposited, not verified in the bank, or whatever it's been delivered.

Matthias Miller  1:34:05
So you wouldn't have anything hitting. So you would you would have the so once payments been verified in the bank, it would be hitting the liabilities account. And then when it's sold, it would be hitting the expense account and any balance would be on AR which means that practically speaking buildings aren't going to have well except for AR to perhaps but buildings aren't going to have AR Wow, yeah perspective.

Speaker 3  1:34:46
They would always have a building. In that perspective, a building would probably sit in AR assuming customers always pay a bond date of delivery. They would always sit in a Are for probably about a week. Me as a credit card writer. No. But otherwise, yeah, they would tell that all happens. Makes sense. I think that's the cleanest way for our our business model. But so, yeah, I guess what what, what do you need from us for next steps on this Matthias?

Matthias Miller  1:35:31
Well, I mean, this kind of ties into the whole conversation, which I think is, is still in, in the old court, which is what account does it hit when, and having that outline appropriately for a sales order and building record? And I think there was some of that in the proposal. And so I think it's a question of well, as well, okay. So on the accounting side of these things, sorry, my brain is going like five different directions, let me try to narrow this down to one or three. On the accounting side of things. I could probably update the proposal to reflect this as far as the allocation of where these things should be going. Next question is what is the proposal? So and let me just make a summary. Prior to build confirmed, payment deposits will go into a liability account. And do not hit AR until delivery. Clear AR after delivery after deposit is confirmed. Posted delivery. Okay. So then the next question on this one is, what's the priority of plaid?

Speaker 1  1:37:09
Well, so this is let's talk procedural AR for like, procedure, let's call let's talk procedural collections. Let's let's let's not talk about AR Because we get our terms misconstrued as just talking about procedural collection.

Speaker 3  1:37:25
One, one quick question before you jump into that is will always manage the collections process outside of accounting, right? Or do we ever see the time when we'll go directly into the accounting system and say, Oh, we're, there's $100,000 outstanding, and let's drill down and say this dealer has these five invoices. We expect that process to always be done the sales order level or from from outside the accounting system? Right.

Speaker 1  1:38:04
If we are going to say that sales orders are the source of truth, for money collected and verified money collected, then yes, it should collections should always be taking place outside of accounting and accounts receivable.

Speaker 3  1:38:25
Okay. Okay, that's, that's, I mean, I think that's, I thought, at one point that maybe we'll eventually get to where that's all driven from directly from within the accounting system, but I don't think that's a

Speaker 1  1:38:43
yes. So where are you going to argue with that Matthias?

Matthias Miller  1:38:51
In my mind, there's two processes that's going on here. Number one, did we get the did we get the down payments, which aren't in accounting at all. And number two, accounting is somebody in accounting is pushing across and saying, is doing deposit verification saying this down payment, this payment was was deposited, this one was deposited as soon as deposited. And then if it's not the collections person, the collection person is looking at that and saying, Oh, we have this payment for delivery building that's past due a week, let's go hunt it down. And we're syncing with, you know, and syncing up with accounting as necessary. So to me, it's, you've got the collections guy looking at pre and post delivery collections, then you've got accounting, who's who's reconciling out the payments and saying what's been positive or not.

Speaker 1  1:39:38
So why couldn't why couldn't collections be reconciling up the payments? Well, they could. I mean, because it would seem like if we say that collections is going to be on the process side of accounting, instead of on the accounting side of accounting, then they validate all their transactions and once, once, okay, PRI a building being delivered, any payments are G line that's been validated, would then go into your liability account at any any point after that it moves from your liability account into whatever other account that you're going to do then which puts it into actual accounts receivable. Show it to me, to me, I would vote for collection side of things would be where we're validating against the bank account on on deposits and sales orders. Agree or disagree, Mark? Well,

Speaker 3  1:40:46
so if I'm the person in collections, and I'm supposed to be on top of collections, if I'm looking at Nick, counting, like what's hitting the bank, I also need to know I don't think that then I'll be calling customers and saying, Hey, we don't show payment on. You haven't paid your balance yet. And the customer is gonna say I gave a check to the hauler two days ago. Oh, okay, it just hasn't

Unknown Speaker  1:41:15
deposited in our bank account yet. So I think the collections person will need to there's that step of that, but how we're using it now, like we've, or where the dealer or the hauler says, I got this check, I got this cash. Because if the collections person doesn't have access to that, then he's going to be

Speaker 3  1:41:52
asking customers for payment that have already paid, it just hasn't made it to the bank yet.

Speaker 1  1:42:00
Well, I mean, I would argue for some type of standard of aging, where I mean, doing doing reporting on when that building is delivered, or when it was built, like all of that can be done inside of a collections type report, based off a sales orders and buildings. So we'll know like, we can give them that information. So they can always before they go off, pick up the phone and start harassing a customer. Like, what when was it delivered? When was it built, you know, and just validating that it like, for example, if it five days ago, or seven days ago, I show a sales order that received a payment from the dealer, and I don't yet show it in the bank account, that should be a trigger point for you to be calling the district manager or, and then district manager calling the dealer and saying where's this money? And same same thing, like if that building has been delivered for five to seven days, and we don't show the balance being completed. Same thing, again, you call district manager. And you know, say, Hey, I'm showing this. Do you want me to reach out to the customer? Oh, no, we've got that check here, just hold on, we just are a little slow and getting it to the bank.

Speaker 3  1:43:14
So you could basically you could overcome that what I just said, but anything that's sitting in ER, more than a week, or whatever, you need to start chasing after?

Speaker 1  1:43:25
Correct. And I mean, for that matter, you know, we could build reporting that says don't show me items, unless they are, you know, it, like don't show me buildings that don't show me sales orders that building if it's been delivered, and there's still a balance, and it's, you know, less than seven days don't show it to me show it to me after that amount like we building reporting like that that would give them relevant information based on both payments or building delivery date would be very possible.

Speaker 3  1:44:06
Dwayne, before I went off on that, interrupted you, you said let's talk procedurally procedural AR.

Speaker 1  1:44:17
So we just did. I mean, that's essentially what was kind of going on in my head is that we would have an exactly how this report would look. But basically an aging type report that says, This payment showed up on you know, this date, it's now seven to 10 days, you know, past that date, it's time to start collections on it. Same thing with buildings that were delivered. And then you know, it's five to seven to 10 days after that delivery point. And we don't have a full balance time to start collections on it. And then being able to also take that and be able to match it up against a bank account for transactions coming in through plaid Very quickly, you could build a very accurate accounts receivable, where we stand today and also have a very clean process for talking into accounts receivable and accounting.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:17
So

Speaker 3  1:45:19
should should the next step on this be that Dwayne and I put something together that we think works as far as process and the process side and the accounting side? We could have it together for a board call tomorrow. We do it with the builders. And then we have instead that once we have something that's solid by back to you, Matthias, maybe it Wednesday?

Unknown Speaker  1:46:02
Thanks. So am

Speaker 3  1:46:03
I hearing correctly? You can you can do whatever process? We want, you just can't do something kind of maybe exactly what we want.

Matthias Miller  1:46:17
Yeah, kind of sort of maybe software doesn't work very well. So yes, that's correct. There's, there's nothing in this conversation that has me has my stomach in knots about about it. So.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:33
So if you say that go ahead, Mark,

Speaker 3  1:46:38
the plaid integration. How big is that? I mean, if we were to say, let's do that now, what would how would that look?

Matthias Miller  1:46:48
Oh, I kind of think it's a day or two of my time to get it done.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:58
record types included.

Matthias Miller  1:47:02
Yeah, Dwayne, I have this nifty little. We get stuff in my system that allow me to mock up record types really quickly and push it into wishes to auto generate all the code required for it. Which is really awesome for for third party integrations, where you don't really care, there's not a lot of behaviors on it. And not a lot of layout and layout doesn't matter at all, you just whip up some record types and boom.

Speaker 1  1:47:34
So So basically, you would, we would have a record type that says such a bank, probably account number, transaction, debit or credit. And then that would just be a whole pile of reporting on that. Well, now we

Matthias Miller  1:47:49
have a record type for for, for probably institutions, for accounts within that institution, we'd have a transaction record that ties back to that. And on that transaction record, we have a Posted Date, or posting, posting date, clear date, or whichever it is original transaction, date, date include the bank, the amount of cleared description and any other kinds of relevant metadata that we can grab, but description and any of that descriptive data is most of what we'd want. Yes.

Speaker 1  1:48:18
So what do we do something just like a multi pane report with one side having sales order information, the other side having bank account transaction information? And you can just very quickly

Matthias Miller  1:48:29
Yeah, so one thing you could do is you could have a sales order on the left side somewhere we're gonna have to have feeling to map and I'm probably want to think this through just a little bit. Before we get too deep in the weeds and do too much jerry rig snowed?

Speaker 1  1:48:46
Do you think you could tie off that record number over into the sales order?

Matthias Miller  1:48:53
Yeah, you could. And you could then highlight five transactions and look for all bank transactions that match the sum of those rows.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:07
Yes, indeed. You make it you're making me giddy now.

Matthias Miller  1:49:14
Yeah, that's my job.

Speaker 1  1:49:18
I like it. That's better than my idea of a valid verification checkboxes we can have a way to actually you know, that you can actually tie the record num ID over into the payments are G line item. So the two are tied together. So you literally can link over and go look at that transaction to you that's you got some AI magic for that.

Matthias Miller  1:49:46
Well, you know, we've all seen the accuracy of AI with highly precise information. So Customer, buyer beware. But, you know. So I think I mean, I think that gives you scope and then we can determine priority, what I'd vote to do is find a time on my calendar, if you guys want to move ahead with this, find a time in my calendar where I can block out some time and skip design calls for a little bit and get this stuff pushed in

Unknown Speaker  1:50:28
Microsoft, did you follow all that technical talk?

Unknown Speaker  1:50:33
No, I didn't know I didn't follow all of it. But

Speaker 1  1:50:39
I was nerding out for a second because it all clicked in my head. And I was like, Man, this could be bent.

Speaker 3  1:50:50
So besides to give us some I mean, you're saying skip design calls block out some time, you're talking about you doing the actual, most of the development and actually deploying it is, is what you're saying?

Matthias Miller  1:51:03
Yes, it's gonna have to plan plan has to be Joshua i.

Speaker 3  1:51:10
And if we came back Wednesday and said, you know, we know exactly what we want the processes, the AR the integration with, we want to do the integration with Platt. Like, what's realistic on when that could be? Could be done? When you're talking? Well? Sure. Well, I just, yeah, I mean, is, are we talking by end of April by end of second quarter? Or somewhere?

Matthias Miller  1:51:49
Well, I'm gonna say something end of May, is most realistic. I have a number of things vying for my attention in April in May.

Matthias Miller  1:52:10
But that would only be for the plaid integration. I don't want to get stuck with I would only be doing the information to get stuff from plaid into assist. And we'd still have to do other AR related coding. And that would probably record a conversation with Ellis about development capacity. That side of things used to be relatively straightforward, but

Speaker 1  1:52:39
but this would set us up to clean up our current accounts receivable process and set you up ready for all of that none of that is throw away. We're going into accounting, I mean, all of that you're going to need anyway. No.

Matthias Miller  1:52:52
Yes, that's correct.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:58
Okay, well,

Speaker 3  1:52:59
I think that gives us I mean, I think that gives us to work off of and, Dwayne, do you think it's fair? I mean, it's realistic to think that we can have by Wednesday, have narrowed down? Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:53:13
Okay, you and I can talk through this, I think I'm, I mean, I've got nothing until the end of the day, except to go the bathroom because my bladder is about full, but I mean, I have things I could be doing. But I mean, if you wanted to, if you wanted to build a proposal for this thing, and and have it in front of the board tomorrow, it's very, very possible.

Speaker 3  1:53:38
I was thinking we could do it or when are 10 Tomorrow? Got some other things I need to take care of yet? Like your time?

Speaker 1  1:53:53
Yeah, I think the especially if I sat down and jotted a bunch of my thoughts out and email and talk to you.

Speaker 3  1:54:00
Sure. Yeah, that would be good. Because I mean, the other thing we want to see be massages is where other projects that we're currently working on so which we can cover Wednesday as far as it is, will it push other things back and how far but good. I think that we've kept you almost two hours now. So I do have one quick question for you on Nick though. If you have a few minutes yet. Alright. Yeah. Is there anything else on on what we've covered that should be addressed?

Speaker 3  1:54:51
I should just try and give them a call. I had a request that Nick to build a report What I'm trying to do is is to be able to see what was materials inventory two by fours? What was how much inventory had we received, but not yet paid for at the end of 2022? I know he told me he's pretty. Got a big project he's working on last week and this week, I believe, and I do need that report sometime this week, if possible. So I didn't know if you know, where, where he's going with batteries. He hasn't responded to emails yet? Should I just try and give him a call? Or is there

Matthias Miller  1:55:55
other I would say, if you really have to have it this week, then perhaps what we should do is take a look at Dwayne and maybe Dwayne, and I should take a look at it on our Wednesday call and see if he and I can get this together.

Speaker 3  1:56:23
Okay, so you're saying Nick is probably not going to be able to get to it this week? I mean, I can send you what I didn't.

Matthias Miller  1:56:41
I would probably start with the assumption that he won't that don't know.

Speaker 3  1:56:58
Well, I can get you to, I can send it to you. And you can you can take it from there. Or if you want me to

Matthias Miller  1:57:10
let me do this. Let me I don't even know if Ellis is in this week. Ellis is not in this week. Let me ping Nick and see.

Speaker 3  1:57:43
What's up trying to get her at what it is we're trying to get our adjustments made early this week. So we can hopefully do our adjustments. Which in the true accrual. Do our adjustments and file our taxes before the deadline on the 17th is what we're trying to do. But if if that doesn't work out, we can always file for an extension.

Matthias Miller  1:58:07
I'm going to say that either. I mean, I think I think bottom line either either. We'll we'll take a look at it. I'll see if Nick Nick can do it. If not Dwayne. Let's take a look at it on Wednesday and see if we can put this report together.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:27
Mark You gonna send up where it's gonna send over the details?

Unknown Speaker  1:58:32
I can Yeah, I can send send it to you and and Matthias if to be clear. It's not this should have been sent out like this request should have. I should have sent it to Nick a long time ago. Right. So it's my fault. We're in this in this I'll send it over and and what you take from there.

Matthias Miller  1:58:59
Cool. Sounds good. Thanks, Mark.

Unknown Speaker  1:59:02
Thanks, guys.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai