Matthias Miller  00:02
You asked me a little bit about what's my process for rapidly processing emails. But one of the things, one of the rules of thumb that I have is keep everything on your plate as as little as possible, get it under somebody's else's plate as quickly as possible. And when there's technical knowledge involved, do as much diagnosis as as you need to to keep it from coming back to you. And then of course, handed off and leave it on somebody else's court for follow up. So my only response is a mean email for me as a hospitalist. And that's how I roll with it. So when I sit down for email, one of the first things that I do is read through all the informational emails. And this really is a process change that I think could be helpful or beneficial for me. It's easy just to kind of get in the rhythm and habit of it, but I think it could actually be helpful for me to separate things that require some kind of communication or project management back and forth. And actual feedback for me versus things that are strictly just informational. But So read through, get rid of those things that are just informational, anything that they need to know. And then there are times when there's a bigger project where, for example, the inside marketing project is a bigger project that requires a lot more back and forth. One of the things that I do on those that we started doing, that gave introduced me to that I really like is you have a single email thread where things are going back and forth. You have a new paragraph for each topic with a bold prefix. So for example, you know, you might have on a marketing campaign, you might have something like Google ads, in bold and then you have a paragraph describing information regarding Google ads. And you have another one bold Facebook ads, and you talk about stuff about that and then you have like bold contracting for fill in the blank 123. And you have, you know more specifics around that. And what that allows you to do is rather than having a dozen different email chains, where things things are flying back and forth, that allows you to have a single email chain and, you know, go back and forth on that and make sure things don't fall through the cracks. The other thing that I will look for is for duplicates, so for example, sometimes you get error notifications or things like that. So the earlier ones they just discard the early ones or sometimes you discard the later ones, whatever it doesn't really matter. Just get slowly the just catch one of them. Getting second let me think what else So typically, when I'm overwhelmed that things tend to sit in my inbox a little bit, because my, my management, time management goes down when I'm overwhelmed. I try to keep only a few things that really deserved my highest priority at any given time, and requires more level of detail than that it probably needs to be handed off to somebody else to help manage and oversee. But there are times when I will take something that's on in my inbox and I'll throw it on the calendar or I'll throw it in the project management system and put it on there. Or that's, that's really what I do there and then on the project management side, I think I've lacked this primarily on the courthouse side. But once again, I truly try to put as much project ownership on other people as possible. So they're actually responsible for managing the project management is the most challenging for me to determine priorities and what needs to be done and as much as possible, just looping some whoever knows into that and whoever's got that kind of operational mindset and just lean on them to help me kind of decipher what's what and and sort through it, there's also one of the things that I've learned is to respect my own kind of creative and working with him, which is absolutely catastrophic for somebody who doesn't understand how I work. I'll get to that in just a moment. So I've actually got a really good handle over my flow of energy, but it's a nonlinear type of type of working style. And so I will pick something up while I have creative energy for that I work on it until I lose steam on it, and I will set it aside and I'll go work on something else. This is the kind of thing that drives people crazy when they you know, if you're linear worker, this is not a style that's going to work for you. But I understand my style and I know what works and I'm constantly re evaluating and judging things based on the current priority and where things are at. And the other thing that's been really helpful for me is time not in initiating factfinder. And so I don't always recognize when I'm missing information. So one of the things that I have learned along the way is to recognize basically were common reasons why I start out or lose motivation or a project and almost always, when I hit a wall, it's it's either also decided I'll wait until it's the right timing because it might not be the right timing to pursue it

Matthias Miller  04:41
or to keep driving it forward. I will, again, my most successful and most successful when I got somebody else where I can set it aside. There's somebody else I'm collaborating with on the project, we got to get heads together and work through that. It's also been really helpful for me to have a coach that got access to more than once a month and be able to bouncing things back and forth and get momentum and stuff as I get stuck on it. And then there's still this whole system with with email subscriptions. I rag email subscriptions based on frequency daily, weekly, monthly and that system works very well. And so those just happen sporadically and randomly whenever you feel like going in there and and finding out what's going on but there's not really any kind of real urgency. I think that's probably the gist of it. How I process my email. If there's any more specific questions have answer them. Thanks


Transcribed by https://otter.ai