Unknown Speaker  00:36
Hello, hello, I'm

Unknown Speaker  00:46
you can hear

Unknown Speaker  00:54
me? Can you hear me? Can you hear me? All right, I hear little to nothing.

Unknown Speaker  01:19
Can you hear me? Are we here?

Matthias Miller  01:33
Very Can you hear me? Now? I can hear you now. All right, it was between Wi Fi and cell that's funny. Yeah. All the things that technology has solved. Why has it not solved? Like, why can you not have redundant packets sent over both networks in some capacity? Yeah. Anyway,

Speaker 1  02:03
we're gonna, I'm gonna add my note taker to the meeting. Hey, I am about, for the for really the first time in my life, I am about to fire a client like I've had to part ways with people before, but I'm literally having to write somebody a message and say, Get lost and don't come back. And you happen to catch me. It's a miserable experience for me. I've never had to do this before, and you happen to catch me like right before I hit the send button. I'm sorry. You're also welcome to tell me that you don't want to know about it or hear about it as well. But, yeah, if you're game, I could talk about it for a minute. The main thing is, I don't want to make things worse like it. Definitely don't want to make things worse, that's for sure. You want to hear about it, yep. Okay, all right. So I just realized, give me one quick second. My wife is messaging me. I was asking her opinion on the same thing before I clicked the button to one quick second here. Yep, I

Speaker 1  03:23
so I think you actually have experience it with dealing with difficult circumstances, maybe even if only in your personal life. I have a little bit of it as well from the personal side, and I've made mistakes in the past, including accidentally provoking people when trying to say, like, you know, okay, let's agree to disagree. And then I ran my mouth and said too much, and hurt feeling is even worse, and all that. Yep, so the deal is, is that I'm pretty sure I've told you a half a billion Well, remember the the droid, the DBR thing we did for Yoders? Remember that? Yeah, yeah, the lead reactivation. So I have been trying and trying and trying with these AI go high level agents for a year and a half now, and and you, I think you know a lot of the story. I'm almost certain I've told you great big, um, uh, portions of this already, so I won't recap it. But so this one fellow that I've been working with this year up until, um, now, like from February or March until now, uh, he's quite the talker, which makes him quite the salesman. Um, it's annoying to me. He's he's one of the most frustrating things on the surface that I've had all year long is that he, uh, he loves Converse. He likes to talk. If he could, he would talk every day. Day, and like he literally talks for hours at a time, by which I mean two or three hours for every phone call, and he swears up a purple streak, which is just irritating to me personally. Also all of this while claiming to be a Christian, I get the feeling he's a Calvinist or something, based on a couple of things he said, but I'm not, I'm not sure. I think he might be a self, self taught, independent, something or other. Anyway, I found him at the place where, you know, we both signed up for the same gurus course, in other words, and the common arrangement there is a JV, like, it's just what everybody does 5050, JV. One guy builds, one guy sells, or one guy's a client, one guy just something. And it's just kind of the rule of thumb. And I know 50% is a little heavy handed in some ways, depending on who you're talking to, but so I first talked to this guy last fall, and it became apparent that he wanted something probably a little bigger, faster than I can give and we, like, we talked a couple times, and then I just didn't hear from him again. So it turned out what he'd done in the meantime is he'd gone and partnered with another guy in the same group who was quite good, as best I can tell, quite, quite good, I would say, way better than myself at GHL automations, n, a n, the whole nine yards. And over the winter, they built some really fantastic stuff that's actually way better than what the guru teaches in the course, if you ask me, Well, this spring, I think it was like March, but now I can't quite remember. I got a call from this fellow in a panic, saying that the fellow he'd hired, that the techie guy that he'd hired that built all this stuff, just like unplugged one day, abandoned ship had enough, stopped responding to messages, just checked out, blocked him all kinds of things, and said, like, I don't think he even said much, but, like, it was just totally over at that point. So the one thing that this guy did manage to do was get some backups from the tech fellow, and he wanted me to help him, like, put it all back, to get restore the backups, get a new server, put it all back together, make it all work in a great big hurry. And he was supposed to get paid. The hurry was that they had almost finished building and they were supposed to finish delivering the client and launch in a certain time frame. And we actually, I did help him, but we actually missed that time frame because, like, while this was in progress, this guy, and after he asked me to help him, like, hurry up and put it all back together, this guy decided that he didn't like being in the position of not being able to do it All himself, so he actually delayed me while he tried to do it on his own, without me and and then I got and then it was like, eventually became apparent that, for lack of time, he needed to let me do it anyway. We started talking about some of the fancier API's and stuff that were needed. And I just told him, like, you know, if you're in that big of a rush, I'm not sure I can do all this unusual stuff in a hurry. You probably need to go get an actual developer who knows in aid in really well to glue some of this stuff together. So we did. He and I actually went and found a guy together, like we worked on something. We posted on Upwork. We went and found a guy, so on and so forth. A couple guys, and in the meantime, that whole thing stretched out like six weeks, and we actually missed the deadline. We I can't remember if we missed it or we just barely got it done in time, but either way, the client that the whole thing was in a rush for that was supposed to pay like $40,000 just right at the last minute. Said, forget it. We hate all this. We're out of here. This is like after everything was built and restored and everything, and they checked out so nobody got paid. And then we did it again for some smaller clients. And then we did it again for some small new clients. And then we did it again. And the last, like four were on kind of trials they were supposed to pay upfront. They were slow about paying last I heard a little while back, the money still hadn't been received yet. But all that said the guy's been trying to grow the company at the same time, and about two months ago, which was a good two or three months into this process, he started telling me this big picture he planned to build, like a, basically a five a billion, I can't remember the figure. He came up with a $500 million half a billion. And I think that's what it was, AI company, and then, like, exit and sell in a few years. And I kind of figured that was trouble, based on his viewpoint about it. He started talking about everybody having equity and blah, blah, blah, and we would get a percentage when it sold, and all this. And the one mistake I made is I should have made this guy sign a contract like a couple months into this, and I didn't do it because a lot of stuff was still up in the air, and we were trying to figure out how this was even going to work. My bad times 100 on that one, but he was fairly reasonable about it early on, so I and again, we both came from the same situation and background, and I knew that his arrangement with the last guy was 5050, so I made some assumptions there that this is how it's gonna go. So in the meantime, I don't it would literally take me an hour to explain all that's gone on the last couple of months. But he he hired some more people. I asked him over and over and over to hire somebody who would help me get the bugs worked out of the droids we were trying to deliver. And then, like, and then do whatever. Later, he got real chagrined about the idea that he would hire somebody to help me. And I had told him many times, hey, I would go hire somebody if I was getting paid, but I can't, like, take out of my own pocket and go hire people just to build this stuff, and we don't even know how the payment ranges or schedule or anything is going to work at this point. And he knew that. He knew that real well. So then there got to be a little bit of dissatisfaction on the team in general. The one tech guy that he and I actually hired on Upwork together, I asked him to do something one day, like, a couple weeks ago, and apparently he took that wrong and was wondering, like he somehow he felt like his position in the company was being challenged or something, which to me, is kind of bizarre. I can kind of see it that way a little bit, but it was fairly ridiculous and meaningless, like it didn't matter. We needed to get something solved for a client. That was all there is to it. And at the end of the day, he and I are the two techs, it's our job to get it done, right? So anyway, so last weekend, this guy called me, and I'm not joking, talked for four and a half hours about all this stuff and how unhappy he was with the situation and the fact that things were moving too slow, and he decided that he was losing clients because I was moving too slow, which is really not true, by the way. Like I again, I give you details, we would take an hour to go over it, the only person that we lost at all, like actually lost. It was pretty clear to me that they were tire kickers. They they signed up probably because they wanted a trial, and had no intention of paying from the very beginning, and then just gave a couple complaints as their reason for not paying.

Speaker 1  12:59
So literally, I have worked for this, for this guy from about February, February till now, on a presumed JV arrangement, he sent me $1,000 around April or so to, kind of like grease the wheels a little bit, which was great. But by no means does that $1,000 cover this kind of a workload. And then on top of that, he was asking me to, like, take over customer delivery, start onboarding clients. He was complaining about the fact that I literally am not checking my email box every day, 100 times a day, some other stuff. And like, wanting me to just do more and more and more and more and so on this call I had with him a few days ago, in the last week I've I finally just brought up the payment issue point blank. And like, you know, this is crazy. I can't just keep working for free. What's the plan here? Um, and it became pretty obvious that his view was that moving forward, the only thing I could do for him, in his mind, is continue to, like, roll out the snapshots the agents for the clients, and that it wasn't worth any more to him than he would pay, say, a Filipino, to do The same thing, for example, and that he was not willing to do a percentage share except for his five year exit five years from now. And then he started telling me how he wants to do this legal deal where you only get the benefit of the five year exit, if you like, actually stay in the company for all five years and fulfill all these blah, blah, blah, blah. It was like, it's just ridiculous. Like, there's no way I could sign on to that, because I would end up working for free for four and a quarter years and then, like, lose out at the last minute. It was just totally unworkable. So yeah, so I spent the whole evening here trying to write this guy a. Letter saying, like, I can't do this. This is not what I came here to build. It's not the arrangement that I came here to work under and and I gotta go. But I'm just trying to do it in a way that doesn't like my natural tendency being a little bit cynical is to like, kind of outline my grievances, or what he did wrong or something, or all that. And at this point, though, while trying to grow up and be an adult, I just don't think that's going to do any good. So I'm thinking like I told him how much time I put in, what its sticker value is, I kind of reiterated, like, what I was expecting when we got here, why I stuck it out for so long, and then I thought about saying, and I'm leaving because right? And talked about the future and all that, but I don't know, it didn't sit with me real well, so I just kind of deleted that. Told them that I think I left things a whole lot better than I found them after the other tech guy abandoned ship earlier this year, and wish them the best. And I like, I don't know, what do you think of anything I just said,

Matthias Miller  16:13
number one, do you have your own snapshots of what you've done for this guy?

Unknown Speaker  16:18
I do awesome. Good.

Matthias Miller  16:23
Number two, I think, I don't think there's anything you can tell this guy. This guy is so delusional.

Speaker 1  16:36
I That's exactly that you're spot on. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:39
so you just stumble into an art of some kind, or strongly narcissistic behaviors, or whatever you want to call it, he's delusional. Nothing you will say is going to register the truth. The only thing that it's going to or the thing it's most likely to trigger, I'll try not to make absolute statements. So it's most likely to trigger is accusations back at you. I would say there's a reason the other guy disappeared somewhere, yeah, and so I would, I would personally just keep it very terse and just say, Look, you know what? I started this. I you know I had, I started this with the expectation of a revenue share. I'm not currently looking to work for equity. I I wouldn't even bother trying to explain the value that you've given him. I don't think there's, I think there's nothing. I don't even know that a contract would hold with this guy. I think he's been if I had to make a guess, and this is assumptions, not data. I'm just saying pattern recognition from people, from what you shared, and people like this person, he's probably has been collecting cash somewhere. It's just not clear exactly from where I could be completely mistaken. I know it's a little bit of a bold statement, and I would just say, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not interested in an equity arrangement. And you know, you've got your tech guy. I wish you the best. And just and then, literally, if it's easier for you, and I know I take a pretty, I take a pretty, I take a pretty hard stance on this, but I would just take his. I don't care whether you block him or not, but if it were me, I would just take his emails and, at a minimum, set up a filter that archives them and marks him as read and just basically mute him from your life. Now that's my take on it. I don't think there's any redeeming the situation. I don't even know that a contract would have fixed it. I just think you ran into a guy who, well, can't really have anything. Whatever he said, He's delusional. He has no no. He's got no

Matthias Miller  19:40
okay, there are three types of people, if you tap the table in front of you, there are people who will tell you you tap the table. Then there are people who will tell you you did not tap the table. Then you have people who will tell you what table.

Unknown Speaker  19:58
Yep. Two

Matthias Miller  19:59
of those have. A have a reference of truth and reality, even if they're arguing against it. Yep, people like this guy, this guy, sounds to me like the what table kind I don't think there's anything you can do because learn how to identify things sooner and not go as far down the road with these

Speaker 1  20:21
types of people. Yeah, you're not kidding. So did I hear you right? That you said, in your opinion, you would not, like, if you were me, you would not tell him about, like, the amount of time and value that I've put in because I did, I told him, like, I've put in over 500 hours, and it's worth about $45,000 at my sticker price, but you're saying you wouldn't do anything like that. I

Matthias Miller  20:50
don't know what the point is, because he's going to come back to you and say, No, it's not. You're Filipino. I mean, Filipino for for 2500 Yeah, and I already paid you half of that. Like, why are you so greedy?

Unknown Speaker  21:04
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  21:06
Tell me. Tell me if there's any evidence along the way that he would respond any differently,

Speaker 1  21:14
no. And my biggest hang up about this is that no matter what I say, it's going to cause some kind of explosion, which I just really don't need in my life right now,

Matthias Miller  21:22
and I would just bow out and just say, I know this sounds okay. I know there's a place for sticking up for yourself, but if you can, and if this messes with your head in some way, let's please reconsider. But if you can, and I know it's also kind of lying, but if you can even moderately hang your head a little bit and say, I'm sorry, I'm not saying in these literal words, I'm sorry, I'm just not man enough to take the equity route, he'll move on, I think. And let's just not poke the bear, and let's leave him in his delusion, and he can find somebody else who can solve this problem.

Speaker 1  22:17
Heavy emphasis on the equity part, or heavy emphasis on that I'm not man enough

Matthias Miller  22:21
part, no, just on the equity part, just I can

Speaker 1  22:25
I have. I'm a little reluctant to say I'm not man

Matthias Miller  22:30
but I was gonna read into it. That's totally

Speaker 1  22:33
good. Well, I'm not. This is the honest truth. I am not in a position to do free work for five years in the hopes of getting paid equity. In fact, I can't even go another month in the hopes of paying equity. Are getting paid five years from now. So yes, I'm totally good with that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  22:52
So just a simple explanation, although revenue share and or just you don't even have to say that. It could be as simple as, hey, it was helpful to understand that you're looking for somebody who's looking to take equity. This is not, you know, and however you want to say this, this is not, this is not. This is not something I'm looking to do at the moment. You've got a well, competent tech person here if you want to say that, and I wish you all the best.

Speaker 1  23:35
Yeah, I have a feeling that you're also thinking, the shorter the better. The

Matthias Miller  23:41
shorter, the better, less explanation, any kind of accusation. This is a conversation from today. One of the ways, there's two ways, this is opinion makes from the friend of mine's experience, not I don't know that it's psychologically founded, but one of the, one of the ways to identify whether somebody truly is a narcissist, full blown, full on narcissist, is, can you access their humanity in any capacity? I it. And if you can, they may have narcissistic behaviors, but if you can access their humanity in some capacity, it's like a little chink in the in the self protective armor. But if you can't, well, it's really hard to make any progress if you can't. And second of all, my friend was my friend said he would intentionally do this with people, and he made it the example. Let's say that this other guy's wearing a black shirt, and. He would call them out on something that they obviously did wrong, and he would do it intentionally, in a bit of an accusatory tone, and like, you know, you're not supposed to be wearing a black shirt like and he would wait and within, you know, five or 10 minutes, so in the conversation, no matter whether my friend was wearing a black shirt or not, the accusation that the the retort would come back like, well, you're wearing a black shirt, like this is just the nature of the game. The I don't pretend to understand, try to understand the patterns well enough to navigate them. I cannot fully understand what experiences and decisions somebody has to go through to get to this point. I don't understand that. So, yes, I would say shorter the better. Bow out. It's not a good fit. Move on.

Unknown Speaker  26:09
Okay, yeah.

Matthias Miller  26:12
And if you find yourself tempted, you are rational and logical enough, in my opinion, that if he comes back with a attempted argument, yes, but I mean, but you it's

Speaker 1  26:27
not working well, there's this guy has so much talk in him that there's no way that he's going to just say, okay, great,

Matthias Miller  26:35
yeah. Then, and if you're going to be tempted to defend yourself, just just block or mute him, I mean, you don't owe him anything.

Speaker 1  26:51
Yeah, so the one and only reason I wouldn't you're not wrong at all. The one and only reason I wouldn't block him is he has already claimed that he's never going to, what's the word he used,

Speaker 1  27:12
never going to cheat anybody that is not the word he used, but like, he's Never going to like, you know, in other words, he's trying to say that he's gonna play fair and whatever, but, and so with that in mind, I'm hoping he'll pay for something, because, man alive, I need the money, and it's just an inordinate amount of time down the drain, Some of which he is supposedly, yeah. So then yesterday, he sent me a text, which I didn't answer. That was like, Oh, finally, got some payments in. But I don't know. It's almost like that it may have happened, like, according to the schedule. Yes, that is possible. I'm not saying he's lying, but I think he's just kind of like, already trying to butter me up, or something. Butter me up as the wrong phrase, but like, you know more out of me, Yep, yeah, all right. Well, okay,

Matthias Miller  28:15
I mean, I suppose it's up to you. Yeah, you can't. I don't personally, I know this is wildly painful, man, I've had such a history with these types of people, both virtually and in my family, but I mean not my immediate family, but my family experiencing them. But I think there is a world, if you wanted to say this is that if you want to, if you, if you want to continue working together in some capacity, whatever you know, I'll do it, you know, upon I need this, this much of payment and well, with the understanding that, well, I don't know the understanding matters, but I need a payment of X amount, and then you need to be clear when you're going to start and stop Working. If he pays you, he's going to want you to keep working for him. He's going to assume that he's forward. You're going to assume he's back paying. He's going to assume he's forward paying.

Speaker 1  29:30
Yep, yep. You are very right about that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  29:35
you have to make sure it's an amount that's big enough. It's probably, I mean, you're not willing to do it less than what the number is, 5k 10k installment. I don't know what. I don't know what the number is for you. You paid your K last time, and you want to get a k out of him, then you're probably gonna have to ask for a minimum of two. Two said you can work another week, whatever you're comfortable working for before you say it Okay, well, same thing. Gonna need it again. You choose falls in your court. And if you want to do that, I'm very skeptical about it, that if I'm looking at his actions, it says nobody, he's not going to cheat anybody, but I don't see any. The actions would seem to indicate otherwise.

Speaker 1  30:35
Yeah, yep, yep, and she cheat. Was not the word he used, but it was, it was like, it was like that. I'm just sure

Matthias Miller  30:48
I was part of a, this is probably one of the worst ones. Back in 2020 I was part of a group that was more of a charismatic Christian group, there was this guy who showed up, who was allegedly this diplomat, and you know this really, you know, this really great guy who's really wealthy and cared about orphans and somehow got connected with some of the ladies in the group. Some of them were friends with me. Got started this, you know, this, starting this board of some things. He wanted to start all this other kinds of stuff. I was just like, Okay, well, this is interesting. Like, to be honest, it was kind of exciting to have somebody that, you know, he he's working with the elite and like, all this stuff like this is like, this guy's been around and and, you know how early conversations go, it's just like, it's open ended. We're figuring stuff out. And then, literally, was it. I don't know the exact timeline, but two to three weeks later, I get a call from one of the ladies, and she's like, this guy has had private phone conversations with some of the ladies in the group, and this guy is really, he's extremely perverted. And, I mean, that's the very short answer. And like, this guy is anything but what he's positioned himself as.

Matthias Miller  32:42
I I'm just saying

Matthias Miller  32:49
there are

Matthias Miller  32:58
when people start misrepresenting the truth, not just, not just white lies to make themselves. You know that many of us do to protect our image, but at a very deep level, start misrepresenting truth. Uh, so the this stuff goes the issues around it goes super, super deep. I have a friend of mine who's been working for years to bring and he's done a lot to bring positive change into our community, but economic growth, other types of stuff like that, and he's had some of the most bizarre people come out of the woodwork. And again, just my opinion, from my experience when, when they get I think there's a certain type of them that really turn into a I'm going to chase you down and wear you down. And I think some of them, I think this, the first guy, talked about, they're smart enough to know that there's way more more candidates in the ocean just to move along and go scam somebody else than it is to try to get revenge. I don't know if it's completely true, but it almost seems, it seems to me, like, unless you have, this is me slightly extrapolating, but that unless you've got lots of money for them to come after that, they just would rather go fish. Should find another easy candidate. And if somebody doesn't have money and has lots of time, they're much more likely to be the, I don't know, ankle bite or rat terrier that doesn't go away and it's obnoxious and makes life absolutely miserable.

Unknown Speaker  35:20
Yeah, yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  35:23
those are my two cents, given that, what you will. I'm sorry, no,

Speaker 1  35:27
it's actually worth the time. I think God sent you because that was perfect timing.

Matthias Miller  35:35
I would. I have a friend of mine who went through, I think, probably much worse stuff than I have. I mean, simple description is, I would, I never wish on anybody to have to deal with people like this in any capacity?

Unknown Speaker  35:50
Yeah, so

Matthias Miller  35:52
I'm sorry. Happens? Fallen world, broken world,

Speaker 1  35:56
lesson learned, yep. Um, awesome. All right, I made a few notes while you were talking. I've got a 12345678, sentence, paragraph, and after what you said, I'm gonna try to cut it down to half that. Let's talk about better stuff. What were you thinking there with the I have seen is, who's the person behind automated clients? I know I've seen that before. Was that, is that Allison panic again?

Matthias Miller  36:28
Yeah, yep. It is okay. And he is a one day. It's a one day, $1 special, one you buy 200 copies for your friends for $200 i dollars.

Unknown Speaker  36:45
I'm assuming that was a joke, right?

Matthias Miller  36:49
So, so one of the members commented, literally say it again, somebody, one of the members posted on it's on his on this comment, I was like, that's too good not

Speaker 1  36:59
to share. Yeah. Oh, yeah. So literally, you can buy into his system for $1 that's awesome. I'm gonna do it. I've actually wanted that for about three years, kind of but, but also about two, whatever it is, two, three years ago, I just decided I was done paying, you know, hundreds of dollars a month or a year for gurus.

Matthias Miller  37:21
So it's not the membership, it's just the products. Understood. Understood, yeah,

Speaker 1  37:28
according to So, I'm in the free group. Never have joined the paid one. Don't think I ever will. But according to people in the free group, this funnel, the auto the AC funnel, as everybody calls it, is the thing that works reliably and consistently and, you know, and that's been the case for two or three years running now. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  37:51
yeah. Well, Allen's a I don't know, I don't know much about him, but he seems like I'm always scared to say this, watching him skeptically from the outside, but he seems like a guy who knows, who's really sharp, really intelligent, and has a deep desire to

Speaker 1  38:12
help people. So seems like it. Yeah. Okay, who knows, but awesome. Whatever became of you are asking me to edit a WordPress page. I misunderstood you the first time I thought you wanted a WordPress upgrade, meaning a whole site. Do you still need help with that? Or did you get

Matthias Miller  38:28
it solved? Yeah, literally, I asked somebody, one of my clients, what's the biggest thing that's causing you stress, or what's the biggest thing that would help move the needle for you having such more like that, and if you can have it off your plate without thinking about it for the next two weeks, you two weeks. What would it be? They came back with that, and then, and then I texted back for some clarifying details, and he's like, yeah, actually, your text inspired me to go get it done.

Speaker 1  38:56
So we got it done. Okay, that's great. That's all good,

Matthias Miller  39:00
but you should know this. Richard Miller was in town today to shoot videos, a sales training video that I'll use to promote, promote stuff. And I'm taking, I'm doing a talk at the Expo on 2 million per year reps. That's going to be one of my angles. I Josh long reached out to me. He's reaching out to a number of people in his network. I don't know how many, but a number of people in his network basically said, Look, book sales calls anytime you want. I will close gigs for you, and I will close gigs for me, and I don't care what. So now I have a sales guy in my back pocket, which is crazy. I got him on a call with the same client that I talked about, and you started to tell them you have State Street cancer. If you don't fix financing on your business, you're completely upside down, which isn't wrong. And which completely rattled the general manager we were talking to,

Unknown Speaker  40:13
and say again, who is it that has the cancer? Exactly,

Matthias Miller  40:15
the client, okay. I mean, the company, the business. I mean, yeah, business, their cash, they have about I mean, they're bleeding six there's six figures in the red every year, and they're relying on an investor to build them out until they get the business paid off.

Unknown Speaker  40:41
What is the business again? Is it sheds? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:44
it is, yep, yikes, yep. They did not negotiate. It's the guys first. It's the there's, there's a there's an active owner, active investor, and a passive investor, passive investor has, has some form of old money, inherited a bunch of stuff. Young investor says he loves business and that he's born for it. Has very little experience, or has very little not experience. His experience, I don't know. He's just, he's, he's young and draining, in my opinion. So anyway, all that to say to my point. So I'm taking Josh long sales assessment as an offer to the Expo, and I'm planning, I have a book that I'm taking the rock solid ship business to the expo as well.

Speaker 1  41:54
Sorry, go ahead. No, I said, Nice. Oh, I'm sorry. And then

Matthias Miller  42:01
I was talking to an EOS implementer. A lot of people recommend getting certified with something like that for bit of a halo effect.

Matthias Miller  42:13
I don't feel like that's my problem, or that's not how I want to solve the problem. I feel like get a really compelling I feel like getting a really compelling offer fixes most of what you get with halo effect, but I could be proven wrong, and I kind of feel like I've already done so much of my slogging already that there's gotta be maybe I'm still a glutton for punishment, but anyway, be that as it may. But he also recommended, which I kind of like do a come up with an A killer offer around cash flow and profitability, which is a pain point, and basically do an AB test with that as an alternate offer to take at the Expo. So I gotta figure out the details on that little bit of a crazy time, but we'll manage somehow.

Unknown Speaker  43:21
Yeah, okay, well, other than that, are things going good for you?

Matthias Miller  43:35
Yeah, in life, yes, okay, in here. I mean, in this, still, things aren't stacking up like they need to be. But yeah, I'm also, I also have a Josh Thomas did say the velocity selling method is one of the best. Is what he thinks is the best iteration of what I've come up with. I'm meeting with Scott Shang tomorrow to try to put together some kind of AI tool I can take to the expo. So I don't know. Yeah, besides that, everything else is going well. Has Heather? Are you running ads for Heather?

Unknown Speaker  44:19
No, I haven't heard from Heather in ages,

Unknown Speaker  44:27
shucks.

Matthias Miller  44:31
So she doesn't need more leads. That's probably her biggest problem right now. They she, she personally, by herself, closed. Happened? I half a million this month. So far,

Unknown Speaker  44:48
she's awesome.

Matthias Miller  44:50
Let's see. Half a million is that right? She

Speaker 1  44:52
should teach other people to Yeah. I just checked and I have not heard from Heather. I. Since the eighth let's see. I haven't heard from her since the 25th of June, and I sent her a couple messages after that, but And what, and what we were discussing was her giving me access to the ad account, her ad account, but she she never did, even with a couple of reminders.

Matthias Miller  45:22
So what happened was there with local IQ, and there is no, I don't know where the ad account lives, but there is no ad account for you to get access to, like they're literally held hostage in some form. It's just classic, classic big agency types of stuff, or lead gen kind I don't know what it is, but, but she doesn't need leads right now, which is probably why she's not talking to

Unknown Speaker  45:52
you. Yeah, yeah, I'm what, I wonder what she's done to be so successful.

Matthias Miller  45:58
Well, they're in a market. They're they are, the only manufacturer in their area. And the sales training with Richard today was about, he basically said, like, everything that that that he can teach you, the one sales trick that will throw that will blow every other sales trick out of the water.

Unknown Speaker  46:25
The what would blow them out of the

Matthias Miller  46:27
water on sales trick that will blow everything out of everything else. A

Speaker 1  46:31
sales trick, okay, it's called love. It's called love. Your audio like it's not breaking up, but somehow I just little

Matthias Miller  46:40
Yes, yeah. It's called Love, okay, which is, care more about the other person, wow, than anything else in the world. And I think Heather does that like. It's two things. One, she, she has a ferocious work ethic and drive, like she is, I know very few drip like, and not just work ethic and like, she just shows up and does stuff, get stuff done, like it's going to happen. But also, she is fiercely loyal and fiercely empathetic. I don't, I don't know how to describe it. She's like, fiercely loyal, empathetic. Ben has got a really good head on her shoulders and is a really strong executor. And so she texts people at 2am if the if they're texting her, she's, like, texting them back. Be like, alright. Like, here you go. Boom, boom, boom. Can we talk tomorrow? I don't know what she does. So that's, it's a combination really good opportunity, works really hard, cares about people. I kind of think it's a little bit of having one, a little bit of a personality and market lottery plus decisions to Lean in and make the most of it, but,

Unknown Speaker  48:16
yep,

Speaker 1  48:23
any chance you want to read what I've got queued up to send this guy Sure. Give me a moment to polish it down one more time here. See if I can remove something

Matthias Miller  48:35
while you're doing it. I think my new new go to AI prompts for the next foreseeable future should always be, please take this and help me say it very succinctly. And please take this and help me put it in fifth grade language.

Speaker 1  48:53
Yeah, I'm gonna turn my eight my air Esther back on. It's loud, but it's getting hot in here. Yep, I'm.

Speaker 1  50:20
I Think still a little bit long, but it's Because of the preamble and the exit, which I'm actually fine with her when I'm just going to stick this in signal, my wife pretty much asked me to include the line where I am asking him to compensate me for my time. You can just tell me what you think of it. It's all in signal. Signal, now,

Matthias Miller  52:11
the only small tweak I would make, say again, the only small tweak I would make is if there was any way to receive appropriate compensation. But appropriate.

Unknown Speaker  52:23
I like that. I like that a lot. Thanks for the Yeah. I'm editing it now.

Matthias Miller  52:42
It's personally, this is up to you, I would say, thanks to the call we had a few days ago about all this, I have taken some time to reflect.

Unknown Speaker  52:55
Can you share that all the way down? Yep,

Matthias Miller  52:57
don't, don't. You're not making excuses by not talking about being sick. You're just taking away ammunition from him. I already know you've been giving lenti,

Speaker 1  53:13
so I'm just gonna I'm editing it right now. There you go. I'm

Speaker 1  53:23
that was true, by the way, I actually didn't go to church yesterday because it wasn't feeling good. And I know that this fellow Mason is grumpy that I haven't been working and talking to him the last few days here, but that's all right. Can live without

Matthias Miller  53:38
it. I mean, I um, is it longer than it has to be? Yep, Do I see any glaring issues with it? Nope.

Unknown Speaker  53:54
If you could pick two things to remove, what would they be? I

Matthias Miller  54:14
I would shorten the However, after a last call paragraph, I would okay. I would I would kill and that is the reason I stayed on so long. It's just you just had that expectation. Yes,

Speaker 1  54:26
yep, I just thought the exact same thing. So Off it goes

Matthias Miller  54:30
after last call. It is apparent that it's apparent. This is not your plans. You

Speaker 1  54:43
and I could say, this does not match your plans, right? Not match your plans.

Matthias Miller  54:54
And then I would just say, I am, simply, I am. I my plans do not include this kind of long term equity play, and I cannot continue to spend more time here without meaningful short term or medium term compensation.

Matthias Miller  55:22
Thank that set out in the next line, if there was if, if there is any way to receive appropriate compensation for the time spent. Appreciate it. I

Speaker 1  55:45
it, yep, I definitely want the end to stay that way, unless you got a terrible that middle line. So however, after our last phone call, it's apparent this does not match your plans, my plans? Well, I got most of my plans are not able to include that kind of long term equity play that, yeah, not. It's not the I certainly can take money later. That's awesome. It's the not getting paid in the short run, that is the problem. And you know, he's pretending that he'll, there's a lot of things I didn't tell you. He is pretending he's going to pay in the middle. But, like, it's really weird. It was all it was kind of a variation of what you said about and he would think that anything paid is for the additional work, and then he wants to cap it to and like just, it's not, it's not going to work to barely get paid for five years, all of The hopes of a percentage of a big exit. Um,

Speaker 1  57:16
I'm making a change here. Try um, try that. I know it's not quite what you said, but it's, I'm referring to the however line. I mean,

Matthias Miller  57:35
if you want to clarify or not, my plans.

Unknown Speaker  57:43
I'm going to change that to waiting for waiting,

Speaker 1  57:51
waiting for long term equity payouts. I'm going to say, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  58:09
Okay, how's that? Little better?

Matthias Miller  58:47
We just say, well, it's still not quite conveying what you'd said. My plans need more. Here. Hang on.

Matthias Miller  59:15
You could almost just remove that middle sentence after less. Protocol is good parent. This is the magic plans. I simply can't continue to spend any more time without meaningful, shorter medium term compensation.

Speaker 1  59:33
So there I just changed it. It's almost what you said, right? Yeah, exactly. I guess I don't, yeah,

Matthias Miller  59:48
I think it's fine. I don't

Speaker 1  59:49
even know if I need that last part now, as does not match your plans, and simply cannot continue to spend any more time here, though. Yeah, I mean, because the truth, yeah. Yeah, I brought up the equity theme because he's really hung up on it, and he talks about it all the time, but that's his point, not my point, so I may as well just cut it all the way down to the short and medium term. Yeah, look at that now that I think that's better, sort of better, all right, anything else I'm pretty good with that.

Matthias Miller  1:00:27
It's it's good enough.

Speaker 1  1:00:29
Awesome. All right, well, I'm gonna go send it to him and slack and then hope that he doesn't burn my house down in the morning.

Matthias Miller  1:00:41
All right, sounds good. These are, I mean, it makes it less hard when you know they've been making money from it, but it's still hard to say no to this when there's

Unknown Speaker  1:00:52
money out of it. Yeah, yeah. All right. Really appreciate it. Thanks a lot.

Matthias Miller  1:00:58
Yep, you're most welcome. All right in touch, Yep, thanks man, well,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:03
good night. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai