Speaker 1  00:01
So what is it that you do? What I do is what only what other people cannot do. If there's anything that you have that you can hire somebody else for. I specifically do not do it. That's not what I do. But do you know those other pesky problems to have that just will not go away? You cannot solve you can't get ahead of you can't deal with they keep recurring.

Unknown Speaker  00:34
Those are the problems that I solve So how do you solve them? Well, that's a good question. If that depends, that depends on the problem. It depends on the situation.

Unknown Speaker  00:58
If you're asking him for my process or my approach, that's exactly why we're having this conversation. You know, here is where you're going to lose people.

Speaker 1  01:07
So there's this process and framework for dealing with these questions. So if you had to sit down with somebody, and we had to take a look at it, then we start looking at taking a look at the issue and we say,

Unknown Speaker  01:21
well, where you know, what is the root? Well, what are what are the symptoms we're experiencing? What are the causes of those symptoms? What is at the root and we also take a look at where this fits into the whole.

Speaker 1  01:44
w h o l e. And we look at places where what's at the root is misaligned with the hole and we find and create congruence between those. Now, this is like a chiropractic adjustment for the symptoms that you're experiencing. It means there's muscle that has to be built. There are skeletal layers that have to be come into alignment. And so there's this process of bringing these things into congruent fixing the root and bringing these things into congruent and allowing the fruit to come forth from this. The reason you can't hire anybody to do this is because there is nobody else who deals with issues at this deep of a level. I guarantee you, we will get down to root issues. And we will fix root issues. Now, what does this require? Will I come in with a magic solution? Absolutely not. Will I come in and try to give you something that does not fit your businesses is going to take your business and give you zero option to go right? Absolutely not. Here's what I will do. I will ask probing questions that I will ask questions I will interview people involved in this situation. Whether it's your staff, whether it's you, whether it's clients, people connected to this issue, and I will ask them questions, and we're going to uncover things that have not yet been uncovered. And in that uncovering process this is one of the things that you agreed to do you agree to allow me to have access to your staff, to you, anybody within the organization to have any kind of conversation necessary. That does not compromise that is not compromised you as a leader that does not compromise someone else as an employee. That does not intensify problems that are already going on. Now. Having said that, who should engage you should only engage with this if you're actually serious about solving the problem because at the point that you have somebody else, talking to your people about solving this problem, and you don't actually solve it, it sends it's a shot across the bow about insistently about who you are as a leader. And so you shouldn't do this unless you're absolutely willing and necessary to do whatever it takes to solve this problem.

Unknown Speaker  04:32
Now, what does it cost? Well, good question. It depends on the size and scope of the problem.

Speaker 1  04:41
Is there a guarantee? No, there is not. Because if you would have found a solution to this, here's the guarantee. I guarantee that throughout this process, we will uncover we will uncover things that will. Well, I don't know what it is, what is the guarantee? There is no guarantee. We can't guarantee what is the guarantee? There has to be a guarantee. It doesn't have to be guaranteed does it have to be guarantee? What is the guarantee?

Speaker 1  05:35
The guarantee is that throughout this process, you're going to uncover things about your organization and about this problem that you're dealing with that you have not considered before. And you're going to get a deeper, clearer understanding of what the problem actually is. In fact, we don't actually start with problem solving. You start with problem definition. The first step in this process is a diagnostic. So we're going to figure out what exactly the diagnostic is. We're going to figure out how to diagnose the problem. And we're going to get to the root of the actual issue. Then, and only then will we be able to take a look at what the actual solution really is. Now I have the freedom to look at any problem that you bring me and say I'm not interested in solving this problem. So the question then becomes what problems am I most interested in solving problems that most interested in solving is strategic problems. And personnel problems. And I am not looking well. But again, here's the only thing there are these are the only problems I solve the ones that you cannot hire somebody else to come solve. If you can hire a computer programmer to come fix your problem, I'm not the one. If you can hire an attorney to get you out of the problem. I'm not the person for you. If you can hire a technician to come in and fix some equipment, I'm not the one for you. If you can hire a trainer to come in for a day and give you a training to fix the problem. I'm not the one for you. I only solve problems that nobody else can solve. If you have any other problems that are solvable, solvable by somebody else the question is why haven't you solved it yet?

Speaker 1  07:36
This is a fascinating value proposition. Do I wish I had this? Yes. What is the problem for me the problem for me right now is

Speaker 1  07:53
the systems and structure and processes for myself that most people try to put me in and even my way of thinking do not actually fit the model of what it is that I'm trying to accomplish. Alright, so here's an example tagline we fix what business coaches can't we fix what, what consultants Can't we only fix what consultants can't? And like there is this crazy question mark that comes with that. So how do you do this? How do you do this? You do this? You do this? You do this? And the question on how you how we do this really comes down to look.

Unknown Speaker  08:41
Two things. First of all. Where does this question coming from? Why would they poke holes into it? Second of all, you wouldn't believe me if I told you so I can't just say it's the Holy Spirit with most of these things or that it's my intuition or my unique ability.

Speaker 1  09:07
Still feel like there's this objection of how do you do this? And I think the reality is we still break it down back to what we said previously, we have this ability to break down problems and diagnose problems. Level, not only of breaking it down

Speaker 1  09:29
but then also to being able to fit it into into the whole congruent so there's this strategic problem solving bent that comes with it. Now, what happens if you encounter a problem that you can't solve? Well, first of all Well, that's what the diagnostic session is for. That's why we do diagnosis first. How do we know whether we should solve the problem unless we know what the problem is?

Speaker 1  10:05
But I can tell you what the problem is. No, you can't. Because if you could tell me what the problem is, then you would already have found the solution. You are not able to articulate the problem correctly. Because if you could articulate the problem correctly, you will have the answer


Transcribed by https://otter.ai