Speaker 1  00:00
Okay, so my perspective is that yeah, if you guys agreed one day, awesome, whether you're flying back that night or first thing in the morning, go for it be all in and enjoy it. And I love that you brought up like, there can be some head trash about whether you belong or not. So if you hear anything specifically, like with your thoughts coming up for you write those down, send them to me. And then just be really intentional to steward your thoughts like anytime that that head trust comes up, shut it up, and shift it immediately to either in your head. Or if you're able to say it out loud, as well as your ears hear it as well. That you know you are, these are the people that you're meant to be with. And it doesn't matter. Like we don't even know just as an example, like, sure these people I'm sure are very good at what they do. We don't even know though like, head to head like are they at seven figures, eight figures, whatever, like does that even matter? Like because who you are, like you are very intelligent, you have great creative ideas, you really care about people. And that's the type of person that should be in that room. So focus on who you are, and the great things that you do bring to the table. And just go and connect, you know, on a personal level, right person to person, man to man, man or woman, whoever's in the room. And you just get to know who they are, you know, and of course, the you can pick their brains about whatever amazing, awesome ideas are coming up and share yours and all that. And don't be afraid to speak up because you do have really good ideas. So just set your mind on those things, and focus on what is and not where you might perceive a gap where there's like, when there might be a financial gap, or you guys might be at the exact same level or you might be ahead of them. You don't even know that. But don't focus on the gaps. But focus on where those connection points can happen. And that will help you also show up more fully as yourself and to feel like there's a place for you and that you belong. And of course there's a place for you because you were invited. I'm sure not very many people were. So go and enjoy the honor of getting to be in the room with these amazing people.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai