Matthias Miller  00:04
Alright, I'm gonna go ahead and share my screen and walk you through what it's going to take to configure some of this stuff. Most of it should be pretty relevant to you. But hopefully, there's not too much stuff that's not relevant. So you're gonna go into user group administration. And here, I'm actually going to set up a an account for you in here. And you can log in with a Google account with this email address. If that doesn't work, please let me know. I'm gonna give you administrator access so that you can see everything that you need to see. And so you should be able to log in to test any agenda that posting as soon as you see here. Alright, and now you're going to create a new group. And you're going to copy it from the template restricted user. And we're going to call this the foster parent portal. And now we're going to need some to enable some access permissions. And so once you get this, once you pull this up, you should actually be able to just go in here, pull this record up in the test HCM system, and basically copy all the values out. But since this is getting it set up for the first time, we're going to have to do things just a little bit differently. So it might be that I don't get this 100% right the first time. So bear with me, we're going to need this one in there, and we're going to need this one. And we are going to need this one, we're going to need a lot of detail screens where you need to allow the foster license detail screen, no commands. As far as permissions, no administrative permissions, you should not need to add remove lists created an expression codes don't need to upload data, database files, upload error logs, no don't need any scrolling through here, you shouldn't need any of these don't need them activity history. Don't need reports and graph settings. You have the people settings, explore the folder upload, you do need access to upload foster license fields, but very important to not give them access to edit all foster license fields. You'll see here, oh here actually what I'm going to do? Well, I'll say this, you need this one permission here, you need to have this homepage report and these three and this allowed detail screen and I'm going to test this out restricted data policy is just default. Alright, so I'm gonna go ahead and set up a test account for myself.

Unknown Speaker  03:11
We're gonna call this

Matthias Miller  03:20
just going to use my personal email address here, as well again, and this is actually going to be I think it should give an error. Yes. So you can only check. If you check, this can't be part of any other services, how you'd set up a foster parent. And then you would tie it out to my foster parent profile here, when you set up the user. So then we're going to Alright, I'm gonna go pull this up in another window. So you can see here, I'm trying to sign in with my other email address signing in his data kind of, well, it's gonna give me these terms to accept and it says an invalid computer component. So I think I must have gotten this wrong when I tried taking this off. And we're gonna try this again. In here, it says, you don't have access. So let me see when I foster license might not be active, or might not be tied out to a foster license. Foster licenses, test license with dates. So you shouldn't need to do this. But just because this is a test system and things are kind of funny. We might need to we are going to need to do this. And so there's that and then we're also going to make myself give myself a role of foster care. Oops, I want to do that. And I'm going to do myself foster parent Roth. Okay, so now, we should be good to go. Alright. So you'll see here we've got the following items that are overdue for my, for your foster licenses for myself, personally, all these things are due. Some of them are due to day trading hours shows, training hours here. This is actually a bug, we should fix that you should not be able to click through to that. Or try to click through, you can't click through because it's locked down. Upload Files. Now it does not like me uploading files. So one of the fun things that you can do over here is you can do you can impersonate a portal. And you can see here that

Matthias Miller  05:52
so let's see what's going on. Looks like to upload files. Plural of Word files, let's see if this one is for sure in my list of miss one.

Matthias Miller  06:11
Or blue files Hi. Oh, no, no, that's why add to favorites. There we go grab this path. And we're going to pick this there's one more that you're gonna have to put on here. You'll see it when you get in here. Alright, so now when I go back over to upload files, you can see that see, that's here. And I'm going to try to find a

Matthias Miller  06:45
blue this file here. It's a enabled ad fi filled with accurate user profiles with feet, and I'm from Russia. I'm adding the wrong name to the user profiles list. That's another bug. I will chase that. So the two issues are.

Matthias Miller  07:11
Alright, I will fix that later. view documents and we need the see what this one is. We need this one over here in the Alright, if you get ever lose replacing come back in a script portal and we're going to add a here and then we're also going to do a wiki need access to the wiki page. All right, the other thing that we're going to do is we don't want people to be able to modify the wiki. So we're gonna hit configure restricted data policies, create new restricted data policy policy name is foster parents, we're gonna filter by what I guess you don't need really need to filter by. And you're just gonna say that this is by definition read only, you can control if there are different categories. Actually, let's do this. Just for the sake of categories. Configure let's see, there is no wiki page categories. Let me do a new page. Let me see if we can add a category here. So we're gonna do foster parent portal. So we're going to create a new wiki page for rules and regs. And it's going to add add this category. So once you've added that category, you can actually go in here and say, by default hide all pages, but give them read only access to these sets of Wiki pages in that way you can avoid giving access to the wrong things you just assigned foster parent portal to the category and it just works should just work. So now when I come into here, actually, your documents your the rules and regs, I can drill in here and I don't have permission to edit, but I can I can take a look at the document or that this document here and access anything that's in there.

Speaker 1  09:25
So that is that part of it. And then the other thing that we'll need to do is

Matthias Miller  09:37
we need to set up some scheduled tasks. And so let me let's see. This guy, this guy in this guy, alright, so we're gonna go over into advanced admin scheduled tasks, we're going to create a new one A new task and this one is going to be monthly alerts. And this is going to run as just has to run as an administrator, nothing really matters. Who sorry, one other thing before what we're gonna, we're gonna get to this. So we're gonna run this monthly, on the day of the month, the first day of the month, there's other ways that you can do it, you can do the first business day of the month, it might actually be better first business day or after the first, and we're going to run this at 10 o'clock AM. And repeat every month, you can configure, once you set up your emails, you can get emails, when this fails, which you are going to want to do. And then we're going to be you can just copy and paste the command line from this system. But for the sake of this, we're going to go ahead and do this is an email. And this is the service email alerts. And then we're going to say 50, in case it goes hog wild, basically, that just keeps it from going completely crazy, copy the command for scheduled tasks, come over here, paste it, it's save and boom, the monthly Alerts is done. Then we're going to do here, I'm going to be lazy and just copy this one. And we're going to do the first business day on or after the fifth of the month. That's not completely accurate. But I mean, we could, I suppose also just do the fifth of the month, I don't know how you want to do this, you can work this out with Krista. And you go into Command Explorer, once again, you can monthly paperwork reminder, you just once this is here, what the maximum emails once, you can also just copy this out of this system, then once you get it done monthly paperwork, remind reminder. Once again, it's got the maximum emails at 50. That way, we're not just completely blasting blasts things. And then there's another one that we should do, which is a clear pending uploads, this is just kind of a we're going to do daily at like laminate. Sorry, not that 1am. And this is just some maintenance, that would be good run. Service, clear pending uploads, generate the command, we're gonna copy this over and paste it in here. Again, you can just, you know, name, scheduled frequency server time, that thing and then the command line, that's the main thing that you care about. And then once we get email configured, you can you can do that. So those are the scheduled tasks that you're going to have to set up. And then we're also going to we also need it before you do this probably actually but you know, whenever you get to it, we are going to need to set up some some email configuration settings. So this could be something like you've got a no reply, email address or something. This is the from address for all emails coming out of the system, including error emails, including the you know, the mc.com emails, here, you're going to do your mind make automation@gmail.com. And so this is where the text message, text message alerts are going to go to the subject will have it in the format of plus 110 digit phone number. And the subject is going to have the text email as some SMTP custom ca cert you shouldn't need that. But you can put in your your SMTP SMTP, password pass 1234 And it'll save. And then if you want to control who's got access to that, you can see that you can control that here so for example, you could but some some of our clients do have like a super administrator that has all the privileges administrator that has most of the rest of them. Or you could even I don't know even even for some of this stuff. Most of the staff doesn't actually need but it doesn't really matter that much I suppose. But what you would do here is just Yeah, disable the if you want to lock access that disabled with permission to edit account IDs, passwords and server addresses. So here's your port. Here's your SMTP security SMTP servers, mail that my SMTP You

Matthias Miller  15:06
username, my example that kind of let's do that it's in their own domains

Matthias Miller  15:18
Alright, so once you do that, if you go back into the scheduled tasks, you see them here, and you can then configure it to send email alerts or warnings or errors. You know whenever things go sideways to your own email address or wherever you want that to go. And then, as far as testing these alerts, one of the ways that you could test is if you go into all people, like a foster parent, you can work with Krista on this but let's say this and you could put in the paperwork reminder cell and then you could go into which is used for the monthly alerts as well as the paperwork reminder. So then you can go into the scheduled tasks. One of the ways you can do this then is just to test just hit scheduled immediate run, boom, l cue it up and it should run within the next few minutes. Same thing for the monthly paid works reminder. And I think that's basically it. You should have access to this. Let me know if you need a different email address to log into. But I think that should give you what you need.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai