Matthias Miller  00:29
Hello this is Mark

Unknown Speaker  00:30
Mark Smith nice

Speaker 1  00:34
Hey first of all apologies for not sending my notes on time to visit Audrey Audrey

Unknown Speaker  00:42
yeah

Speaker 1  00:45
I had to leave unexpectedly right at noon but I told her I would try and have those meeting notes or agenda to her evening at least yeah the evening before a scheduled meeting so a good excuse is better than none but that's my plan for not having that sound

Unknown Speaker  01:19
understanding we'll get we'll get in the rhythm yeah what was that

Unknown Speaker  01:26
say? We'll find this rhythm yet. No worries

Unknown Speaker  01:36
right

Matthias Miller  01:40
I had one question I got an email that appears to have been intended for sets do you want me to forward that everything

Speaker 1  01:53
Oh, I sent you say I sent something to you that was intended for says on payroll questions

Unknown Speaker  01:58
Yes. Yeah

Speaker 1  02:04
was it the one that I just made notes on Okay, we will test this and advice and what we should try Yep

Unknown Speaker  02:20
I'll send that over to him

Unknown Speaker  02:28
we

Unknown Speaker  02:32
have an agenda

Unknown Speaker  02:38
okay so.

Matthias Miller  03:00
So Josh updated the test system. And I'm trying to get access to

Matthias Miller  03:15
see if this is still failing is trying to get access to the old test systems so that we can run some new or so we can copy that data across

Unknown Speaker  03:37
when When did he update it?

Matthias Miller  03:39
Over the weekend. So we've we've got new data from the live system but he hasn't be ready to pull it back into the old testis system to grab the to grab the old test data out of there. So okay,

Unknown Speaker  03:58
I thought he was going to wait until seven or eight when I have it set up automatically. But where are you would do it but

Matthias Miller  04:17
I think he was working on completely automating it. And so that part is appears to be done. So yeah, I'm not sure but it's possibly Mr. Nelson test. The other option we could do if you'd rather is typing, obviously, but other than this restore from a backup and go back to the old version, that'd be better.

Speaker 1  04:44
I don't know that I have. So you say he he wrote an or he he copied an update from the live system into the test system. Over the weekend, by Saturday or so. Yeah. So trying to think what data would we have lost? I know there was a bunch of payroll information being entered Friday, like timecard information that I know it was that and also drew tested. tested during actual cause. Now, I'm not too concerned about as the drew rain, because I don't think that by the time the payroll

Matthias Miller  05:38
more so. But what

Unknown Speaker  05:46
What's your suggestion? If we want to save or save the payroll timecard details

Matthias Miller  06:03
I can grab the compensation and yeah, I'll grab a backup and it's just gonna be terrible. You can skip over

Unknown Speaker  06:13
it. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:20
I think that means.

Unknown Speaker  06:29
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:30
I think I think part of the further reason for for doing that is whether to bring drew on for this actual cost three standard costs.

Unknown Speaker  06:48
Oh, and if if the test system is? Yes, you're saying currently you're unable to get into the test system?

Matthias Miller  07:01
Well, again, but we don't have any of the mean, we're missing some data. I guess maybe I guess that's just for payroll. Well, now we're missing some data. So we may not be all that productive to

Unknown Speaker  07:17
pull that up.

Matthias Miller  07:23
But the basic question was, we might still be able to

Matthias Miller  07:32
what was your question was freezing and standard costs?

Speaker 1  07:39
Are you asking me about that? Yeah. Well, so Drew was saying that he entered the actual cause. And for raw materials and production overhead, everything went as expected that there was no free that standard was there, but for production labor. He had to he had to manually subtract the amount of the free standard cost, and then enter 20 that amount to produce the correct results

Speaker 1  08:20
then if something to look into, we will need a way to get a total of the stents savings, saving that standard costs attract that out of the actual cost that we want to enter. So I mean, I think if

Unknown Speaker  08:35
wrong

Speaker 1  08:38
without bringing back the test data. We could also just the Enter actual cause and happens I just wanted I thought it might be helpful to do to be honest, and show you what he how he did. Did that and maybe you're gonna maybe you'll say well, Oh you missed a step here. This is what you need to do to make that work correctly or maybe it is a system if it needs to be made.

Unknown Speaker  09:20
Functional last.

Matthias Miller  09:28
Values. I mean, bottom line is am I thinking right that we were recalculating the, the standard cost or the actual cost even if it was market standard cost?

Speaker 1  09:52
Well, we were okay. So what we were doing is, we said if we bring He's as standard. But yet we're recalculating all the standard cause unless it says, unless it's Mark free standard cost as actual. Which is for those situations where we said, well, we're going to pay this builder, this builder, subcontractor 15%. For this building, there's no standards or approximates on that that is exactly what we're going to pay him. So day one, the day he builds it, we already know our actual cause. Let me

Matthias Miller  10:55
let's see what the problem is. So that when you when you apply the back and then the question is what happens when you actually apply it?

Speaker 1  11:10
Yeah, that'd be interesting to see, because he had to do the math on what to make the actual cause. But I'm curious.

Matthias Miller  11:17
It's probably by the correct, look. I think if we if we if we update that those calculations, we should be

Matthias Miller  11:38
the Apply changes should then reflect what's in that report, unless there's something else that we ran into where it changes wasn't doing what he was expecting it to do.

Matthias Miller  11:58
Or low quantity to

Unknown Speaker  12:04
make that adjustments.

Unknown Speaker  12:13
Guy, were you talking to me that that was? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:15
I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah, so. So is the Apply Changes was? Do you know what those those issues? Were? Was it the same thing with not calculating the closing costs? Or there was something else that was going on with that?

Speaker 1  12:37
No, he just said, there's a button to apply changes, like, click on anything new. Yeah. Does that mean? So when you apply changes? Does that like Freeze, freeze the numbers or allocates that actually allocates the numbers. On building Rikers, then. Okay. And then calculating the accounting impact? What needs to be done in order to calculate the accounting impact? Am I correct? That was a report that you and Nick were going to work on. When Catholics should be right,

Matthias Miller  13:18
for, I mean, that should already be working, it's just a matter of configuring it correctly. Once you apply those changes.

Speaker 1  13:30
Okay. And you probably have to assign GL accounts like source and destination GL accounts where that needs to go.

Speaker 1  13:42
Okay, well, then I think that it might be helpful just schedule a meeting for Wednesday, some time to walk through those exactly how we do those and maybe that maybe you don't even need to be on that. Maybe that's something that makes bend through. I guess that's

Matthias Miller  14:04
just what your thoughts are, then how comfortable How familiar are you with how those get configured the financial obligations?

Speaker 2  14:15
Not Not a ton, but I could take some time to look into them a little bit more between now and Wednesday and get a little more comfortable with. Yeah, the last weekend had been a little bit of an inevitable whirlwind that it's gonna take me a little bit to feel fully back into it. But yeah, I can I can take a look at that stuff and then go from there. See how comfortable I am doing little compartments for that kind of thing. Okay, well, let's

Matthias Miller  14:56
let's do this. Let's do a segment an invite I'll plan to be on it so if it turns out I don't need to I'm happy to deck out I've got other payroll stuff I'm trying to push through so

Unknown Speaker  15:11
yeah

Speaker 1  15:30
okay and to recap on the on point one actual cost differently Are you seeing that a new update or revision you need to make to assist right out basically subtract out the the freezes standard costs first and then okay okay

Matthias Miller  15:59
What was that Yeah

Speaker 1  16:07
Is that something that you're expecting will will be done by Wednesday for Drew could test it again

Matthias Miller  16:16
depends how soon we get done with this call. I put a block my calendar worked on it so this fall

Unknown Speaker  16:27
but if

Speaker 1  16:28
you just notice I've drew an eye on your one that

Speaker 1  16:41
I don't know maybe it's on my site can can you hear me okay. I'm having trouble hearing

Matthias Miller  16:47
you clearly he's got a good bit of background noise so that might be part of the issue here.

Unknown Speaker  16:55
Let me let

Matthias Miller  16:59
me see if there's give me give me about two minutes let me try something Okay.

Matthias Miller  18:50
Right Is this any better mark?

Unknown Speaker  18:54
It is yeah.

Matthias Miller  18:58
All right. So, jumping in then on development status cash flow statements and asset management are waiting on Joel I believe he was prioritizing cash flow statements and know that he's been traveling as well. Did you want me to check in on any of any of that?

Speaker 1  19:23
No, I just in the next next week or so, or by Wednesday, I just like to kind of know where it's going before our next development priorities meeting

Matthias Miller  19:40
I mean, I'm pretty sure Asset Management we're not gonna get to in that time, but let me see where cash flow statements are at.

Unknown Speaker  19:47
Sure. I'm just yeah trying to make sure that we stay on target for accounting into place a by end of year. We can start while we have it fully tested and ready to roll with it

Speaker 1  20:09
yes, the good thing is we're asking these questions six months out instead of six days.

Matthias Miller  20:16
That's the good news, but we're gonna have to stay on top of it

Matthias Miller  20:27
okay, flat immigration claims court, General Ledger button and exact amounts search feature, then I'm gonna send you an email with these as reminders if you can just get an update on these

Speaker 1  20:51
new updates, this is more free curiosity than anything but the general ledger, the button and the exact amount search feature? Are both of those things that are done in by the team in Bangladesh. Yes. So is basically anything on the core accounting module is done overseas.

Matthias Miller  21:17
Okay, now that's that's basically where the line is drawn. That's where the line

Speaker 1  21:26
three is a chart of accounts, the payroll module that I know we talked about it, and I mean, that could have kind of, I'm just asking for an update, same as on to. I know you'd say. Obviously, not by the third. But it what we had.

Unknown Speaker  21:47
Well, here's the thing.

Matthias Miller  21:52
I am about to, I'm going to duck out for a week or two of paternity leave some time here in the beginning, the middle of August. Sorry, July. So, Seth and I have time scheduled on the calendar for Wednesday to work on this. So so far, it looks like we'll be able to get that in. But we'll see. If not, then. Yeah. Well, that's it is what it is. So,

Unknown Speaker  22:27
so well. Congratulations. Is this so are you are you expecting Valerie adopting or the process of adopting?

Matthias Miller  22:45
works? We're expecting one? Yep. Okay. Is this your first biological? Yeah. It's it is gratulations. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks. Yeah, like first time all over again.

Speaker 1  23:02
Yeah, so you have how many? How many adopted children do you have?

Unknown Speaker  23:07
Five. Okay.

Speaker 1  23:12
You don't you don't go home in the evening and necessarily kick back then.

Matthias Miller  23:20
best, the best advice I ever got is like, just treat it like the second shift on a second job like. Yeah. Don't bend and going. Oh.

Unknown Speaker  23:37
Good. That's see. Yeah, that'll be exciting.

Matthias Miller  23:40
Yeah. Yeah. We're quite excited.

Speaker 1  23:48
Okay, so you've got that scheduled for this Wednesday. And all goes well.

Matthias Miller  23:56
Well, yeah. Just

Speaker 1  23:59
updated but. Good. That's a pretty straightforward. I mean, you have everything you need from us, right?

Matthias Miller  24:08
That is correct. We have everything. Yeah, we got the design design together. And I I really think I don't really think it's that much time. If Seth and I get on a call and just knock it out. But there's always surprises and I tend to be a little optimistic but still still does not seem to me just wildly so you've

Speaker 1  24:30
got the design for it. Where will we see that? Like, where will we see the GL accounts and how its led per person? Because I'm thinking right now we're while it's on the verification process. We're using our new GL accounts and that's it's been a learning curve but it's it's working relatively well. And the closer we could model it to something like that the better be a lay like. Let me try to condense my question. My question is, Where will the the designated builder

Matthias Miller  25:23
the how the

Speaker 1  25:27
payroll is going to what GL account? Will they see that on payroll verification report?

Speaker 1  25:39
mean, let me ask you this question, what if, what if, and I know we specked out a number of different ports, a number of different verification reports from payroll module now that we've seen the different reports. I don't know what the original intent was when, like, started this design, but I'm sure they all had and ways there were. But I feel like I could take reports we're getting and go through and mark up what the parts that are really critical to see in the parts cross out parts that are not so important. And come up with a design on here's, here's really the here's the information we need to see. And here's

Speaker 1  26:43
here's what would be ideal on how that report would look so that the person could get it and it would work and feel almost like the payroll Accounts Payable verification report.

Matthias Miller  26:58
So think?

Matthias Miller  27:11
Yeah, I think that would be good. Basically, when we we reached some level of fatigue with the payroll module. And so we basically said, Just go put something together, and we'll fix it later. And so I think he's going through there and adding things like GL accounts, or you know, whatever it is, or adding or removing whatever you want or don't want. I think that sounds great. We'll just,

Speaker 1  27:35
yeah. Well, and then take a look there, then don't, yeah, don't be afraid to push back and say, Wow, this has, you know, we need this because of that, whatever. Another question on hero module that, that we've talked about the concept of, like, freezing the numbers. At some point, like Dwayne was just we were talking with him Friday on schedule, like like, by this time, you have to have builders will have to have timecard saying and by this time, Dwayne's office will enter the timecard since then not the rare occasion reports but once the builder looks at it and says yep, all of this is good.

Unknown Speaker  28:21
I approve this to move forward what does that look like we're on are the agent is in Dwayne's offices? They have aware of a process for freezing those numbers so that oh things like

Speaker 1  28:43
work order weeks later our buildings moving around or whatever so that that zero that payroll numbers stay frozen

Matthias Miller  28:58
Stephen I have it on our list to talk about on Wednesday okay

Matthias Miller  29:12
yes good.

Unknown Speaker  29:29
Morning or updating test system. We'll teach you how to do this. Are we at the point where we will teach you how to do this or what

Matthias Miller  29:42
I guess I guess here's my proposal. My proposal is that we need to talk on our end as far as do we want? Do we want to

Matthias Miller  29:58
Okay, first of all, Ben Hey, Ben and Seth are coordinating to make sure that Ben has all the knowledge he needs on how to do this and then the plan is for Ben to be the subject matter expert and then and then let drew note or give through whatever materials or resources he needs or training him or whatever, whatever whatever he needs Ben is does that reflect your understanding

Unknown Speaker  30:26
all right, yeah, that's what I understood as well.

Matthias Miller  30:33
So so then the main question is do we give drew the literal text message access to be able to do these or because there's other users in the system doing this haven't reached out to Ben whenever he's ready to take the take the system and cross i I mean, because we do testing on our end within the system it seems like either having somebody scheduled it or having we're just reaching out to Ben to kick it off seems I don't know

Speaker 1  31:17
yeah, that's my opinion might be the best Yeah, just let's just I don't think we're going to do it that often anyway and I would be more comfortable just

Unknown Speaker  31:26
having someone on your end do it so we should just reach out to Ben when we want to do that update the test system

Matthias Miller  31:49
thanks think what we should do and is what the ideal that is I don't know I don't know that we need to schedule it. Do we need to schedule it off hours? I guess Ben if we need to just holler and let's put together whatever's necessary to Well, nevermind it's not gonna be that hard to do that.

Unknown Speaker  33:31
Okay

Unknown Speaker  34:01
just a few weeks

Matthias Miller  34:54
Oh Ben

Matthias Miller  35:12
Okay, then. So I created a scheduled task and sent you the link that lets you do these ad hoc as set it up to do this for test assist. So if you need to do it after hours, you should be able to do that very easily.

Unknown Speaker  35:27
Okay, sounds good.

Matthias Miller  35:31
So marketing, okay, we're

Speaker 1  35:35
right, or we're not at the point yet where we can do we can update the test system, or can we

Matthias Miller  35:48
we can either just straight up update it. So we've got four options. One, we can update it, update it, but not copied over from the live during business hours. Number two, we can schedule that same thing after hours. Number three is we can create a copy of the test copy of the live system automatically during business hours or for we can schedule that to have an after hours.

Speaker 1  36:18
Okay, and the import, export import data out of the test system that we want to save that's also on so we could make we can go any of those four routes as of today, if we wanted to

Matthias Miller  36:36
assess that he's making just a few fixes, but Yes, almost. Okay. Well, I

Speaker 1  36:42
don't know that I have a preference one way or another. So if we just reach out to Ben, when we want to have an update made then. And it should be easy said.

Matthias Miller  36:56
Ben's got that info. Good.

Speaker 1  37:05
Good. So five and six. I don't know maybe those are the same GL account list. In our last meeting, you'd send two lists of GL accounts to this because we never to get these as the list and then GL Account mapping yes to add this to discuss in the future. Now. I don't know that we need to spend any time calling this to date other than I think I know what Well, are you are you talking about?

Matthias Miller  37:40
Well, let me

Speaker 1  37:44
what was it on yours? Well, let me let me bring you up to speed on what we did in RSA it was so we were at a bit of a miscommunication or whatever going on on adding new GL accounts. So what was happening we had

Matthias Miller  38:11
created our

Speaker 1  38:14
master list. And then as things came up that someone I want to add this or I want to add that Anna Jones in Dwayne's office was going in and adding those typing them in and then we were getting some one or two characters different than what our masterlist had been. So Friday we dealt with doing about it and said okay, we'll just put all of will put every GL account on the skew data is a source of truth, you know, until it's moved over into the accounting system and are running export and push that into assists into the IMS system. Only do an overload import into that. And then we we told in in that there's like 16 or so that she had that did not match inactivate those and from now on just always use what was listed on our master list trying to clean that up. So now we should only have the only people that are adding GL accounts are making changes GL accounts would be doing it on the data sheet here and for the time being until that moves to until that moves to decode the module lives there. I don't know that does that have any bearing on At least you accent and the mapping you want

Matthias Miller  40:06
well it might affect the list and it definitely makes it easier to keep it clean we we still ultimately end up needing some kind of mapping figure out how we want to how exactly we want to do that

Matthias Miller  40:33
one option

Speaker 1  40:44
Well, let me I mean, is this something that needs to that we need to figure out today or if not okay, then should we just wait till next meeting?

Matthias Miller  40:56
Yeah, it's gonna be a little bit of a lengthy could be a lengthy discussion.

Speaker 1  41:03
Seven was Accounts Payable integration, the accounting module, so that's Oh, good. I did send an email to Larry asking about that timing thing that we ran into on invoice date or product received date I have not heard back from him yet. So I hope to have something by Wednesday but that's that's where I think that's what we were waiting on and then aid was something that Dwayne is something that we need to think about but not at this point so that's all I have I say it in

Matthias Miller  41:48
we're gonna do order your checks for where you were What's your binder

Speaker 1  42:00
I think Jake told me checks for l.com checks.com Check checks for less.com I believe

Matthias Miller  42:23
this will be a major voucher with one per cage

Matthias Miller  42:40
standard 24 pounds okay

Unknown Speaker  42:57
well we got here

Matthias Miller  43:15
might need to do this any kind of

Speaker 1  43:56
Nachi I'm looking trying to find a paper that she's been fitted she'd actually said she buys them from another vendor she just went online thanks for laughs that calm so sorry to get get killed

Matthias Miller  44:18
that's that's fine. I'm gonna assume that it's basically I mean, if it's the same item number and assume it's the same layout and format

Matthias Miller  44:36
to me

Matthias Miller  44:58
there any other items In understanding that we should be paying attention to

Unknown Speaker  45:12
what was

Matthias Miller  45:19
said, so, AP stuff is waiting on feedback from Larry, work on Wednesday. And then number eight, this is just Dwayne. I mean, I think bottom line best I know, is I mean, if it's mistaken, we moved to AR then corrected, it should just self correct. But

Matthias Miller  45:46
I don't foresee it being an issue, but we can wait until all explanation of what he's thinking.

Unknown Speaker  45:55
I'll leave it on the list.

Speaker 1  46:02
I think it had to do with mistakes we ran into just recently on where they should have, or buildings were. delivery date was not updated. And then two months later, we said, oh, this should have been should have had a delivery date, you know, months ago already. And we were showing it on how's that it? Delivery Date is what moves it from off the face of inventory and onto accounts receivable. So for two months, we were showing financials with finished goods inventory too high and our accounts receivable too low? Because the buildings were it was that type of. So breaking that would change it in, in the new accounting system would change it. If we go ahead and correct it today, that would correct it for today. But it wouldn't? Well, it would also correct it historically, like if we would if we would correct it today and then go back two months, back two months, and new balance sheet and income statement. Those would show different numbers, different values than what they had a month ago, because they weren't very great two months ago, right?

Matthias Miller  47:39
Well, it would, it would be accounting information, but two months ago wouldn't change. You just have incorrect accounting data for two months. You don't want to go back in and update the historical numbers because it's going to throw your historical reports off.

Speaker 1  47:58
Here are you envisioning some type of method to freeze after you close a month, some some method to float numbers.

Matthias Miller  48:11
What I was planning to do is just update the accounting system based on the latest information we have. So if you go and back data delivery, we don't backdate the the transaction date we applied the transaction date as of today, because today is when we found out that it changed.

Speaker 1  48:27
Oh, okay. But if there's something, there's something substantial and we wanted to change it, you're seeing a correction like that the transaction date will default to today. But we have the option to override it. No, this was actually a substantial change. We want to change it, you know, as a second. What will we have that ability or? Or not? Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  48:59
believe the details are a bit in my mind, but in one in some form or fashion? The answer is yes, you will. I don't remember exactly how. Okay. But it's possible for sure.

Speaker 1  49:19
Very similar to how you're applying the variances. You do a cost allocation on finished goods inventory. The falling to line the variance today, but you could also or maybe it's defaulting to the last day if

Unknown Speaker  49:37
it's defaulting to the last day of that period that we're allocating. But you could you could opt to apply it earlier. Correct.

Speaker 1  49:48
I think that's what Yeah, well then that's, that's basically all all that we hit there. So I'm going to consider eight. Good done and we'll

Matthias Miller  50:00
Good. So

Speaker 1  50:03
from me, I'm going to what you need from me is a payroll module zero verification report marked up with relevant data with what, what we believe now, two, three years later, is the ideal send it to you even says, for Wednesday, and then not going to spend a lot of time on it. But back if there's things that are missing or beer

Matthias Miller  50:41
but actually, I've got a call scheduled

Speaker 1  50:43
with Seth for 330. This afternoon, I think he had some questions. We were going back and forth on owner pay. And I guess it was to figure out how

Speaker 1  51:03
to remember very well, some of those details anymore. And I think we'd be helped talk about that. So if I have something by then on that,

Unknown Speaker  51:13
or might have if I just go through that with him as well, kind of what I'm thinking or?

Unknown Speaker  51:24
I would,

Matthias Miller  51:27
if it were me, I would give well, how much of this is absolutely must have to go live?

Unknown Speaker  51:40
You mean, on the report?

Matthias Miller  51:41
What What?

Speaker 1  51:42
What fields are must have for us to go live? And actually start using it?

Matthias Miller  51:48
Yeah, and let me let me explain the why behind my question. I'm a bit concerned that we don't overload, I think we really, really well, we really need to prioritize the things that are must haves, and we cannot do without. And we need to get those things done first. And not even if it means having if we if we can make do with less than optimal reports, let's wait to push those changes through until the development is done on. On the moustache side of things, what I want to avoid is I get the impression, Seth is already a bit overwhelmed with all the stuff being thrown at him. And so I would prefer to limit it to things that need to be done. And then once we get through the development on that we start taking a look at the the nice to haves. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  52:49
So what are must haves on that? I mean, the

Speaker 1  52:58
while there are some some obvious ones, like the pool total, and, and no. So what I should do is should I go through and just mark what what fields are at or what fields are must have? Well, I guess if they're if they're on the report. Okay, off top of my head, I think the reports we have now if we added

Unknown Speaker  53:25
if we added Yeah, like tones that would be all we would need. Okay. And you may we could also that wouldn't necessarily keep us from going live the GL accounts, but assuming adding that to the report is pretty basic.

Matthias Miller  53:54
Yeah. Could you send a copy of the report with where you want to include that?

Speaker 1  54:01
Yeah, yeah, I can do that. Does that so how does that sound as far as overload or overwhelming?

Matthias Miller  54:14
Yeah, I think that's I think that's I think that's reasonable. Okay

Unknown Speaker  54:28
got it.

Speaker 1  54:28
I yeah, I will do that. And since I sent it to you and said, just send it to you.

Matthias Miller  54:35
You can send it to both of us. I would also make the argument that payroll module accounting impact while it needs to be done is of lesser priority, then.

Matthias Miller  54:56
Things like freezing payroll costs

Speaker 1  55:04
And when you say accounting impact, are you talking about the GL accounts or about? Yes. Are we okay?

Speaker 1  55:20
No, I would agree. I mean, stay with what For now we can just stay with what we have where Whitney is by always gets plugged in here and this play gets gets put here, there's to get two categories production and non production. Really not helpful when you go to look at. Financials aren't really that helpful that way. But all I'm saying is been like that for a long time already. And there's no reason why we can continue doing that.

Unknown Speaker  55:55
Right now. So

Speaker 1  56:02
good, we should be able to the GL accounts for right now and focus on like, feeding numbers and other parts of it

Matthias Miller  56:20
Well, I'm happy to see what we can get to on on Wednesday, but I think establishing that was increasing numbers and getting the numbers right, is priority number one. The GL accounts is priority number two, is I think that's ultimately what needs to happen.

Speaker 1  56:45
I would agree I can well, I'll still mark up reports we're like to have the GL accounts you know, but then if we don't get to it then it's no big deal. And the only reason and I think it's a very valid reason but the only reason we're pushing payroll module as much as we are is Brian get that done. While Seth is available for going on as far as operationally it's it's data we'll have we should be putting a lot of energy into that right now just because we have

Matthias Miller  57:28
there's areas

Speaker 1  57:32
it's not one of the most urgent areas to be working on but for that reason we're

Unknown Speaker  57:46
when when when does says go back to college?

Matthias Miller  57:50
I think he's got another month and a half maybe

Unknown Speaker  57:57
so

Speaker 1  57:59
just to make sure I understand what what you're saying is on payroll module need to prioritize first you're going to focus on things like freezing the numbers and then you'll work on like colons and other nice to have Is that correct or is there or not?

Unknown Speaker  58:29
Yeah

Speaker 1  58:36
I was trying to think like so so should we if there's what should we do with our list of knives to have just pile them in? Send them to you and just tell you this is something that'd be nice to have if we want to get time but let's do this. Orange things first.

Matthias Miller  59:02
I think just being careful to maintain a stack rank list of things that are what are what should we do in what order and not and having a specific time point earlier rather than later when we try to go live with this so that we can fix any any outstanding issues? Well, I don't like

Speaker 1  59:27
as far as go live. I feel I mean we're the look looking at doing the 17 I'd say that's a stretch, but that's a give it a 50% chance we will be ready by the 17th. The only I think the biggest outlier is is that owner pay. Were we that's an hour talking about later today. That I feel like the development is probably pretty much Aaron in place, we just need to that we understand how to use it what information needs to be fed into the system in order to make that work correctly, that and salaried employees are probably the two I mean other other than that rounding things and minor details it's like it's, we've we've entered a week's worth pillars that we'll be using it and feel like we've got the system and process in place or we know what we want starting the tent to do a test run so I feel I feel pretty good about that

Speaker 1  1:00:56
now, is there is there other stuff that outside of payroll that if we table some of our nice to have that that would be working on that are competing for Sif attention like parts of accounting module? Because if If so, then I would rather started with the bare bones minimum of payroll module focus on accounting module

Matthias Miller  1:01:32
instead or

Matthias Miller  1:01:40
Yeah, I mean, I know that the import export for the test system has been a bit more work or has definitely taken taking a bit of time

Matthias Miller  1:01:58
I'm not aware of much else but we could I mean, that's, that's on his list right now. And it's competing but there's clearly some accounting stuff that might end up competing for his for his time Well,

Speaker 1  1:02:18
from what works best for you, like from your perspective on payroll module should we be oneness us to prioritize but try and get all of those including the nice to have knocked out this summer? Or focus on that specifically or you want us to focus on the bare basics of payroll and then so that we're not tying Seth up as much

Matthias Miller  1:02:53
is that I think the question is if you what are you what are you content with if it means you can get more accounting stuff in sooner rather than later? What are you content making do with for another year? And or, I mean, I think I mean it still comes down to prioritization and are just waiting for either Josh or my availability to make additional changes to the payroll module and within the next year

Unknown Speaker  1:03:25
probably mean

Speaker 1  1:03:31
I mean, choosing between those two I can be content with our I think probably basic on payroll module then

Matthias Miller  1:03:46
I'm going to push pretty hard pretty hard we've already had I mean, it's pretty important to get it implemented and getting get using it I feel pretty strongly about that. But as you know, if you guys can make do for the next year, then I don't see any reason to push additional enhancements through and then we can keep pushing ahead on on accounting related stuff

Speaker 1  1:04:24
Yeah, I mean, when I when I think enhancements and nice to have, it's just, you know, adding this column here changing up this report making it so that we can put everything on one report instead of two reports, but not necessarily. And, yeah, we can make do with the basics of that. Time and then some time for accounting. So yeah, I think that's, that's good to know. And I would I'll try and try and approach it like that

Speaker 1  1:05:11
do you feel like like 17? There the hope was 17 If we go live with it then do you feel like that's like we should be pushing to go live?

Matthias Miller  1:05:26
No, I don't really I'm not. I think that's good. I think it still gives us enough time to make adjustments we need

Speaker 1  1:05:37
I think the determining factor is going to be we're going to do a test run the 10s. Well, we already did I mean, we we entered a week's worth of information. holiday week did not. Yes, we can try to because and then just like, follow the process of how we would how we process will find the use once we implement and then if that all works, well, then we'll no reason not to rely with the 17. And if there's a bunch of hiccups, then I go therns then we

Speaker 2  1:06:25
Yep. Sounds good here.

Matthias Miller  1:06:30
Good. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:06:36
Sounds good. I'll mark up that report with where GL accounts. Be ideally and then we'd said that that should Well, yeah, we'd said do that and if you get to Wednesday, good. If not, that's

Unknown Speaker  1:07:01
okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:03
That sounds good.

Matthias Miller  1:07:08
Yep, thanks for that. You bet.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai