Unknown Speaker  00:32
Howdy, sir. Hey good time to do anything fun

Matthias Miller  00:42
went to Kansas and Kansas

Unknown Speaker  00:46
fresher tires. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  00:49
we should have been paying closer attention to the weather Wednesday afternoon. We got four o'clock. We said we're gonna do our family Christmas that evening we said, Nope, we're gonna finish backing up and we're gonna hit the road. beat beat Sir Elliot. So the last two hours were super sketchy, but we made it there. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  01:13
Ish. Yeah,

Speaker 1  01:16
well, I don't have a whole lot. So what I'm thinking is, we can knock, you can knock these few little things out and you can go and do something else or we can set whichever you want. Okay.

Matthias Miller  01:32
Your goods and hauler portal, we are doing a little bit of a change that with this based on demo, I think with BirdEye to give people an off ramp to reach out directly to the salesperson, which means that we need a unique URL

Unknown Speaker  01:46
for for the

Matthias Miller  01:51
QR code. So I sent I bought two point feedback.com. So we can have a fixed URL and have control to redirect it somewhere else, it'll redirect to a whiskey page that says leave a review on this Google URL. Or if you have a problem, click this link. And then they'll have an option to text call or email this salesperson,

Unknown Speaker  02:08
Wow, you are going a different direction. All right.

Matthias Miller  02:11
Which means that I will then need to coordinate with Josh to put the QR code on there. But I think it's still the right thing to do.

Speaker 1  02:17
So this is this is a methodology whereby to minimize the amount of negative review possible reviews on Yeah, makes sense.

Matthias Miller  02:25
without getting in trouble with Google. All

Speaker 1  02:27
right. Did you put Oh, you probably didn't drop any of that in the incident did you?

Matthias Miller  02:35
Not your incident incident on my end

Speaker 1  02:39
if it's a simple copy and paste just copy your any information that's a value from over in mind just so I can keep track of it. Somebody asked me about this

Speaker 2  02:52
GCH Google review reviews and called it reviews in the holler portal.

Unknown Speaker  03:06
Is it on? Is it on your incidents?

Unknown Speaker  03:09
Yeah, it's assigned to me. Perfect. Okay, done. Perfect.

Speaker 1  03:31
All right. So give me give me some speed through of what what do I need to do to get? I had Addison redo sales territories with a secondary overflow mapping. And I want to go start implementing this. So tell me what I need to know.

Matthias Miller  03:55
I mean, it's literally you want to know how simple this is? For sure. A my work isn't done. Mike said this other stuff is more important. So I've been waiting on that. So you're

Speaker 2  04:05
saying that's not done? New not yet. Wait, I thought you said that was all coded. Next

Matthias Miller  04:14
part was but now the actual Round Robin is encoded though.

Speaker 1  04:18
So the overflow thing is not like it. So that whole the whole logic hasn't been coded yet.

Matthias Miller  04:23
Correct. The feeling is there for it. So

Speaker 1  04:26
I can go ahead and upload zip codes and primaries and secondaries.

Matthias Miller  04:30
You need primary and overflowing zip codes and run the important it should step it all in here. Okay, and for now, it'll ignore the overflow dealer. It'll go straight to I guess, is that what we want? Or do we want it to go straight to the overflow until we implement the we probably wanted to go straight to the overflow if we have an overflow, right?

Speaker 1  04:56
Well, okay, wouldn't When did if you haven't coded the logic it would only do the primaries, right?

Matthias Miller  05:02
Yeah. Which means that Chatham the dealers would start getting multiple leads per day within their extended radius.

Speaker 1  05:12
Not if they're not if they're Wait a minute. Oh, so then I should hold off on coding. I mean, I should hold off on importing.

Matthias Miller  05:23
I think so. That's fine.

Speaker 1  05:25
I've got the I've got the spreadsheet ready to go. It's all ready to go. I just want I just I guess I'll just wait for you to say ready to go. Can you show me go to a sales rep? Details screen? pic? Sure. Okay, what is scroll down? Where's your settings for this enable round robin? What is the clocked in?

Unknown Speaker  05:52
What is that going to do?

Matthias Miller  05:56
If there's anybody clocked in to round robin goes to anybody who's clocked in otherwise it goes through everybody on the team and for the for the primary if there's an overflow dealer then you have to be clocked in to get a lead.

Speaker 1  06:08
So is is is your little clock in clock out thing good. check and uncheck that. Yes. So should should my should my brick and mortar dealers just always be clocked in

Matthias Miller  06:24
no okay. Because we said we only want them to get leads when they're in the office and they can call me back so then

Speaker 1  06:31
we need to add some sort of clocking in clocking out methodology might need your help with that. I don't know I don't know what whatever you did for however you made that. If you just show me Is it a is it a it's just two buttons right for clocking in clock out

Matthias Miller  06:48
Yeah, but I need to change the mechanism but yes, that's what it is. Okay, so

Speaker 1  06:52
it if you're going to does that need to be updated and changed Yes Before I add those buttons to mine

Unknown Speaker  07:03
yeah I don't even know where that I don't even know where and there it is. So

Matthias Miller  07:25
anyway, I could probably almost change it but I don't know that I want to get into it now.

Speaker 1  07:29
That's fine. I'm gonna just I'm gonna leave it alone. I'll just leave that alone until you tell me go fix me. Okay, now um last thing on my list if you will pull up my if you will go to the brick and mortars user folder

Speaker 1  07:57
brick and mortar teams, contact top report. I want to go add, go to the subset the sorting subset I want to add essentially, I want the contacts that are right now it's sorting by contact name and that's not correct. I want the contacts based on the newest I wanted to sort so my newest contacts coming in are always at the top of the list

Matthias Miller  08:24
the date or based on latest communication

Speaker 1  08:29
based on opportunity I think because

Matthias Miller  08:33
by opportunity or by opportunity follow up day

Unknown Speaker  08:47
so they're the to do list

Speaker 1  08:50
their to do list is separate from this I kind of think it's just by the like the newest, the latest opportunity on that content like your newest opportunities put everything to the top so if you oh if you create a new opportunity for our customer they're going to they're going to go back up to the top but all essentially what I want new stuff coming in to be at the top. Does that makes sense?

Unknown Speaker  09:13
Yeah. Don't you like contact me? No. Stop something like that.

Speaker 1  09:50
Okay, so go and go. Go go. Put in Ginger's name for The for the sales rep so just okay Angel Yeah, that's right. Christmas Why is nothing What is this Jessie What is this such as this one she put in

Unknown Speaker  10:24
Round Robin it's when they get assigned to her why is there no opportunity

Speaker 1  10:37
Why is the opportunity not showing up? Oh, nevermind, because that reports Nevermind, nevermind, I read that reports looking for a salesperson over there. So it would have it would show up correctly. Nevermind my fault. I was sending on a goose chase.

Unknown Speaker  10:50
Perfect

Speaker 1  10:57
that's all I had on my list. I don't I feel a little bit dazed, coming back from being this many days off. And I feel a little bit of a leap of what I had going on. Understood, never feel that way. Never, never, never. anything I should know

Matthias Miller  11:19
that I'm trying to think. No, no, not beside what is it? I mean, most of my life is I'm going to try to knock out you know, copy for January promotion this week and get most of the Google review stuff wrapped up this week. So

Speaker 2  11:35
yeah, I don't know that there's much else on that.

Matthias Miller  11:45
Do you have any more on that Co Op stuff?

Unknown Speaker  11:48
Come up stuff. The homeschool?

Speaker 1  11:52
Oh, yeah, I talked to Liana about it last night. And as as nonprofit organizations do, they have people who like to make executive decisions without consulting the rest of the board. So whoever's the chairman of the what the direct board director decided, Oh, we know this guy, we're gonna, you know, go off and start doing it with him. Leon's like Walker, what she asked couple of questions didn't get very good answer. So I'm a little bit scared. It's one of these deals where the guy offered to do it for free, or something like that. Which means like, who knows what, what janky nation is going to be coming out of this. Some people just have to learn the hard way. Man, I'm telling you like, there are people that just have to learn this stuff the hard way.

Matthias Miller  12:40
You know, the crack the the crack cocaine of nonprofits is the word free. Yeah. So I have a friend of mine who very unexpectedly landed a gig with a nonprofit who's paying him 50% More than its previous hourly rate, doing software development for them. And, you know, I think I think the big difference, the only nonprofits you should you should ever work with are people who actually think of themselves as a business with a alternate tax status.

Speaker 1  13:09
Yeah. Well, guess what? There are precious few nonprofits who function that way?

Matthias Miller  13:14
There are. Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  13:17
Well, and this leads me to a very keen observation that I thought was fascinating in that is that if you run a nonprofit organization, the people who are actually involved in the nonprofit organization are not compensated for their time and efforts, they tend to have an emotional emotional investment and feel like they own something, when really honestly they don't. And so therefore, they feel like they can go off and make decisions about things that because well, they're investing all the time and effort in making this thing operate and work. And so it and her observation was, why don't we just pay people so that they actually work for us? And then it's like, men, you know, we don't have to deal with this. I agree.

Matthias Miller  14:01
You and I and, and she could have fun, some time reinventing the world of nonprofit and how we run things. But that's only done by starting organizations that do things better than what everybody else is doing right now. And you can't becoming increasingly convinced that there's certain organizations that fixing an organization is inordinately difficult. What's much easier is to do a startup that replaces the parent organization, which will you go down long rabbit drills of everywhere we see that playing out but

Unknown Speaker  14:38
yeah, well

Speaker 1  14:41
it's a non not for profit organization. That does not mean nobody profits. So stop it. Yeah, unfortunately, that's the way a lot of these well, but okay, so but the here's the thing that you oftentimes see in And in particularly nonprofit organization and in particular Christian nonprofit organizations is that they are not started by business people and they don't know how to do business.

Unknown Speaker  15:10
Yep, it's a feel good.

Matthias Miller  15:13
And they have a view of people if anybody comes comes in and talk to you about metrics numbers, performance profitability, revenue, anything like that. It's a it's an insult.

Speaker 1  15:24
Yeah, because why would why would you think that way for for what we're trying to do here? This is ministry.

Matthias Miller  15:29
Yeah. All right. Okay, sounds good. Good chatting.

Speaker 1  15:40
Oh, man, shoot, there was something something I can remember. Oh, okay, nevermind. Let me know once you fix the clock and clock out button things so that we can put in we can put it in brick and mortar things, then I have to teach them how to it's actually a really good thing I really like this clock in clock out thing. Because that will force them to actually be intentional about this, which I like you're not going to get extra leads unless you actually clock in. I love it.

Matthias Miller  16:06
And you're gonna get clocked out at midnight every day.

Speaker 1  16:10
So it does well the the clock in clock out preclude them from their primary leads.

Matthias Miller  16:20
Well, even if it's just primary, like online sales,

Speaker 1  16:23
so will will the Okay, so

Speaker 2  16:28
truepoint Mocksville. Okay. Yes, it will,

Speaker 1  16:33
it'll get her primary her 50 mile radius lead. If she's not clocked in

Matthias Miller  16:37
15. She always gets it's only for the overflows. And if she has a second salesperson, then that salesperson, whoever, you know, let's say she has two salespeople getting leads, if one is clocked in and she's out, then that salesperson would would get it otherwise she would, you know, whatever, but that

Unknown Speaker  16:53
it's not really relevant here.

Speaker 1  16:57
That's good. Because if you want extra leads, then you need to clock in. So hmm.

Matthias Miller  17:01
Yeah. And the other cool thing is that hide the menu when you're not clocked in so you can't forget to clock in.

Speaker 1  17:06
Wow, you're gonna Okay, I saw that. I saw that on yours. You're gonna tell me how to do that on mine. So whatever. No, actually, you don't have to tell me I saw it in your logic. I'll figure it out. It's dangerous when I when I had no this much. And right now, I'm not kidding. With ice, I really feel like it would be there's a certain amount of value. I feel like, if I could spend a number of hours with you, and you teach me some more like the next. I feel like I've reached this level of understanding of the language. Yeah, then there's like that. But then I run into these like things like today like I, I have, I would have never figured out how to create that sort. The way you did.

Matthias Miller  17:50
Oh, yeah, the next level is really how do you navigate record relationships?

Speaker 1  17:54
That's it exactly. And it would be

Matthias Miller  17:58
a great come up against, it would be a great training to do. And I think internally for my team, if we had you on a call and we didn't recording internally for that,

Unknown Speaker  18:08
it would probably be useful.

Matthias Miller  18:13
Actually even useful, now me thinking about it.

Speaker 1  18:19
There's that and then I want to quit being scared of creating macros, because there's a number of stuff that I've done that, like my reports get slow, because I'm doing a lot of that logic in subset column of columns of the subset subsets of the columns. I'll get I'll get English out straight sooner or later, which makes report slow. Well, but then

Matthias Miller  18:37
Oh, sure. But then then part of that is just knowing how to code that in ways that are

Unknown Speaker  18:42
okay. Yes, there's that

Matthias Miller  18:44
side which is it's all the same issue.

Unknown Speaker  18:47
Yeah. Um, but did

Speaker 1  18:53
so glad I have invested the amount of time I that I that I know now because like, well, like the other day they wanted to do some siding usage reports. And I'd actually message you about some of this stuff. In I'm, I'm really happy with what like, I know this stuff sounds really, really simple to you. But like I really wanted to do a square foot and a, a perimeter linear foot of a building. But the problem with SDI buildings is they don't use our Fielding. So they just they just use that building size things. And it's it's basically just a fillable field. It's like, it's, it's a string field. There's no actual numeric value. So I had to go figure out how to calculate the left two numbers by the right two numbers, and I had to turn it into numeric values. Dude, I figured it out. So

Unknown Speaker  19:48
I'm pretty proud of it. That's awesome.

Speaker 1  19:50
I know. I know like like you laugh and like this is small stuff for your level but it for me it felt like a pretty big victory.

Matthias Miller  19:57
Absolutely, absolutely. It is. Oh, okay, well I'm gonna shoot him an email and see, I think, Jim, if we can find a time for it, Tim would jump on this I think it'd be a good thing for Ben to be involved in as well.

Speaker 1  20:11
I mean, if we did a couple of 90 minute sessions where we just I mean maybe it's not even a couple maybe it's just you go through that you know, maybe it's just one and you really speed through it you record it we can go back and you know, really dig through it but navigation of record relationships is my biggest downfall because I feel like so many times I come up against something I don't know how to navigate and find information from this record over to this record. And

Matthias Miller  20:38
yeah yeah. Anything related to accessing information

Unknown Speaker  20:47
that's when accessing in from patients

Matthias Miller  21:14
Okay, oh, shoot some often, I mean, balls in their court. chat about it. We'll see when you look on our end about scheduling that but

Unknown Speaker  21:23
yeah, cool. Sweet. Appreciate it. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai