Matthias Miller  03:22
Hey sir. Hey sir. How's it going? Hey, I'm pretty well, I'm still driving back from the airport. I dropped off Julia, but I'm good to go here. This is good for you. So yep. That works. Great. Yep. So did you want to work on the one sheet or did you want to wait until Do you just want to talk about other things until then pick it up next week or something? Well, I'm at Yoder by now but I we could probably also start is there first of all, is there anything else we should be talking about? Okay, here's what you could do. Could you pull up the the EBS proposal and search for to do underscore mm and let's talk through those items first. Sure.

Matthias Miller  04:14
Following pieces were not on our radar in HLD I think that's just from pricing from your standpoint. Unless it's for explanation of the final price but oh okay, I got it. Did you consider adding a view financials permission so in theory, you could have an admin without financials or a non admin with Financials

Matthias Miller  04:50
mean I think that's fine. I don't really have I think I just went on After kind of the simplistic way that they described it, and it didn't really sure, give much thought to it. Yeah. Should we spec it out like that? That's my inclination that. And in some ways, it's probably might be overkill for what they want right now. But it really does. I mean, it's probably the right model normally, and and it will just keep things simpler long term, I think.

Matthias Miller  05:34
So here's another example. So at some point they might want to have and, you know, have someone have financial permissions, but they don't want them to administrate users, for example. So, yeah. Me, maybe you want to call it instead of probably access financials, I'm not sure what term you want to use for that. But what the label is for the permission. So something else and I've talked that through with, with Tim, so he knows the idea, but But he, I think he was just waiting to hear what you say for about it. So I think he could take it and run with it. One other thing I mentioned to him is that the, it's really valuable for us in development, if permissions talk about, I mean, when we talk about permissions we talked about in terms of the actual permission, rather than the role, because rules can morph and change over time. And, and we can't code against the girl role, we can only code against the permission. So I think he understands that for me, and he'll need to clean up the speck on that part. Plus, it's sometimes kind of confusing, because this one role has two permissions. And I don't know which of those two to use for a given menu item. Right? So anyway, it's, it's, I'm really starting to think in terms of what we just we haven't priced a proposal for I don't know how long. So I'm really starting to look at, you know, polishing that whole process. And, but I mean, but Tim is just, I mean, I am so proud of what he does, so I think you can be too. So, but but I am trying to just give us I mean, whenever I see anything that we can improve, to give feedback, and hopefully he won't take that negatively, but no, he's consistently been, he's appreciated when we take feedback and make improvements and Yep, he's open to it in the opposite direction. Yeah. So um, then okay, so that there's that one

Matthias Miller  08:08
the miscellaneous items, miscellaneous species. Right? Could we just require that miscellaneous species always be entered as veneer grade? And then they would specify the price. Oh, is that on veneer? Grade? You have to specify the price. Yeah, the veneer grade basically is a it is price driven. Got it? Got it? And is does a veneer grade go low enough to cover all the price options? I believe so. Okay, got it

Matthias Miller  08:56
which means that we might still have like a miscellaneous. Like, I mean, maybe maybe all the

Matthias Miller  09:10
maybe all the grade and separate prices are to zero and miscellaneous. They know they always have to just do the near

Matthias Miller  09:41
Do you have any objections from your end if we go that way? No. That I mean, that sounds about right. I think why don't you just have Tim chase that I just yeah, so. Yep. But But essentially, you can't put the price on a miscellaneous. That's the long and short of it. So I mean, unless you somehow named In the miscellaneous with price ranges where, you know, I don't even I don't even know how you do that, but that could be the one I mean, so instead of instead of one miscellaneous, you'd have 10 miscellaneous is and you so you kind of pick the and that's how you get the different price labs. But I figured I just wanted to raise the issue with you all and have you have you all Chase that's I think I think this approach is the right way to right direction to point okay, send it off to him. Yeah, sure. Um, I think the pricing or gee this is the visibility since since we will need to access this ergy in other parts of the system sounds interesting. Yeah. i That sounds fair. To me. It's interesting the I think I'd like to just introduce a bias towards openness rather than restriction it's just I'm totally fine doing restriction every place we need it. But just assume openness otherwise openness about not necessarily editability partly from a performance issue but partly also just because oh wait, if this isn't available, then validation doesn't work correctly or I don't know what it just becomes a lot more expensive when when when you when we introduce heavy restrictions and you never even actually quite know for sure where it's gonna bite you. So But having said that, that's part of our magic sauce is that we can do restrictions so anyway

Matthias Miller  12:12
okay. Okay, on the track record, we use the catalog editors required field restriction settings and lists all 100 Plus fields is restricted fields is trying just to handle them as always available a lot of CPU usage for scrubbing don't think we have other options. So what are what we do to the user profile record. So this is mostly an FYI, unless you've got a different proposal. But on the user profile record, there's a there's a setting you can flip that says every field needs to specify whether or not it's restricted. And I can't see any other way to make so that we get you know, 10% of the fields available, but not the other 90%. Right. And make sure that you handle it correctly. Right. Do you think this is going to be

Matthias Miller  13:03
prohibitively expensive? No, I don't think so. It's okay. Okay, well noted.

Matthias Miller  13:30
I'm stopping at West has to pick up something or giving us some leftover milk or veggies or something before because they're going on vacation but we can keep talking. What's the next rose added to the down payments table be added until the record has been saved. Automatic linking to payments I was thinking do we have a well I think the original design was that the I think the original design was that you generate the IDs from the record itself rather than from a nightly import. Got it? And so I think all this is that's what Tim thought as well that this is all obsolete that there's Yeah, well, I'm gonna move that with that in mind. Hey, sure. I'm talking to Matthias Yepper. So you're about ready for the big vacation. Oh, yeah. You got your wheel and guns are ready to take a shoot a will and bring them home maybe not okay, you won't quite fit the van. Okay.

Matthias Miller  14:57
Yepper All right, well, that's the last of the TDA memes. Okay, so then the next piece is that only from you, and hey, thank you so much. So, yep. Yep. I'll have a great trip. Yep. So then the last thing I need is pricing for the, for the app? Well, it's both the maintenance that you the maintenance that you want, and the the the maintenance that you the upfront cost and the maintenance that you want. On the app.

Matthias Miller  15:42
I mean, that's gonna be a question for Josh and I, and I'm not sure this week or not, but sure, that's fine. Well, Tim's gonna have a lot of work left for his random cleanup. So I mean, I think the earliest we can get this pricing done is end of next week, we'll have our part done. But so is this is just kind of a learning process, you know, what does this whole thing look like? And? And, okay, this is also interesting. This was, you know, we've been trying to move towards phases, but we've, we haven't done that on this one. We're we are bundling everything at once. So right, so it does does give, I'm not complaining, I kind of think the whole thing. It's not that useful with in phases. But it doesn't mean that, you know, instead of instead of me needing one to two weeks for pricing, I do need almost a month for pricing. So yeah, that makes sense. Six months. Yeah. Good.

Matthias Miller  16:52
Well, you want to talk about en for a little bit. Yeah, so you get that stock. Yep. So he has three proposals here. proposal or three pieces proposal regular follow up with live leads, in send a short, friendly email to all my leads nothing fancy, just email letting them know I'm available talk when you're ready, a little different each month, but not much copywriting at all, just a simple, sincere picking up the conversation. And, and so that's one proposal to keep build a chicken process, one option would be, and then the second one is about his time and availability. One option would be bit paying him a retainer, and having having him literally block out about three hours a week.

Matthias Miller  17:52
And then what I would have him do when he's not taking calls is have him? Well, there's two options. One is we can say, well, listen, it's going to be on retainer, we're actually going to drop your rate just a little bit to compensate. Yeah. Or we could say, Look, we want your discretionary time, when you're not there. We want you to be doing research, we want you to be doing thinking we need it, we want we want you to be be, you know, have some kind of big question that you're trying to solve. What's the, you know, what are, you know, go find people LS should be networking with and work to get things? Or? I don't know those types of things. Yeah. And I think that's, I'm comfortable. You know, if he has that type of, I don't know that that's the type of work he's looking for. I think I think for him to think of, or like, Okay, put together an SOP for that an admin assistant can do to go find people that he should be networking with. I think that would be a good use of his time. Sure. Yep. Yep. And if you're not doing that, then look, you're your job is to do blue sky thinking and figure out figure out ways to help us make make it better and yep, that means you're sitting in a coffee shop and staring off into space for 60 minutes, and nothing brilliant comes out at least you set aside the time to do that. Yep, yep, yep, yep. Yep. Yep. But But, but the takeaway at on every given the last well. So one thing we need from him is that he writes a summary of I mean, and whether this is included in the hour, or maybe you say, we can keep you or we can keep the rate up at this rate. But then I need you to write a five, spend five to 10 minutes of time after the hour to summarize what you did and what's the point you think you might already probably keep it to five minutes Yeah, I think you might be waffling in and out of Wi Fi. I'm not sure what's going on, but I think I got that. Yes. Sending a summary of what he actually did during that time would be would be. Oh, and or either way he did, or his thoughts and proposed action steps. Yes, exactly. Exactly.

Matthias Miller  20:37
Okay, are you they're still there? Yep. Okay. Um, no, that's great. So that sounds right to me.

Matthias Miller  20:51
Good. I will tell him, I'll include that tell him he can start filling out those errors immediately. Yep. Yep. And now, I do think that I think one thing you could say is, you know, this is a senior role to be able to do this. So we, you know, we, we hope there's some attention from from your side on all of this. So, yeah. Hey, could I take a one minute break and be back? Absolutely. Great scene a bit. Yep. Okay, where do you want to go next? Okay, let's just do just want to read over that least this one and then

Matthias Miller  25:33
Yep yep

Matthias Miller  25:39
yep Sure, that sounds great. So um, so And specifically, what we're looking for is for for him to be proactive instead of reactive, which I think is what he's asking for. But it needs to be pretty clear that he's not I mean that he's not sitting back just waiting for something to happen. This he is very much you know, his job is to is to to make it happen now. Yeah

Matthias Miller  26:27
okay, well let's see what he says

Matthias Miller  26:49
grab some water for the humidifier. So and then are we are we ready for the document after that? Yeah, sure.

Matthias Miller  27:06
Like to some time to click the rest of the stuff that we can do the first what is the rest of the stuff? I mean, one is just regular follow up with live live leads any got it? I mean, him just doing this? No, it sounds right. To me. What is what is helpful and what's obnoxious? Well, that's what I really don't. Okay, here's what I would really what I would prefer more. I just noticed Rosewood doubles up their monthly email newsletter with their PCP article. I do think a monthly newsletter was something of value is way better way to, to stay in touch. Yeah, yeah. I mean, this is a little cheesy, and I don't know that it really fits. But these guys have a service where they basically just do it for you for however much a month. But print newsletters and it's a fantastic if it gets a little little vanilla and generic, but it's something doesn't require our time. Right. Right. Yeah, interesting. Or we could see about, you know, that one thing that Perry Marshall has done consistently is having, he's got a sidekick that ghost writes most of this stuff. Sure. One thing we could do is we could explore having going to Asher and saying hey, Asher, alright, you to get on a call with LSI and once a month, and do an interview and figure out what we want to talk about. Maybe it's 90 minutes, I don't know. And we got what we want to talk to our clients about and you go ghost write it and we then we get approved, edited and mailed. And we build out a mailing list this way from both of us. Yep. Yep. Yep. What are your thoughts on? That's pretty interesting. And you think it should be paper versus email? I mean, I think we could do both. But I had feedback from people like Shane, who is like Shane told me he would specifically let it sit on the corner of his desk until he has time to sit down and read it. Sure. Don't do that with email. Yeah, that's true. That's fair. So yeah, I mean, I don't mind. Okay, and sometime when when Ben's a little bit more, I don't know if it's the right person though. But, but just giving Asher more of a walk through the system and stuff like that. I mean, makes Azure is doing case studies for us. Now. For me at least Yeah, you're gonna reevaluate after that. So sure. And it makes me wonder, too if we could just have Did you know blurbs? You know, did you know that we have? We can do email reminders? Did you know that? We have time clock? Software? Yeah. One of the and one of the one of the advice that I got on on this is having the you have the main newsletter that's like raw content. Yeah, like value content. And then you have a freestanding insert, that's maybe a different color that says, oh, you know, like, here's a little piece of information about do you don't actually embed? embed any kind of salesmanship in the actual content itself? Okay, it's a freestanding insert. Yeah. And it makes people more, it feels less to people like you're trying to hijack it. Yep. Interesting. I think that's actually a really interesting thing I would be interested in. I mean, if you're interested in doing something that is signed by either one or the other, I mean, we could have co-directors prospects be signed by you and others be signed by me or we could cosign or something like that. Yeah. Well, um

Matthias Miller  31:23
and see, I don't know if I mind if you become the I mean, you're the designer. I don't know if I mind if you're often the voice behind this. I'm just wondering if it'll be a little bit. Someday, somebody's going to stumble across Wait a second. This isn't here. I've got the same newsletter. And once a month, I don't feel real comfortable with that. I think it's safer to have it always be a consistent voice. And, and have it and then then we will and to be honest, which of us is better writing? And so let that be your voice. I mean, you know, let me let Asher go straight most of it. So that's my first thought. What do you think? Do you want to be involved in the content? And I would love to have you involved? Because I'd love to be involved in content direction. Sure. And I'm glad to be involved in the funding and stuff. So yeah, but no, I did about the interview. Sure, sure. Yeah, I'm totally on board with that. It's just I don't want to, I think it's a little cheesy to have two different people's names on the same ghostwritten article. Okay, so I become the face. Yep. You speak into content and direction and, and even funding? Yeah, as needed. And then we work with? Okay, well, I mean, first step would be getting a trial run with Asher on one. And this would be a great way to put those case studies as freestanding inserts. Sure, sure. And then contractors can decide whether you guys want to mail it out. Or whether you want to, you can, you know, you can have a hidden link on your website and post it. Say, Hey, you can read the rest here. Or you could, you know, the sent out you think that the case study isn't isn't meaningful enough for a newsletter itself? Or is it as too aggressive advertising?

Matthias Miller  33:34
Yeah, my inclination is to provide more something of value rather than just straight up case studies, okay. Rosewood does both. And the case studies are always the most interesting ones. Okay, well, I mean, I tell me, I'm wrong. But I mean, case studies is just, I mean, that's, that's, that's always so interesting. And if it's, yeah, because it gets your it's almost like, you know, it's almost like a Patrick Lencioni story or something. It gets your mind spinning like, Oh, interesting. So I don't know. I think you could do every other. I mean, do a case study on every other or every third or whatever. I don't think you have to apologize at all. And I mean, I'm not that scared about some. It's good content. I'm not that scared. I understand what you're saying about selling but I'm not just terrified of selling either. So that's here. And the

Matthias Miller  34:58
and then I guess so that I mean, I guess if we sent it by subscript or by mail, you could address it to our primary contact. And then you could say for I mean, like a bit at Faith builders. Is that Vivian is that who is that person? Or do you send several companies simply ask, I mean, this Brubaker what one does, maybe it's multiple, maybe, maybe they want one for the lunchroom, maybe they want one for I know, you know, Kenny Gregor, for example, he asked one for himself, and a few of his employees wanted one and one. Yeah. Et cetera, et cetera. And I think we could also consider switching to I mean, and have the option to, you know, reach out to us if you'd like to, if you'd like additional copies or changes, or if you switch, like to switch to email subscription. Yep. Some people just for me, some people just wins that another piece of paper from an environmental standpoint. And so if you give them an option for for something else they'll choose. Yep. Great, I like it. All right. Well, every other month, I like that a lot. So that means that your involvement would only be I can do case studies for a while every other month without your involvement. And then, with the case studies, are you getting permission from the people each time or making an anonymous or we're either going to, I think, I think we get permission where we can anonymize it where we can't? Sure. And there's a lot that they don't want. Go ahead. Well, and is it so anonymous that they won't even recognize themselves? Or? Well, that's, I guess that's a fair question. For example, I don't think Triple D really wants their name out there. I don't think zag wants their name out there. John Lappe for sure doesn't want his name out there. And so you can't talk about John labs project without now right, really masking the details. Right. You know, here's this publisher who is publishing a publication? Yeah, exactly. A reference book. You know, right. That, maybe, but But yeah, yeah. I just don't know how for sure how to do it.

Matthias Miller  37:16
What if we would, here's my first thought, what if what if we would say that?

Matthias Miller  37:29
I mean, would it be fair? I mean, when should we be asking if we're writing about them at all? I mean, if we're doing a case study, don't you almost have to ask for permission, at least for the case study. So I think what you do is you'd say, we're trying to do case studies on projects, we've we can do them both anonymously, so that there's no details or we can include the name if people wish for, you know, the visibility for their business. In either case, we'll let you have a you we'll let you review. Review the article to make sure you're comfortable with it. And is that something you would be? That's something that you'd be comfortable with? How does that sound to you? Yeah, I think so. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  38:24
So I note here is this city case study, exam marketing. We ever actually go anywhere?

Matthias Miller  38:46
I can't remove items. That's interesting. Okay. All right. So we will have to get permission first. luXy we had permission. Clearly we did an interview. Yeah. All right. We could still see if we can get a hold of Glenn to get his his permission. Well, if we did, I mean, I don't that one I feel a little bit differently. If we had we did interviews and stuff. So. Yeah. And then New Horizons we could do that's a fun one that they had their 10 year anniversary in May. Yep. Nice. Nice. On a child system on the child system. Nice. Yep. That's really good. Um, and I think I would love to see if we could get faith builders written in such a way that it could be published PCB II. The I was just reading through Anabaptist financials, annual newsletter, and they have like, I'm gonna say 2000 loans in Pennsylvania, and the second highest is 300 in Ohio. So no All I mean, and I kind of think that PCB is almost the same way is, you know, we feel, you know, we can feel sorry or offended that every that everyone thinks the world revolves in Pennsylvania but the reality is that sorry, it does revolve in Pennsylvania. And, I mean, everything's nothing in comparison. So, so I would love to get the faith builders article in the PCB, and maybe even get some money out of the deal, but hey

Matthias Miller  40:41
yeah, yep. Okay. Good. Well, let's all get the ball rolling on that. See? Oh, was Tim completely joking when he as mentioned, you know, him or Ben becoming a developer? No, he would become a developer if you could, I think. But he doesn't, at least for the sake of Go ahead. For a second compensation. No, no, I don't think it's compensated. Well just just enjoy. Just enjoying its mastery. Yeah, yeah. And I don't even know if it has to be long term, but it's like if he could become that. Yeah. And I think he's got a reasonable shot at. He's more of that than Ben is. Okay. Yep. In my opinion. Sure. Ben's way more social. Okay, got it. Got it. Um, well, I just refuse to do anything long distance. But if if he ever wants to live in Kansas for a few months, then I mean, work with Matthias. I don't know. I mean, I don't know if it didn't make sense. But is it literally a few months after your year? Well, depends. Does he literally want to become good enough to be a developer or just get more of the stuff under his belt so that he understands what he's doing on the design side? Well, I mean, it's it is to become good at the design side. The question is, How good does he need to be? Sure, sure. Sure. Well, everything is going to help so you know, even even two months would make a difference on him on the forehand on the design side, I think and, and quite frankly, just working just working out of the office here. Now the bad thing is I'd have to I mean, he I couldn't give him a private office but just working here law and just rubbing shoulders with people would be good for him. Just from that's alright, so excuse me

Matthias Miller  43:32
good, well, you want to start working. Oops, killed my jokes are working on the one sheet again. Sure. See, we can get that thing wrapped up. Yep.

Matthias Miller  43:52
Yep. Sorry, could I take a several minute break? Absolutely. Just a second here.

Matthias Miller  44:07
No break. All right, me okay all right let me just pull it up in here so you don't actually have to share if you don't want to and that is gonna shoot me the link again.

Unknown Speaker  48:54
Yes

Matthias Miller  48:56
you're mature and signal yep Okay

Matthias Miller  49:50
okay oops

Matthias Miller  50:32
What about just saying that they've grown beyond the scale of off the shelf software or they find that off the shelf software I mean that that retail options don't match don't don't fully meet their business needs or someone like that

Matthias Miller  51:02
understands businesses need something sure

Matthias Miller  51:56
we can even say I don't know if you want to say this but

Matthias Miller  52:07
right yep something like that, but I don't know what are your thoughts? Yep?

Matthias Miller  52:45
Sure that fits their business. Is that good? Yeah. Yeah, yes. Do we want to be talking about about your process? Well, our process Yeah.

Matthias Miller  53:16
I seek my short answer is no. I don't think so. I think we're trying to get them enough to a place where they understand enough that we understand their problem. We have a solution. And we can guide them through that process. Okay. Fear, we're No. Okay. So, so, this this white paper could be handed to business clients. And but if we do that, should we add a line? Something like, I mean, code drafters has you know, basically a a three sentence punch line that says we're good at what we do this is exactly the kinds of problems we solve I mean you know, at ko crafters we work with will have to remember how we started at the top. We didn't say anything at all, so Okay, now, actually, so should we first offer that we can we can explore with a client what the Wrights offers, you know, what they're ready for? Because that's really what they're needing now, because they've just read this they said, Yeah, but what do I need? So

Matthias Miller  54:55
because in that sense, we even remove the, the need for them to be able to You know whether or not they should be calling code crafters should just call us you know? And I, okay, I'm thinking three different thoughts. One is just let them know you can call us and we'll help you figure out what what's next or you know what where you are in this process Secondly, just that that this is exactly the business case that we saw and and that we can do I don't know how you want to do it but and we can guide clients through the through the process if I don't know what kind of verbiage we have right now, just because basically you want to be too kind I mean

Matthias Miller  55:59
yeah, and I, I don't know how heavy I mean, how heavy hitting to be here. I think it should be short and sweet. But it should be pretty clear that that we're not leaving this for them to figure out that you know, this is exactly what we do any thoughts. Thank You Yeah, I think that's I think I think that's, that's pretty good. I mean, I don't know who should be the first who should be first and second round of editors on this thing, but this is the kind of thing that we could that you can I mean that can be easily be, you know, I mean, could be polished and made look nice and and we could I mean have it be a front and back glossy paper that you know, we could send 25 copies to to a business coach or whatever and he could have on hand now, I do wonder if this is the I really liked this, but this is this is more business focused and I had been thinking I almost wonder if a you know, a peek behind the scenes or Okay, think about it as for our marketing partners, or I mean, I don't know if marketing partners is the right word, but I'm thinking business coaches, website designers, people like that. Okay. Do you think would it be worth having a bit more of an of an overview of our process or do we have any documents right now that have any overview of our process or anything like that? Yeah, we do I mean, we have the thing that we send off to clients

Matthias Miller  1:02:35
we have this

Matthias Miller  1:02:42
Oh, sorry, you can't see it

Matthias Miller  1:02:48
Yep. I'm now one thing that we actually don't highlight very well, in phase two that we provide is a full blueprint for the entire system. Because we say a final project proposal as a bullet but it's not clear to me that that is actually a hate a in depth architectural blueprint for the system for the system. Does that make sense?

Matthias Miller  1:04:13
A detailed architectural blueprint or a short maybe detailed architectural blueprint

Matthias Miller  1:04:29
for the for the system along with a.

Matthias Miller  1:04:45
Fixed price proposal. No no. Fixed price cost. Yeah. Because if it's online, yeah, sure. That's fine.

Matthias Miller  1:05:18
Yeah, I mean

Matthias Miller  1:05:29
I mean, could we just okay now? piece what does that what information important critical information does this not give you? It doesn't tell you anything about the software hosting our framework or maintenance. And I mean, okay, but does that not maybe it doesn't matter? How what do okay at some point we should are they are you expecting these guys to be an Ian in the land these, you know, laying these guys right angles. Very saying you guys need to? It's like, okay, let's say somebody comes to you and it's like, I need business coaching, who should I go with in the Anabaptist? Space? Well, you should take a look at AF in gaming. And I'd actually like to know a little bit more, but you don't need to know. Oh, yeah, fair. Fair, Gaiman's plan or as plan is the plan is this much a month and this cost this much? You just need to know to send them over there. Yeah, that's fair. So do you think it's worth sharing something like this with with Anabaptist? Financial? Well, I mean, here's what I wish we could talk with. Rose would be curious what they would say. Sure, sure. I mean, there's other things that in some ways, I think one of the things that could be useful is what makes us different one, we have experience or experience to process oriented and attention to detail. Three, was it gonna say, Oh, we actually have a really high success rate with a project. Like really high, really high? For is we are we are oriented towards long term support. or long term partnership. Yep. Yep. Five is the who we use? We use a, you know, the framework. I'm not sure how much that's worth but well, I cannot wait, I think. Yeah, it's I know, I think some of my own hesitation with that posting stuff has been our poor branding around that posting. Yeah, I think it's we could rebrand that as posting to something that we're all brilliantly proud of it right. I think that it's something that we can make. Yep. Fair. Really. That's where Rosa Rosa will come in. Yeah. So but some of that stuff can be covered. Doesn't have to be covered here. They can be covered in your PowerPoint. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep.

Matthias Miller  1:08:34
Well, I mean, okay, so, back to this question. So do you want to provide the second document to or is this or is this what we are? Is this part of the PowerPoint presentation as we walk through some of this information? Maybe it is.

Matthias Miller  1:08:56
I'm a little bit nervous that there's no facts sheet or, I mean, this is at least closer to a fact sheet. No facts sheet or anything like that. Along with I mean, a great client facing one pager, front and back. But I wonder what a very simple fact sheet would look like you know, our process, high level design in depth design. Building with the solution and long term partnership you're supposed to have three steps, not four but the you know, you know, key key people because I think key people Matthias Joel Ellis, you may be wanting to highlight, Tim, I don't know development team and sales support team in the US development team in Bangladesh.

Matthias Miller  1:10:11
Plants deployed number of users I'm not sure what all you'd want to say there. And if you actually want to put that on a fact sheet. So I mean, well, so this one here is actually so you're saying this one here is actually more of a client facing sheet? I think so isn't it? But then then the question is, what is it that if you're a business coach was what is it that you really want to know? Yeah, right.

Matthias Miller  1:10:52
And maybe what it is, is, okay, now see, one thing that we're not sure we want to be doing is having them just making photocopies of what we provide to them and just giving it to clients. So, and maybe that's where a PowerPoint is pretty valuable. Is it just an is it just a cover letter that goes with this? Um, you know, you're so and so you know, you know? So it's not really well, maybe it's just a cover letter? Right? Do you share the same instinct that this is that if you'd be a business coach, you'd want a little bit more than this? Or not necessarily.

Matthias Miller  1:11:40
No, I would I would add somewhere. Yeah, I think you're right. I think somewhere I would like to know a what does this exactly look like? What am I exactly recommending and right, I might be savvy enough to understand Oh, it's it's a database platform with powerful reporting tools and and some built in modules and you know, I don't know right. But how do we okay, but then even with that, like why not make this a Okay, here's what I think we should do. You talked about 10 factor think imagine if we had case studies packaged into what goes out to them Yep. What if we had I'm a little hesitant about

Matthias Miller  1:12:34
up can you hear me better yet? No, I can hear you. Okay. You're a little hesitant about what mean is our process high level in depth design? I guess that process isn't necessarily proprietary or the in the maintenance design or is it like do you want or dear friends that you know across the street you right you want to do you want to share those practices with them just so barely i That's where I wonder if some of that stuff belongs in the in the long the webinar in the webinar Yeah. So So I think what I want is a not too carefully crafted cover letter that that goes with this that you know, is you know, dear business coach kind of cover letter. So is my first um, so then this would be something like

Matthias Miller  1:13:47
we'll address the Steve since he's a great guy to think about.

Matthias Miller  1:13:59
You can have two interests. One of you have met one if you haven't met So

Matthias Miller  1:15:02
I mean, the fact that we have a team of, of the fact that we have a team of how many software developers I'd have to count up, you know, a team of 20 and Bangladesh and a team of we need to count up how many people have stateside. Yes. So let's say, let's include Joel 123. Here. And how many do you have on your team? And so I've got Tim, Ben Austin en at this point that would be specifically on the right software side. So I think you'd say six or seven, depending on if we want to count Joel or not. But but also helping with a with some of these projects. So certainly helping with the business side of things. So we have a, you know, a team of seven Do you include you and I in the in the count? Yes. How many of you ever code crafters? I've got three US side here. Well, I got I got five including myself, including my myself. Oh, there you go. Okay, so So there's it's eight, US and Bangladesh. I need to double check but I think it's a team of about 20 You can say about 20 That's pretty good so.

Matthias Miller  1:17:07
Do you have it are you putting in this main document or another document in the main document? Okay Yep?

Matthias Miller  1:18:40
Don't know how you want to say this?

Matthias Miller  1:19:16
I don't know if that's great or not. The more personal your initial outreach, I guess here's the other question. Have you had conversations with them before this phone or email conversations before this? Yes. Well, I think this is almost Well, this is getting close to enough to just reach out. And the funny I mean, do you literally think I should try to keep it to 15 minutes initially and then schedule a second call. I don't know necessarily. I guess we could just leave off the amount of time

Matthias Miller  1:20:04
Yeah, sure. Yeah, I mean, that's a warm offer. Yeah. So good. Good. Okay, so then as far as who edits this? And I don't, email needs a lot more, but go ahead. Sure. As far as who edits the copy? I mean, is this something that we send to viewfinder and get their feedback? Is it something that we will say no, I think Asher has done work for the other company as well. I don't know what he's done. So, is that something suddenly we shouldn't be concerned about or not? I don't know. I mean, if they, if they didn't ask for exclusivity, and we didn't ask for exclusivity, then I guess not. Do we want exclusivity? Oh, okay, I guess what we should say is, you know, how would you say this in cash? I think we want confidentiality. How's that? Does that sound reasonable? That you know, we're not expecting you to share what you're doing for other clients we're not but we also ask that you don't share what you know the reverse as well. I mean yeah I'm I think I'm comfortable with that. Does that sound about right I think probably Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if we'd be first and I say oh sure. Let's take exclusivity but can't really do that. So no, we can't No I guess they didn't do that either.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:19
Yeah

Matthias Miller  1:22:33
I mean, would you show it to ask her first if you find her first

Matthias Miller  1:22:47
I don't know do you need to show that ash or can we just run it past viewfinder? Sure. It's good enough it's good enough. Do we have a title or is this a tie? I did let them do it or is this the title? I mean, this is the way of growing a business yeah I think Yep. Can Can you shoot this off to another home and have him project manage it or should we? Well, I guess I just didn't at let's do this Elliot at give them let me do this. Let me just shoot off an email and we can

Matthias Miller  1:23:45
mark, Justin Elliot marketing at Code crafters, one sheet to share with business coaches, slash referral partners, Justin Elliott to put together a one sheet that we can share with business coaches, or referral partners. We're thinking a nice readable double sided, classy paper we've drafted this is open to giving your feedback on our approach and content.

Matthias Miller  1:24:50
Once you've got that nailed down, we'd love to have you inside of this as well. That sounds good

Matthias Miller  1:25:02
Did you want to see the email? Still there oops you got disconnected. It's coming now

Matthias Miller  1:25:28
okay, sorry I was our internet blipped wildly up there it comes back in both places. Let me leave my phone Okay. Yep. And you make this public or do they have access to this drive? I share it with them. Perfect.

Matthias Miller  1:25:58
Yep I think that's great. Okay. Yeah. Well, I think we have a stopper time. This is fantastic. Good, good stuff. Appreciate it. Yep. Thank you, sir. Have a good day. Have a good day. week. We'll see you next week. Yep, take care. All right. Sounds

Unknown Speaker  1:26:38
good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai