Unknown Speaker  01:00
Hey there hello

Unknown Speaker  01:12
is doing

Unknown Speaker  01:13
Happy Birthday, Dwayne. Thank you. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  01:18
It's today.

Unknown Speaker  01:20
It's, it's my birthday.

Matthias Miller  01:23
Can you spend it with us?

Speaker 1  01:30
Okay, funny story this morning, I don't know, I decided is going to work from home. And that proved as successful as as not very successful. And so I said, Well, whatever, I'm just going to come in. So whatever I'm here now that being said, Because Krista and I talked for quite a while this morning about celebrating her 50th birthday coming up next year, and we were talking about all kinds of crazy stories like camping in Moab or going to Scotland or you name it, so that's awesome. Well, we'll talk about next year being a better year.

Matthias Miller  02:11
Yeah, that sounds like a plan. I figured she was gonna call you up 14 or something. Three, she's going.

Speaker 1  02:20
I'll tell I'll say to that a little bit, like I said to her other idea about going BASE jumping or jumping out of airplanes. I said, why would you ever jump out of a perfectly good airplane or off of a perfectly good ledge? Ridiculous. Why would you climb up a ridiculously high mountain?

Matthias Miller  02:42
Audrey might know which one this one is. But there is one that requires you to climb across a very narrow, like extremely narrow ledge to get to the peak and I can't remember which one it is. But that one that one might only be like Angels Landing or something like that. Maybe

Speaker 2  03:06
is it in Colorado? Yeah, in Colorado? Yeah. Well, you're describing it sounds like what my brother in law wants to do. He still wants to do it. But he's, like he said, every year people are killed of going across that narrow ledge like it's Angels Landing in Utah.

Matthias Miller  03:29
Long's peak maybe. After long, 5.5 mile approach, hikers go through the magical keyhole rock feature and enter a new world of Dark Rocky and steep scrambles narrow Ledges in a world crawl to the final summit. So I'm not quite sure that's right, anyway. Yeah, not that. Try Scotland. I've also heard that Ireland and Iceland and even Greenland are all fantastic places to add to your list. So while you look at options,

Speaker 1  04:09
well, then to Ireland have not been to Greenland. So we might we might have to investigate some of these places

Speaker 2  04:18
yet. All right. If I shouldn't be cover recording payments, first while Dwayne's on? I think Nick Walker was down for the other things, but I think that's the one that would be most helpful to have Dwayne involved. Yes. So I think just going through these list of payments, and recording them in a system, seeing what we're running into and figuring out what we need to do to basically remove blockers. I know there's a big The process shift that needs to happen as well, like right now, Dwayne, correct me if I'm wrong, but right now the process is basically dealer says he got a tank builder says he has a check or whatever your office goes in and says, we have a deposit for this about, I think is what's happening now where we need to change that to go from that to say, like on a weekly schedule. Once we have money in hand, and we reported enough of a process to report it to your office, and then Then and only then do we go in and record a payment. Is, is I think that's what we need to move to doing.

Speaker 1  05:55
So are you saying a dealer would never record payment?

Speaker 2  06:03
Wow. Okay. Yes, they would, but not that it would have an accounting impact, it would be informational only for collections, but if a dealer says, I have a check for $5,000, give them a way to enter that. But it has no accounting impact. Until that check is either in your office or in one of the builders office and they say I have this in hand. I'm going to I'm getting ready to deposit it. So I'm going to record the payment and then deposit it. And only at that point, you didn't have accounting. Any accounting impact

Speaker 1  06:53
though, what will that look like? Are we Matthias? Or like, what are we going to have some kind of indicator checkbox? Magic buttons,

Matthias Miller  07:08
we went back and forth on this, I think I mean, the fact of the matter is that some of them are going to be entered by the dealer and some of them are going to be entered by first entered by the dealer and some will first be entered by the by Twain's office here. So does it really have to be anything different? Well, I think there has to be a some kind of checkbox, that some kind of verification that we received payment, like a payment received date, or something like that, that, well,

Speaker 1  07:41
I would vote for a checkbox and auto fills a date, that can be necessary. But I mean, we we've gone down this ID before. So how was I thought we threw this idea out for some reason.

Speaker 2  08:01
Well, the use or the case for for this was give a dealer collegues by $1,000, cash down payment. And he he records that. But by the time that cash is in the builders hand and ready to deposit could be two or three weeks later. And so we were basically saying well, until we have the money in hand. Either Berman's office or one of the builders Office offers new ready to deposit, then we're going to to just keep note of what what they what the dealer said was deposited, or was paid but not won't have an accounting impact. It won't impact AR or customer deposits until we actually have verified that we have it in hand and ready to ready to deposit because once we've received once we've verified that we've received payment, and we're ready to deposit and save the next year, so that's what then we'll also put it on a deposit deposit sheet or deposit record to match up with our bank reconciliation.

Speaker 1  09:23
Well, if we're running, if we're running actual if we're doing undeposited funds, and we're doing actual deposits out of undeposited funds, then that process could auto check the payment well however, we're going to have we're gonna identify on the sales order itself would be a more complete process. But I mean, I don't necessarily have much to add here as long as I understand what's going to be happening or how it's going to be happening.

Speaker 2  09:59
Well, I think so. Look, Okay, anybody other than one way of looking at it is, is only certain people in your office would be authorized to, to record a payment. And outside of that, you just have basically have notes that say, Hey, I collected by $1,000. Like, if you're a dealer, if you're a driver, like $5,000, today, that just goes along with the sales order. Because we need that for when we're collecting with a customer, but outside of the people in your office that are recording this payment, saying, I have verified that I have, that we have this money, and we're getting ready to deposit it, then it should. That's the only thing that should impact accounting.

Matthias Miller  10:58
So realistically, okay, so the payments, or G is still the source of truth, we don't really need a verification checkbox. If the dealers are just putting notes on there saying, Hey, I've got $500 of cash sitting on my desk, it's for this building.

Speaker 2  11:12
Correct. But I think the payments aren't gee, maybe we'd be better if we go through and look at some of these, I think the payments are G is being filled by a number of different people. Just like like the dealer saying, I've got this deposit.

Speaker 1  11:28
Yeah. Okay. First thing, let's back up all the way to the point of sale. So a point of sale there in the configurator, they I'm assuming we're making a separate distinction in regards to credit cards, let's not talk about that at the moment for physical payments. So you select the dealer is currently the process of the dealer selects their type of payment, cash, credit, whatever, the input notes, if it's a check, check number, so on. So it's cash, they say whatever they're going to say, and they submit their order, that process in the whiskey then writes to the sales order. Payments are Gee, now, I don't know, if you're suggesting we change that just to a note taking. Well, first off, that also talks to the sales order in a way that, you know, reflects then a sales order printout. So, you know, just writing in notes by saying I received this amount of money seems a little bit weak customer is going to expect that that dollar value to ducks, what they owe on their sales order. So there's there's a, that process, I think, in my opinion should stay intact. And we come up with some kind of validation process on the payments RG itself. So each payment line would be validated as deposited in some way would be my suggestion, I don't think you want to necessarily tamper with that adding a payments process.

Speaker 2  13:10
That's a good point. I like your idea of mean, we could show that on the sales order. Because we want that to reflect correctly to the customer. And then, but not until it's been validated. Say by I think, probably have to be a permissions level thing. They someone at your office until that payment is validated as not being deposited but recorded like we have this in hand. Only then would it impact. Yeah. And then some Sunday, sometimes. They would simply be validating, saying, Yep, agree with this payment that the dealer entered. And other times the dealer wouldn't have entered anything depending on the situation, they would just be entering it in. You would always need the second step, the validation step. You wouldn't know you wouldn't necessarily need the first step of saving a deal or being having it entered all the sales.

Speaker 1  14:22
So how is how is this going to differ from say a bank reconciliation process with a with a bank statement? Are you proposing that's also a process than to

Speaker 2  14:39
Yes, here here we're saying we have this money that we're applying to this invoice. So go go apply to this invoice. And then we have some process that says, you know, here are all the checks that we've applied. Today, and we're planning to deposit them in the bank tomorrow. And so it lumps all of those together on the deposit record. That now we've applied to the invoice and now to do the bank reconciliation, we're matching the deposit record with the bank statement. Sure.

Speaker 1  15:27
Matthias, I'm assuming you want to, you want to capture this information based on the sales are not necessarily something over in accounting?

Unknown Speaker  15:40
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:42
I think we are back to saying this that somebody in in AR has verified payment received. And then linking it out to specific deposit after that point in stripe transactions are automatically flagged as having been received, because you're striking.

Speaker 3  16:06
So you, if I remember, right, you are programming for there to be a differentiation between receiving payments and depositing

Matthias Miller  16:17
into the Yeah. So if there should, if there shouldn't be that, I don't know if we even need that.

Speaker 1  16:24
So why wouldn't we? Why wouldn't we have a process whereby we get we get a composite sheet from a builder, it has a deposit number on it, etc, etc. And by going through the process, where you spin up a record that has the I'm assuming some type of RG that says, here's my sales order that I'm applying this payment to, here's the dollar amount, here's in the record number is the deposit number from the sheet. All of that is linked up to the sales order where it records on that payment RG line, that dollar value that deposit number, like making it an official depositing process that leaks in your that links all your sales orders into the RRG. I mean, I'm imagining you would have filtered in List of sales orders that have payments applied to them that are not deposited yet. Or you could do it you know, I don't know maybe you filter it out by district or any numbers away? Are you tracking with me?

Matthias Miller  17:32
So is there a reason to track the difference between payment in hand versus for making a deposit?

Speaker 3  17:41
I would think there is. But for one, that's the it's a difference between you know, if a dealer is collecting them, collects the money and says, Okay, I have a deposit, I have a payment, and it takes two weeks to get to the bank. There's that that lag that ought to be in undeposited funds. I personally I think the depositing should be a separate scenario from the receiving payments, because then I don't have work in the background. But somebody could, anybody could be receiving the payment saying this payment applies to this building or this invoice. And then when the district manager says, Okay, I don't want to care, I'm gonna deposit these payments, then there's a separate report or, you know, reconciling processes going through and saying, okay, according to our received payments list, we have these payments. And now I'm selecting the ones that are going into the deposit. And then we create a deposit record. Now whether that each part of that deposit needs to tie back to the to the actual invoice. I mean, that's however you guys do it on the backside, I don't know, but, you know, after the payment is received, we no longer care about who it came from. You know, now we're strictly an accounting process. We're not a we're not an accounts receivable process anymore. So

Matthias Miller  19:30
I want to tie it back because if you if you're looking to reconcile your undeposited funds, you still want to know what exactly is missing, but maybe not.

Speaker 3  19:43
You do and then you go through those received payment records. You know, you're not looking at invoices you're looking at receive payments. Now. That makes sense.

Speaker 3  20:03
Like, I guess while I'm a little bit concerned if they're the same one in the same, in other words, when we receive a payment, we automatically push it into being deposited. Is that and maybe that's not set it up, I don't know. It's kind of like we're trying to combine the two, but we can't really have a dealer saying I received a payment because of where that's gone. I'll push on through.

Speaker 1  20:37
What am I missing? So Matthias Why Why can't Why can't a sales order not report its money to accounting until they're the line item has been validated through a depositing process?

Matthias Miller  20:53
Well, two reasons. Explain this and get this right. So first of all, Joe Smith, does not show Joe Smith making a down payment. So go call it dealer. Hey, dealer, did Joe Smith pay? Oh, yeah, he paid don't call Joe's Joe Smith, I've got a check for $1,000 sitting on my desk, it's gonna come in. So from the from the standpoint of collections. So this is not about accounting. So maybe this doesn't really answer your question. But from the standpoint of collections, we need to know about undeposited funds, so you don't go call up Joe and ask him for the same money again. Number two, there is an item on the balance sheet that shows undeposited funds. undeposited funds are an asset, the cheque that is sitting on the desk is an asset of value to the business, it has to show up somewhere on the balance sheet, even if it's not the bank account. Right. And so the only way to get that to show up on the bank account is if the payment is recorded, and we can record it as undeposited funds. And then

Speaker 1  22:00
okay, I understand that, but why can't any, why can't any payment on a sales order R G be considered undeposited funds unless it's been indicated in some way through a depositing process that it's been deposited. At that point that that line item on the RG can report itself to accounting and say I've been received by the

Matthias Miller  22:21
market dude you guys have. So basically what it means is that dealers have control over the undeposited fund line item based on what is or is not included there. And you'll have some kind of aging report to say. Somebody said there's something here that hasn't been deposited. Is that actually the case?

Unknown Speaker  22:43
What's the concern with that?

Unknown Speaker  22:49
Well, the accuracy

Speaker 1  22:56
but if we have if we have a concern with accuracy on what dealers are actually recording as part of their part of the sale process, that's a different conversation than an accounting accuracy conversation.

Speaker 2  23:11
Okay, so. Okay, so let's take the example of Jay Jane Meyers. Has a customer come in his office today and he collects? Shane says I collected a check for $1,000. So what what you're proposing Dwayne is the enters that into payments RG $1,000. And that immediately shows up in undeposited funds. And then it does not move out of okay, let's Okay, so that shows up in undeposited funds. Meanwhile, the building is delivered to $10,000 building. So AR now shows $9,000. And that $1,000 is still on Shane's desk. And it's still in undeposited funds. And then after a week after the building has been delivered, that check finally shows up in affordable barn Companies Office. They put it on your posit sheet or they put it on this this record payment and send it to your office and you go in to validate that payment not to make the deposit but to validate that payment the check $1,000 Yep, matches what James shows, you validate that. And then on that sheet we also affordable says I'm going to deposit this the everything on this list tomorrow. So you also deposit put in a deposit date for tomorrow.

Speaker 1  24:51
No, I think, why can't Why can't we combine the deposit and the validation step into one thing. So in other words, Affordable Barton sends me a deposit sheet says I'm going to deposit this tomorrow. So either today or tomorrow we run, we open up some kind of deposit record, in assist. And we fill in all the sales or numbers, we fill it. And that filling in those sales or numbers automatically pulls in any undeposited lot art line item art undeposited RG line items, well, if I get my English to work, right, automatically filters them in and says this one, this one, this one check, check, check, I want that one, that one, that one, you run, you hit deposit, and automatically it ties that deposit record out to the sales order line item. And it's validated, deposited all at the same time.

Speaker 2  25:48
Okay, so what else hold on. One part of that process would be validated. And assuming you have one where Shane did not record the payment, but it still shows up and you go in and you you still validate? And it says all well obviously, the system just says Well, obviously, it was not recorded. But here we haven't proved that it is payment for this. So not not a big deal. But Shane it not recorded, we'll just record it invalidated at the same time. And then at the same time it creates a deposit record.

Speaker 1  26:24
Well, I'm I'm proposing that the deposit record is the validation. In other words, now, Matthias, you're gonna if we can't do if you're going to argue with me and say I can't do split items on a trend on a sales order as deposited and undeposited, then I'm going down a road that is kind of useless. But if each line item in the art payments, R G can be either deposit or undeposited. And they've coexist with each other than

Matthias Miller  26:57
yet, let me see this differently marked from an accounting perspective what needs to happen, okay, when Shane enters an invoice, what needs to happen from an accounting perspective is that money needs to go into undeposited funds. And AR needs to and if there is AR It's either unearned income, or it's or it's AR. And once that check gets to Dwayne's office from an accounting perspective, all that needs to happen is it needs to move from AR to, to the actual bank account. And so if we tie out individual sales order line item payments with the with the deposit, then the very fact that I mean, if you're recording a deposit, you better make sure that you're saying this check came from Joe Smith for sales order 4963. And it didn't come from Anna Marie sales order 9271. And if if you can't match those up when you're making the deposit, person doing their deposits not doing their job, right. You don't think that's what Dwayne, Dwayne saying?

Speaker 1  28:07
Yeah. So essentially, if you have a payment item on a sales order that has been linked to a deposit record, we know that it's no longer in undeposited funds. It's not and it's now in the bank account, as deposited. And I mean, that's what that's the magic that everybody wants to know about. From a builder side anyway, they want to know that that payment is in the in the bank account. And you want to know it from an accounting standpoint that it is now earned income in, it's no longer sending in undeposited funds?

Speaker 3  28:43
Well, and I think if it if something shows up on the deposit record, as to be deposited, but it's not available as a payment that was received, because somebody didn't, didn't enter it like they were supposed to, then you're gonna have to go figure out, just backtrack, okay? Where did this amount come from, and make that basically do that receive process because somebody has to do that receive, so it shows up in undeposited, so that you can then deposit it, because we don't want to soon end up calculating extra sales for oh, here's the random deposit that nobody entered. So this must have been a sale and you know, then you soon have duplication.

Speaker 1  29:30
So, Mark, think of it this way. Let's go let's use IMS as an example. So we create a purchase order. And there are items in that purchase order when we create a vendor invoice. The vendor invoice you assign the payee you assign the vendor it inflows a whole bunch of of items that are not already tied off to vendor invoices. So then you would check each one that you want to actually like the vendor invoice. facts like a deposit record in this scenario, so you in some way create a filter to and list the same way like a vendor invoice works, you select the items that you want to actually select as deposited. And you finalize that deposit record. Does that help you understand where I'm going with this. So once the moment, the moment you have a purchase order that has a link out to a vendor invoice like theirs, we know that that has already been paid. And we build reporting around that and, and so on and so forth. In the case of this, we have and we have sales orders with payment RG lines, which are created by a dealer or in my office, those payment RG lines can be undeposited funds, until the moment that they are tied off to a deposit record the moment you tie them off to a deposit record. They are not considered deposit deposited.

Speaker 2  31:09
I mean, I think what you're saying doing is you're removing one step, and you're putting them in with what you're proposing. Payments will sit in undeposited funds longer I was expecting they would not enter on deposited funds until they're at the biller or at your office. And with this, they would be sitting in undeposited funds. The minute a dealer says I've collected payment which is

Unknown Speaker  31:40
undeposited funds are

Speaker 2  31:42
Yeah, I like that. Better. And then when you go to do your deposit, they have to tie out to

Speaker 1  31:57
the app to tied out to actual sales order line items in the payments RG No.

Speaker 2  32:03
I don't know how that affects Matthias, like, can you still do at that point? So you go to deposit, let's say a green or a landmark? Well, that's short paid, can you do the write off? At the same time we're doing the the deposit.

Speaker 1  32:31
So why Matthias Why did you do that? Why did you do the write off as a separate field on the sales order? Why is it not part of the payments RG line?

Matthias Miller  32:42
Because we were told we would only have one write off for I was told we would only have one write up or sales order.

Speaker 1  32:51
was sure but I mean, the admit that in this case? How, like when you're tying in a sales order to payment RG lines to a deposit sheet in some way we're going to have to reflect extra money or or, or under money, I guess, in some fashion in order to make that hold out.

Matthias Miller  33:17
Well, let's talk data model and what is what what actually is what most, there's two questions, what best reflects reality, and what is the workflow? What best reflects reality, this sales order, the total payments for this sales order did not come out to the right amount. You can make an argument either that somebody paid this particular payment was either short, too much or too little. But you don't really know that into the last payment. And so it really doesn't make sense for more than one payment to have a premium or shortfall or fee included into it. Straight fees are a little different, because that is unique to the payment. And so I would make the argument that models reality the closest is we had a sales order, they owe $10,000. We got paid 10,000 $10,025 Because of a premium. And that's a factor of the sales order, not a factor of the payment. Now you can make a compelling argument the other direction, that's fine. I don't know. I'm happy to be argued with. But it seems like we don't really need multiple write offs. If we do we can take a look. I suppose there could be a scenario in which they do financing for actually, here's a scenario, how's this? We get funded. It's a $10,000 building. We get funded for the landmark for $8,000 and then they sorry, the building's $10,000.01 And we get funded for $8,000 Because that's what landmark is doing. and landmarks got a fee. And then the customer has the audacity to go write out a check for $2,000 and leaves the one cent off. And so if you want to properly reflect that one cent difference in accounting, then you need to record your landmark fee, and you have to account for that one cent customer, you know, customers writing sloppy checks right off. And, and so that would be the argument for having multiple write offs. On a prepayment, having the write up on a prepayment level, then there's the workflow question which is basically when we're entering a deposit, we need to make it easy in some form or fashion to go apply it right off to a sales order. And doing whether that's an X 30 button or whether you know, whatever that is, I think extra button is likely what ends up being and goes in. Maybe maybe you don't actually edit the deposit record, maybe the deposit record is only modify Beck's 30s. And you select a row and hit Apply payment, and then we save the payment there but also simultaneously applied a write off to the sales order, if that's required, or something like

Speaker 1  36:15
that. I don't know, I mean, the that data entry should have already taken place prior to a deposit record. So if if green sky or landmark or whatever, or bad tech writing, all of that should have been already entered in the payments are G or write offs already accounted for, I would expect prior to actual deposit records.

Speaker 2  36:39
But Dwayne, were okay, so you're expecting that all payment payments are going to be recorded prior to doing the deposit? I would expect so. But there's a lot of like, there's a lot of like, most of the wholesale payments. I think you won't know about until builder goes to deposit them and a lot of them.

Speaker 1  37:05
But I would expect the workflow should say should remain the same. You should be entering that, that payment on the sales order before you go creative deposit record.

Speaker 2  37:14
Okay, well, then, okay. Based off of that, I think we're back to kind of where, where Matthias had been going with two separate workflows, one recording the payment on the sales order, and then to doing the deposit record, where Matthias, what his plan was, was to give you the ability to record payments, without going into without needing to open each individual sales order, but giving you a report where you can go and like a receipt payments, report, find your invoice, apply your payment, and, and do all of them in one in one place.

Speaker 1  38:00
So with that, as are you thinking? So they would do some kind of x 30 push to x over to the sales order that?

Matthias Miller  38:05
Well, I mean, if we're separating, if you're if you're doing during a receive payments as part of the deposit process, then yes, it has to be that I really like the idea of separating out the I mean, depends on profession, your your folks are but if your folks are pretty adept at managing multiple tabs, then it's as simple as starting a deposit and being like, Oh, this one wasn't wasn't this payment was never received, let me hop over and receive payments, let me go find it. Let me record the payment handled right off. And we're

Speaker 1  38:41
as much as I liked this, a really cool report where you can both you know, do deposits and payments and write offs. It kind of breaks a work in accounting type workflow that is almost intentional, at its level of of being done to model reality so that you don't get into some potentially interesting territories. Maybe that's just my opinion, but

Matthias Miller  39:07
I'm very happy just to push people into the sales order. I think going this is Isn't this mostly doing your column how you want the workflow to work for your people.

Speaker 1  39:16
Okay, so But okay, argue with me for a second because I'm not an accountant. And I'm not I'm not ever planning to be the head of accountant but it seems like a a proper workflow to say if you receive information that says that this payment should be applied to a sales order, you go apply it to the sales order before you go try to make a deposit. Rather than trying to make a deposit and make a payment at the same time. That seems like a mixture of workflows that has dangerous, potentially dangerous implications.

Matthias Miller  39:52
I think a fairly good argument can be made that seeing the context the full context of the sales order is helpful when when receiving payments. I

Speaker 1  40:01
Looking for and I would agree because if like if if I get a $5,000 check and I'm and I don't open up the sales order to look who's to say that somebody from affordable barn didn't send that deposit in twice and now I just know I've got an extra $5,000 ending up on the sales order because you know I didn't actually open the sales order and look at the payments are Gee

Speaker 3  40:28
Yeah. Oh information would be great. I think with the, with not needing to open each sales order if you're simply collecting payments and you had a list of the invoices that are out there, you know, like you have in this receive payments report I would think I just from my perspective, it's going to be faster to use received payments report, instead of opening a sales order up to apply that payment. But

Unknown Speaker  41:05
I don't disagree.

Speaker 3  41:07
On the same, that's fine. On the same hand, I think the depositing task should be on a separate you know, there should be a received payments report as well as a separate depositing tool to use because like you said, I had not having everything all in one kind of service modeling everything together. Well, okay, so if the report the receiving the payments and you want to open each each sales order up, I have no problem with that. I mean, go

Speaker 1  41:47
okay, Matthias if we did some kind of report where you can actually if you concatenate the amount of the sale, if you concatenate the payments that are already in the sales orders, so that you can see exactly what's already there. And you were doing that and you were able to add another payment to that sales order from a report I'm I'm not going to argue with that. As long as it is

Matthias Miller  42:11
as simple as adding a balance due

Speaker 1  42:17
No, I think it's more than like specific dollar values that are already in the payments are G so that an individual who's actually adding payments like you can spot for a duplication, I'm a little worried about if you can't spot for duplication then we run the risk of overpaying in Salesforce like even like now you're gonna say well if the balance is due then you're gonna show up with extra money on the sales order and then you know

Speaker 3  42:45
right well there there would have been that one of these that we have here the guy obviously made two payments and split it in half it was $5,308.80 that was still do and we have a payment of $5,308.81 and so my first thought as I was looking at those was oh somebody was one sent off in their in their recording when I opened the sales order I can see that there is a payment already applied there and it was just as because it was an odd number of cents that I actually caught it otherwise I would have said well this is this payment that that I have listed here so I'm yeah I definitely see your your thing there of trying to avoid duplication having previously recorded payments or showing up when you get to that level maybe you should just open up the sales order you know for each one

Matthias Miller  43:57
there's one more option yet which is we could we could show only I'm doing a fancy report here which is getting me in trouble and I can't easily mock up a new one. But we could kill all of these columns. I don't know if you guys can see this but these columns here we could kill and have a sub pane showing the sales order.

Speaker 1  44:24
I like that 100% Yes. So you select your line item that you're adding a payment to and it pops up in a window on the on the right hand side that shows it

Matthias Miller  44:34
shows your sales or you hit at it or we we throw it in edit mode right away and you make the changes and hit save

Speaker 1  44:43
not necessarily leave it or report it just parking you can do something as part of an edible report right.

Matthias Miller  44:52
Oh you want

Unknown Speaker  44:54
so you saw

Matthias Miller  44:56
this with the sub pain?

Speaker 1  44:57
Yeah some pain of the salesman of the of the line out on the do select it so that you can actually see the sales order. And you can immediately see it. Unless there's not a way that you just show me the payments or Well, why don't just do a payment RG report in the right hand side? And then give me the sales order.

Matthias Miller  45:14
I'm assuming you want this on the bottom half so that Well, I mean, the no you do,

Unknown Speaker  45:18
I'd say right hand side but bottom.

Matthias Miller  45:21
You do by these your folks in the counting for K monitors, they can actually see what they're doing.

Speaker 1  45:29
about 45 inch TVs Is that Is that okay?

Matthias Miller  45:33
Well, I mean, whatever. 4545 inch, is it 4k?

Speaker 1  45:41
Yes, I listen, I love my I love my sub panes on the right hand side. So I like that

Matthias Miller  45:50
we will be we will be sub pained.

Matthias Miller  46:00
Well, how else can we solve problems? have complicated discussions that result in five minute action steps?

Speaker 1  46:09
Let me make sure I clarify something. So it was never proposed that you're actually adding payments and creating a deposit report at the exact same time. Those are always going to be two separate processes. Am I correct in understanding that?

Matthias Miller  46:22
As it stands now, they are separate processes, I believe. If that's your question, Is that your understanding marketer as well?

Unknown Speaker  46:30
Yeah, yeah, that's what it shouldn't be. Good.

Matthias Miller  46:34
Okey dokey, Smokey.

Speaker 2  46:37
So with that, I think it would be helpful to now that we know how we want it to work to look at this deposit sheet that I sent to you most of these for one reason or another Do not tie out. And it's like, why, and when you might just because you're currently entering these payments, you know, opening up each sales order entering these payments, but I think has value going through these and saying, Okay, how are we going to handle situation like this? Is it a work? Is it a process issue? Is it something we need to build software for?

Unknown Speaker  47:26
I have 10 minutes.

Speaker 2  47:35
Well, Matthias, I'd say go for it and just start with I don't know the first one or start with do you have? Which of

Matthias Miller  47:44
these that I'm sorry? Yes. So we went to

Unknown Speaker  47:52
new ones that

Speaker 3  47:54
that with checkmarks. Checkmarks are the ones I was able to find on the receive payments list. The ones without checkmarks? I was not able to find not scrolling through the right thing. I'm not sure where you're

Speaker 2  48:09
always the first one. Yeah, page. Linux, Linux. Dave was try that first one. That's a

Matthias Miller  48:30
lot of payments

Matthias Miller  48:38
really hiring. We don't have we don't

Matthias Miller  48:46
have it. This one is let's see what's in Oh, I don't have my subset.

Speaker 2  48:55
Why think the reason this was not showing up here is it's the payment if the balance is zero, with what's been applied.

Matthias Miller  49:07
Is this all? Which district? Is this?

Unknown Speaker  49:11
North Carolina? This is all NC

Matthias Miller  49:14
we've got to make a difference as well. Okay, so this one has a $0 balance due so this wouldn't be included.

Speaker 2  49:22
Great, but Dwayne, do you have any idea why this like this makes no sense. It says check number 1813 for email of Henry for 24,005 11 And here we're seeing 36 720 I think that's probably a process issue but like

Unknown Speaker  49:43
go to modification history

Speaker 1  49:51
in 13 per head says our notes by Vanessa to see out so that mean? She is supposed to let me see Let me first see the first line item in the RG who entered the first line item? Nick childrens probably did. And that probably came in with the

Unknown Speaker  50:13
Yep. Well,

Speaker 1  50:15
yeah, that was that's what came. That's the information that came along with the original order entry. And you say you have what now?

Speaker 2  50:25
36 720. And Henry saying it's paid on Linux stable. So it's probably, but what I'm puzzled is where, what what information did Vanessa have? In that's not stored anywhere, like the email that she would have gotten to record this payment?

Speaker 1  50:48
Oh, 100% She has a copy of it. And she is religious about keeping a hold of these kinds of things. For this very reason, this is not the first kind of a question like this. Why is that payment on there? Well, because Henry said, so per email of Henry

Unknown Speaker  51:04
to cover your back.

Unknown Speaker  51:08
So can we see that email or? Vanessa?

Speaker 1  51:12
I imagine if I if, if we reached out and asked her for I imagine she probably could produce it?

Speaker 2  51:21
Well, we can reach out to her and ask because it's, it looks like she did her thing. And yeah, it was a process issue. So let's look at the Crystal mesh off measure whatever, socket that one.

Matthias Miller  51:44
A 5456 This is 7186 30.

Speaker 2  52:06
Interesting. So like who would have entered this payment? The dealer? So okay, with the latest proposal, now what what are we doing? So that

Speaker 1  52:21
that 54 or 5706 would sit in undeposited funds until it gets applied to a deposit record.

Matthias Miller  52:29
And then when whoever's depositing would see the discrepancy and have to go chase it down, but that would actually happen.

Speaker 1  52:39
discret so what's what's Let me see your Let me see your your documentation for what it should have been. Seven is correct.

Matthias Miller  52:50
Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. That was the wrong one.

Speaker 2  52:54
But my question is, are we doing? Are we validating? Like, are we dropping that validation step? At one point we'd said that when your offers would be validating this to verify that the data are entered the correct information

Speaker 1  53:10
Yeah, yeah, the validation step it becomes deposit record step so that deposit sheet that vital structures has there you would make a verify all your payments are incorrectly or in correctly not incorrectly Wow, there's a play on English and then you'd create a deposit records.

Speaker 2  53:33
So So we're seeing as far as recording payments, it's wide open anybody can report payments in any way shape or form. The catch all is when we go to do a deposit it needs to match

Speaker 1  53:49
Yeah, and I imagine there's going to be we'll have some kind of auditing of of undeposited funds to make sure I mean I guess that's where collection side comes in is making sure that all money is collected which is kind of interesting because it would really refine our reporting Matthias to where you could do a collections report that only reflects payment RG lines that have not been deposited. Exactly do so like that idea.

Speaker 3  54:18
So this receive payments report really is not functioning the way it should then because what it is showing is everything that has not been received by because what what happened what was entered as received no longer shows up here. And like the only one that's actually listed in this receive payments list is the last one that Ravi contro or Cotterell.

Matthias Miller  54:50
The receipt payments is showing. I mean these aren't in the list because we entered it and there's no balance do know this one A deposit report, then no, the receipt payments would be wrong. But it's received payments report not a deposit report.

Speaker 3  55:05
Right? What we're trying to do is we're trying to take a deposit sheet here with this list for vital structures and apply it to a receive payments sheet. And so that's why we're not finding anything because these have already been applied.

Matthias Miller  55:18
Exactly.

Speaker 2  55:20
Okay, so the receive payments report remains, with changes that Dwayne's the sub pane on the right, and then the class will create another report that shows all transactions in undeposited funds, where you'll go into your deposit. Yep. Now, Dwayne, won't won't, we have to somehow separate. The like right now, especially from pillars, there's a mix of, they're saying, Here's my deposit. Now, oh, by the way, go record all these payments, some of them, they really don't know whether they have been recorded on the sales or whether they have. So

Unknown Speaker  56:07
somehow from the builder standpoint, we'll have to separate that I think. Like, here's, here's how I think it should work. Tell me about it. Well, is.

Speaker 2  56:23
Okay, Mr. Biller, you're going to always do your deposits on Thursday. So have all of your payments recorded. By Wednesday night, six o'clock Thursday morning, we're going to send out a report that shows all of your transactions in undeposited funds. And you go through and mark off what you're going to take to the bank today.

Unknown Speaker  56:45
Send it back in, we'll create the deposit sheet. And then that's why they create the deposit record. That's what will will deposit in the bank.

Speaker 1  56:57
I would prefer to have them send me the actual deposit sheet.

Speaker 2  57:03
But okay, the builders don't know. Like, looking at this list, this builder won't know which of these payments have been recorded, which have not, he just honor. Well, if it's a mix like this, you're saying your people are just going as if it's not showing in undeposited funds, they're gonna say, Oh, this hasn't been recorded, jump over to the receipt, payments file, record the payment, and then it appears in undeposited funds and go back and

Speaker 1  57:36
well. I mean, I guess this, now we're kind of back to the

Unknown Speaker  57:44
that split workflow?

Speaker 1  57:45
Well, we're kind of back to this thing where I, if I was doing this process, I would take that that sheet right there and open up every single sales order, verify I've got my payment, and then go create a deposit report or a deposit record.

Speaker 2  57:58
Oh, and by verifying you're not clicking a box or anything, you're just making sure that it matches.

Speaker 1  58:05
Yeah. So I mean, I would, if this sheet came in, we can I don't want to beat this horse. And we can do this however we want to from entering these payments standpoint. But I mean, to me, it would seem like a good workflow where you get a sheet like this, your first step is you open up every single sales order on that list, confirm that there's a payment in the payments RG that matches and and then as soon as you're done, you go over and you create a deposit record and everything should line up.

Unknown Speaker  58:33
I like it. That's That's genius.

Speaker 3  58:37
Yeah, I think that should work. I mean, people who can't do any deposit, I mean, payment received payments. You know, I don't know how many places are where the dealer might, he always records his payments, but then this other dealer might never record his payments. And you could probably learn who's probably recorded their payments based on where they're coming from. As the person signs the sand, you know, if this was vinyl structures, we know that they're probably most of the ready gonna be recorded. If it's shred time. We know they're mostly not. I don't know if there's any system that can be learned by that sort of approach or not.

Speaker 2  59:21
But I think why do you just propose Dwayne, I think that's, that would be great. I think when we go to deposit, then that needs to be to require a higher set of permissions because we don't necessarily want Sure. party payments. They need to go. Yeah. Good. Well, you need to run Dwayne, I think. Right. Yeah. Well, it was worth every minute of bizarre to have you on the call. So thanks for joining.

Speaker 1  59:54
Good. No, I know I'll get off and You guys can go have more fun

Unknown Speaker  1:00:03
All right. So Matthias for development your, you have what you need on this?

Matthias Miller  1:00:18
Um, yeah, I still have I have Drew's kind of layout and design and I don't really know that I need more than just straight up, heads down and focus on it and get some put together.

Speaker 2  1:00:34
Okay, so on this receive payments, you're going to add that sub pain basically. And then you're going to create a second report that shows on deposited funds. Yeah, yes.

Matthias Miller  1:00:50
And then on the receive payments, do you want to you want me to go ahead and remove commas and also do that in the deposit remove comments from the numbers to make it easier to search.

Speaker 3  1:00:59
Um, that would be nice. But that was something I ran into. I was I was able to pull, like I typed in in the search ID numbers and it would find them but I do the exact amount numbers and sometimes it wouldn't and it was right there. It wouldn't find it. So I noticed that the column made a huge difference, right? But even still there were times I put the comma in and it wouldn't find it. Um, I'm trying to be an example of that. But anyway,

Matthias Miller  1:01:41
with anything like that, if you can offer any specifics, I was searching for this number here's a screenshot of my search report I was running anything like that. I don't know that there's just a ton that I can do. But if you run into that again for sure grab that information and I'm happy to take a look and see

Unknown Speaker  1:02:01
Yeah, that works

Matthias Miller  1:02:07
good all right. Well

Matthias Miller  1:02:21
that's that one

Speaker 2  1:02:30
let's let's look I think this is probably the most review that statement just try and do some bank reconciliations to through you try doing this Psalm. And you were unable to find most of them not the question I had was well let's Yeah, let's just go and start.

Matthias Miller  1:02:55
Are we looking for deposits are we looking for

Unknown Speaker  1:02:59
payments payments or payments?

Matthias Miller  1:03:01
Okay. deposits in the credits All right payments

Speaker 3  1:03:08
so the giftcard one at the bottom there are 30 box that one was in the last on the reconcile sheet that one was there. The $30 one was there but there just wasn't much that was

Matthias Miller  1:03:22
his this primary capital

Unknown Speaker  1:03:26
primary is the second bottom

Matthias Miller  1:03:30
excuse me, okay. Well, let's take a look we've got

Matthias Miller  1:03:44
all right, well, let's do this. Transactions ABC amount dollar 87.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:58
Back to the 2030 for a year or two. What was that last time? So there was some trains Oh

Matthias Miller  1:04:06
yeah, there's a transaction that's way out in the future. So if we just do you just do this I think it should pull it up

Matthias Miller  1:04:24
to do actually date range one one to

Speaker 2  1:04:39
do this. The start date is 2013 or 120 34.

Matthias Miller  1:04:46
Yeah, there's counting transaction

Matthias Miller  1:05:01
23 Let's see what this this will it's actually in vinyl structures we have a vendor invoice

Unknown Speaker  1:05:25
oops

Matthias Miller  1:05:36
mean that's the bottom line right

Matthias Miller  1:05:49
so this should be 2023 Do you guys want to be updated or do you want to

Speaker 2  1:05:58
yeah but you're saying you found a transaction or a payment

Matthias Miller  1:06:05
yeah if we would do a we weren't able to find it the other way but if we would have searched vinyl structures for year to date through 2034 we would have found one dated for 2034 now and then after the next update this would be a link which would have taken you into this vendor invoice which was entered on 10 on 23 Four so it was a typo we just got pushed to accounting

Speaker 2  1:06:48
yeah we could just change it to 10 or to 2023 I'm sure that

Unknown Speaker  1:06:56
and then

Unknown Speaker  1:07:12
see

Matthias Miller  1:07:30
well we could also then change this to 2023 which would also happen automatically but so then going back to here so transactions tolerating seven

Matthias Miller  1:08:01
we have a whole bunch of weighted transactions showing up but there is no dollar 87

Unknown Speaker  1:08:10
Okay that one was

Speaker 2  1:08:17
assessed would not have known about that that was a different payroll in QuickBooks but something like Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:08:24
I shouldn't be let's do the 1313 2422 Let's do that one can that's a an automount that looks like a vendor invoice

Matthias Miller  1:08:45
we don't have

Matthias Miller  1:08:53
the invoice total

Matthias Miller  1:09:06
this one

Matthias Miller  1:09:12
routine 24. A 28. Is that about the right yeah. So why did this one not?

Speaker 3  1:09:20
Yeah, that that's the thing there is why is it showing up?

Speaker 2  1:09:29
Oh, this is an ACH and we're looking at we have payment types split between ACH and checking account. But

Unknown Speaker  1:09:38
they're all supposed to go to the same account so it should still show off.

Matthias Miller  1:09:41
Me. Okay, let's take a look here. See what this thing says.

Speaker 2  1:09:47
Oh, you're saying we have even though we have we have different payment types to be user friendly but they go to the same on the backside. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:10:00
Look earliest if gi here let's do really is F gi counting earliest if gi

Matthias Miller  1:10:22
okay so it's not that actually let's just do this expand expression now let's not do that let's Okay so this one goes

Unknown Speaker  1:10:41
No one goes

Unknown Speaker  1:10:47
you have that

Matthias Miller  1:11:03
missing account or something

Matthias Miller  1:11:39
when is Ohio

Matthias Miller  1:11:51
sales order vendor invoice RMB account

Unknown Speaker  1:12:05
is so

Unknown Speaker  1:12:21
start taking stuff out

Unknown Speaker  1:13:11
trends table

Unknown Speaker  1:14:03
invoice payment account is

Unknown Speaker  1:14:12
blank

Matthias Miller  1:14:20
this one's not set

Speaker 3  1:14:28
now with that I was thinking that if you know since we've selected a payment account for each payment type that if the payment type is selected then it would automatically select the payment account as well because we have them tied together on the back

Matthias Miller  1:15:03
These are tied to companies

Matthias Miller  1:15:15
where where's that payment accounts set? configured on the back end.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:22
If you go to the FTA allocations page is where we do it

Matthias Miller  1:15:30
we have the sales order payment account

Unknown Speaker  1:15:37
Okay, no, that's not right

Matthias Miller  1:15:47
kind of think it's a Josh question.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:50
Oh, no, it's in the accounting companies

Matthias Miller  1:15:57
viewpoint expense. So we go to ABC.

Speaker 3  1:16:05
So there we have the payment types on the left and the account that they go to then.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:19
Be ACH.

Matthias Miller  1:16:29
Why is that one not?

Matthias Miller  1:16:41
Give it away is that when not showing? Oh, I know why.

Matthias Miller  1:16:52
Isn't Shouldn't this have been Ohio? Shouldn't this be assigned to ABC? Who?

Matthias Miller  1:17:03
And then over here, this should be primary checking.

Speaker 3  1:17:12
No, that's the wrong that one is supposed to have gone away. That was an earlier. Oh, it's one of the earlier ones that's still hanging out in there. And

Matthias Miller  1:17:27
what is it supposed to be?

Speaker 3  1:17:28
So it shouldn't be? It should be like ACH ABC at the top or ACH? st or AC? Yes. This

Speaker 2  1:17:38
ABC because it's CSP commercial and Savings Bank.

Speaker 3  1:17:43
Right. But that was one of the payment types that we had early on had early on that split that didn't it's not the format and so we were it was supposed to be gotten rid up.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:57
Okay, because it was not ready to fly selecting some of those

Unknown Speaker  1:18:03
selecting some of those ones that we didn't get removed. Yeah. And I couldn't figure out how to remove them

Matthias Miller  1:18:16
okay, well, let's just do this. This is And okay, so you said this one should be ABC ACH.

Speaker 3  1:18:27
Yeah, that's the one that takes its place.

Matthias Miller  1:18:31
All right, I got the wrong one. CSB ACH

Matthias Miller  1:18:48
All right. We're just going to do buttons

Matthias Miller  1:19:09
run this on one just make sure we're good save Oh Why are those

Matthias Miller  1:19:30
that's fun

Matthias Miller  1:19:39
well, let's do

Matthias Miller  1:19:49
it Well this one we can I mean I guess these we can change payment account is a required field okay so let's try this ABC ach ach ABC payment account why is that when was that payment account blank or not save those change my

Matthias Miller  1:20:57
no sorry accounting companies

Matthias Miller  1:21:06
nevermind CSB ACH isn't going to be here but we have ACH ABC alright CSV I'm gonna go change this back before we get more confused this one actually does it shouldn't have a company this is and this one probably be inactive but that still doesn't all right no but that still doesn't explain why why payment account

Unknown Speaker  1:21:42
that you had showing

Speaker 3  1:21:44
down is the beta go nose with the other payment tell

Matthias Miller  1:21:48
the other payment so let me let me see how that gets calculated see if I can break down exactly why that's not getting set correctly

Unknown Speaker  1:22:26
think I had inactivated them at some point but

Unknown Speaker  1:22:37
name ah

Matthias Miller  1:22:44
yeah that's not right Josh. accounting company by name would be the accounting company name

Unknown Speaker  1:23:11
there's no need for me

Unknown Speaker  1:23:14
immediately. Other things.

Matthias Miller  1:23:21
Okay, well, I found the issue there's a bug in there. That would explain why none of your East actually probably none of your vendor invoices are showing up.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:31
That's probably true. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:23:35
I could

Matthias Miller  1:23:42
I could write a report let's see. Let's do this. We're gonna have to drop off before too long here. But let's do a vendor invoice. So you have the invoice ID, your invoice ID and then we're going to have a invoice payment type

Matthias Miller  1:24:30
the invoice payment, ACH source account and then the

Matthias Miller  1:25:30
specified something's wrong here

Unknown Speaker  1:26:10
silly me

Matthias Miller  1:26:20
well that's not you don't really want to go blinking things out unnecessarily so why is this not do this says

Matthias Miller  1:26:59
let's go back to this guy right here he's giving us grief that's also part of the issue the company type account where as we would expect

Matthias Miller  1:27:31
see a to illustrate this

Matthias Miller  1:27:38
trim accounting company name by haha that's the other issue let me go over here to get there before I forget okay so they never read this report where it was this guy

Matthias Miller  1:28:21
okay let's get back to her company

Unknown Speaker  1:28:35
e got it

Matthias Miller  1:29:05
a back over here we are looking here

Matthias Miller  1:29:47
All right, well

Matthias Miller  1:29:55
there is part of our problem. It's not the whole problem, I think Should I need to drop off? I wonder if the best thing would be to look at vendor invoices after you know, August 1, or something that don't have a payment account associated with them, and figure out why we're not we're incorrectly calculating the defaulting the or lookup for the default account is just straight up not working. So.

Speaker 3  1:30:34
Yeah. Okay. Um, would it sit for you to regroup at 330 or so or are you full for the rest of that?

Matthias Miller  1:30:45
I can. Basically what I need to do is I need to run home quick and I'll have I've got the check in blocked out from three to 330. So I'd be available. Okay. At that point from from at three if you

Speaker 3  1:31:00
Okay, that should work. Should work. Just finish up the rest of these things. Yeah, that'd be great. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  1:31:09
Okay. Awesome. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai