Speaker 1  00:00
I'm interested in too many interesting things somehow unenviable? Well, you know what, it's actually I don't get the impression that you have a bad life at all. It seems like a pretty reasonable decent life the person you're just trying to figure out how much juice you can squeeze out of it. That's Yeah, isn't that more?

Matthias Miller  00:21
I think so. I mean, I mentioned to you say it's not a bad life. I think every has its own set of problems. Yes, every life does.

Unknown Speaker  00:30
Yeah.

Speaker 1  00:42
So why don't you give everybody the introduction. What would you like them to know about Matthias? Oh, sure. That would be wonderful. Okay, so he's got this interesting stir fry of software consultant. Marketing Agency. He's making some money from a he writes software for Amish people, which that probably sounds like a very oxymoron. Which I really think it's funny. In fact, I'll tell you, I got a super quick Amish story. I was in Amish country in Indiana a few years ago, and we were on vacation. And I go in the store and I said, Are you the owner? You guys know the owners are on vacation, and I go so how does an Amish vacation work? Oh, they took an RV down to Florida. I didn't know you could do that when you're on. Oh, they hired a driver. Oh. And if you go little I really admire the Amish. If you go just a little deeper into Amish culture. They years like long before we had a problem of, of children stoned on iPads. Okay. And being raised by YouTube. They said technology has an incredibly insidious ability to destroy a community and our community is more important than anybody else's technology and so our community, our communities are going to have agreed upon mutually voted standards and regulations about what we do with our technology. And so, like if you go to Amish communities you'll often see there's a little white building that looks almost like an outhouse. There's a phone booth. Like you talk on the phone in the phone booth, right outside the neighborhood lights right outside the subdivision. And then you turn your phone off and then you go have dinner with your family. Okay. And so it's not like they don't use technology or have technology but they're extremely deliberate and they're very smart people too. It's not like they're ignorant or anything. So anyway, but am I doing okay, so far? Yep. All right. And so, so it's like well, all right, that's one of my gigs and maybe I can scale it up into a big gig and maybe I could be the grand Imperial toolbar of Amish furniture marketing or some such thing. He's considering stuff like that. Except there's all these other interesting things like he got his sister out of a toxic work relationship. And now it's blooming and blossoming like, well, maybe I could help people do that. And I'm really like, I don't like being a software engineer. But I'm like, cracking good at helping people figure out their software problems and I can get in Oh, and it turns out, wow, I just did this thing with all these salespeople who, like I got, I got I got somebody to hire salespeople a certain way. And that worked out really well. And oh, my goodness, I think I'm an octopus and I got eight arms and all eight arms, like one arm could run the factory and one arm could ride a bicycle. And one arm could be cooking in a restaurant. One arm could be sleeping. And man like I could just have the greatest octopus life. How close am I

Unknown Speaker  04:38
do you miss something? Yeah,

Speaker 1  04:40
so So tell us about the octopus. Sorry that I miss Christopher.

Matthias Miller  04:44
You know, I'm listening to his thing and I'm like I spent a year and a half with you know, this Vivienne that we hear about, it's been a year and a half under intense mentorship by her and like, there's this whole other side of my world that I don't talk about much, which is all the memo. We like. That kind of stuff that's in there. If you want to throw another arm on that, which kind of sneaks its way into I've heard that much

Speaker 1  05:05
about it from you. worked well. Okay, so you, you have a prophetic streak. So that that makes adds another dimension to the equation.

Matthias Miller  05:16
I think that's but I think that's basically the gist of you've nailed it. I think for much of my life, I've been frustrated because it seems like the world is set up for people who have a lane that they want to run in and then go run in this lane and everything will be wonderful and you can climb up the ladder and become really good at that and everything's perfect. And I have this weird, kind of like, you know my marketing DNA empathy is like way off the charts. And and then I have this all this software development background and, you know, I go down the rabbit hole of software and all this stuff and started coding when I was like, seven or eight years old, and so and and kept pushing through it even when I hated it. And so I have this really deep, deeply ingrained systems thinking on top of it and you know, there's this weird thing of like, well, hey, if you understand software systems, you understand business systems, and they're not all that dissimilar. And I think I kind of take for granted ways that I look at business. I think, you know, Jose, and frankly, to some degree, relate with what you guys are doing because of that. And so in my last conversation, period, I talked, you know, the big thing was, well, your way you're looking to leverage in what you could be doing. And I think one of the things so there's two things that we're kind of looking for one is, so leverage public speaking seems to be a fairly good way for me to get leverage that matches my marketing DNA I think I'd I would enjoy and be good at and, and but if I do that, then what is the tip of the spear because I could go down the software for the Amish route. But do I really want to go travel to where the Amish are at because there's not a lot of I mean, we could do phone calls, but there's not a lot of zoom meetings happening with them. And no, is there a lot of competition either? Not a lot of competition either.

Unknown Speaker  07:05
Software developers driving around the country I don't know. The Amish are growing, so maybe

Unknown Speaker  07:14
big family so that helps.

Speaker 1  07:18
Maybe they are maybe it's a star principle score of 200. Some

Unknown Speaker  07:21
of them are just leaking out.

Matthias Miller  07:25
And and so but but then if I expand the market beyond the Amish I don't feel like the tool set that we're using to build out. Some of these software systems are really I feel like it works well within the Amish sector. But is it really going to withstand all the competition if we go outside that sector if we do if we fight, let's say take what we're doing here to a different market? Maybe we'll maybe it wouldn't. And so is there something within the so the one piece within the business that everybody says I'm ridiculously good at is some form of product development or whatever you want to call it where I work, I work with the client in a handful of calls I like basically map out the whole with this whole system in the big pieces and a bunch of the little pieces actually. So they can turn it over to a team member and they can flesh out the rest of whatever this piece of software needs to be. Is there a way to take Can Can that be disconnected? From the actual build out of the software into a consulting gig of its own? I don't know. Like finding finding some point of leverage. Or maybe it's maybe it's in the marketing maybe it's I mean, the sales thing is really too early to say that I actually want to believe it and it's pretty interesting, I think, but it might be too early. I don't know for sure.

Speaker 1  08:48
How will these people know that they helped you have a successful Hot Seat? Either at four o'clock this afternoon, or four months from now? Is there something you're afraid of? Well, that keeps coming up. And I'm not afraid if I don't. If I don't figure out what to do with these certain things, then X might happen. There seems like a frustration or an anxiety or for fear of missing out in this software.

Matthias Miller  09:39
Yeah, there's definitely something there. Like one of the things that came up in the hot seat is well maybe like do I have to pick a lane like can I just be the the eight legged octopus? And go find some kind of tip of spear

Speaker 2  09:59
if you commit to one of these, you're blocking off the other things that you like to keep open.

Matthias Miller  10:05
Here perhaps I mean, the biggest fear is probably strictly if I focus on one thing, like I've been in places where I've been bored to tears and wanting to jump off tall places. And I don't see a path for any of these things where I'm like, I feel like the only pathway I'm really going to be interested in is if it's one thing at a big enough scale that actually keeps me keeps me engaged and interested.

Speaker 2  10:34
The way you phrased a comment earlier, just when you're starting is that I think you've got to fear like talk about other people and they commit to doing one thing and I think it's realizing that it's a fear of picking one thing by committing yourself to me, and then having it turned into a thing that the thing that I do,

Matthias Miller  10:57
or maybe it's a fear of how do you pick your favorite child?

Speaker 2  11:01
And I guess you know, a couple years ago at the beginning of COVID when I was getting ready to start over by dialing somebody who might at another process, I will probably optimize nothing and I was like, Oh, hey, I want to do all three. You know, I don't want to kill one or that one die, I think was a fear that I had. And I wanted to do coaching. So you know, again, we're all add we've all got tons of ideas and things we want to do. And I was afraid of putting one on the shelf. And the way I made peace with it was like well, you know, if I commit myself to three or four things at once, I'm not going to drive anything meaningfully forward. Right? And so I decided I was like okay, I'm going to do global garden. That's the thing I want to focus on. I'm putting the Optimize method on the shelf, I'm not killing. That was my big like, Aha, that can give you permission to go after deliver and like, it's so important. You know, all your other interests are still there. You can go back and pick them up in time. You know, but what I've realized is anytime you go to anything, you decide to go deeper and the deeper you go, the more you realize how little you know and zoom in, you know if it's truly the thing that calls you that you're passionate about and love to do. You spend eight hours a day and you're energized at the end of the day versus dream. You know when you figure out what that one thing is you got to commit to jumping fully to figure that out. Maybe you get to the end of the road and it is that maybe it's not then you go back to somewhere in the shop. It's not.

Matthias Miller  12:25
So to that point. What's the thing that I think I could be absolutely engrossed in for days on end without. Like if you want to talk there's another way of looking at this, which is I think I'm pretty good at picking people apart and finding out what exactly their core motivators are and then looking for opportunity where where they can express that like future focus. The I think one of the fears and frustrations with that is probably the question of is that actually something that can be monetized and is it valuable?

Speaker 2  13:02
That's a big leap. Okay. This is the exact same kind of topic and idea and some talks on mutability. And you know, probably getting wrong one is usually goes learn more than you've ever done, like okay, I've learned to eat and energized and the third one's really interesting is you think because you're wired that way you just assume that everyone else is at you for granted. It's like a another second person knowledge, your inner idea, right? And I

Speaker 2  13:50
If people are willing to pay a lot for free to help them either to kind of be that guy, you can't read the label from the inside of the bottle. That's why people need

Speaker 1  13:58
coaching. That's why the coaching industry is a billion dollar and massively growing industry. It's not slowing down,

Speaker 3  14:03
you know, Star principle. You pick your specific niche in coaching. I think a good thing about that coaching is a 10% growth. It's a fast growing market. That's 10 But yeah, so So if I look at your Venn diagrams, it's software and it's empathy and

Speaker 3  14:34
when I get people that call me, right, they either want to do custom software or they want to manage my career. No one ever calls me and says, Todd, let me help you. Cut into what Tony or the Tom's doing is. I there's there's 1000 emails out there. There's 1000 CRM, there's 1000. This, let me help you sort through the mirage of data and which ones work together. Like you were talking about you guys switching off of Gmail, right to proton, and we were going through that same thing, right. And finally at the end, I was like, Screw it. I'm gonna pay Gmail because I don't have time to deal with this. Okay, I would love to be off of Gmail, like part of our part of ours is on Gmail and part of it on Microsoft 365. Right. And then we're searching for CRMs and I got QuickBooks, I got my and then I got an Access database that I wrote myself that I love to get rid of. But I don't think there's a there's a lot of in, in, in my world. It's like I have a guy that wants so much and want to make sure like computers don't die. And if they do, they're backed up and that kind of stuff. There's 1000 people that call me about that. There's 1000 people that call me about custom code and like, I got more custom code than I want. The one I have I want to get rid of right I want something that I can pull off the shelf. But I need someone that can sit down and go, here's where we are today. And then here's where we want to go to tomorrow, right? Like, I know that we're looking at we're looking at Maximizer CRM, right? Because that's what we need today. And I and the guy that selamat he's willing to work with me and do some data for so much. Whereas like these other guys, they are interested in lessons, you know, $20,000 game, right. If I had $20,000, I wouldn't be where I'm at. So, but I know that I'm not that's not even going to be the solution very long. Like, okay, here's where we are. So I'm thinking like, fractional CIF, right? Strike show guy that knows about technology, knows about can sit and listen to me and say, Well, you know, really, your problem is this problem this, which one do you want to solve first and we can move you but

Unknown Speaker  17:22
it's going to be more expensive. So why

Speaker 3  17:26
don't you just stay here for now and then when we figure it out, you know, like, I would love help with that. But I can't afford a full time CIO or full time software or anything. Yeah, so my question is, is what do I need to focus on? So at the end of the year, I have little goals set. So by the time I start the next year, I'll have them in place to move forward to the next goals. Do you have any type of goals in mind that you have set or any type of quarterly weekly and monthly yearly goals that can because it seems like you're like, like this all over the place, but if you can set goals and have something every week or every month, to keep your focus and move forward, like he says, You don't have to give up any of them. But set goals, so you have something that

Matthias Miller  18:34
keeps you focused and put them in order of importance, also, so then, they're like, once I have this goal, then I can move around, get these goals, you know, so you, you're not just radically jumping around and not bring yourself focused on. What I don't want this to come off as like, I hear what you're saying, but I'm not listening to you. I do think I've set up my environment fairly well so that I am actually pretty focused in what I'm doing. It's this knowing like I mean, I'm not I haven't reached anywhere close to where I want to go by any means. But goodness, I'm the most comfortable I've ever been. And I'm getting stuff done. And

Speaker 1  19:25
it's kind of like the existential crisis of oh, hey, I've built this. Like, I have the accountability I need I know what the next thing is I need to be working on and yet I can't help myself from

Speaker 4  19:35
trying to reinvent myself because there's something that's chafing inside of me that's like, this isn't

Unknown Speaker  19:40
quite right. And I

Speaker 4  19:42
can't quite figure out what it is. So try this exercise. So

Unknown Speaker  19:46
most of you know the work ethic. barnacles

Unknown Speaker  19:59
sweet life

Speaker 1  20:04
Renaissance time. Is everybody seen this before? Anybody haven't please raise your hands. Hmm, is it in detox people are dominant? I think so forth. There's not one kind of work there's four kinds of work one kind of work. It doesn't, doesn't have enough new ones to it. So John, I came up with us a few years ago. So this is this axis is productive. This direction this direction is predictable. This is unpredictable. Okay, so work ethic is predictably productive time. I'm an attorney. I bill at 300 bucks an hour.

Unknown Speaker  20:53
I do the work I

Speaker 1  20:55
don't want for 300 bucks an hour. is working. Barnacles is I'm hitting refresh on my Twitter feed for 47 times a day, because I'm caught up in this low like addictive. lizard brain behavior. Okay, this is a weekend off this is a vacation. This is unpredictably productive Renaissance time. You go to a concert in idea may randomly pop in your head at the most weirdest time and you're like, Oh my goodness. That's it.

Unknown Speaker  21:32
We're like

Speaker 1  21:36
a little less than two years ago. We're it's winter. We're in the first first pandemic winter of our lives. And I'm writing a scientific paper and working on a math problem. And in life, I'm so cooped up and so tired of being in the house and I I'm stuck on this. How do I solve this math problem? And I just knew if I can manage to get myself to Western Ireland to go walk around on on a on the walking trail. They will figure this out. And I did I escaped. There was a little window where they were allowed to travelers and I went the very first day there I remember exactly where it was a puzzle piece just came tumbling out of the sky in the Zita I think it was very profound. How many of you ever had moments like that? And in some of your best, you can't predict it. You can't plan it. What I just told you is more planned and predictive than it usually is. But like if I give myself some space and I go away, and I forget about this for a while I'll figure it out. Okay, now, Martin, surely one time, he made this really brilliant. Like the switch flip. He said, I used to come to roundtable meetings. going. Alright, I'm going to this meeting and I got these questions and I'm gonna get these questions answered. And I'm gonna pay for this roundtable membership because it's expensive. And, you know, I've taken this seriously. And that's great, right? And he said and he said, so coming to a roundtable meeting was work ethic and he said, I decided to change the way that I think about it. I'm going to come to a roundtable meeting. And I'm going to think of it as Renaissance time. Which is I don't know what's gonna happen, but I get to do this. It's fun to be here. I get to meet all these really cool people. I did have conversations I can never have at home. And I'm going to enjoy the breakfast thing and enjoy the lunch. I'm going to enjoy the dinner which I hope all of you guys are going to do today. And I'm gonna enjoy whoever I'm sitting with and at dinner, I'm gonna go sit with somebody different. And if I just know that great things are going to come out of this and I'm not going to feel like I have to force Okay, that's what I think you need to do with this. I think I think what this what you're sensing is all of these like little superpowers and things that you have that sort of randomly pop up and you help somebody out of a gym. I think your inner Protestant work ethic engine goes, Hey, I think we need to move this circle over into here and I think we need to plug it into an engine and it needs to be a slot machine and then I'm going to put $1 in the slot machine and I'm going to pull the lever and then $2 are going to come out and I'm going to be a good steward of my time and I'm going to be a good steward of my talents. Okay, and to just give you maybe another comparable thing. A lot of you know that I've got this whole a third of my life that's basically being a scientist and I've got an abortion 2.0 and Cancer Research Foundation and I've got all these things going on. And one thing that I've come to awareness of in the last few months is that is that to the extent that I was making myself responsible for fundraising? Like okay, you have a 501 C three as a cancer charity, you've got commitments to help these research projects to the extent I put myself on the hook to raise a certain amount of money. I am taking a fun Renaissance time and I'm jamming it into work ethic and making it not fun anymore. If I do that, I kill it. So I took myself off the hook, like, Well, we do want to raise money. And John and I just worked on a newsletter and the newsletter, the news, the topic of the newsletter is what is the job description of our fundraising guy that we're looking for? Because it's not me

Speaker 1  26:24
okay. Now, I'm just curious Matthias if we took all of this stuff that's in your nebulous category of well, this is potential and this could really be something cool and maybe I shouldn't be doing this. And we said, that's great, but you're under no obligation to turn this into any particular kind of a business. All we want you to do is enjoy it and pursue it in some fraction of your life. Like, you still got to pay your bills. And you know, I don't know if it's two days a week that you're working or four days a week or

Matthias Miller  27:03
however long whatever it takes you to cover your net, like you got to do that. But then hey, man, if it's 230 In the afternoon, and you got the work ethic done stuff, then have at it. Now if we frame this whole thing that way, how does that make you feel?

Speaker 4  27:23
Well, practically speaking, I think I'm it's hard to tell maybe four to six months away from not having to work

Matthias Miller  27:34
from based on a consulting engagement that's underway. That would basically, I mean, low management of it. So how would it feel like

Speaker 1  27:52
I think there's still probably some separation that I'd have to do if, like, I should be doing something that ends up being productive. I think there's still maybe some

Matthias Miller  28:03
head trash to let go of that but yeah, should what

Speaker 1  28:17
what is should and I'm not putting it down. The Scheuer that's good. I mean, this should is like there's actually should have we this conversation at breakfast. There's a fairly strong should have, you should do things you don't want to do, because it's good for you.

Speaker 3  28:37
Yeah, you should eat your broccoli. Your push ups. Yeah. You should make your bed

Speaker 2  28:42
make sure a quarter can bounce off the bed. You need to put your shoes away when you go to bed at night. You can brush your teeth you get you should floss

Speaker 2  29:00
I think that we go about doing so Perry suggestion this you know certain time What about a certain day? Like this year when I started the new year I said Monday, one day we can go back it two days on global guard Wednesday I do coaching Fridays my Renaissance day. So that's what I think reflect tight,

Unknown Speaker  29:20
no scheduled appointments on Fridays.

Speaker 2  29:22
Sometimes I just take a half sometimes I you know we will better be

Unknown Speaker  29:27
flattered listen to our various programs or whatever

Speaker 4  29:29
it is. But if you'd like reserved like that, is

Matthias Miller  29:33
there's there's specific value that will come from that not that you're trying to get it but it's it's creating the space for him. I think he's what he's trying to what about doing that? So like when I think

Speaker 5  29:52
the should I should be more structured. I should have one day that I focus on this. I should have a second day that I focus on that. I should have one day that set aside to Renaissance time. And I think to a degree perhaps having having a day that's like okay, this is my selfish, selfish, selfish day. It's my needs to be reframed.

Unknown Speaker  30:12
It's interesting, you use the term that's

Speaker 1  30:14
my selfish so the theme that keeps coming through is if I'm not working and being productive, I'm being selfish. That that's the thing that I keep hearing over and over. You're just beating the hell out of yourself. Because you're not productive everything. Well, I'm curious how many of you one of your we all have different sizes of shame buttons. Some of them aren't very

Speaker 4  30:41
big and some are huge. How many of you one of

Speaker 1  30:45
your larger shame buttons is somebody

Unknown Speaker  30:53
making you

Unknown Speaker  30:54
feel guilty

Unknown Speaker  30:56
for something that's just

Unknown Speaker  30:58
for you?

Speaker 1  31:06
Like, I want a chocolate birthday cake. Don't you told me what you want?

Unknown Speaker  31:16
That's selfish.

Speaker 1  31:20
That and then saying that to you like that pushes your guilt button like you respond to that you're like, Okay, I'll stop winning chocolate cake. Raise your hand if you identify with that. Like they can already negotiation.

Speaker 5  31:34
Oh, man, that's it, man. You're taking off a lot of money

Unknown Speaker  31:39
off the table. You know? Oh, okay,

Unknown Speaker  31:43
maybe maybe I should.

Unknown Speaker  31:46
How many? That's one of your

Speaker 5  31:48
bases. I absolutely, guys. Okay, well, a third of the room that leads you know, it's half the half

Unknown Speaker  31:55
and the other half or one?

Speaker 3  32:01
I'll bet you I'll bet you if you were to dig deep that at least 80% of the people in the room would have that but alas people are just not aware of it because it's too scary to think about it. Of course didn't run wasn't run talking about anytime you use the word should or I or those who wish Ron Ron Wilder Oh, when he was head is your thing. And I think he had a list of words like if you use the word should i Those are identities. You have of yourself I shouldn't be doing this i

Unknown Speaker  32:47
Something along

Unknown Speaker  32:48
those lines like those are identities that you have. Those are

Speaker 4  32:54
those are those ideals, those those heroes that you

Speaker 5  32:58
are trying to live out and maybe some of those identities have asked them. I think an interesting question to ask is, What do you want to happen as opposed to what should happen? So as I've gotten older, that's one of the questions is like, what do I want to happen before I die?

Speaker 1  33:25
And that changed everything for me because it's like, Wait a minute. I mean, I'm 75 So

Speaker 6  33:30
my days of getting things done getting shorter and shorter. So identifying

Speaker 7  33:35
what I really wanted to happen is extremely important, as opposed

Unknown Speaker  33:40
to what should happen. That's the weird question. How often do you celebrate? We've been working on that.

Unknown Speaker  33:52
By working I mean

Matthias Miller  33:53
Rick really knows he should be celebrated. He's trying to move it in and I'm doing the shape that I'm not going to disclose how little I'm celebrating.

Unknown Speaker  34:15
Right. So you mentioned a minute ago that so you have

Matthias Miller  34:19
you have a consulting arrangement that's that could very easily develop into a very nice situation. And I don't really want to get into the details. Now Perry has the details but could get into it even nicer situation in the future. Like this thing could go That's what is it like 5050 7525 Where's it right now? Oh, I don't know. You know, 3070 but I think

Speaker 4  34:44
it's just a matter of time. I mean, it's something I'm

Matthias Miller  34:48
you know, somewhere between freaked out about and pretty relaxed about because it's actually catered towards the Renaissance. Like, we need somebody

Unknown Speaker  34:55
who can make stuff up and build things from zero to something

Matthias Miller  34:58
and that's something I'm pretty good at so one of the burning questions has been a completely different question. Okay, Bob says, Well, I mean, I think part of this comes down to reframing, even reframing how do you work? You know, one of the questions that came in with is, let's say that I go with public you know, public speaking is a very clear avenue for marketing. So what would it look like if I took the work ethic should off of public speaking? Yeah, and said public speaking, you get to go into my Renaissance. Time. And

Unknown Speaker  35:41
what

Speaker 6  35:44
if we took those constraints off? What would those in

Speaker 8  35:49
we assume that whatever wanted to come out through the public speaking in that would feed into the rest of the stuff completely fine. Nothing to worry about. What would that look like? Are you a live words optimist? I'm an empathy, alchemist life. Okay. I am too. So one thing I discovered about myself a while back is that I have what I like to call an external processor, which is I learned, which means I learned what I think after I say it, and it's great. It's, well, yeah. You could probably sort out why that might be a problem, but it helps understand it. And so I would actually

Matthias Miller  36:36
say a lot of my time on the phone and Todd can attest to this. A lot where time on the phone is Renaissance time where I am actually sorting out with the other person,

Unknown Speaker  36:47
what their problem

Matthias Miller  36:48
is, what I think about it, what they need, and where they need to go. Is that with the experience of talking is like for you Oh, yeah. Like 90% of my day, my day went from from soul crushing to survivable and possibly even enjoyable when I vote. Okay. Somebody in Perry Martin in the forum says, Hey, I need somebody to fix such and such on WordPress. I'm like, I know how I don't want to do it. I can do this. Here's the condition. You'd have to be live on the call with me and be available to answer questions because I don't want to waste either of our time. Yeah. In other words, I'm going to make this something that is empathy, live alchemy, and I'm going to turn it into something. And so most of the software design, it's like, no, nobody can exactly describe how I do it. But I get in there and I start asking questions and these pieces emerge and I ask more questions and like, this whole thing evolves through a conversation. Like, those are the things that worked best for me, I think. So there may be another layer to this in terms of Renaissance time. So So I've had this thought in the back of my head. I have some friends, where Renaissance we have Renaissance conversations very well. And I've struggled having a quote,

Unknown Speaker  38:00
Renaissance time, you know, it's all like, oh, I should go

Speaker 8  38:03
should go to a coffee shop and journal for a long period of time or I should put in reality, I need to build out a group of Renaissance buddies that we get on the phone and we chat about whatever it is, and these things emerge along the way. Good. Yeah, that's literally what he told me to do about four months ago, and I didn't put it together is a terrible, terrible name. And I've tried to fix it. It's called pain pals. Because together,

Speaker 4  38:39
we are very far apart like pen pals, and we're bored

Speaker 1  38:42
and lonely most of the time, because we're 20 Somethings that try to build businesses or want to talk about businesses also have a bunch of things like those groups are awesome. And it is a breath of fresh air if you can get yourself part of one and if you can't find one, make it because it is so good. Well, Matthias I think there's a big clue in the story you just told you which was, well, if I force it into a certain key hole, I could be thrilled helping you with your WordPress problem. Otherwise, it's like stabbing myself in the face with us for the fork. Yep. Right. And so, especially if you're paying your bills some other way you can say, I will help you figure out your software. But it's going to cost you $1,700 an hour. It's going to be at the top of Kilimanjaro on Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday from two to 4pm. And you're going to have to bring a Turkish Turkish bath massage forum, you can make sure that you

Unknown Speaker  39:59
have a video

Speaker 6  40:00
and an audio recorder because if like I won't remember what I said five minutes later.

Matthias Miller  40:07
Okay, but when we're done like you'll have an entire plan architected and I'll tell you the names of three software coding firms, they'll go do it.

Speaker 1  40:19
So, to the show, I like it to the should you should fill out to more detail you should provide them the detailed plan in the outline, you shouldn't make them but if we can put together an offer like that, like oh, hey, like, that's the most pleasant time. I mean, people want to come out to Colorado all the time. So you go in here's the list of deliverables you will get for me and here's what you absolutely won't get for me. I will not write a single line of code. I will not debug a single minded I Will not I will not make this certain Gantt chart I will not like fill in the blank. I will not create an Access database for anybody I right. Yes. But like as long as you're within the set of parameters, and as long as like somebody's

Speaker 4  41:13
bringing banana pudding. It's gonna rock.

Speaker 1  41:17
Okay, and then you didn't like you just get to say that that's the cool Renaissance part of it. It's unpredictably. productive. And it's only in a form that you find to be fun. And it's I when I was 14 years old, I loved designing building speakers and then I got an electrical engineering degree. And then I got a job designing speakers at Jensen and within two years I didn't even like it anymore. And then I got laid off and I have not done any speaker stuff for money since and now I like it again. And I have a rule never built speakers for money. As long as I'm not doing that.

Unknown Speaker  42:04
It's great. As soon as I turn

Matthias Miller  42:05
it into a business, not fun anymore. Right? And so you just need to have your rules. And then you go explore this stuff to your heart's content like oh, yeah, like I'll be all straightened out your HR department.

Speaker 4  42:19
As long as it's a top of Kilimanjaro with banana pudding, sir.

Speaker 3  42:24
Right. And then I can fit. I mean, I can fit all kinds of stuff was in that frame, and it's actually going to work really well. And so part of the battle is just building the container for all of this stuff to happen and not wandering outside of the one twos into the shoulds.

Unknown Speaker  42:44
So I

Speaker 3  42:44
think the other thing you need to remember too, is something Tom said earlier about new drilling. Someone does love doing the pieces that you don't know despise, but they can't sit there and have the conversation and pull that out. Right? Like what do you need, here's what you need. And that next that next guy is sitting there listening, taking those notes, right, and copiously. going, Okay, I have my steps. And what he does and what you do are two separate things, but you pull it out your job is to pull it out and their job is to run with it. But you have to

Speaker 4  43:24
be careful like I have, we have people at our shop that sit and do things all day and I would kill myself

Speaker 3  43:32
and they love it. We had as I was telling I was there earlier. We had somebody come work for us that's for 20 years. So the crossing genes you for 20 years, so 100,000 Gene crotches. Someone loves doing that we tried to get her to do other work and that was just last crop. I'm telling you, you can't you can't. But your audience determined as

Unknown Speaker  44:12
I tell

Speaker 1  44:12
you, but that was an example after seeing that and like

Speaker 8  44:17
there's someone for everything that you just need to find. Right. Don't look at what you don't like to do and go

Speaker 3  44:26
holy crap. I wouldn't ever put that on somebody because there's someone that likes that. There will be a Perry Marshall minute coming out soon.

Matthias Miller  44:39
Like even SOS also shout out it's just it's hard to do you know, because it's the next thing over and you're like I would hate to be that person. I don't want to punish them by giving them this work. And there's someone that loves that. Oh, to your point. I don't know what if you wouldn't want to do that. I can't imagine what self sabotage would look like in that situation that get yourself fired. But the to your point period like this is this happened a week and a half ago, which is like I sat in a conference room with one of my clients and we figured like they're like Can we please have you face to face because we're tired of zoom? I was like you can have any face to face and you know, spent the day on the client client site. And they basically said, Hey, we want this that we have over here for this over here. I was like, I mean, this is obviously through a series of conversations and discussions. And I was like, well, that's simple. So that's the part that I that I now like like

Unknown Speaker  45:35
I understand what it is that they need. And

Unknown Speaker  45:38
if I could put myself into you know,

Speaker 3  45:41
sitting across the desk or table from

Unknown Speaker  45:44
the person writing all this stuff down

Speaker 4  45:47
if I could just explain to them and walk them through this and then completely walk away.

Speaker 9  45:51
And I don't know like you could send them the recording you have from Mount Kilimanjaro. Exactly right. Yeah. And they would just pick it up from there, right. So then

Speaker 9  46:09
you have to trust yourself the thighs like you're you're counseling yourself constantly. And you're filtering your own counsel through the lens of others. Underneath you need to and this is I'm saying this and this is like I'm talking to myself, but you need to get rid of those shoulds because it's external pressures.

Unknown Speaker  46:30
That you put on yourself that really don't exist.

Unknown Speaker  46:34
Like you have the right to define how you

Unknown Speaker  46:36
do work and how others work with you.

Speaker 10  46:39
It's your decision and there should be no shirts a couple things. We will go to a break after Miguel. I just wanted to say my face that honestly for the life of

Unknown Speaker  47:03
me, I could not relate to

Speaker 10  47:05
what your problem is. Like when you were saying like I shoot like and when Barbara said like 90% of us I was like no, let me like I don't feel guilty when when I was like I was going to do this thing. I think that at one point of my life I was like, but I can't really remember like, like what happened or what and I think part was talking about like a Theory of Constraints. That's all direct recommended. You know, it's like a engineering book or most of industrial engineer mechanical engineer reading. So long story short, I will recommend you to read it he starts like talking to you about like engineering process, whatever. But there's a part where the guy in the younger woman said cotton how most most processes is never about the process and keep it explains to you how it is about people beliefs. So it shows you how to do some diagrams. So you can yourself see what are the beliefs that actually are like blocking is never the physical you know capacity of the of the engineering process are the wrong beliefs or the wrong metrics. So that that like I think I it helped me but honestly, like, it was so long ago that I can't you know, so I think I mean, we were cleaning up your stop your life. I was like I couldn't. And I wanted to talk before to say like, Okay, well there's a problem that I couldn't meet.

Speaker 1  48:49
Whenever you say like I couldn't pinpoint me like this has been great, but what is it? I didn't get like? I honestly think it's

Unknown Speaker  49:00
something very

Speaker 3  49:01
personal, you know, you beliefs, very deep beliefs. But to me it was

Speaker 1  49:05
like how many of you have had repeated had to repeatedly reinforce giving yourself permission to do stuff that maybe most people would just go do? Another person saying you're being selfish. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well, the person that helps me say yes to things that I wouldn't say yes to the most of the war.

Unknown Speaker  49:42
couple a couple of years ago,

Speaker 1  49:44
Yannick silver told me we're going to Antarctica. I thought that sounded great. I would have never even lobbied for it. It's very expensive, very engaging and very far away. Or it's like, oh, you should do that. And we had a discussion just the other day I said, You know what you're looking we are

Speaker 8  50:02
generous. Because we're talking about whitening I sent her on a cruise. That's right. And so, so, you might, you might need a little help from somebody in your life to kind of nudge you in that direction. So

Unknown Speaker  50:18
I believe Kyler do we have we have a break here? I think we're running a little over on time. Is everyone okay with a five minute break? Like honestly? All right, let's go ahead and do a five minute break by 335 All right. Perfect. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai