Unknown Speaker  01:13
Good morning.

Matthias Miller  01:15
Hey, good morning Tori. Are you doing all right? How are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  01:22
So well? I appreciate the ham. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  01:27
Yeah, you're welcome.

Unknown Speaker  01:30
That was very powerful. I didn't know what to expect and that big box would definitely be used.

Unknown Speaker  01:40
That's great. Good morning, Michael.

Unknown Speaker  01:48
Morning, Michael.

Unknown Speaker  01:48
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  01:50
Good morning. Hi, good morning

Unknown Speaker  02:10
good morning, Marisa.

Speaker 1  02:12
Hey, everybody. How's it going? Good. How are you doing? I'm doing well. I'm pleased to say I feel almost like my normal self again. So thanks for

Speaker 2  02:24
all the encouragement. As good your sound and better was a restful weekend. Much needed. Good.

Unknown Speaker  02:33
How about everybody else? How's everyone doing? I'll have a good weekend.

Speaker 3  02:38
Yes, it was relaxing was good. Much needed.

Unknown Speaker  02:42
Nice. That's awesome. We have a

Speaker 2  02:51
gluten free eater in my house, my husband's gluten free. And one of his deep loves in life is pizza, which is full of gluten. And so we actually had this really exciting experiment where he made like four different recipes, pizza, using gluten free flour. And I think he cracked the code. We actually enjoyed a very delicious like, Detroit Deep Dish style pizza that tasted like a normal thing. I was looking for it. So I was so proud of him. I was like

Unknown Speaker  03:27
So what was the key component?

Speaker 2  03:29
You bought this really expensive flower that comes in this brown bag? And it's like $18 for two pounds of flour. And I think that was key. I think that specific type of flour that he bought was the key. Yeah, I know. He would probably explain it much better. But he also had a couple of other techniques. He tried from some YouTubers who was watching about adding oil and making sure it could rise. It was just this whole thing. So he was determined. He really was I mean, Tori this is like, he loves me, but he also loves pizza quite a bit. It was a need in his life he needed Yeah, it was fun. It was a fun experience.

Matthias Miller  04:27
My parents used to own a natural food store, or at least you know, actually the food store and part of it was natural foods. So some of the specialty diets to kind of kind of caught my attention. Some of my family never, some of my family were on at least reduced gluten diets at some at some point and never a strict gluten free but those types of things can be a real challenge to navigate, meditate, or things like that, that you can totally take for granted until like no

Speaker 2  05:00
It's so true. I've never thought of foods things or food allergies or anything for the longest time. And now it's like kind of a daily thing. So you get used to it.

Matthias Miller  05:12
Yep. Interesting. All right. Well, Michael, I got your list of stuff you send over. Curious room, Tori and Marissa, were the things that you guys wanted to talk about, that you do on your list to talk about this morning.

Unknown Speaker  05:34
Do you have anything where?

Speaker 2  05:40
Well, something popped in my mind was just the V Keishon times for all of us coming up this week, and just making sure things flowed smoothly. So just maybe to touch on, you know, Matthias, while you're out if we have any technical questions, kind of the best pathway to take those. And then also wanted to make sure that, Michael, I got your feedback on, you know, whether or not we want to be placing calls to folks on Friday, or just kind of parameters around the holiday, how to approach follow up and outreach and, you know, just kind of what pace you would want us to take. Those are my questions.

Speaker 3  06:27
I do have a question about hours. When are we to submit hours? Is it every two weeks on a certain day?

Matthias Miller  06:34
Oh, yeah, today would be the today would be the date of submit hours. And then just starting every two weeks from from here. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  06:43
Perfect.

Speaker 2  06:48
And those go to RISD?

Matthias Miller  06:54
Yeah, they go to Kristen. And, Mike, would you like to be copied in on that as well? Oh, sure. That'd be great. Awesome. So send them to Kristin, cc like today

Speaker 3  07:10
in shall we put the exact time to do you want to surround down or? Like 510, do you want to surround to five? Or how should we do that?

Matthias Miller  07:26
Well, if you're using here's where kind of comes comes down to woods. See, I mean, it probably it's certainly don't mind using exact times. There's no need to run run down or up unless it makes your life inordinately complicated. We can at some point switch to using timecards within within the CRM. That would be that'd be helpful. Once again, it's hasn't really been super high priority. The thing about using the current clocked in clocked out mechanism is that you don't really have a way to control this round robin. And so you may actually want to like Tori for you, when you're when you're covering Saturdays, you may actually want to clock in Friday evening so that you get those leads routed to you for Saturday. But but it doesn't let you but that mechanism doesn't currently let you edit times. If we use time cards and assists you would be able to edit, edit those times and we would just use whatever precise times and perhaps even automate reporting. So mostly looking for something in a short term solution. So okay, exact times are good with me unless it's inordinately complicated.

Speaker 3  08:57
Okay, I just wanted to make sure I was doing everything correctly. So that works.

Matthias Miller  09:01
I mean, really all that Kristin needs to know is as far as paying you is total total amount of time worked for that period. Okay. Although it is it is helpful to see that see a bit of the schedule

Speaker 4  09:28
circling back to your question, Marissa, that you mentioned a minute ago about Friday's maybe expound on that for another 30 seconds to just confirm my

Unknown Speaker  09:44
Sure, yeah. So Friday's the day after Thanksgiving.

Speaker 2  09:46
I know I'm actually going to be in the car for the morning. We'll be driving from Ohio to Michigan that morning. And I wanted to confirm how you wanted us to approach not only Thanksgiving But you know, we'll have Christmas coming up as well, as far as pending leads and follow up and just kind of what do you or the dealers recommend? I know, sometimes people are more available over holiday weekend that are not working. And then for others, that is like the last thing they want to be doing is, you know, discussing a sale or purchase for something. So just wanted to get some feedback on how to approach the weekend. You know, do you want us all on the phones trying to get people on the line? Because it's Black Friday? Or are we taking it more casually that, you know, if a lead comes in, we address it just like we would traditionally and then maybe pick follow ups up the following Monday? I wasn't sure.

Speaker 4  10:47
What's what's your what's your reading on that one? Matthias, do you have an opinion on that?

Matthias Miller  10:58
Well, I yeah, I have heard, you know, unformed. And well, I have an untested opinion. I think I think it's impossible to really know without actually asking people. And if we have new leads coming in over the holidays, then it's quite possible that they're going to be open to talking on talking on Friday. But for you and for existing leads.

Matthias Miller  11:36
Honestly, I would, until we find out otherwise, I think it's reasonable to try following up with people. And on Friday, if we, you mentioned you were going to be out. But you know, if you would be in to follow up with him, then. I don't know. I don't have much of a context for getting close to Christmas and New Year's.

Matthias Miller  12:13
Like, you've actually got probably got a better, better sense of that. But things really slow down around that time. From what, from what I've been seeing, is that right?

Speaker 4  12:22
Usually, usually after after New Year's, yes. Usually January is when January, February is when things slow down, typically, obviously are going to not let it slow down. But if there's going to be a slow, slow time of the year, definitely, that's when it is everybody had just went through the holidays. They created a pile of debt. It's all spent. And now reality sets in it's cold. It's you know, it's just sort of the trend. Now, it seems like the weather does have some effect on that as well. So especially in the south, where the weather can vary a lot you can have during the ground, or you can have any 70 degree day. And based on on the weather it can it can vary a lot. But I would say from looking into history, the observation is probably an observation. I would take Mathias of what you spoke about. I think it's reasonable people do shop a lot on Friday. Will they be shopping sheds? Maybe maybe not? I guess it all depends. It seems like probably. Historically, we have been open on like Friday and Saturday. And there's historically been a bagel a be open. And I would say probably average sales probably in those days. And I don't know, maybe at some given point, maybe it makes sense to try something down the lines of a Black Friday, like something and see if that makes like a difference in how people think. I don't know. But typically, Christmas, we're always closing Thanksgiving and Christmas.

Unknown Speaker  14:20
Right? Okay, well, that's

Speaker 2  14:24
a strategy. I will be in the car like I mentioned in the morning on Friday, but I'll have internet access by the time lunch hits. So I'll do my best to keep an organized morning and then just be able to take tackle those calls for the latter half of that day and be able to see what kind of feedback we get from folks on Black Friday, which will be exciting. Good to record to for this team to kind of know what is that like would people are? Are they home shopping too? Are they out shopping what's going on? So we could try to figure that out. It'll be a good experience. And then Matthias when you're away, you know missing your family? What would you like us to do if we run into any questions with assist? Like, no Tory mentioned this morning, there was leads that we redistributed? What would you like us to do if we run into a crisis?

Matthias Miller  15:15
So number one, as far as leads, redistribution of leads, let me get you. I'm going to email or actually, I'll just drop this in discord. And even better yet, should go to the wiki anyway.

Matthias Miller  15:35
I'll give you guys a report that whoever whoever the leads were assigned to that you can reassign it to that you can reassign those leads that way you guys have some control over that.

Matthias Miller  15:56
As far as other types of questions if there's some kind of shows showstopping or if there are technical questions, I think the I think the online sales, Discord is probably a good way and either I am going to have some availability. While I'm out, we're gonna be traveling, actually, Tuesday, Tuesday and Wednesday, as well as Monday. So we're gonna have some, potentially some availability over that time. And even throughout Friday and Saturday for Friday. Yeah. So I think I think online, I think the discord channels, great. I don't plan to be checking my email. And so it would be the best way. If, if there really is a things are down and we can't do anything. I certainly don't mind text or email to, to my cell phone either phone call to my cell phone. have a problem with that. Dwayne would also be doing may also be available to handle some of those things.

Speaker 3  17:15
But is with Marissa being out? Well, goodbye. Traveling on Friday. Would it be better for me to work on Friday? Or Saturday? I'm open to either

Matthias Miller  17:31
I don't really have an opinion on that.

Speaker 3  17:43
I'll just go ahead and work on Saturday, then. Just keep the normal schedule. Oh, yeah, that's good.

Unknown Speaker  17:49
Okay. Give us a Z.

Speaker 2  17:55
I have a hunch that your Saturday will be busy. Tori. I just have this kind of feeling that that is going to be a busy weekend.

Speaker 3  18:04
Yeah. It looks like this past Saturday was really busy. For sure. With all the leads that came in, yeah. Saturday seems to be a pretty busy day. So I'll keep that schedule at Saturday.

Matthias Miller  18:30
All right. So there's there's the Wiki article that has the link to reassigning leads. And same for Saturday. I don't know exactly what plans for sure will be for Friday and Saturday, but I think it'll be. Yeah. As far as questions and, and such. We're sure. For sure. Some stoppers out might be being available for that.

Matthias Miller  19:02
Good. Mike, do you want to switch over to some of the things that you were talking about? Some things on your list?

Speaker 4  19:16
Sure. Yeah. Sure. If no, yeah, sure. You're talking about the little list I sent this morning. Yep. It is inspiration. Sometimes you have inspirations in head when this morning that wanted to toss out there and see how this approach would be if we were to test this approach with customers see what the response would be. And having as like as a core focus maybe surrounding a question and it can be tailored in wordsmith in a certain way and tested to be the most effective, but I was asking me the question, why the customer? Why buy from truepoint? There's so many shade companies out there. And why buy from truepoint instead of somebody else? And I think is a fair question because people have options. And a lot of them do shop around. So why Why buy from truepoint? And that's our compelling message that makes so much sense for a customer to say, Oh, I'm gonna buy over here. So there was four little points that have been rolling around in my mind. And I know we've talked about this first one of the list was, was a customer satisfaction guarantee. So it seems like if we can guarantee something that's bigger, I know, we talked about this already, but maybe tweaking the message just slightly. But if we can offer something that's failing, that is something that applies to pretty much everyone. I think it's a great message to preach. So why don't we had a message with like a tagline sort of customer satisfaction guarantee, is why you would buy, and the tagline of don't pay until we deliver your shed. So now, we can do that with RTO. And cash sales financing is the only one that's a little bit in limbo there. But I think we have a legitimate, we would have a legitimate message and reasons there to talk about that. Because now it applies to rent to own and cash, it doesn't matter. There isn't there are not many companies out there that will want to deliver your shed to the ones in which is bitter competition, don't pay until we deliver a shed is something that's going to make those companies probably as nervous. As a cat you know, when the room filled with rocking chairs, so probably not going to happen really quickly or easily. So if we can offer something as a smaller company that we're comfortable with. And it's going to be make the other companies nervous, I think all of a sudden we have an edge that the customer wants. And set us aside. So whatever message was Oh, and here I'd like to have a little input but crafting the message to bring us up to the point of why would you buy it from us Oh, are what we offer. And the message I like to have there as a test out some is Bush Customer Satisfaction Guarantee, we guarantee you will be happy. And pay until we deliver your said once you see your shedule you confirm you're happy and then pay us and push that point. I'm not sure should that be posers should that just be a verbal thing. Maybe if we post it, everybody's going to see our private little message. If we just use it once we get on the phone, and either text or verbal, whatever portray that matches, and then we can have our own little secret recipe. And also, we're going to make sure you're happy by offering these free site checks. So if you are having any reservations questions, we offer this also come out and do free site checks. If I could do more research and that with addition, but that's something that basically a company relations to do. It just adds time energy costs to this whole thing. Let's just wrap this thing up, get it to sale made move on. And I think it could be something that if we just put this out there to everybody, Satisfaction Guaranteed. How are you going to do that? Oh, don't pay until we deliver your shed and we offer to come out for free and check your site, make sure everything is going to go smoothly and fit for you. And put us out there where probably most people don't want to mess with also a crazy one. Now we talked about Matthias you want to talk a little bit about the idea on the on, on. Talking in prices are the objections there for

Matthias Miller  24:35
so one of the things verses that you mentioned for especially on tiny homes and those types of things is the timeframe. And we're also hearing similar things from Indiana where people are are saying yeah, we are interested but we're not looking for anything until until spring etc etc. And one of the things that we could do that we'd be, we'd be interested in your feedback. And it's certainly interested in tests and seeing how people respond. But you know, one of the challenges with waiting, I think people are definitely warming up to the fact that things are not, the economy is more turbulent than it's been in the past. And people are familiar with the, with supply chain disruptions and pricing changes and things like that and offering them a to lock in their building price. Even for a future delivery date, something like a 20% down payment or something like that, to lock in their building price, and guarantee that if they're looking at Spring, that, you know, it gives them a couple of months to, to nail down, financing or whatever else is required, will get the land if there's those pieces that are required. So this is not fully formulated, they don't know what all may possibly go wrong with this. But giving them the opportunity to lock in that price and guarantee that we will we will, we will we guarantee, we guarantee that you will have this this shed for this price. By then. Even if there would be price, you know, price increases or etc. So that was part one. But then part two is also legitimately there are a lot of people asking for looking at buildings in the spring, and mentioning that that there are a lot of people looking at buildings in the spring. And if and I guess inviting them to, to go ahead and get their place in line. So they can for sure get their building at that timeframe instead of waiting until after. And instead of waiting until the spring rush

Matthias Miller  27:13
President eloquently dressed eliquid description Well, that's the that's the that's the idea.

Speaker 4  27:24
It seemed like from the sales team that that question kept coming up. We want one but maybe not until spring. And so just some, I think really some ideas to approach those objections. So I like it. And then the last one had in the list was something you've, I think are doing well on is, you know, the quality and the features that we're able to provide. So it did notice the average dollar sale in the forest hills that you made is higher than the average or average, if we take the average for like a year. It's more like 7500. Before that you sold was it like 10 fives. So that was exciting that it seems like the quality features shine through in that definitely offer. So yeah, I wanted to get some feedback on that. What's your thoughts on that? If we would craft this, this approach for a little time period and approach customers and just see what how they respond and see what what they say if we were to approach them in that way. In these in these ideas, what's what's your

Speaker 2  28:44
satisfaction guarantee, I think is one of the nicest ways to kind of set ourselves apart. Position A company, just from my experience in the business world, having someone not have to pay in advance for something that they haven't seen or touched is an exceptionally strong selling point. And can certainly help close, especially larger deals much smoother, because you're building that trust with the customer that you're going to deliver on that. We have a very simple message of satisfaction guarantee. I noticed on the website currently, if you're on the homepage, there's a three point kind of value proposition premium construction, customers design satisfaction guaranteed. So it sounds like we are just building off of satisfaction guaranteed with a clear message that we can share on the phone sharing emails. I'm really emphasizing that what does that mean? From like a practical perspective, you know, what is that satisfaction? What are we guaranteeing? How are we guaranteeing it? What does that mean to the customer? Like you said my goal rent to own and cash. You know, what does that mean? Well, it means you don't pay us anything until you like your building. Keeping it simple for them, I personally really have enjoyed sharing that with people on the phone and have found that it's very, it's received very well. So I think it does add a strong competitive advantage against other companies that maybe aren't offering it the same way. If there is language, I can send over what I've been sharing an email for you to kind of proof and see if that reflects the messaging that you would want to continue to see. And if you have any critiques to it, by all means, you know, send, send me edits, so that when we're blasting through those emails, Torian are doing a good job, I think of streamlining some of that communication and getting templates established. So we can modify that template. Matthias, when you were mentioning the hurdle Sorry, I'm pausing here to collect my thought. The hurdle for the future time seems to be specific to either a tiny home buyer, or a person that's looking for storage, but they're clearly wanting to wait till spring because they have another project they're working on. I've had, I had very good conversations on Friday with people in both categories. So our tiny home client has a longer lead time, I think the potential of them locking in their price would be very good. Say they want to purchase a tiny home in the fall of 2023. Because they have all of this, you know, land and permitting and things that takes time to establish, if we have the ability to kind of create, like a soft contract with them that if you buy from truepoint, we will, you know, the price that you're looking at today is the price that you would pay in the fall next year. I don't know if we want to actually kick that building into the pipeline for the builders. But even if we had some general language, we could present them you know, something to sign like almost an agreement of when you're, when you're ready to purchase, you'll be purchasing from us. You agree to that. And we agree to, you know, locking in your price that for your quote that you're looking at today. I don't know how long of a runway, we can sustain that because of the variabilities in the marketplace, but maybe it's six months, you know, maybe it's something along those lines that we can say, you know, safely six months truepoint can afford to take that risk. If they're a spring buyer, and they're not acquiring land and doing all that other shenanigans I do you think we need to be more I know, I need to be more poignant in describing to people that they can schedule and kind of select their time for the spring in the configurator, so that they're not calling up in April and then having to wait until August. So that they could maybe select a time in April and then maybe potentially even begin putting payments in our hands for that building. You know if that helps them out, too. So to me, I think that I need to refine how I'm explaining that a little bit better. But I don't think the price match matters to those folks as much as the tiny house people are there. They're just very long leads, because they have a lot to get lined up. That's just my feedback. Tori, I will have you back on that as well. Because I know you've had those conversations too.

Speaker 3  34:00
Yeah, just to give my feedback as a whole I definitely think that the customer satisfaction guarantee is really good. It shows our confidence in our product. And I think that really eases the customer's concerned not having to pay until they see that shit. And also the free site checks I think that's good as well. Some people you know, they might have I know I've had a few people that are worried about if the shed would be able to be leveled on their on their site and things of that nature. So I think that's a really good thing to offer as well and will set us apart Russa as to what you were saying as far as securing a place online I think that's good. That would be a good selling point for people especially them knowing that a lot of people are looking into spring I think that will drive a sense of urgency to try to secure that spot so I think that's where trying out

Speaker 4  34:59
one come I'm here on ahead, Matthias. No, go ahead. Oh, just one comment ahead about locking prices in. I think it is a good thing to try. I think there is a line probably. Yeah. But as you were saying that exactly where we're at how far out can we commit to? And we don't know, with all the volatility, what you know, will transpire. And so I think there needs to be a line from where it really historically, it's a little bit more predictable over the winter. So we typically know a little bit more what happens, then we do throughout the busy season. And so it seems like we have not nearly as much of a risk of going through the winter, from now until spring, as we would have going forward from there. So as a test period, it would seem like maybe being able to utilize this and try this from now through the spring. And spring, what is spring? Maybe? Maybe April, maybe. And so, seeing what, how people respond to that. I don't think I would be too nervous. People once and seeing what happens. You see, Matthias that being off of a and if timeframe.

Matthias Miller  36:46
I mean, from what I've been hearing, though, the the spring buyers are less concerned, aren't really concerned about locking in price. It's the tiny home buyers that this might be an issue for and tiny home buyers are, are a longer? I mean, it is a long sales cycle. So yeah, I think the question, you know, if I had to take a step back, well, and so realistically, if we're going to offer price guarantees and tiny homes, we're gonna, we're gonna go past the volatility period. And so one of the questions would be, is, there's two questions I would ask just to address this problem number one, taking one step back and saying if we wanted to get a lot to to get brand loyalty and or some form of commitment from if we wanted to increase the likelihood of tiny home buyers coming back to us over that six month period, and not forgetting about us, and forgetting about the benefits that we have to offer, what would that be? So that's kind of taking a step back and and bigger, bigger picture question. Or number two, if we did a price match, you know, some kind of price lock in, what would we have to do in order to guarantee that, that at the end of the day, truepoint is still happy with whatever they guaranteed six to nine months prior? And I don't know if there's a good answer to that.

Speaker 2  38:16
Yeah, just to kind of isolate the two different customers, a spring buyer, I think we as a sales team, just need to refine how we go about securing their slot and emphasizing that spring gets busy, and they need to schedule it now. sign an invoice and get it in the pipeline for the spring, I don't think we really need to stress to a spring buyer that's looking for a lawn and garden shed, that the price is locked in, I think we need to stress to them, you need to lock in your date, or you're not going to get a building in the spring, it's going to be the fall. But if you call us back in May, so I think we could do a better job. Just verbally explaining that to them without offering too much. But then the tiny home buyer to your point, Matthias if they are there a very long lead potentially, you know, nine months to a year for folks to start the conversation, acquire land, get their permitting, get their financing in order and then buy the building. If we at a certain point along the way can secure they're coming back to truepoint for that building. That's completely on someone else's shoulders to make that decision, but I think we could present them. A, you know, this quote is good for just a longer period of time. It may not be nine months, it might be four, it might be a quarter. But currently our quotes say that they're good for two weeks. So if there's something we can work with that particular buyer to let them know this price is not going to expire. I think it will at least help us quell some of the competitors that will rise up and try to take their business during that timeframe, because it's a long time for them to then have exposure to other shed companies and other tiny home offerings, that they might feel confident coming back to us when that, you know, when that trigger pulling time is ready.

Speaker 4  40:29
It's a fair point, I think it should probably take just a little bit more iteration and thought, that piece if we're looking at more of a long game type thing here. So good, I would say great feedback. This is how we better understand what the customers are saying what they're looking for, what the needs are out there. And as we can arrange our portfolio in the right manner, it seems like so sure.

Speaker 2  41:02
Michael, maybe it would be helpful to have, it can provide you real people with real quotes that if you want to see the price of their buildings, or the style building that they're shooting for, if you feel confident in guaranteeing a price on one of those buildings, it doesn't have to be universal, I think we could kind of target some more people that we know are serious and say, Okay, well we, we know we can deliver on this building and nine months from now at the same price, there might be a different style building that we go, I'm sorry, we can't guarantee that because we have no idea what the cost of wood horse is going to be or vinyl siding, but you chose a metal building, so we feel confident that we could guarantee your building because your building was metal. So I don't know, I just didn't want it to be so universal that we rubber stamp everyone. As opposed to I have like five tiny homebuyers, you could take a look at the structure what they want right now and then kind of yesno them and see which ones you'd be comfortable guaranteeing for a longer period of time.

Speaker 4  42:04
It would seem like maybe a good next step would be give me a couple minutes over to review be great and then maybe also the current sort of satisfaction guarantee thing that you're utilizing and make sure that we have a message that we feel is the best most compelling you know we want to do to try to get it out there in front of people upfront and get them to realize the difference you know who they're dealing with here then that can other people at the contact

Unknown Speaker  42:39
yes

Unknown Speaker  42:45
I'll send those over here this morning.

Matthias Miller  42:51
And make a note is more of a conversation for you and gave as far as what's your willingness to but we can also keep track of how many of these quotes we stack up and maybe there is it's a question for you what level of risk are you willing to take even as an experiment are proving it out but if you're wanting to see whether it has an impact you can we can we do it case by case and then we can draw the line based on we've got 10 quotes out and that's you know or whatever that point is good

Speaker 2  43:35
Jan learning of inspiration, all those different ideas that came out of the the early thoughts

Unknown Speaker  43:44
good stuff, indeed.

Speaker 2  43:48
Minute, compose those messages and send them over right away so there's time to review and back and forth is needed.

Unknown Speaker  43:58
Okay, well good. I look for them on my email and on already.

Unknown Speaker  44:07
That's good. Appreciate. Appreciate it. Thank you. Well,

Unknown Speaker  44:10
thanks, guys. Have a good one. You


Transcribed by https://otter.ai