Speaker 1  00:48
Right. Good afternoon. Mark gave

Speaker 2  00:53
a hot afternoon I thought you were going to be dark basically, is it? When does the darkness start? Darkness starts

Matthias Miller  01:05
Well it starts tomorrow. And maybe sometime later today, if I can get everything squared away, they need to square away I'm traveling. Yeah, we're traveling. We're driving to drive into Indiana for Thanksgiving.

Unknown Speaker  01:30
All right, we're in Indiana.

Speaker 1  01:33
Goshen. Ah. So you'll be back here. We'll be in Calvin's backyard. So I can't make any promises, I should at least find out where he's gonna be at

Matthias Miller  01:48
Friday and Saturday, but kind of the way these things work, unfortunately, is you try to cram as much Well, fortunately, or unfortunately, cram as much mainly stuff in as you absolutely possibly can. So I don't know if

Speaker 1  02:03
I have to get up before the crack of dawn or something that if I want to go stick my head over there, but

Matthias Miller  02:16
that'd be great. I would love to swing by if it works. We'll see.

Unknown Speaker  02:25
You good.

Matthias Miller  02:26
Well, Kristen is not here yet. But I talked about jumping into vendor invoices. And what I would like to do instead is just unless Mark unless you've already done this, read through it.

Speaker 3  02:45
I kind of embarrassed that. I did, but really, really fast. And I do have questions. So I like to some point go through that I should have blocked out more time. And I did send you a note why shield review on migration. Just my thoughts there but

Unknown Speaker  03:13
sure. But

Unknown Speaker  03:15
yeah, wherever you want to start if you want to start a different dumping ELLs first. That's where you think is

Matthias Miller  03:26
best. So yeah, I mean, I think they can send you and this needs to be there, Nick. send you an expert for you guys to work off of I don't think that's a problem. But then we'll need a way to feed it back in as far as a one time event. Yes. But keep in mind that we're going to have if we're only doing this for buildings and finished goods inventory, that we're going to have all the historical buildings that don't have the appropriate breakdown are really the breakdown between production labor and production overhead. And so, one thing we could do for those is treat all previously sold buildings, you know, it's just in terms of how we want to fill these out. Treat all of those as having zero overhead and just take the current

Matthias Miller  04:45
to get what we call it. inventory amount. Finished Goods cost, though. The finished goods costing as a split between materials late We're in zero overhead

Unknown Speaker  05:03
Hi, sorry. Sorry.

Unknown Speaker  05:06
Welcome, welcome

Speaker 3  05:12
so what that would do is define moving forward but want to look at any history or pulling reports using history then you would not have that

Matthias Miller  05:29
right? All of those reports would would show zero Yeah, all of those if we ran reports on those buildings all those buildings would show us having zero overhead which we're going to have if we I mean we're not going to be able to record all those sensibly anyway unless we go back and actually do migration for those as well

Unknown Speaker  05:50
yeah, we'll have it at some point in in so you'll use the same fields or every building the ones that we don't

Speaker 3  06:11
older ones that we don't buy the information for you get just like you said you would just use the existing materials number the existing labor and the

Unknown Speaker  06:25
labor production overhead zero is there if if we if we later we said well, we want to look at

Speaker 3  06:43
all of links sold in 2022 or 2021. And we would take the time to go through and recalculate manufacturer prices on all of those and then same recalculate all those numbers that could

Unknown Speaker  06:59
be those numbers

Speaker 3  07:00
could be stamped in at some point in the future if some reason we want to buy or would that yeah

Unknown Speaker  07:10
I think well as

Unknown Speaker  07:11
we have said

Matthias Miller  07:16
would you actually want to change the manufacturer total Would you just want to move money from from production labor to production overhead

Speaker 3  07:26
don't think we want it we don't want to change the manufacturer number. I just thought of something that my plan had been to go through and look at all buildings that we currently have in inventory are away as at the end of this year and great manufacturer prices for those so that we have a real so that we have a good value valuation on our buildings we currently have still have an inventory. I think that makes sense. And I think that's still definitely want to go the one thing that I did not think of until just now is if we change manufacture prices on those buildings, then it will change numbers on weekly build sheets and it will make historical weeks look like billers had more or less production and you manufacture numbers so I think what I'm the right thing to do is export those numbers and any we won't be if we have to recalculate manufacture numbers that outside of okay, let me let me use some real numbers. So let's assume we are we are going to have a building from 2018 That was at that time when builders produced it it had a price or a cost of $4,000. Now when we go to never calculate the manufacturer price on its own now when we got what that means extra prizes, it might be like $5,000 And then we do our percentages to get our three US goods inventory. US but I think when we have you upload that I think all it will send back to you is keep that $4,000 And the other numbers are just based off of the $5,000 manufacturer prize number but we're not going to show the $5,000 in just won't know about that $5,000 Because it would go back in history and change a lot of numbers. And I don't think not sure if that that makes sense or did.

Matthias Miller  10:17
Yeah. I mean, if I can say the same thing in a different way, you might calculate new, maybe a new manufacturer price to figure out what your numbers what numbers you want for the finished goods cost. But as far as storing it will, will continue. Like we won't be touching the manufacturing pretzel.

Speaker 3  10:39
Yep, exactly. Good. But then I guess one thing to clarify, is, I'm thinking right now, that's what we're going to update is all Billings and inventory as of a year, probably as of the end of the year. If we want to go back and see all the buildings that were sold in 2022. Maybe in March of next year, that's that's completely fine. Right.

Unknown Speaker  11:15
Yeah. Can't see any issue with that. Good. Yes, that makes sense. No, good. Yeah. What were the questions?

Unknown Speaker  11:33
Me on the migration?

Matthias Miller  11:36
I mean, I think that that takes care of the migration.

Speaker 3  11:49
Yeah, are you? I mean, do you have a preference? If we've done this a number of times just have Nique? Send us these exports? Is that? Do you want them in as Do you? Would you rather do that so that sent them in a certain format that you uploaded, it's all nice and tidy for the upload?

Matthias Miller  12:16
Well, the main thing that I'm going to need is a skin and the big bucket totals, and one way or the other, we can move those things around to wherever we need them. I don't see a big issue with that. The main Yeah, the main thing I would I would say regarding Nick is we do have a materials and labor portion that we auto calculate. And I don't know that that's necessarily available to next index export so that would be useful to you, then we might want to have a different

Speaker 3  12:56
Well, in that case, should I just work with Nick Miller? Here reportedly with those numbers broken out?

Unknown Speaker  13:05
I think maybe.

Unknown Speaker  13:08
Okay, that that would make sense to me at least. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  13:14
So Nick, this is documented in the proposal but there's a building stored inventory amount that has the materials and the labor portion that gets used and we don't have the frozen numbers so I think if you just look at that macro on the detail screen, you can just work with mine for whatever whatever is needed to do so I actually realized I didn't put

Matthias Miller  13:57
so starting from $2, a labor protection And then are you planning that the finished goods cost stays the same? You're just coming up with the breakdown for what that should be on existing finished goods into

Unknown Speaker  15:15
for these buildings that were.

Unknown Speaker  15:27
That

Speaker 3  15:28
massage was that equation for you're asking that question for buildings still in an inventory? Right? Know that that cause will change? It will, I mean, I'm sure it's going to be some higher because we have production overhead, or we don't see your for production overhead, the way we're calculating now. Makes sense. Good. Mark, what are the questions I provide those? There's no problem. I provide those values, those numbers as values instead of percentages off of, say the manufacturer price.

Unknown Speaker  16:14
Yeah, that's fine. Perfect.

Speaker 3  16:20
Good. Well, as far as other questions on your cover, you said I was still like continuing my concept of accounting impact Delta transactions, main differences that we are not planning, this would be a wildly revamp. I think the best thing is just to browse through the, at least for me to just go through the proposal. And I have some questions here and there that I think will

Speaker 3  16:49
have, is that you go with that, or do you have into actual costs, I'm looking at 3.6 on three actual costs will be sorted and FDA, FDA actual costs record with the following fields. History year, like alright. Okay, is this on the accounting side, like on the balance sheet?

Matthias Miller  17:23
This is independent of the balance sheet. So things from the balance sheet would have to be transferred over into here on a periodic periodic basis based on what the actual costs are for that period.

Speaker 3  17:40
So okay, so what is what does this do this, this portion of it.

Matthias Miller  17:45
So on the building record, or on the on the building on the building record we have, so we're starting, we're storing the standard and the actual cost of the building record. So we could theoretically, just have a process that says, go look at the balance sheet, and go stop the actual costs. Here's the period go stop these actual costs on these building records. Rather than doing that specifically, we have this in between step where we're taking the cost from the balance sheet and putting it onto an actual cost record. And then storing that on to the building. Building record. I guess we could question whether this is actually Oh, go ahead.

Speaker 3  18:58
Oh, so this is not section we're talking about this is not this would mirror the balance sheet, not the individual building record.

Unknown Speaker  19:12
That is correct.

Speaker 3  19:16
I'm sure there's reasons why why we would need this. I think you were just ready to talk about that. I was thinking that this would now only be listed on the balance sheet. And whenever we go to like the we do reconciliation, then we would look at the balance sheet. Difference between those and data did but go ahead with your thoughts on why why we will have

Matthias Miller  19:54
Oh Well, we could I didn't really give much thought in questioning whether we actually would have to do it like this

Matthias Miller  20:17
effectively what we could do?

Matthias Miller  20:36
I mean, if we were looking at the balance sheet, we're basically looking at everything under that on your balance sheet pulled up that you had everything under production overhead, except for the overhead the inventory. account. Set, right. Yes.

Matthias Miller  21:18
But we still need a way to keep track of well, let me ask this. We had talked earlier about having multiple periods within a year. Are you still thinking of of that? Are you still? Are you thinking that we will actually only do this? Will we do this as a year to year to date? It's one single year period?

Speaker 3  21:48
No, I was still thinking multiple periods. So this would would keep track of of the multiple periods where the balance sheet would necessarily, right,

Matthias Miller  22:01
that that is correct. So the only thing that we could say the one thing that we can look to automate is the period cost here. We're currently we're saying and currently, we're leaving that up to somebody to manually go calculate what the period cost was for that period. That would be a piece we could at some point automate. But yes, we do need a place to track for you. Period End dates.

Speaker 3  22:36
Okay, so this would be place to store obviously, you have your your district year categories, and that could be the subcategories as well, not just the big three categories. But the subcategories underneath that. But

Matthias Miller  22:55
it's only big buckets. Little buckets only matter on the balance sheet.

Speaker 3  23:07
True. The cost percentage with which that would be what were what we were using for that period. And then okay, then you have update billing records buttons, the actual billing causing default the most. So is that is this a manual process where accounting would say, okay, update billing records, and it would pull the actual costs off of the balance sheet,

Matthias Miller  23:50
it would pull the actual costs at this point, it would pull the actual cost. So it would be manual process accounting would calculate the actual cost for the period would input it here and then, and then apply the calculation across all buildings in that period, now we could we could change this. And we could Well, yeah, that's as it stands now, but I'm quite open to adjusting those news.

Speaker 3  24:36
So what you would see a manual process accounting would say if we say, okay, let's reconcile accounting, would look at all the little buckets with any, just like we looked at the other day, look at the total of all the little buckets, the total of that bucket to inventory. And if there's 15,000 hours more actual than what has been allocated, then they would take that 15,000 and enter it here, like the start date and date period costs would be 15,000. And then once they say a bit billing records, then it would apply all of that to each individual, individual billing record got it? Yeah. Yeah, that that makes sense. clear on that. And he's good. Now the next one 1.4, finishes inventory, financial allocations, each team is able to configure so accounting company, accounts receivable account or an income account? Walk me through those, I'm not quite

Matthias Miller  26:13
sure. Yeah, so we need to know which account I mean, you, you could theoretically have multiple accounts receivable accounts if you wanted to, but effectively, you need to know, we didn't know which each oversaw each district will have a separate accounting company, accounting company, so anything that's pretty straightforward, separate set of books, but we needed to know when, when a building is sold, and there's a balance on it, which account you know, the the AR account security, that balance when we have a down payment before the building is sold, where does that present get carried? That's the unearned income account what's the bank account that gets tied to what's the income account it gets tied to and on down the list so then I guess as far as those go, so I mean, most of these are basically going to have the exact same is just going to be called accounts receivable and unearned income and, you know, whatever your bank account is, and you know, pretty straightforward

Speaker 3  27:39
accounts receivable would be okay, this is just saying we can call the accounts receivable account, like we can break it down into multiple sub accounts or number them, name them whatever we want to.

Matthias Miller  27:52
Yeah, you can even call accounts receivable receivable you can call it the money that we're trying to get from our customers rather than rather than arguing it as a fixed name, we're just making it out here.

Speaker 3  28:10
You're saying you're not hard coding these with no without coding.

Matthias Miller  28:14
Now these might be hard coded so you, you basically create whatever account that you want. And of course, you're going to use the accounting practices and naming those but then when we configure it here, we need to know which buckets you know which things get put where and this would let you configure where where those things get get assigned to

Speaker 3  28:38
with these like the accounts receivable would that automatically if here in this section, we're now in the accounting software right?

Matthias Miller  28:52
This is a bridge between the accounting software and in the assist.

Speaker 3  29:05
Okay, here's where we configure it. And then it'll be reflected on in the accounting software. Is that right? Yep. And will like the accounts receivable number will that be automatically updated by by events that happen to the building? Yes. Added

Matthias Miller  29:38
multiple roles so then, as far as classes are concerned, we'll be able to select classes that are defined on the accounting side and be able to say, well, any building that matches this criteria should go into this class, or any building that matches that criteria should go into this underclass.

Speaker 3  30:09
Okay, here's the one node you have the building cannot be reassigned to a different class after it's been built

Unknown Speaker  30:22
Why are

Speaker 3  30:23
the ask why it can't be? In? reason I'm asking is because there are there are sheds when we build them, we don't know for sure, are they going to be sold? Say retail or to a wholesale customer? Or that might change sometimes?

Unknown Speaker  30:45
Does that?

Unknown Speaker  30:53
You have thoughts on why it shouldn't be changed? And

Matthias Miller  30:58
are you are you using? Are you using classes on your balance sheet? for finished goods? We

Speaker 3  31:13
haven't gotten that far honestly gave are you thinking we would have classes or will we? When you okay, the way you have it structured now. Our intention is to use classes obviously.

Speaker 2  31:26
We talked about that the other day? I think it was Friday. I think we had concluded that. classes on the balance sheet is a Sunday project but not actually. Actually. We were just talking about Yeah, we were talking about something else. Yeah.

Speaker 2  31:55
What are we complicating by doing that? I mean, there is some value there. I'm not sure.

Matthias Miller  32:03
The biggest thing is that moment when we think through what the complications are.

Matthias Miller  32:26
The slight difference is that we're slightly complicating the accounting impact. Because if something moves from one class to the other than actually might be more than slightly complicated, but then suddenly moves from one class to the other, then we need to we need to handle that move. Although we could do this as a separate reconciliation transaction, sorry, I'm kind of thinking out loud here. Where your first reconciliation would be, go bring this building as it stands now into the right class and then be go fix up the class into the right amount and if we go that route, it's actually not terrible.

Speaker 3  33:42
It Well, the Okay. This is one thing we haven't clearly mapped out yet. Or it's not clear in my mind, but I don't think that we're just talking about allocating one of the three big buckets and up to the point where it's jet is built that really doesn't matter. We I think we may be talking about something here that that actually doesn't apply now that I mean, our materials are going to cost the same regardless of type building regardless who's buying it. Folks, no overhead is going to be the same. And labor is the same with I guess with a slight caveat in a district but

Speaker 3  35:01
Here's what I would say Matthias is, is, leave it just like you have it right now I want to put try and put my thoughts on paper, I think, given I need to talk about that. I mentioned that my email I had sent Friday about that and think through that a little better before we really this is good the way it is now. Unless I'm missing some something that's blaringly obvious to you gave no.

Matthias Miller  35:36
Okay, I am slowly, maybe just need to start my inquisitiveness. And move on. It sounds to me like you don't know the class until it's been sold. And so the option is either either we don't assign classes. If my assumption is correct, which then it sounds like we need to either be able to move things from one class to another, or all balance all of these on the balance sheet, we'll have to when it whenever it's on the balance sheet, it will have to be under one class. And when it gets expensed out it's going going to have to be a different class. Either way, we're going to have to handle this situation.

Matthias Miller  36:37
Maybe you're missing something, maybe we don't know what we need. But it seems to me that what we have now doesn't actually work in any scenario. Well,

Speaker 3  36:50
a really basic way of looking at it is saying, well, we don't know what class something is until we sell it, like assume accounting were in a brick building with no windows and they had no, they would just all they would see would be the sales or once it's been sold. And I think the defining factor would be bought the building would be the customer was and also the type of building those two the way we're thinking of classes right now that would define the class. But until then there really is no class. I get what you're saying with that.

Unknown Speaker  37:44
Go ahead. Sorry.

Speaker 3  37:46
I mean, if we keep it that basic week, we could say, well, classes are not on the balance sheet. They're only on the income statement.

Speaker 3  38:06
If we treat it that way, what's the flaw in what you have designed? Currently?

Matthias Miller  38:12
Nothing. I think that works then. But then it can't be assigned a different class after it's been sold.

Speaker 3  38:32
And how will we define classes when it's sold? Like by customer or by? Is that a manual entry?

Matthias Miller  38:40
We will, will come up with rules. And you're going to say that based on this field and the sales order or the building record, that should go in this class. And we'll configure configure it that way.

Unknown Speaker  39:08
Yeah, good, good here.

Matthias Miller  39:13
Awesome. Whatever point we went, Okay, so then, so then we have the the SGI accounts where we have cost for each of the categories. We map from the source account, where does this come from? Destination account? Where does it go to? What's the expense? What's the cogs expense account? And what's the cogs variance account? So for production labor, we're okay.

Unknown Speaker  39:40
Got it. Got it.

Unknown Speaker  39:47
What section are we in now?

Matthias Miller  39:49
FDA financial allocations. I don't have the number in front of me here. It's the

Unknown Speaker  40:00
3.6 point 1.44

Unknown Speaker  40:02
thank you yes

Speaker 3  40:09
I have nothing else on that part Matthias cover good keep going so we're down to 3.6 to one billing costs and FTI breakdown section to billing record it would be an embedded spreadsheet with a category and a cost our amount was date cost actual variance on the basis list of standard costs or actual costs that's what we talked about Thursday right my little mock up where you're saying

Speaker 3  41:18
which one was used for accounting or which one was used at the time to share with so yeah, accounting costs the dollar amount standard cost

Matthias Miller  41:46
come using a slightly different way of describing this because it makes it easier from the software standpoint to think of it in these terms but still accomplishing the same goal that you were after a proposal

Unknown Speaker  42:06
where are you going to be showing this will it be like if we want to look at one bit building individually

Matthias Miller  42:18
we will need to like you mentioned a so this will be in the building record but this would be I think you mentioned that there's a building details

Speaker 3  42:32
Yeah, let me just here's on a building I'm just gonna shoot this I guess if we could fit it in this is work I think would be ideal but so if you're looking at the example I sent or has it come through already got it. I'm thinking could we just rework that top right corner the pricing section and just show that information there

Speaker 3  43:27
if possible, if you could your if you could have somebody mock something up just basically how that would look that would be but I think yeah, that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  43:50
Nick, would you be able to make a note to mark up the building costs or G zero Sure.

Speaker 3  44:03
I'll send him a copy as well so then, the part where when doing this make sure the following reports continue to aka you're just saying the existing reports continue to function as expected. That would just that would now use the new finished goods inventory number the total of the three in the phone menu dashboards that good. So accounting transactions each line item on an accounting transaction can link to a skin. This will be used to simplify accounting processes validate the number of all skins, debits, credits or zero. So explain to me what that means.

Matthias Miller  44:59
Basically on The accounting in the accounting system in the actual accounting system on an accounting transaction, we can say this transaction gets tied out to a building record. And

Speaker 3  45:13
okay so if we if there's a sale for Adam at a high level, you might have total sales for a font of $100,000 and then break it down into you might have when you break it down into the details, sale for 5000 and then you can trace that back to the actual skin

Matthias Miller  45:37
got it and there's a design reason for doing this rather than rather than saying, when you create when you sell a building, go create a transit transaction with XY and Z, you know, items on it and go correct you know, go out this this adjustment or whatever. I'm approaching it from the standpoint of what is this buildings? This is very similar to what we talked about earlier, but what is this building impact on the balance sheet income statement and then go figure out what adjustments you need to make because it lets us centralize all of that logic and what happens with the building record in one place instead of having it spread across lots of different places and I think it's also going to make it easier in the future if we ever need to need to make adjustments and changes and so because of that we need to be able to say what were all the you know, what are the things that we recorded in the accounting system tied to this to this building record so that we know what adjustments to make

Unknown Speaker  47:02
billing accounting impact billing accounting impact report will show the impact of one or more since two accounting district students walk me through this got lost on one level

Matthias Miller  47:29
so the big question here is when based on a building How should a building in a given state show up on the syrup on in accounting and so if we ignore the existing debit credit and we just looked at this table that we have here on the asset account for any building that is built or sold, then we should have a debit to the bank account of all payments on the sales order

Matthias Miller  48:17
for accounts receivable, okay, okay.

Unknown Speaker  48:23
A debit to the bank account unless there's less there's a remaining balance right?

Matthias Miller  48:33
Well, yes, but this would be all payments. So I mean, if it's zero if we don't have any payments, then there wouldn't you know, the web zero doesn't matter. But this is only for payments not for a bank that has nothing to do with the total

Matthias Miller  48:53
counts receivable when it's sold. Accounts receivable has no impact when it's settled, but when it's sold, then we should have a debit of the remaining balance on the sales order agree on the production overhead the inventory account asset account as soon as you build it, then we should have a credit for the actual cost if we have it. Or the standard cost if we don't have an actual actual cost and this should happen for each each FDI category

Unknown Speaker  49:46
yeah

Speaker 3  49:50
and then now you and are you marked sold as well within the sole wouldn't effect is it would only be

Matthias Miller  49:59
it If you shouldn't have a credit this credit should persist even when it's been sold even when it's been sold

Matthias Miller  50:14
it's it's still credited to the source but it will be accounted for backwards and sold it will be accounted for as a cogs cogs expense

Speaker 3  50:39
got it? I was looking at the built and so columns if they're marked with an X that that means that's telling the status but you're looking at it using it differently than that, right?

Matthias Miller  50:53
It's based on it's basically does this rule apply if the building is built into the building sold?

Speaker 3  51:01
Okay, and you're saying move finished goods inventory, inventory source to the finished goods and like to the inventory whether it's built or when it's in both statuses, right?

Matthias Miller  51:21
Got it the finished goods whatever the destination is only matters while it's actually in finished goods

Matthias Miller  51:40
that's only when it's built that's the standard or actual cost for each category unearned income when it's built it would be all payments on the sales order would be credited there so that's how the bank account gets credited for that amount when it gets sold the income account would get credited based on the sales order total and then the expenses should clarify this is the accounting of the expense once it's sold, then we would debit the accounting cost for each category and then also debit to the variance account the the accounting variance for that as well.

Unknown Speaker  52:35
Now on the annual on earned income

Unknown Speaker  52:42
that wood

Speaker 3  52:44
building is sold like that would also pose to unearned income even if a building is a building is sold but has not yet been billed. Like give a world customer come in and today

Matthias Miller  53:07
but sold means I'm

Speaker 3  53:09
looking at this got it so so means oh what we're saying is

Matthias Miller  53:21
good point. So we might actually have that's actually that's a good point. So we should actually let me maybe rename these columns, we insert column, insert a column here and so so this is on the bank account, it should happen anytime the accounts receivable happens really can't happen anytime. I mean, no, it's actually this is after accounts receivable happens after delivery. After build after build before delivery, unearned income happens anytime before delivery right. Income Account is after delivery cogs expenses after delivery variances after delivery

Speaker 3  54:36
now yet on the income that after delivery or at the point of delivery, or week, we've considered income the same day it was delivered right. Right.

Unknown Speaker  54:50
Now one thing we haven't wow that was the what when I don't think we need to spend a lot of time on this but how does this so

Speaker 3  55:05
deliver a building today the customer hands the hauler a check for the remaining $5,000 balance and all of that information gets uploaded and assist assist says paid in full how do we make sure that that that we actually collect that $5,000 Then that what we receive in our federal bank transactions match that is does the accounting software have another step to reconcile? Yes.

Unknown Speaker  55:38
Okay. Yeah, correct. Yep.

Speaker 3  55:43
Okay good. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay. The next section actual building costing once a building cost has been buildings, this will run on a process that will save a cost All right, and all buildings doing that that means one of the three big buckets right the FDA

Matthias Miller  56:20
Oh, that should be FDA category cost category that yes

Speaker 3  56:29
a period listed period end dates defaulted today. Okay. That's what we talked about Thursday, defaulted today, but if we say actually we want to go back month, then it would change the income statements from that time but if we say today then it would apply the variance for sold buildings on income statement today or likely for to be reflected on the November an actual cost the old buildings in a building cause calculator report to help with this it prompts explain the building cost calculator.

Matthias Miller  57:50
Yeah. So basically, so so. Okay, what we're going to do, first of all, is give a report that says, given this district all the other prompts that you had up above will effectively all this prompts but given a district FTI category, starting in date, and a total period cost, show me what the buildings show me the building stin buildings build date, manufacture cost and the FDA category cost and so basically, it would be a report that shows you the weighted average well yeah, the period cost as a weighted average relative to the building's manufacturer cost. And then all that the automatic process does is show you these prompts, and save that category cost as as an actual cost on the building and building it.

Speaker 3  59:05
So the cost calculator is a report to help before we would actually reconcile.

Matthias Miller  59:12
Yeah, the main reason for including it is not necessarily because you have to run it but so that if there's any questions about how the cost calculation works, we have almost like a diagnostic report at it.

Speaker 3  59:31
Okay, fine financial reconciliation. So, the first part there assists will automatically rank and file the accounting system with the building records. This is done by linking each line item to a building record determining the building's current impact to the financials. Bringing the building's total expected impact to the financials.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:26
What are the Okay?

Speaker 3  1:00:29
Is that calculating that number that goes negative that? Yes, buildings are built. up production to inventory amount

Matthias Miller  1:00:54
this would this is basically taking the year, I think this makes sense to reorder a little bit

Matthias Miller  1:01:10
this is basically taking the building accounting Impact Report. Which to take a little bit further. So, part one of the building, the building accounting Impact Report is saying, given this building, what should have happened to the balance sheet and income statement. And then it's also a question it also shows in the columns, you'll see the existing debit and credit, and the difference credit and debit, which should be debit and credit. And it's it's also it's not just what should have happened, but what actually did happen and what needs to happen. So, for this building, given what has changed on this building, given what's in the accounting system, giving given the impact that it should have based on on the building. And then given the distance, the difference, this is what needs to happen, what needs to be updated in the accounting system. So then the reconciliation process is just a matter of whenever a building is built or sold.

Matthias Miller  1:02:19
Actually, it's more than that. Every time a payment is made, every time an actual cost is applied, then we would go ahead and immediately reconcile that building against the against the accounting system unless it's sufficient to to have just have this happen daily and make daily adjustments to accounting.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:56
So what are we reconciling

Speaker 3  1:02:57
the difference between actual and standard costs? We're showing that in live or in real time, every time something happens that that changes.

Matthias Miller  1:03:09
Okay, on the billing accounting Impact Report, we have a we walked you through all the expected debits and credits for a given building. But that might not actually be what is in the accounting system. The accounting system might say for example, if we, if somebody makes a payment, and we reconcile then we would, we would debit the bank account as indicated. And that would go into unearned income if the building hasn't been delivered yet. And then if they come through, so we reconcile that one time. Let's say they make a payment of $500. And then they make a payment of $1,000. Well, now when you rerun the accounting Impact Report, the bank account has an existing debit of $500. But the sum of all payments, the total for all payments is $1,500. Do you have an existing debit of 500 expected debit of 1500 and a difference debit of $1,000. And so the building accounting reconciliation reconciliation with the accounting system would look at that and it would create a debit of $1,000 in the bank account and a credit on unearned income also for $1,000 Because that one would also be off by $1,000. And by doing so the the accounting system is now in sync with what is reflected in the accounting system is in sync with what we said the impact of the building should be on accounting.

Matthias Miller  1:04:59
That makes sense still confusing?

Speaker 3  1:05:04
I feel like I'm slowing in seeing into some of these things. I feel Yeah. So have some questions. So is that are we talking on a single billing record? Now? Or are we talking on a company?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:22
Level? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:05:26
the thing is kind of like a it's kind of an It depends. It depends. I mean, if if you're recalculating actual costs, then I mean yeah, it effectively happens on a on a per it effectively happens on a per building basis. If you're if you're applying actual costs then the actual cost is that we do this for lots and lots of individual buildings within that time that were affected by the actual costs

Unknown Speaker  1:05:55
all Okay, so what this is doing so if we if say a customer brings in a is his balance on his shit? And that's recorded in on the sales order in in assist or in the invoice then that would trigger the accounting system to

Speaker 3  1:06:31
immediately flagged that transaction or are they building as sold when a when a building is delivered? It would immediately change the income account change the finished goods inventory reflect what has just happened right Am I speaking about that correctly?

Matthias Miller  1:07:05
Yes. So yeah, I don't know if it's worth digging into this or not, and it may be a matter of nuance, but the difference is, instead of saying, so we could approach this whole thing by saying that every time you make a payment and the payment is before you can have specific rules that happen every time you make a payment every time it's whenever it's built in whenever it's sold. And whenever it's you have all of your different rules for what needs to happen at what at what point of time and instead what we're doing is yes, we know that anytime a building is built, sold ie delivered payment is made or we apply an actual cost that something has changed but we're basically saying something's changed go figure out what needs to be updated in accounting the accounting system and go go make it match what it should be.

Speaker 3  1:08:10
Will this process be like it should work for whatever we sell or a window to a walk in customer or we sell

Unknown Speaker  1:08:28
a pieces of OSB to a neighbor that that would all some of those things that won't follow the typical rules or act does this give us enough flexibility to process these are would those be done directly in the accounting software?

Matthias Miller  1:08:58
Well your question then that thing about that so?

Matthias Miller  1:09:25
Would you handle this if you?

Matthias Miller  1:09:42
My current plan was to tie these out to buildings and that other invoices that are not tied to buildings would not automatically be impacted. Those would be done manually

Matthias Miller  1:10:13
however so then what should we get into is did not think about that well

Matthias Miller  1:11:15
so if you have a sales order it effectively means you need to run these off of buildings and sales orders it's in both buildings and sales orders

Speaker 3  1:11:47
yeah there's I mean the majority of the sales are going to be honestly off of buildings but then there's also going to be a fair amount of a small percentage that

Unknown Speaker  1:12:01
sales orders for

Unknown Speaker  1:12:05
like the examples I just gave things of that

Matthias Miller  1:12:17
I think ultimately what we want to do is split this into

Matthias Miller  1:12:31
building and a sales order accounting impact I think the only thing that really matters for building so what we handle on the building side is when a building is let me back up all payments would be handled on the sales order side and actually, this would split fairly cleanly, so you would have the cost I think on the building the building record would handle the FDI source and destination in the cogs expense and variance and the sales order side would handle the bank account AR and an income income account

Matthias Miller  1:13:33
and the basic process would be almost identical but we just split it out split it out with that

Unknown Speaker  1:13:45
you're saying the building record would would contain a building record that's why would move here a lot of good things from a good inventory to Augs. And the sales order would in the income amount would read off of the sales order and cogs would read off of a building record

Speaker 3  1:14:31
so how would we like I don't know that there's any other way other than a manual process. If somebody buys 20 pieces of OSB and we create a sales order for that. And the cost of that was $10 apiece and we sell it for $15 Our call could be at just one piece. Our calls on that could be hours of work. raw materials? And any ideas on how we'll handle that? Mainly?

Matthias Miller  1:15:10
I mean, at some point don't too

Matthias Miller  1:15:18
high or low? At some point, don't you want to tie that into IMS as well?

Speaker 3  1:15:32
Well, ideally, yes. I'm just not it. I think it would require a manual process for somebody to say this. Or this sales order, we use X amount of views this many pieces of this SKU. And then that would so if we tied into IMS, that would also lower inventory, just like if we build a shed. Right? That would be ideal. How? How do we do that? Or do you have? Is that clear in your mind, a good way to handle it? Note that we collaborate with with Josh to see how we're currently supporting inventory transfer transfers where we're moving inventory from one location to another. But there's no dollar amount. No money changes hands. So we're simply and wages from point A to point B. It would be different.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:49
By labor different from that?

Speaker 3  1:16:52
Should we I mean, is that round to we should should focus on buildings first and then do that later?

Matthias Miller  1:17:00
What percentage of your orders are like this?

Speaker 3  1:17:06
Thoughts on that vinyl structures? Probably does? What I am sure vinyl does more than any other percentage of your orders would be.

Speaker 2  1:17:25
All right, I was I was out for a minute with a guy that was fixing the phone system, as a percentage of the orders would be what?

Speaker 3  1:17:34
That are not for sheds. What for vinyl structures? What percentage of your sales orders are with the or overhead doors or things other than you mean like that you're selling to other people?

Speaker 2  1:17:54
Okay, are you talking per transaction or dollars? Or I mean, I mean, like, like, what percentage of the invoices that get rolled up? Or what percentage of the total sales in a year

Matthias Miller  1:18:10
percentage of invoices.

Speaker 2  1:18:14
Versus Well, the percentage of invoices that get rolled up would be small. However, when there is one, it would typically be very large, a very large invoice maybe $100,000 or something. But percentage of invoices wrote up would be? Maybe

Unknown Speaker  1:18:39
Yeah, like if you sell 100 shares. That timeframe? How many?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:49
Sales Orders probably probably to two or three. But some of those could be as I said, very large.

Matthias Miller  1:19:05
I'll give it an in that case, you could you could do a manual inventory adjustment. I mean, okay, this is a hassle. So let's be clear, but you can create your sales order. You do manual inventory adjustment, and you could do a manual journal entry to transfer this out of raw materials into whatever expense account it needs to go into.

Speaker 2  1:19:41
And how would that I mean, when I say the big thing that this is going to be used for is things like a pole barn or an on site building. Affordable would probably get hit with this on a two story or at that point we'd be manually making a material list right and

Speaker 3  1:20:16
Gabe I think we're we're thinking about this slightly differently I think it will handle pole barns and to stories with a little bit of manual work we still have manufacturer price and all of those and we can I'm thinking we can change our managers if we have the ability messiahs on something like that, you know, looking at a pole barn saying rather than being standard costing rate, it's a different rate just for this one building is there an easy way to stamp that in when that building comes for the system?

Matthias Miller  1:21:07
I mean, we could let you do that manually but then what happens in the allocate actual cost is actual costs need to get adjusted different from the manufacturer costs

Unknown Speaker  1:21:18
Well, that's true. I mean, if these are I think that's why we gave in I need to mock up some examples of how

Speaker 3  1:21:33
going to think about classes we just got done earlier today saying that we won't handle classes on the balance sheet. This would be a case for why we should

Speaker 3  1:21:52
I'm just thinking if we let's for the sake right now let's assume that standard rates are sufficient for the situations what what I was asking about gave was if somebody buys 20 pieces of OSB or a door or a window or a T handle something like that those are going to be more difficult all marinara to sorry because the reason I think like that as soon as we get the bill of materials to where we're using bill of materials then we can just make sure that that bill of materials list is irrelevant of what we want we're using an A like a pole barn or a

Speaker 2  1:23:03
Okay, so the the the the two sides of the pole barn we would just be taking a number out of materials we're not breaking it down like so many 66 is in so many two befores Oh me too

Speaker 3  1:23:23
but not until we get to filler materials no we don't have a way of doing that

Unknown Speaker  1:23:35
understand

Speaker 3  1:23:41
but on smaller things like say Vonk of of OSB a handful of two by fours windows or sales like that

Unknown Speaker  1:24:00
somehow there we would probably have to just create a manual material list

Speaker 3  1:24:05
that's what you were saying this I was doing a manual inventory adjustment and then a journal entry but how often like out of 100 sheds sold. How many sales orders do you have for items like that at Vinyl structures? And for every 100 Chad sold on it

Speaker 2  1:24:39
not not 20 I mean 10 Barely. I don't even know how many shares gets sold in a week. How many shares get sold in a week.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:50
In a week's time there may be maybe can intervene Yeah, I'd say, more than one a day, maybe two a day or some one or two a day probably.

Speaker 3  1:25:14
Okay, so there is a decent volume because we have $120,000 week that's 15 shared so well, Matthias, do we have a better way of I mean, other than just starting doing it manually, just like you, like you said, I believe little nervous to try and map out a more automated process before we start using it

Matthias Miller  1:25:48
sounds a little painful at that volume of transactions. But sales order does not currently map to does it know there's no

Speaker 3  1:26:18
I mean, the only thing that we really are concerned about is is pulling. right amount of raw materials out of inventory and applying that to cogs. Right.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:37
thinks, I think so.

Speaker 3  1:26:41
There could be a little labor a little overhead, but thing to be very minimal. It's mainly the raw materials. And the problem is there's no internet. I mean, it's not like, there's no way we can really standardize that. So I think if we have a, I'm gonna say, a basic checklist for whoever's making the sale, then sent that to

Speaker 3  1:27:11
counting or IMS to have those updates made I think that's seems like that's all that week. And do starting it

Unknown Speaker  1:27:24
sounds right.

Speaker 2  1:27:30
Now we could, we could all of this that we're talking about comes out in the wash when we do an inventory comp. So we could experiment with this, I don't see how accurate it is. But we could come up with a percentage that these one off typically are and just use that percentage of sale price every time I mean, it would be a and then when we get to the end of the month, we can see what our variance is. I guess we won't know how much of that variance was in the one off versus shared because the same inventory count will will reconcile both of those I mean, it could be it could be that we can come up with a percentage that's accurate enough that it's not worth the hassle of creating ETL materialists when everyone else fail and maybe not I don't know would there be a way of experimenting with that?

Speaker 3  1:29:03
Don't think we'll know until we get started with it really? So. I mean, you're right if we just got it as a variance we won't know how much of it is because of that or how much is because we're all on our standard costing for sheds. I would be fine with just starting in with the manual process that that you proposed Matthias and just always a little nervous about automating a process before doing it manually just because I didn't know what to automate if you don't

Matthias Miller  1:29:57
read okay, this reason is one of the Question on a sales order if you sell a building and it has miscellaneous items and discounts are those items and discounts all tied to the same income account or do any of those need to hit other line items

Speaker 3  1:30:24
gave I know that I mean you've listed those out on your yellow icons list I know you're wanting like the discount for those we're wanting those to break out on other accounts

Unknown Speaker  1:30:41
you mean the discount we offer to a customer yeah

Speaker 2  1:30:47
he I think we do that seems kind of valuable to see how many discounts we're doing is that complicated

Matthias Miller  1:31:03
it's not complicated it just needs to be defined okay okay and then the follow up question is and then as far as as far as inputting these sales orders as a partial solution to have

Unknown Speaker  1:31:50
them hit the bank account AR

Matthias Miller  1:31:56
and income accounts do you want them to do you want them to hit those accounts or No? Or do you want that to be manual as well? These one off sales orders

Speaker 3  1:32:17
is there a reason why we wouldn't want them to be automated think of I was thinking we would want them to be automated but just like sheds

Matthias Miller  1:32:32
I can't think of a reason we wouldn't want to but just want to make sure we're on the same page

Speaker 2  1:32:38
is this this manual process that we're that we're doing here? Does that allow us to better percentage for one officer no

Speaker 1  1:32:55
this one offs that I'm talking about our I want to sell a door but not a shed it's different than ever so solid pool blue pool building

Speaker 2  1:33:05
right so for the door are we going to be able we're going to sometimes we're going to someone walks in by the door sometimes somebody walks in and buys a unit of OSB sometimes somebody walks in by the van sometimes somebody walks in and buys pizza weatherstrip sometimes somebody does when are we going to be able to use a percentage like let's say we determine that well you know we pretty much add 10% all of that so let's just on a one off let's consider our raw materials to be whatever that is 90 EDI whatever are we going to be able to do that or not

Matthias Miller  1:33:56
well what I heard Mark opposing was if we're going to do that let's do that in the future but yes, we could

Speaker 3  1:34:06
and I'm thinking now we could have a manufacturer price on every one of those and by default would be same as the sales order price or be X percentage less and then we probably get into good things could get messy if we try to roll those into reconcile

Unknown Speaker  1:34:33
Okay, so if I was envisioning it would be a percentage of selling price. What is the alternative? Like what what is the manual process look like?

Matthias Miller  1:34:50
Well, okay, first of all to your point gate, if you do if you if you create an accounting adjustment, but don't create an inventory adjustment then you nevermind, maybe I'm about to make a nonsensical comment. manual process well, okay, so we're gonna automatically apply this going to apply all of these to a, some kind of non building income account, I'm assuming, or maybe maybe it is in your buildings income account. I don't know how you guys do it, but we're gonna assign these two income accounts, etc, etc. That's all fine and good. If we Yes, here's the problem. So we could then do a, so that then the correct manual process is let's go find the right skew. Let's do an inventory adjustment so that we don't account for this and the other way. And then let's do and then let's make a bad accounting adjustment as well. If we go with your proposal, gape, and we don't also create an inventory adjustment, then we're going to to increase the cost of all buildings built within that period by that same amount.

Speaker 2  1:36:09
Okay, I don't, so someone just walked in. And he bought a bunch of USB 76 pieces at $10 apiece. And I charged him, I put 10% on top of it. So I charged him $10.10 What do I do next?

Matthias Miller  1:36:31
So you So you started on my fancy Democrat and my finger memory is not working,

Speaker 2  1:36:44
but you know, way, way, way more simple than that. Sorry. I just wrote up the invoice and the guy walked out the door who's I have a check in my hand manual invoice in my hand and a check.

Matthias Miller  1:37:06
Well, the if you have a manual invoice and a check, then you submit that to I'm gonna assume you submit that to accounting and say, Hey, accounting, I just sold this go squared away. And then the question

Speaker 2  1:37:33
and then and then I had the queue on there. So accounting is going to look at that SKU and then go into inventory. And look at what the cost is of a piece of USB, look how many I sold. And

Unknown Speaker  1:37:52
then they are going to manually do the credits and debits stuff to move that inventory from the asset account on the balance sheet into cost of goods sold. Would that be correct? Yeah. That would work and that would be more accurate than the percentage thing. All right. Well, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:38:53
I'm pretty, pretty deep in the weeds here.

Matthias Miller  1:39:02
It's also a lot of work for accounting. We've had conversations before about how much work we're creating for accounting.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:21
You're concerned with the workload that that would put on the county right.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:29
Well, it's I'm raising it as a question

Unknown Speaker  1:39:35
Are you concerned about that or do you think that it's

Speaker 2  1:39:44
a little bit yeah, I mean, a way to simplify it, I think and I don't know how accurate this would be but if programming is not prohibit It is, we could make all these invoices where we could just have a percentage. And then if we sell something like I just described in, we set the percentage at 90%, or whatever we believe are typical cost of goods is when we sell something like that one off, like depending on the margins, and then instead of making sure we put the correct SKU on there, and asking accounting to find the SKU, go in there, find the cost, calculate the amount, do the adjustments, we could set it to where all of those invoices just I mean, all the credits and debits happen but it's just based off of a percentage of the sale. So accounting within just create the invoice in the system. Enter the amount and submit it and then 80% of the amount before sales tax is the is what it says goes grabs here takes there ching ching ching ching either one works. I mean, the first one is probably as long as accounting follows all their procedures meticulously is probably going to give us a more accurate number the end probably

Speaker 3  1:41:41
wondering if we couldn't set it up to where we have a basic checklist Stephen sees all the sales orders for sheds anyway every day Wow. And all of that work could be done for him in his office the inventory adjustments and they simply sent that information off to accounting then

Unknown Speaker  1:42:04
like if we could do something like that it wouldn't be accountings workload a whole lot well I mean the other thing the way you Wow

Unknown Speaker  1:42:39
go ahead and as I as I'm sure you have if it is if it complicates it then I would say let's start the manual route and then

Speaker 3  1:42:57
prohibitive y'all all that then that point we can we can look at automating it but I don't have a strong opinion.

Matthias Miller  1:43:14
I mean, I think I think you know by sheer necessity we might need to one question I do have if we're if we are automatic medically creating entries for for income I'm going to assume that these will these have will these have a separate income account and what well yeah, will these have a separate income account? Versus

Unknown Speaker  1:43:43
Oh yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:43:47
And is there one for buildings and one for everything else? Or is the busy everything else have multiple income accounts that the following

Unknown Speaker  1:44:01
there's going to be multiple multiple ones.

Matthias Miller  1:44:06
So can we just make that entire process be manual? Since we don't even know exactly which income account the sales order itself is going to fall under? Yeah, we can Well, the fast

Speaker 3  1:44:34
we're sorry, we're pushing away over 90 minutes. Go ahead and pull us out of the weeds and wrap this up. Tell us what what next steps

Matthias Miller  1:44:49
I mean, yeah, what we've got left is the manual process and make written migration i There are a few edits that we need from here. So I am no longer certain how much we'll be able to get done by end of day I've got quite a number of things that are needing my attention if you guys are comfortable with what we have here and comfortable with my notes I think we could start development on this or I don't even know if it's really worth it's probably not actually worth much I wonder if the next the best thing would be

Matthias Miller  1:45:55
I don't know. Let me let me let me see if I can do a final recap of what we talked about here make these these Outlast edits and see if I can still get this out to you guys today. And if so, if we if we get a sign off we can start we can start working on this working in this direction

Unknown Speaker  1:46:20
your thinking today is what you like

Matthias Miller  1:46:26
well, if I include LS on the if I include Ellison to email and you guys include him in the sign off

Matthias Miller  1:46:37
then yeah then as you guys can, as long as he's looped in on the sign off, that's all that's required. Nothing more would be required for me at that point.

Speaker 3  1:46:55
Well, what about like accounts payable? Does that do we need to well that need to be discussed in more detail before we sign off here? Does that tie into this at all?

Matthias Miller  1:47:08
I don't believe it does. Unless I'm missing something

Speaker 3  1:47:16
maybe I'm just being overly cautious but part of me thinks that given I need to actually think through and map out the classes thing a little better. And I'm wondering if we could because I'm afraid once we actually do that we're we're going to find five things that we missed here and I'm wondering if we would focus on that until it back and then we do one last regroup if we if long term we wouldn't be better off with that approach but I'm not trying to stall it down maybe I'm just being overly cautious but I would I think there could be value in that

Matthias Miller  1:47:59
there's there is something else we could do one of the ways to handle classes would be to I think it'd be reasonably a reasonably low level of effort to allow you to move a building from one class to another at any given point of time. We're like not a point in time but to yeah to allow the classes to to change and if we if we know we're going to need it we could move in that direction at least some of the specifics of how things need to be moved around. Now if we don't need to need that then there's no reason to add unnecessary complexity to it in the first place so I mean I'm I'm fine I mean I don't I don't personally have a problem waiting until Wednesday afternoon back to to do one less regroup mostly mostly wanted to keep it keep it moving for the whole six

Speaker 3  1:49:27
Well, I guess it's something we don't have time now but I think we should at some point talk about Elotes projections on on timeframes now he said his realistic or pessimistic outlook or projections what those are and fewer see what I'm actually going to, yes, discuss what's realistic? And when when do we look to transition? Yes, basically, what I didn't say is, January 1 is a stretch.

Matthias Miller  1:50:15
Yep. And with that, too, I don't know for sure how much of this Nick is going to be working on. But I understand as this moves into a cis territory that this is gonna involve Nick is Nick as well. And Nick is going to be out for a good bit of January. So. So all of January, actually, all of January. So if Nick is working on this, man, I think there's actually a lot of this that could be done. Like all the FTI configuration, and even a good bit of the costing, he could already start working on with very minimal impact to changes, the accounting impact and accounting reconciliation would be the pieces for him to hold off on. Okay,

Speaker 3  1:51:13
so you're saying, there's no reason he couldn't get started on those even though, you know, if, if we do a final review next Wednesday?

Matthias Miller  1:51:25
There may be some minor changes to FDA financial allocations, but where I would expect to see these these changes would be in the well in the FTI financial applications. How do we how do we determine what class it gets applied to? As well as in the accounting reconciliation? How do we handle moves from one class to another?

Speaker 3  1:51:54
Yeah, I'm good with that. If if what you're proposing is he could start on parts of that. We have another call 30th. Wednesday, and, and get all of this squared away, then?

Unknown Speaker  1:52:12
Yes. Good.

Matthias Miller  1:52:17
I will send you an email. We're putting it together now. And I'm gonna see it drop off fairly shortly here. But I'm going to send you an email with the with the what I propose you guys sign off on. And if you guys are agreeable, then

Unknown Speaker  1:52:35
we can then he could actually start, start working on that stuff.

Speaker 3  1:52:47
Okay. One quick question. Kristen. Gave I saw your emails about all the $100 Facebook charges and Alan's account. But as you were asked about it as well, those those were all heritage and new Ha's charges that Alan was splitting up. Is this something different than than what he has been seeing?

Unknown Speaker  1:53:18
Last or every month?

Unknown Speaker  1:53:26
I'm not totally sure. Is this a question for me?

Speaker 3  1:53:30
Well, some I'm not sure. I just, I was copied on some of the emails in

Speaker 4  1:53:37
there were two charges that declined over the weekend. So Dave asked me to hunt down what was being charged and see if I can fix it. And I emailed Alan and he said that's not familiar to him. Hence why

Speaker 2  1:53:53
it seems like there's a whole bunch of people chasing nobody is quite sure what I thought we were chasing some some charges mark that you didn't know what to do is

Speaker 3  1:54:10
no, I mean, if it's the sheds for sale.com The foreigner dollar charge that has been squared away. Why don't I just give out on a call because it looks like standard fare. The standard $100 Facebook charges that being charged his card.

Speaker 4  1:54:28
Okay, that makes sense. No, I Okay. They were declined. Yeah, no, these are the two that that you got the text that were declined. So I reached out to Alan and he said oh, I don't know anything about that. And then I thought Oh, no.

Speaker 2  1:54:47
Red flag. I thought we were still trying to hunt down the sheds. So that was so what was the deal with the sheds for sale learn.

Speaker 3  1:54:55
That one was their 12 month free promo or ended? Oh, we were being charged for the first month now. That was all new Ha's and we just shut down that account completely. They weren't using it anyway. But we did track down what it was for. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:55:17
So do these charges started recently with the rollout of of truepoint. In Indiana words, is it independent of that?

Speaker 3  1:55:28
The ones I was aware of were independent of that it was up to $4,000 a month that serious creative was actually I think it was the initial Facebook account that is still being used by new hires, and it was being used by heritage was just charging the account in $100 increments. Okay. Or is Is this is this something different?

Speaker 4  1:55:56
No, it's that. That's what it is. That's what it seems like at least I wasn't aware of any charges. And then when to decline, I went and looked and Alan said, No, I've never heard that I kind of panicked because there's a bunch of them.

Speaker 3  1:56:13
Well, you're gonna reach out to Al under you want me to reach out to him?

Speaker 4  1:56:17
Um, you can reach out to him. I emailed him earlier. He said he has no clue what those are for. Okay. They declined, and I was gonna approve them if it was something that we wanted to prove, but then I was not sure what was happening. So yeah, you just have to touch on let me know. Okay. I will do. Alright. Thanks, everyone.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:43
Thank you. Yep. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai