Matthias Miller  00:00
Matthias, welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith and the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host Kevin David kridner, and before we dive in, I want to recap our three rules of engagement. First, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. So Kevin and I believe that love is knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We're not here to win arguments. We're here to understand and then. Third, as you listen to our conversation, this will be clear, we don't come with preset agendas. We let conversations unfold naturally, following where authenticity leads us. So pull up a chair, grab a drink. Let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So Kevin, we we had a hard time shutting down the conversation prior to getting started. Oh. Like, why? I think just be useful, like, just to kickstart. This is a very, the very structured side of me is like, all right, why are we doing this? What is this? And you you actually had some Anyway, I'd love to hear your answer.

Kevin David Kridner  01:08
Why are we doing this? I at least for me, and I think for you, it's curiosity. We're just really curious people. And in the years we've been talking and the conversations we've had, to me, the thread that runs through all of it is curiosity. And in that sense, it's like there are so many things in this world to be curious about, spiritually, physically, emotionally, psychologically, business, like, all these things, like, there's so many things to be curious about. Why would we not be curious about those things?

Matthias Miller  01:50
Yeah, well, and I think one of the things you mentioned too is, is how many people have asked us about ask you specifically about the conversation we've had. I feel like the world at large doesn't reward curiosity. Like our economic system isn't really designed to reward that, and so there's a bit of which this ends up becoming a playground for me, like a sandbox, like I get to be a kid again. I get to explore. I get to be who I genuinely am with my curiosity.

Kevin David Kridner  02:21
Wow. I like that. I like that. The the idea of the sandbox, I imagine it like when I was younger, my dad had six simple siblings, and the younger ones were closer to my brother and sister, and I's age, and so like, during summers and during breaks, they would take us to the beach, and we would spend all day at the beach. And like, that was my, like, that was my that was my sandbox. That was my good time. And so when you said that I'm like, picturing me on the Beach, Laguna Beach, California, just hanging out all day long in the sand, like, and just being curious like, in that that's what picture came to mind. And so you bring up fond memories already. It's

Matthias Miller  03:10
hilarious. I mean, I didn't, I haven't thought about this in years, but my dad used to do the same thing. He would go, he would get a full trailer load of sand, and we had this little small group of trees in our backyard, and he'd back in there, and it was, it was like this massive sandbox, and that we got to play in there. And we we took up waterhouses and have dykes and dams and all kinds of wonderful stuff.

Speaker 1  03:40
So

Matthias Miller  03:43
I mean, one of the core things that we've talked about over the last number of years, like if there's a thread, so curiosity is one thread. I also think one of the most impactful things for me through through time has been the threat of union, which was not a term that I really would have used probably prior to us talking, yeah, what is that like?

Speaker 1  04:11
What is that?

Kevin David Kridner  04:15
How much time do

Matthias Miller  04:18
we have a certain time walk for this time, but there's many weeks to come. So,

Kevin David Kridner  04:24
right? Well, like you ask a question, what is union? I think a I'm I'm still wrestling with him and wrestling in a good sense of exploring the depths of what does that look like to me, it's the concept of we versus I, and as I understand it now, and this could change, because it often does, the concept of we is embedded. Into the nature of existence, of reality from the very beginning, it was a week. It was the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit in this thing that it's the Greek term perichoresis, a mutual indwelling, a dance, a equal submission and respect and honor and and, you know, there's a dance, and that's the best word I can use for and have a dance. And they created everything out of dance, out of that dance, out of that union. They created us out of that union. And I believe they desire for us to be in union with each other and with them and like that, Perry crisis is supposed to continue. And at least as I see it now, all negative things in our world, all evil, whatever you want to name as as that comes out of the idea that we are not we, that we are individuals, and that is on we are on our own to survive. And you look at, in the Catholic tradition the seven deadly sins. These are all sins of me and so for me, the idea of union is knowing and being known, humility, laying yourself down, surrender. I talked to you'll find this hilarious. I talked to a friend on Monday, going through a difficult time, and I brought up the idea of surrender, and she responded, like, no, no. That's like, waving the white flag. We don't surrender, you know, kind of thing. She's like, I prefer yielding. And I was like, Okay, I like that term. I'm yielding to, to what the movement of God is, and that kind of thing. Like, okay, but to me, it's, it's, that's union is, is the yielding, and that the the continuing in that vein of the idea that we were designed for union, we were designed for we and the denial of the idea that we were we had to Do it on our own. So it's the con, the contrast between I and we. Well,

Matthias Miller  07:25
I think, I think the Dan, I'm fascinated by the dance picture, because, like, if you want to compare and contrast, there are people who are who take the dance picture and basically say, Well, you step here and you step there and right. There's not a lot of fluidity in that style of dancing when you're basically a little puppet with strings. That's

Kevin David Kridner  07:45
a marionette. Yeah, right,

Matthias Miller  07:47
that's, this is what I'm looking for,

Kevin David Kridner  07:51
referencing back to Peter Pan, Peter Pan Pinocchio, Pinocchio.

Matthias Miller  08:01
But and it's also very interesting to me, like, our deepest wounding often comes from people who won't dance with us or won't let us dance with them. Like, isn't that some of our if you want to get deep to ours, some of our deepest, deepest core wounds are we tried to dance with them, and they wouldn't let me dance. Do I belong in this

Kevin David Kridner  08:29
or I dance this way, and I was shamed for dancing this way, right? Yes, yeah, yes, and maybe my steps were up. Maybe it wasn't right, okay, but did you walk alongside me and help me develop the dance, or did you shame me for the dance I was doing right? That, to me, is is a core wind. If you go back to the mystics, they don't talk about sin a ton, they talk about wounding, and they talk about the wound of separation, or the lie of separation, and how that dramatically affects who we are as people, our souls. And I really am intrigued with that idea, because we have the doctrine of original sin via the Catholic system and that kind of thing. And I just don't know if I agree with that. I think it's probably the wound that is caused by the live separation and then the effects from that. Yeah, certainly. And can they be destructive? Of course, they can. We've lived in this world. We've seen it. We've done it. Others have done it to us. We're all guilty. Nobody doesn't have blood on their hands. All of us are like pilot at the end, trying to wash the blood off our hands. Right? Yes, but there's no it's i. It has to be more about wounding.

Matthias Miller  10:06
So one of the things I've been fascinated with in the marketing world has been how much gets, how primarily we as humans, react to surface things, tangibles, surface things, and and we've, we've kind of taken the same lizard brain optimization, for lack of a better term, to sin like it's, it's way easier to point to the lie, to point to the destructive behavior, the addiction, the like, you can peel back the layers, and this is basically what you're saying is, is there's an always deep thought around, okay, like, this is layer one, but what happens when you peel back layers 234, and five, right? So, here's the wounding, here's the here's here's the level, here's the the next level of wounding. But if you go all the way back to at the very core, the live separation, the wounding of separation, being the piece that gives fruit to these destructive behaviors that are allowed to sin. Yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  11:22
well, and it's not just a spiritual concept, although it's heavy in the spiritual, spiritual, I mean the faith realm, but within the human realm as well. Like Carl young, the psychologist, he defined sin, and I'm loosely paraphrasing him here, but he says that sin is chasing after that which is not yours to have, for avoiding that which is yours to have, most often pain and suffering. And why do we chase after what is not ours to have, because we feel separated and we want connection? And why do we avoid pain and suffering? Same thing. It goes back to the that lie of separation, and that's one reason why I'm shocking here. So that's why the Enneagram was so fascinating to me, because if you read anything about it, people who have been, who have worked in it, who understand it, that kind of thing, they're saying exactly the same thing, that there is the original wound that is down there at the bottom. And the job of tools like the Enneagram is to remove the layers that are covering the wound so you can actually sit in the wound and feel what it was and understand that wound for what it was in the in everybody that I've read says the original wound is always about separation, always in one way or another, always i

Speaker 1  13:00
It's

Matthias Miller  13:06
like, there's so many angles to this that are fascinating. We've got decades of material to talk about here. I mean, so I was a Colby certified consultant for a number of years. One of the things that Colby theory says is that productive? You can, you can predict productivity of teams based on the the relative distribution of conative behaviors on the team. So in terms of, you pick one of the segments, it's, it's, it's like it deals with information structure, risk taking, intangibles, and so for any given team, as an example, you want 25% risk averse, 25% risk takers, and 50% stabilizers right there in the middle. And, I mean, there's clues buried everywhere that were made for were made for the we, yeah. Yeah. I mean, we've, we've, you and I both have independently gone deep into the realm of loneliness, and it's, it's impact,

Kevin David Kridner  14:09
right? Like, that's

Matthias Miller  14:11
crazy,

Kevin David Kridner  14:12
right? Yeah. Like, what drove us to that deep dive into that, the feeling, of loneliness, yeah, the experience of it,

Matthias Miller  14:30
well. And I think, I think what's weird for me over the, I mean, even over the last number, a number of weeks, I find it surprising that, like you can experience these things and you kind of know what it is, and still have difficulty actually naming like, like, No, what I experienced there was actually really deep loneliness, like a sense of separation from. The world. And, I mean, maybe I'm just naturally, perhaps emotionally unintelligent. I don't, I don't know. It was just, it's very easy for me just to label it as a bad feeling. There's something wrong with the world, and I don't know I, like, I don't know what's wrong. Like, I'm assuming I'm broken somehow. That's the obvious assumption. And or the world just doesn't fit me. It's not made for me. I'm not made for it,

Kevin David Kridner  15:28
right? But like CS Lewis said, right? If I find in myself desires that nothing in this world can satisfy, the only conclusion I can come to is I wasn't made for here. Yeah, and that's a truth that, that I think all of us feel at one time or another. There's times of greater belonging and lesser belonging in that, you know, the that spectrum that we don't feel it to one degree or another, right? Where does it go back to, like, when did that start for human beings? There's an origin story.

Matthias Miller  16:17
There is an origin story. Do uh, so here, here's, here's a fascinating thread in question, perhaps because

Kevin David Kridner  16:30
pull on it, pull on it.

Matthias Miller  16:34
I mean, because Jesus said, Your kingdom come, Your will be done on earth as it is in heaven. And I think there's something I think one of the things I appreciate about maturing is that my relentless idealism has been tempered, and it's much less painful than it used to be. But, but you find people on this spectrum of of relentless optimism, of saying, thy kingdom, the kingdom come therefore, like this ache is going to be solved. And you have the complete opposite end, where this it's almost this resignation of, well, this ache will never be solved. And I don't think prior to us having these conversations, I realized how settled you can actually be on the inside. It doesn't mean that, you know, amidst, amidst the imperfection and amidst the really less than ideal circumstances that we find ourselves in. Sometimes, yeah, but how do you like is that even the right way to think about it this like, should you be thinking about where on the spectrum of relentless optimism you are in terms of the return to union, or is there a I mean, maybe that's not even the right this question makes sense.

Kevin David Kridner  18:08
I think I yeah, I think I understand what you're what you're getting at, where you're going towards. Could could I obsessively focus on where I am on that spectrum? And is that beneficial? Yeah, I think any obsession, aside from devotion to God, is will inevitably end up being unhealthy. Yeah, so it's a matter of measure. Can I be curious about it, or do I have to solve this? Right? Is this one of those mysteries that I'm just not going to understand, or it will take me a long time to understand, and am I okay with that, or do I need to know right now, I think that becomes a core

Speaker 1  19:07
thought experiment,

Kevin David Kridner  19:11
because, like Augustine says, My soul is restless till it rests in you. And so to me, I hear him pointing back to union. And I think traditionally, we would see that rest in you as at some future date when I'm face to face with you. But I don't hear Jesus saying that one here, John saying that. I don't hear Paul saying that. I hear them promising the mutual indwelling Jesus in John chapter 17. Again, I'm paraphrasing, but Father, open their eyes to the fact that you are me. I am in you, and they are in us. Yeah. Or Paul saying, uh. Of Christ in us the hope of glory. And there's so many different references of end, but we almost treat it as if it's not in here and now it's with and so I think that that's a subtle difference there, like and you could go down the rabbit trail for the rest of your life of is he in me right now, or is he just with me? Like you could go down that obsessively and take every feeling, every emotion you have on any given day, and try and discern whether it's an emotion or it's a with emotion or separation motion or like you can, you can do that, and that is a foundation that that is a fundamental prerequisite for any sort of neuroses to happen.

Matthias Miller  20:54
Well, I mean, I actually have a little bit of a visceral reaction about you saying that the only obsession is that any obsession, apart from obsession with God, ends up being harmful, like there's I wouldn't describe what I experience. What I would describe as an experience of union as an obsession. I would describe it as the place of the place in the world that I've found it to be the most like home and the most like peace and the most like belonging. And that doesn't feel to me like obsession. I think if there is an obsession, it's it's almost more like I do feel like sometimes I'm on high alert, like we were talking before the call. I am in a very aggressive season of life with some things that are going on at work, and, and, but, but there's a there's a vigilance, I think, and a thoughtfulness and a mindfulness in which I'm like, is this taking away from Union. We talked about this on one of the calls. I can't remember what book it was. I'd have to pull it up on Kindle, but it was reading a book on Union, and this guy talked about having worked on Wall Street and became a believer and then ended up quitting his job on Wall Street. And everybody was like, yay. Like, what a good person you are. You must be a good Christian. And and he stares in the face, and he's like, no, like, I'm a horrible Christian. Like, the only reason I'm not still there is because I couldn't be around money in that environment and be a good Christian, right? Like, I'm a terrible question Christian, you should applaud me.

Kevin David Kridner  22:45
My friend and I were having coffee yesterday, and we do once a week, and he made this statement, and it astounded me. I've known him for 30 years, very successful at everything he's ever done. And he looked at me, he said, you know, all the success I have have had, like, did I get applauded for, has been out of fear. It's like, it's fear of provision, and it has been my entire life. And so it's my dysfunction that I get applauded for, and I hear resonating of that, of what he's what he's saying there, like, no, like, I couldn't handle being in that environment, and so I had to walk away. Like, that's my dysfunction.

Matthias Miller  23:32
Exactly, exactly, yes, yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  23:42
boy, I think for and I resonate with what my friend was saying, like my dysfunction, my whole life has been a fear of lack of provision. And I feel like, at least, as we sit here today, that my fear of lack of provision has has drawn me towards me having to take care of everything for myself to a lack of trust. I didn't trust other people. I didn't trust God. I trusted trusted myself to provide. And there's been numerous occasions where I believe God has like taken away provision. And I thought it was a curse, but it was, it was, it was beautiful, because it broke that, that that obsession with provision in me and led me back to union and trust with with him, and still working on it, not quite there yet, but like, that's, that's the thing

Matthias Miller  24:43
for me. Well, I mean, I can resonate with that. I feel like, I feel like, I don't know if I can unravel all of this stuff, but I feel like part of the challenge for me has been having, having, it's been really difficult for me to find the right way to think about it, because. There are people who will say that it's all about the kingdom, and there is provision in the kingdom. And so you're walking around looking for a lightning bolt to with, with provision on it. You have the other extreme in which, well, and sometimes just straight up, you know, sit and wait, don't do anything. Provision will come on the other end of the spectrum. You have over functioning, over responsibility, doing everything yourself, self protection,

Speaker 1  25:32
but, but

Matthias Miller  25:35
I feel like part of this journey for me has been I go back to the image of the dance like, I feel like that's so much what it is. It's like, even whether it's like sales comes down to a dance. Um, interact, you know, in a healthy context, it's, it's understanding what you need, it's understanding what it can provide, understanding whether this fits or not, understanding where there's value for for what you want to pay, and vice versa. There's in terms of provision, it's union with God. To me, it comes down to being sensitive and aware to what he would have me to do, and doing that, but not taking undue responsibility, like keeping in this awareness of it's almost more of a question, less of a question even, of what am I doing to am I living my days in a dance with him and in a dance with the other people? And if I'm in that space, it's is the most unnatural thing for somebody who's spent most of his life controlling every single outcome, because it's not it's not the surrender of ambition, in my opinion, but it's the surrender of of tight fisted control. Yeah, it feels very uncomfortable,

Kevin David Kridner  27:02
right? You know, when you're used to doing

Matthias Miller  27:05
this exactly,

Kevin David Kridner  27:08
like, okay, let's pull this finger, but, oh no, that's too much, yeah, but I resonate with that, like, like the tight fist and control, because the fear is so great that if I let go of control, that horrific things will happen. And I've got a great imagination of the horrific things that could happen. I mean, I'm fabulous, amazing imagination on that level. I'm so creative in that area, if you

Matthias Miller  27:43
want, Blaze Pascal has a quote. He says, if you, if you want proof that the imagination Trumps reason, take, take the scientist out on a ledge, over precipice, and let him analyze. Right,

Kevin David Kridner  27:58
right? I it.

Matthias Miller  28:03
But, and I think the other challenge for me with this is that with Union, there isn't an obvious one plus one equals two. It's like, when I'm in control, then if I do this, the end I do this, then this is going to happen. But with Union, it's more it's really around like there just is a deep rooted trust. If I am, if I am dancing with God, if I'm if, if it's me and him, him and me, then the natural fruit of that will be, will be His provision, because he is that. He promises that. But for those of us who have been cursed with cursed and blessed with analytical minds that want things to add up into a nice formula equation,

Speaker 1  28:57
just doesn't work. Just doesn't work. Yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  29:02
because how often in your experience has a plus b equals c?

Matthias Miller  29:14
I mean, do I have to answer that?

Kevin David Kridner  29:18
It's rhetorical. I mean, you can venture an answer if you want. But

Matthias Miller  29:23
I mean, I would like to live in the I would, I would like to continue to appease myself, in the in the delusion that it does. Is that fine?

Kevin David Kridner  29:29
Yeah, yeah, there you go. That's a good answer. And maybe that's what I've been fascinated with. Two parables recently. Um, one's not parable, one's Morgan interaction. So the the rich young ruler coming up to to Jesus, and then the the house built on sand, or house built on stone. I've been fascinated with the house built on sand and how I picture it certain. Not the picture from the that from the Middle East at that time, you know, in that place. But this is my picture. I guess that's this beautiful beach house. It's right on the shore. I wake up, I look out ocean, beautiful breeze, you know, all that kind of stuff. And when the weather is beautiful, it is awesome. No problems whatsoever. My morning bath is running out into the ocean, diving in the waves, fabulous. But what happens when the sea rages and the wind picks up? Like yesterday, there was the there was a massive earthquake in Russia, and we had tsunami warnings all along the coast here, you know, and it's like, what happens when that tsunami warning comes in? Your house is built on the sand, right there. You're in trouble. It's coming down. And I started to think, as I do, along those lines of like the illusion of safety in that place. And isn't it the grace of God that he lets you know in certain ways, very gentle ways, that this is an illusion. This is not safe. All your A plus B equals C thinking it's an illusion. How about we move a little bit further inland, build on solid rock, where, when that storm does come, when the wind does pick up, it's stick here. And I think that illusion that building on the sand is our way, and that connects to the rich and ruler, it says in Mark. And this is the first time I ever noticed this, that he ran to Jesus like there was the language is urgency. He ran to Jesus on his knees before Him, what do I have to do to get eternal life? And I started to think about that. It's actually a pretty selfish question. What do I have to do for to for you, for me to get what I want? And Jesus flips the script on. He's like anything that keeps you from me, get rid of it. And there's this one thing that's keeping you from me, so get rid of that, and Come be with me. He's talking about union, the the rich and rulers talk about transaction. He's talking about union. He lives under this illusion of I've done all the right things. I've followed the rules. I'm successful business, I'm all these kinds of things. What else do I need to do? He's under this illusion that he's good, he's safe. And Jesus flips the scripts on, script on, and says, Come be with me, but you need to do and he walks away sad. I and this is always fascinated me when I read this story, Jesus doesn't chase after him, doesn't try and convince him, give him all the reasons why union with Him is better than the illusion he lets him walk away, and isn't that our human response? Typically, that's been like that. That's been our response, like, what we were just talking about shit, I've got it on my own, like, I can handle this.

Matthias Miller  33:39
And I think, I think when you're even as, I distinctly remember as a kid thinking about people who had really difficult situations, and I just, I remember pitying them. I'm like, That's so awful. Like, like, I sure hope I never have to deal with anything like that. And, and and there's this fear that when the foundation gets tested, that your whole life is going to fall apart and, and it might, it might be that the foundation crumbles. But what I couldn't see then is that, I mean, for some of them, I'm sure they, they, they had faulty foundations. It did. It did break them. But for others, it encouraged them to pack up and move in, sure, and it really is a bizarre contradiction that you can have. I mean, Paul talks about this, you can have people in some of the worst situation. You can be, you know, stoned and left for dead, like, and still be firmly planted on a rock solid foundation. And it doesn't

Kevin David Kridner  34:56
like, doesn't shake you. It doesn't shake you. And if you have your emotions, of course, you're a human being, but the faith is still there. I found the way to be content in all circumstances, rich, poor, healthy, all those same things, that core, that foundation, is union, because you know who is with you in it, who is in you in it.

Matthias Miller  35:31
It's fascinating there, there's, and I think it's, it's, it's key to, it's key to highlight that Paul talks about having learned, learned, learned contentment. There's, there's a learning process in it, and even Jesus learning obedience through suffering.

Kevin David Kridner  35:53
Well, think about this like this struck me on one of my walks last week, with, with, with cause, I'm listening to the Bible as I'm walking in the book of Acts. And it's the moment where Jesus is talking to Ananias, and he says, Hey, there's this guy, Paul. He's in this house in this city. I want you to go and pray for him. And anias is like, I know who that dude is. I'm not going and talking to that guy. He's killing people. Jesus goes, he is my messenger to the Gentiles. And he kind of gives that that paragraph, and at the end of the paragraph, he says this, I will make Paul very aware of the suffering he has to go through for my name.

Kevin David Kridner  36:39
Right? Think about that.

Kevin David Kridner  36:48
Because Paul, Paul is who he is. I mean, this guy is at the top of the religious establishment. A week ago, he's acting as a coat rack for those who are stoning Stephen. And now, in that short period of time after this, this face to face with Jesus and being blind, and then in a nice praying form, days later, he's in the synagogue, preaching Jesus. So the people who were ready, who celebrated him. He was the champion for this group. Now we're trying to kill him like that. His friends have to lower him in a basket through the wall so he can get out of town just like that. Imagine what's going on going through Paul's mind.

Matthias Miller  37:47
It's, it's fascinating to me. I mean,

Speaker 1  37:51
Paul,

Matthias Miller  37:53
Paul was, I used the word ambition earlier. Paul was a man of ambition.

Kevin David Kridner  38:00
Always, oh yeah, that didn't stop. That didn't

Matthias Miller  38:04
stop. But it's, it's, it's almost like where, where ambition and abounds, so the refining suffering must abound also,

Kevin David Kridner  38:14
right, right, right. I

Matthias Miller  38:19
think that's another perspective shift too, in terms of suffering. I mean, we

Kevin David Kridner  38:23
well, think about like that verse you're referencing, where sin abound, grace abound more. Like, where the sin of ambition, let's say, abounds, the grace of my correction abounds more, yes. And when I've heard that verse in the past, I was like, we're sending downs more grace about more like, wow, I'm good. Like, I'm fine, you know, like, like, there's no process in between. That's a different take on that verse.

Matthias Miller  38:50
That is a different take. It's also fascinating. If we want to jump way back to the beginning, you talk about sin and wounding. So we're wounding abounds. Like, like, Here, here's a this. This is like jumping. This is our conversations get for newbies listening in, like, buckle your seatbelt. But, but I think for me, one of the one of the one of the most challenging. You know, I'm quite goal oriented, fairly driven. And I think one of the things challenges for me has been holding such a high standard and giving grace to myself. And there's, there's a sense in which where the deep wounding, looking at that verse through the lens of wounding, where the deep wounding abounds, the grace, the healing of union abounds

Speaker 1  39:45
that much more, right?

Kevin David Kridner  39:50
Well, think about this. This is how our conversations go. We look at we look at. Genesis, and we look at eating of the apple, but there was a wounding before that, when God, when God said, not God, and the serpent says to Eve, Did God really say he creates that wound right there, that distrust, that separation. He's implying it. He never actually lies in that moment. He implies it, and causes her to question and the the eating of baffle comes from that. And then you have this whole scenario where God's walking through the garden in the cool of the day, which he used to do with them, but they're not there.

Speaker 1  40:54
He says, what happened? And where'd you go? And then they start to answer,

Kevin David Kridner  41:03
and each one of them blames something else. The woman you gave me caused me to eat. The woman's like, the snake made me eat. And the snake's like, I'm just a snake. Come on. Like,

Matthias Miller  41:18
what I do? Nobody's responsible,

Kevin David Kridner  41:22
right? Imagine if at that point they would have been like, there's something really crazy that happened. There was this talking snake, and it asked this question. All of a sudden, something shifted in my mind, and I made a bad choice, made a bad decision. What would have happened at that point if they had responded that way? I don't know. I think it would have been different, but I don't know how it would have been different. But think about this. It says like, like in Genesis, it says that God removed them from the garden for one specific reason, because he didn't want them to eat from the tree of life. In that condition, the pain and suffering of separation, he didn't want it to be eternal. So in that sense, it's a grace that He removed him from the garden, yeah? And we want to look at it as punishment, and, you know, all those things like, you know, kids protection, yeah, you've been wounded. We're gonna have to work that wound out.

Matthias Miller  42:40
It's going to take a few 1000 years before we really can do that. Yeah? And even after that, it's going to be a precarious ride for for mankind to understand,

Kevin David Kridner  42:54
because you're always going to have the choice, yeah, you're going to have the choice between union and separation, self sufficiency, everything that goes along on that side, or trust and humility and surrender and union, you're all you're going to have the choice.

Matthias Miller  43:13
I think, I think one of the things, one of my, one of my main, major hang ups with Western theology around modern the modern theology, I suppose I don't know, around sin. I mean, again, there's there's two, there's two spectrums of this. One is the idea that sin is irrelevant, and not recognizing that there, there is separation, when there is separate, like when that we're believing in the lie of separation when we are but then there's the other side too, in which for those of us who, who I grew up in a in a in a religious upbringing that was very sin conscious and very aware of whether we're measuring up. And I think the challenge with that can be that if you don't understand that the life separation lies at the root, then you try to resolve the sin, to restore the relationship, the union, the and it completely gets missed that it's not that, like Union is the answer, yeah, and it's, it's, it's really, ultimately, the the enemy's tactic to get us to keep believing. Keep, keep have us keep our distance, because we got to clean up our act to be there, right? It's keeping us from the very solution,

Speaker 1  44:50
right,

Kevin David Kridner  44:53
right? Well, there's that old hymn i. Can I don't remember the entirety of it, but there's the line, come as you are,

Speaker 1  45:06
come here as you are. And

Kevin David Kridner  45:15
I love the sentiment, and I love the motivation behind it, and both in myself and in other believers, I haven't seen it played out very well

Speaker 1  45:29
come as you are, yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  45:34
and I've seen it quite often like well, we can't allow that kind of influence in our our gathering to I was like, Jesus seems to think it's the sick community who need healing and need this. He says it pretty clearly, having dinner at Matthew's house like it's the sick. We need a doctor, not the well, you know. And so there's, there's that place of come as you are, and you will be welcomed here. And it doesn't mean I'm excusing what what you said or what you did. There's a process that we walk through and that, but we walk through it together, not you on your own. And that is what really, really impacts me.

Matthias Miller  46:26
Was watching a documentary recently, and it was talking about the commercialization of the Western Church, and when leadership training really became a thing for churches here in the West. And I think a lot of that comes down to it comes down to looking for the one plus one equals two, A plus B equals C. And this ties back to inter previous part of the conversation around trust. It's the same kind of trust with it like you have to trust that the answer is within union, within community, within let's walk through this together, and that that truly actually provides an answer. And that's not that that's so counter culture that just completely flies in the face of the one plus one equals two thinking, right?

Speaker 1  47:35
So in

Matthias Miller  47:41
in your experience, then, if it's done poorly, have you had like, do you have stories of windows into where you've seen it done well,

Speaker 1  47:53
yeah, yeah, quite a few.

Kevin David Kridner  48:02
But I have more stories of it being done poorly, unfortunately, both by myself and by others.

Matthias Miller  48:10
Sure, yeah, understood, but it seems to me like there's a I like, I've got friends of friends of mine, and we're, we're, you know, we've been talking about, what does it mean to be like, I feel like, I feel like a number of us have a desire to do things better, but oftentimes there's A disconnect from between the people who actually know how to do it better. Like, there's not, this is said very simply, but like, there's not great role models. Like, who do, who do we have to mirror after? And I think, I think that's maybe at the heart of my question is, is, how do we? How do we? Because I feel like, I feel like there's a lot of people who, who who want, who have a genuine desire. Maybe there's fear mixed in. Maybe there's, you know, there is all this stuff, uncertainty and all this stuff, but there's a genuine desire to say, No, I really want to do it well, but I have no idea what that looks like. The only thing I've experienced is the not well, and there's a lot of that

Speaker 1  49:30
for sure, right?

Kevin David Kridner  49:35
The first story that comes to mind is I met this school principal, high school principal, and Namibia Africa. And we were doing, you know, some mission work there and and helping out with some tutoring and AIDS education, that kind of stuff within the high school. And so he wanted to take us out to dinner afterwards, for. For doing that. That's great. We'd love to spend time with you. So we go hang out, and he starts telling this story of his son, and his son was, I think, late teens, early 20s, and driving home and got in a car wreck, and the other driver was was drunk, and he was driving, and his son died,

Speaker 1  50:21
late teens, early 20s, young guy.

Kevin David Kridner  50:24
And just like that, you can feel the darkness, the heaviness settle over the dinner. And he tells this story about how he went to the sentencing, and you can give the victim impact statement new kind of thing, and he does, and he used the victim impact statement to forgive the guy. Forgive you. I don't know what was going on in your life. I don't know why you were in that place, but I want you to know that I forgive you so you don't have to live in the guilt and the shame because of me, like there is there is forgiveness, there is restoration, there is redemption. And that same darkness that had descended on the room when he told the first half lifted after that. Now that's a very radical example, a very radical example, I think of just recently that the guy who who had killed the four co EDS in Idaho was sentenced last week and four consecutive life sentences, you know, that kind of thing. And I was listening to the victim impact statements, and they were all understandably angry and emotional and pronouncing a lot of judgment, and understandably so, I get it, the judge spoke, and the judge said something along the lines of prison is the vacation, because after you're done there, you're going to hell. Wow. And I was like, I had a few issues with that. First of all, as a judge, you're supposed to be objective, and you clearly are not. Yeah, and I mean, trying to be objective in that situation is a Herculean task. Like I acknowledge

Matthias Miller  52:30
that, understand how hard

Kevin David Kridner  52:33
that is, but it got me to thinking, do you get to make that decision? What happens if God gets a hold of that man, because he he's a relatively young guy. He was the college student himself, so he's got 40, 5060, years. Maybe, what if God gets a hold of him in that place and does something, and he submits, and he humbles himself, and he surrenders, and that kind of thing, that statement out of your mouth that he's going to hell, could, could be the thing that actually puts him in there. Yeah, and so it's like the contrast between those two stories. It's us, and we don't want to talk about that. We don't want to talk about forgiveness. We don't want to talk about mercy and grace and sacrifice. It's like Brennan Manning talking about the the the prodigal son coming home, or Henry, now in his book The Return of prodigal, they both make this point. The father runs to the Son, and the Son has the narrative in his head. He's ready like I've sinned against you, I've I've done, I've done all these things. Just allow me to be a servant here, the father doesn't even allow him to get those words out of his mouth before he falls on him and kisses him, puts the robe on him and puts the ring and decides to throw a party. He doesn't, he doesn't let him get that out. And Brendan Manning says, like if it was us, we'd need a detailed plan of contrition and how you're going to make it right. And we there would be this whole process we had to go through, you know, or Jesus, with the woman who's who's caught in adultery before she even gets the opportunity to say, to lament, to say how sorry she is, or whatever, he goes, you're good. Now we look at that and we go, Oh, she's getting off. Really, there are things in her that caused her to be in that situation that she's going to have to wrestle with. And so go forward and send no more. Stop chasing after what isn't yours to have and avoiding what is yours to have. You're going to have to walk that out with me. But there's no detailed plan of contrition. There's no There's none of that. It's simply just you came face to face with me in this and I see you and I know you, and I'm with you, and I'm in you. That's not good enough for us.

Matthias Miller  55:36
I mean, there's almost a sense in which it's the choice between allowing trying to impose the weight of judgment so that other people feel the weight of it, versus extending grace so that, so that the weight of what they already experienced can have its perfect way.

Kevin David Kridner  56:00
Yeah. Well, you look at one of my favorite movies, The Shawshank Redemption, okay, this guy goes into jail, and kind of unclear whether he did it, whether he didn't do it, you know, the the story, you kind of see images, but he's there, and in the midst of his years, there, you see him grow and develop and change in the people around him. Some of them grow, develop and change, some of them not. And it's this, this, this redemption story that happens. And there's that, that moment at the end where Morgan Freeman is before the parole board, and for years and years and years he's tried to convince him that he's worthy of being released. And then the last one, he goes, I'm not even going to try and convince you, essentially, you're going to make the decision you're going to make, and at that point they decided to release him. Yeah. You know, it's this the maybe the damage that is done to the human spirit when we are caged and and I'm using that more metaphorical than than real life, but like the caging around us, it

Speaker 1  57:25
changes us.

Matthias Miller  57:27
So, so how the next follow up? Curious question is, how does this? What does this look like in terms of speaking to power, narcissistic and or abusive relationships like

Kevin David Kridner  57:53
I laugh because I heard this quote recently. It's I heard it actually in RFK Junior's book, the real Anthony Fauci, but it's a reference to another author, George R Martin, who wrote the Game of Thrones books. He made this quote. George R Martin, it said, power does not cut people's tongues up to keep them from lying. Power cuts people's tongues out to keep them from telling the truth.

Matthias Miller  58:27
Wow.

Kevin David Kridner  58:30
And I see I'm laughing, because I see that in the light of Jesus on trial, the power system was coming against him, and he refuses to speak. He makes very sparse comments, and pretty much the only comments he makes, the most profound, the most impactful to me. Statement he makes is they're accusing him. Don't you have anything to say? And he goes, You have said it is so, so the power, the narcissistic grab, all that kind of stuff. Jesus seems to respond to it with you're going to do what you're going to do, and it doesn't matter what I say, Yeah.

Speaker 1  59:21
Talk about surrender and trust. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  59:27
mean this. This ties back to previous statement the rich young ruler. People are going to do what they're going to do. There's, there's a yielding, there's a surrender, there's a there's a willingness. Um, if if you are willing to be respond, no, it's this. If you're willing to take the steps along the journey of where this journey will lead you, then I will walk. I will walk alongside you. Let me say it differently. I'm like refining this as I go, but I am walking in. Journey. I will walk alongside you in your journey, if you would like to walk through this journey as well. Yeah, and yet you will do what you want to do. If our paths do not, do not go alongside each other, then I will yield to that as well. That's your decision. It's not mine. I think there's, there's very, it's very curious that. And I think this is where a lot of people get caught up. It's, I've been caught up with this. I think probably one of the obvious ways has been with clients where I do far too much of this, like I shut up and I don't say the truth and I'm not willing to surrender to the reality that people will do what they will do. Yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  1:01:06
so that becomes very dangerous for everybody involved. Yeah, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to speak up and say, because maybe there's some codependency there. Maybe I don't want to upset you, maybe I risk rejection, lack of connection, whatever the case may be, so I don't say what it is that I think or feel. And you know, you are motivated, driven towards this path, and so you're blinded by that, and where do we end up?

Speaker 1  1:01:46
We end up lonely because

Kevin David Kridner  1:01:49
we were talking about loneliness earlier. Carl young defines it as it's not about being around people. It's about, and I'm paraphrasing, but it's about not not saying what is very important for you to say, either not saying it or saying it and being disregarded. That's the soil that loneliness grows in. It's not being known,

Matthias Miller  1:02:20
right? And so when you're disregarded, you just you form the pattern of saying, Well, I'm not going to speak my mind, because it further drives this sense of separation that I have from other people. And maybe if I shut up, I can have superficial belonging, and then we have this ache where, rationally, we belong, but our soul is screaming for screaming for what we're not allowing it to express,

Speaker 1  1:02:49
right?

Kevin David Kridner  1:02:52
It's something that I my friend, why I've talked to I've known for a number of years, something that I've always appreciated about him. I have a tendency, you know this. I have a tendency to be the person who beats myself up. Could be harder on myself than anybody ever could be hard on me consistently through our our relationship, when I bring something up, where I start down that path, he looks at me and he goes, all of us, all of us, all of us are flawed. All of us make dumb decisions. All of us wish we hadn't have chosen something like consistently. And I'm talking over 2530, years, he has said this directly to me every time I start down the self flagellation path. All of us, you're not alone. Some of us hide it better than others. Some of us it hasn't been exposed, and they think they're the lucky ones that hasn't been exposed, but they're actually not like all of us, and we need to come to that place where we can recognize that all of us are flawed, all of us are broken, and all of us like need that restoration of Jesus walking with us and teaching us in the midst of those things,

Kevin David Kridner  1:04:17
because that's what union does. So love does?

Matthias Miller  1:04:26
I had my own similar experience. A friend of mine looked at me and said, I have one complaint about you, and I'm like, you know, like, you know what? All right. What do I need to fix? You're right. Let me get out my

Kevin David Kridner  1:04:39
pen and write this down.

Matthias Miller  1:04:40
Yeah, right. I'm getting ready to write this down too hard yourself, like, you need to show yourself great like, show love to yourself. Like, oh

Kevin David Kridner  1:04:50
yeah. So I was talking with this young guy yesterday, 25 finishing up his college degree. Great, great guy, I would say, kid. But the. Like that would say how old I am. Great guy. And he's he's asking people, friends, mentors, like, what piece of advice? Like, if you could talk to your 25 year old self, what would you say? And he asked me this yesterday, and was like, wow, that is a great question. I thought for a minute, and I was like, honestly, if I could tell my 25 year old self something, it would be,

Speaker 1  1:05:29
love yourself, love others, love God,

Kevin David Kridner  1:05:36
by the Biblical definition, knowing being known by yourself, by others, and by God, and surrender to that. Make that your highest goal. Because my 25 year old self really needed to know that. Really needed to know that, like as I look back on it now, Richard Moore talks about putting your ladder against the wrong building. You spend your whole early life climbing this ladder. You get to the top, you look around, and you're like, I don't like this view. Yeah. You know, he's like, come down here amongst us and just just be amongst the normal people. Yes. Then I look back at my 25 year old self and my 30 year old self and my 35 year old self, and like, I look back at the guy. Go, that guy was climbing that ladder, and it was leaned against the care about me. Love me. You know, I was thinking to make myself lovable, and it was exhausting, and now it's like, no, like, I'm coming down. I'm coming down. I'm just gonna live amongst the people.

Speaker 1  1:06:55
Just be one of them. Just be

Matthias Miller  1:06:57
human. Be human. I've been fascinated by, well, I have my own little experiment where I've been running Facebook ads for blog posts and like, Okay, I'm absolutely curious about what drives people at the most primal level. Like, and this can all be manipulated. We know that the world of advertising manipulates, but it's put me in this frame of mind of looking at some of the most deeply motivated, most high in demand cries of humankind, which that's been the fascination with this. And I know it's just again, like even that's a little sandbox. It's not like a picture of the world, it's just it's it's intriguing to me, it's curious. And this ties throughout. This jumps back, if a few threads all ties in. But the love is in such short supply, love without judgment and and when I think about everybody's looking for ways to stand out amidst the crowd, ironically, one of the best ways to stand out in the crowd is to be human. Come down and be the person who can walk with other people without judgment and can show genuine love, and can help remind them to remove the burden that they're putting on themselves for not being lovable and not being in by whatever definition, and not being good enough by whatever definition, and pointing them to the truth that it's not true. And it seems to me like it's such a and it's not just I've also been looking at what are persistent cries of humanity, like what is always in demand, like, isn't the best I'm not saying this is a business model, but isn't the best business model, something that is a continued, ongoing, deep, primal need of humanity, right? If you want job security, learn how to love people well, and this has been the cry for 1000s of years. It will continue to be the cry, right? You'll never have any end of

Matthias Miller  1:09:38
it's not going away. We need people to keep showing love, right?

Kevin David Kridner  1:09:50
The only, it shouldn't say that it's the foundation of every eternal thing. Mm. Go, wow,

Matthias Miller  1:10:16
there's such a reorienting of what does? I because as you decide to make love be foundational, like there's there's so much reorienting that needs to happen, and the more you seek to make it foundational, there is a pain that comes with that too. Because it shows the gap it It shines a spotlight on you, on on your own limitations, your own flaws.

Speaker 1  1:10:53
Right?

Speaker 1  1:11:04
Yeah, you have a choice in that moment,

Kevin David Kridner  1:11:12
like you can be like Paul's suggests that he could revel in your weakness. You could celebrate it, because in that place, he's so very present, where you could deny the weakness and continue to cover up.

Matthias Miller  1:11:36
So I bet I'm imagining a little birthday party that we throw for for you know each other, or something like that. And Hey, Kevin, you're really bad. I'm really bad. And everybody's like, Yay, celebration.

Kevin David Kridner  1:12:00
Oh. Oh, man,

Speaker 1  1:12:03
isn't that funny?

Kevin David Kridner  1:12:07
I'm horrible at being vulnerable.

Speaker 1  1:12:09
Yay.

Matthias Miller  1:12:12
You know what we all do? It's like, oh, I'm really horrible at taking time off. Oh, you're a hard worker. Like, we flip it all into a positive and, like, so that you can actually get the applause. And it's like, that's really crazy. Like, like, if there's one thing that's gonna, like, haunt me this week is the it's gonna be the question of the genuine celebration of my flaws and weaknesses,

Speaker 1  1:12:35
yeah, like, that's,

Matthias Miller  1:12:39
that's really good, but it's really uncomfortable to sit with, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:12:46
oh yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  1:12:49
yeah, especially if you're greeted with shame around it, like it's not a space where you can actually share that and it be understood and known and walked with. And like in that space, it becomes easier and easier, but in the space of of shame, oh, man, why would you do that to yourself?

Matthias Miller  1:13:19
What? And so much of this comes out of the of the of the I thinking like somebody, it can be very easy to impose these expectations on ourselves, on other people, on our kids, spouse, any kind of relationship of here's your weakness. Why can't you just be this other type of person. Somebody says it to us, we internalize it. We turn it from a weed to I. There's a there's a great book by Dan Sullivan and Ben Hardy called who not how. And we assume that the answer is that the who answer is me. If it's I'm going to be a self made person. If it's going to happen, it's going to be up to me, because other people are are, are pointing at me and saying you're not good enough. Starts in school, pull up your math scores, dude, or get better at penmanship. That was my, my thing. And and it's like, but that's not how. That's not union, union in some sense, and I don't know, like, there's, there's all kinds of depths and nuance to this that I feel like I'm probably coming up short on, but, but fundamentally, in the world, it's not everybody should be everything. It's like, if you suffer from penmanship, then maybe you should be the one drafting the words and letting somebody else write them, or whatever it is, right? But the answer to the part of the reason why pain, such pain exists around weakness, is because we've turned it from a we to an i, and we try to become the answer instead of allowing somebody else to be. Answer

Kevin David Kridner  1:15:00
for us, yeah, either we turned it from a we to an eye, or the world that we live in, or our community or who we're surrounded by, turned it from a we to an i, and probably most likely both, little measure of both in each it brings to mind the first time I ever read any of Brennan Manning's writings. I think the first book I read was free, is longing of God. And then I was sucked in, and I went down the rabbit trail. But in one of his books, in the introduction, one of his friends is writing it, and he says, you know, Brendan talks about how he's broken every one of the commandments 10 times Tuesday, that kind of thing. And, and he goes, murder, really? Brennan, like, Yeah, I kind of dig it. But if you've read anything by Brandon Mann, he's so out there and honest about his failings, and he tells his story and his failings and like, it's like you almost get the sense that, not almost, I get the sense that he's he's celebrating like, this is the land, which is what I've done, like in that book, in the curious longing of God, when I think it's the the in the introduction, he says, Hi, I'm Brennan. I'm an alcoholic. I'm an alcoholic, or I was an alcoholic. I'm no longer an alcoholic. I was a Catholic priest. I'm no longer Catholic. Please. I was married, I'm no longer married. He gives this thing. He's like, laying everything out for you about, this is who I am. And then at the end he says, Oh, he's, this is this? This is the story, part of the story of my life. And at the end he says something very powerful. He says, this is the larger, grander story of my life, that I am a sinner saved by grace.

Speaker 1  1:16:46
And it just like, wow, that's powerful.

Kevin David Kridner  1:16:51
And the movie eight mile, which is kind of like autobiographical by about, you know, Eminem, and one of the last scenes, he's in this rap battle with this guy. And he he's been through these he's been been shamed his whole life for where he lived and who his mom is and all that kind of stuff. And so in his his first rap within this this battle, he takes all of the the arrows that are going to be shot at him, and he uses them, yeah, I am white trash. Yeah, I am living in a trailer park. And then he like, takes away all the guys bullets, and the guy, like, comes to stand and like respond, and he just has nothing to say. Like, to me, that was such a beautiful understanding of like they're going to use this to shame you, as long as you allow them to use this to shame you. So why don't you just take it and put it out on the table? This is who I am, and then they have no more bullets, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:17:55
yes, yes, and yes. I think in again, I'm coming from this, from the business world, there's so much manipulation that happens in human relationships. And basically what you're saying is, when you lay things on the table, there's manipulation in sales, there's manipulation. And like, sales for me, became way easier, the more that I stopped pretending, and the more I was honest. Like, I recently had a situation where somebody wanted something, and I was very honest with them. I'm like, I don't think I might not be the right guy. It wasn't a manipulative tactic, but the person changed their tack, and they're like, actually, I'm willing to work with that. I'm like, Well, great. Like, I'm open to work with that too, but I'm not going to manipulate you. This is, this is what you're getting. This is how it's going to work, whatever, if it works great, if not great. And it's such a powerful visual to think about, the more that you it's like, the shields that we put, the self protective armor that we put on, become the very weapons that are enemies, for lack of better term, are going to take and use against us. Yes, and it's like, and when you're not dressed in armor, they don't have anything to that there's, there's nothing that they can, like, Yeah, I mean, they can kill you, but then the they become murderers, and you become a martyr. And, right? And

Kevin David Kridner  1:19:33
that's happened a few times throughout history, several, just one or two,

Speaker 1  1:19:39
one or two. I It

Kevin David Kridner  1:19:43
makes me think, like I had this thought experiment dream, whatever you want to call it. I was like, what if for a 24 hour period, and I may have shared this with you before, but what if for a 24 hour period, I. Everybody in the world was completely incapable of lying. Every thought that came into their head had to be communicated. It just would be shared out there in the open. What would happen

Matthias Miller  1:20:22
that's a really fascinating question, because surely there would be some people who

Speaker 1  1:20:30
like, would that's a fascinating question,

Matthias Miller  1:20:35
can you and is there? I mean, but you can't take take away the rule that there's no negative recourse for it because and so there are going to be, it seems to me like it would accelerate the like it would it would further polarize us between the people who are willing, who understand that we're fundamentally flawed beings who need love and the people who have a need to uphold the standard and image of perfection. So the number of scapegoats, it seems to me, would increase exponentially, and the number of and and we would start seeing the people who genuinely live from a place of love and acceptance, and there's probably some people who in this space who would that like I can fully imagine the complete and utter breakdown when you realize that I wasn't the only person who was who's experienced these types of things, right?

Speaker 1  1:21:40
It's fascinating. I

Kevin David Kridner  1:21:43
just think about for me from a personal thing, personal viewpoint, if I said every thought that came through my head or had to like it wasn't even a choice, I had to, and you said every crazy thought that came through your head, immediately, I would almost feel somewhat of a union. Oh, I was shaming myself, and I was crazy for having these thoughts, but he has them too, and he just communicated it

Speaker 1  1:22:13
Yes.

Matthias Miller  1:22:17
So I think, I think we're gonna have to, we're gonna have to wrap here soon. But I think one of the questions that follows follows here too, is, how do we what is the process by which we dismantle the tongue biting? Yeah, isn't it? Ultimately, fear of punishment, fear of judgment, fear of separation, fear of loss of some

Kevin David Kridner  1:22:43
kind. Yeah, I think fear of separation is the core of it, but all those things flow from it.

Matthias Miller  1:22:52
I have a friend of mine who actually a client, who again, looked at me this week, and he's like, we were talking about some of these types of things. And he's like, Yeah, I've noticed the same thing about you. He said, you and I can be having a conversation, and you're forthright, you're direct, you're you're like, you're saying, you're calling this, you're calling a spade a spade. And then you get into a group of people, and you start hedging, you start, you know, and I'm like, they never had anybody. I was really grateful. Like, you could take this as a threat, like, but I was grateful I've never as when he mentioned that. I'm like, I totally see that pattern, yeah. And I don't want to be like that. I want to I want to live from a place of union and and be comfortable with speaking with being in my own skin and every setting we learn, we grow.

Speaker 1  1:23:48
But it's,

Matthias Miller  1:23:51
it was a very profound moment of awareness for me, of seeing,

Kevin David Kridner  1:23:54
yeah, we've been doing, that's a real good friend. He's a great guy. Yeah, that's a good friend, and we all need those, those trends, they'll just be like, Hey, this is, this is what I'm seeing. I've noticed this, and invite you into the conversation. And you're like, oh, wow, it gives you space to go. Oh, yeah, I do see that pattern. I don't like that pattern.

Matthias Miller  1:24:18
Yeah, no, it's, it's not serving anybody very well at

Kevin David Kridner  1:24:23
all. Yeah, yeah, wow. What a great conversation.

Matthias Miller  1:24:29
What a fantastic conversation.

Kevin David Kridner  1:24:33
Fully in line with how these typically go,

Matthias Miller  1:24:38
we'll be we'll let our listeners into the clues that the fact that we title these things after the fact. So we're going to do some analysis on what we actually talked about. So we have a conversation. And there is a threat, I guarantee you. Oh, there's

Kevin David Kridner  1:24:54
a threat, I promise you. You may need a microscope to find it, but there. A thread there awesome.

Matthias Miller  1:25:03
Well to all of our listeners, thanks for listening. You can subscribe in the respective place where you found us and until next time, thanks for the time. Kevin,

Kevin David Kridner  1:25:12
yeah, thank you. See you next time. All right. Sounds good? You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai