Matthias Miller  02:36
So do you have any. Good morning. Good morning. We got the uniform. We got the uniform. How are you doing. I'm honestly I feel like I'm doing well, but I'm really tired, and so I've I hope it's healthy, and it might not all be, and a little bit is, but when planting and harvest time arrive, you plant and you harvest. So right, that's how I look at it. So I yeah, how are you good? Good. Same thing, tired. I feel like a lot more planting than harvesting recently. So like, I think the planting is more exhausting than harvesting. Yeah, you don't get the same purchasing. You get the adrenaline rush of seeing progress, and you don't right. You are planning is all about uncertainty and trust that something's going to come back, right, but you don't know. I don't know. You don't know. We don't know you put that seed in the ground. You don't know if it's going to die and be reborn, or if it's just going to die. Yes, like, I hope I've seen it happen before, and I know this process has nothing to do with me whatsoever. Aside from putting it in the ground, I really like this to happen. It's a little bit like the kid Chesterton actually has a quote that talks about this. But the the it's like the kid who's like, Oh, if I do this, then that happens, and then they proceed to test it for the next 50 times, and they're still wondering if it happens every time, right? Thing. I mean, I think I sent you, did I send you the intro? I can't remember.

Speaker 1  05:07
I don't remember seeing it, but I might not have season.

Unknown Speaker  05:16
This is the intro I was thinking.

Speaker 1  05:19
Oh yes, yeah. I do remember seeing that, okay.

Matthias Miller  05:28
And then I mean, I think, do you have anything in my mind? Springboard should just be like, What is this? Why are we doing this? And then we just, I like the idea where we can, maybe we don't even need this most of the time, but potentially just having a springboard launching point and then just

Unknown Speaker  05:52
go from there. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:56
does that seem reasonable to

Speaker 1  05:58
you? Oh, yeah, okay, yeah. And then I mean, to keep it as organic as possible, I think is, is the goal, at least I understand it, but yeah, I mean, I think a intro of like, Hey, this is just not a random conversation of two dudes hanging out talking like, there's, there's a purpose to this, and this is why we're here.

Matthias Miller  06:20
And I like the, I like the idea of, if this is, I mean, we this can evolve, for sure, but if this is kind of the anchor for what we want to create to it's gonna, it's, it's, it's just as much for us it is for the audience. Like, it'll like, this is what we want. Like, this is our this is what we're looking to create. Anything within this. Here are the boundaries, the creative expression. And right,

Speaker 1  06:50
we enjoy these conversations, and we would be having them, even if they weren't recorded and put out there. Yes, and we have been for years. Yes, we're just inviting you into the conversation.

Matthias Miller  07:03
Exactly. I have a friend of mine I was talking with a week ago. He's like, send me the podcast as soon as you

Speaker 1  07:12
I'm like, okay, perfect, perfect. I've had the same thing because, like, I tell people, like, about the conversation that we have, and they're like, you talked about what? And I'm like, well, we kind of started here and then we went here, we went here, we went here, we went here. And they're like, I want to be part of that conversation. I'm like, Okay, I'll send it to you.

Matthias Miller  07:31
All right. Well, let's, let's restart. Let's get this thing recorded, because there's gonna, it's gonna be good stuff. Drop it out before we're ready.

Unknown Speaker  07:41
Exactly, right?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai