Matthias Miller  00:45
Are you there?

Unknown Speaker  01:50
Hey

Speaker 1  01:56
Well, good things and bad things, business is going off. Well, everything else is?

Matthias Miller  02:03
Well, let's, I had a very interesting conversation. I can't even play suit who it was with? No, my, one of my mentors and he's like, he was talking to his brother and his brother's like, I've got enough money to pay to live this, this life twice. And I'm still not happy. And shockingly, not shockingly financial success has little bearing to our actual happiness or not as much as we would like to think so.

Unknown Speaker  02:43
I agree, not undermine

Matthias Miller  02:45
difficulty, the challenge, but yeah, oh, yeah.

Speaker 1  02:50
Yeah, I agree completely. And at the same time, I know from many years of personal experience that everything is much better when there's decent cash flow are much worse when there's no cash flow.

Matthias Miller  03:04
This is also true. Not tonight.

Speaker 1  03:09
Every once in a while I get into conversation. I go ahead. No, you go. I was gonna say every once in a while, I'll get into a conversation with random people about you know, wealth and what it means. And you know, too much money is what I'm gonna very quickly label and it's kind of like, yeah, no, I'm a really, really, really long way away from that problem.

Matthias Miller  03:34
Yes, understand. So really big picture. Here's here's a sneak? Well, I think, by and large, big agencies will become stronger, small agencies will fall apart. People are moving towards results oriented people want to see AI and agency life. And I think lots of companies are opting to do things in house or mostly in house because the tool set for us for many people is at least moderately acceptable. And I see that as a trend with Well, I'm seeing data points, at least in smaller businesses. And I'm also seeing it as data points in larger corporate style companies as well. Yeah. So agency agency life is an interesting place to be right now. The now zooming into the shed industry specifically, we've got a guy who's promised us so well first of all, do you know sandbar?

Unknown Speaker  04:44
Yes, I do.

Matthias Miller  04:48
So we we paid 1000 bucks for his Facebook ads course. And he worked with us to put together a campaign where we're getting leads from him for about 40 bucks a lead and there's a guy in the industry, I don't know for sure don't quote me, but I think he took over the truepoint Facebook marketing. And he said he can take us down to $2 to leave. And Cody told them prove it. And so we're down to seven, and thinks we get down to two. Now there's all kinds of things about lead quality, blah, blah, blah, that goes into this. And there's definitely quality issues. And we have not plumbed the depths of what all that means. But you know, maybe there's a point in putting in nurture sequence, we acquire the lead for two bucks, put a nurture sequence in front of it, and don't let them talk to a salesperson until we've meet a certain level of engagement or qualification or something like that. I don't know. But it's really difficult. I tried to pitch him on an audit. And they don't want to do an audit because they are so gun shy. First of all, no sane agency wants to make a performance guarantee, because well, there's, you know, we've had this conversation a million times, how do you really guarantee results? And there's all kinds of things you don't really know what you find. Now, I think if you could say, I am going to do an audit and pay me your savings. You implement these? I don't know fill in the blank. Maybe there's performance based on it. They, they they would be willing to buy into? I don't know. But they're not doing a mix right at this point.

Unknown Speaker  06:37
What do you say today? Are you talking about the odor?

Matthias Miller  06:41
This is the odor specifically? But I think so. But some are and it kind of got in the weeds there. But I think more broadly speaking, we have lead gen companies popping up already. So there's the shed app. There's the shed geek, I think as a marketing agency, there's there's shed listing websites that are popping up. And I think your best bet is don't go directly after the companies go find a lead gen company that really needs need somebody and do whatever you can to get friends with somebody who has a high performing account at $2, a lead that you can get a sneak peek into, and figure out what it is that they're doing and go replicate that. But I think the days of I think between the fact that I'm not interested in pounding the pavement to build out an agency and I don't think you're interested in pounding the pavement to I mean, maybe maybe it's a survival point with your pay times is pretty high. But I think pitching all of your expertise to lead gen companies or would be lead gen companies or even one or two, but he missed, like, you know, I don't know if you can get in touch with Eugene Ulrich or something like that. And like playing the networking game that way. Those are my thoughts right off the top of my head without I know this is also violating consulting one on one, which is go as in depth questions about everything from every direction before you give any kind of answer, but just starting things off where your thoughts

Speaker 1  08:39
Okay. Interesting. Okay. Thanks a lot. And you said you only had a few minutes. Let me shift gears a little bit. The $2 lead thing are you guys completely blind to that? So they're doing the blackbox model and you don't know what's going on?

Matthias Miller  09:00
Now we've got access to the facebook ads account and it's Facebook lead forms. So we can we can dissect the entire thing

Speaker 1  09:13
so I yeah, I don't know what you're open to I am frankly, unless it's a unless it's a large amount of sheer garbage. I am terribly curious about that. I have been through this loop several times recently the whole do or don't use Facebook lead forms thing I'm just really curious about it's partly none of my business and you know, I don't want to nose in or I'm not wanting to it shouldn't be but I'm really terribly curious how they're making that work. Have you spent any time looking at it like from the point of view of why is this working as well?

Matthias Miller  09:56
I have not there's a few things I have observed One is, oh, sidenote. Our number one marketing priority for years right now is website conversion rate. Most obviously, why is there not a Colorado photo on the homepage. So anyway, complete side note, when one of the things I did notice is they're using Unicode Bold, Italic formatted text in the post, which is a bit of a, you know, kind of an attention grabber. They're using carousels. And then Facebook forums, it's, it's a little bit more than name and email me his name, email, phone, and boy, why is this important to you? But

Matthias Miller  10:50
I wonder, I don't know for sure. But I wonder if just the fact that we're not leaving the Facebook platform doesn't make Facebook slightly happier and his willingness to give us equivalent traffic at a lower rate. But that's sheer speculation on my part.

Speaker 1  11:04
No, I'm pretty sure does. Have you have you. So the leads are cheaper, but have you all analyzed the actual cost to acquire a quote or a closed deal?

Matthias Miller  11:19
No, we have not. And I said, I am aware of that. And I simply haven't been my focus has been getting focus has been twofold getting or once the conversion rates up, because that'll that'll get our lead cost back down into an acceptable range. And fixing one of the sales guys conversion rates, which have just been hovering below where it should be. And I haven't had time to dig into the cost to acquire on these guys. Although it will be terrible to I don't I don't mean be terrible to figure it out. It's it's go find me all the leads, and go find me all the form fills. And that's the number of leads and go find me they close to close deals often form fills.

Speaker 1  12:13
I got a message and the dean was loud enough that I didn't hear what she said before the word form fills.

Matthias Miller  12:22
I guess. I guess if you I guess what I was saying was getting conversion rates really wouldn't be that challenging. I'm on the road at the moment. But I might actually hop on my computer for a few bit, a little bit. And if you're if you're willing to take a look at some of this stuff, and offer useful information that may be useful to Yoders to satisfy your own curiosity. I don't know that I have a philosophical objection that's showing in their campaign and what they're doing.

Speaker 1  12:58
Sounds good to me. A couple of things. So let's talk about these these $2 leads and what you said there about qualifying with a nurture sequence before they even have a chance to talk to a salesman I've got three or four questions wrapped into one actually let me jump to the end has Cody said anything about me or what are the projects we tried to do there recently? I have been trying to email back and forth and getting busy was like pulling teeth.

Matthias Miller  13:31
I'm sorry, he's He's stayed as the busy season. He's swamped. He's got he is the I have not let myself be the guy where everything falls on my lap. And so he's the guy where everything falls in his lap so do you have you gotten paid for anything?

Speaker 1  13:58
So you're very fuzzy you're like in a cave and it's muffled

Matthias Miller  14:04
it can you give me give me a minute. Yep.

Matthias Miller  15:24
All right all right

Matthias Miller  15:31
all right so let me mousepad isn't working

Unknown Speaker  15:42
I can hear you better now all right

Matthias Miller  16:21
sorry there's something weird with money

Matthias Miller  16:34
we're gonna do like this Okay, so let's just let's just do this so if we go into CRM we make a list of everything with

Matthias Miller  16:50
form filled deals, this is deal based Facebook for infill conversion rate one deals and this is going to be where the deal is closed one and the contact

Matthias Miller  17:22
form Facebook forum is known and then we're going to go to

Matthias Miller  17:38
New List weeds and this is going to be any contact where the form will Facebook for Yes all right and let's also do was day 23 Let's do alright we got April for let's do a date and the in the contact create create date is is on is after Oh 101 2020 for realtors

Matthias Miller  18:59
all right so

Unknown Speaker  19:08
well

Matthias Miller  19:18
Oh is equal to that's done

Matthias Miller  19:34
All right, so we've got 59 contacts with one known conversion

Speaker 1  20:08
I'm going to mute myself for about two minutes is that alright? I can still hear you

Unknown Speaker  20:13
yes

Matthias Miller  20:24
all right so 59 leads one conversion granted we don't know how many more of these we will close but we spent but that $7 per lead not sure if this is accurate we spent.

Matthias Miller  21:40
We also do one other report

Unknown Speaker  21:49
where were

Unknown Speaker  21:59
clone

Matthias Miller  22:07
and then this is also where

Unknown Speaker  22:16
this page

Matthias Miller  22:30
so, this one is area and the filters are Facebook forum deals associated contact and deal stage

Unknown Speaker  22:51
deal stage

Matthias Miller  25:16
All right this is weird for some reason it's not showing really confused area

Matthias Miller  25:32
you might not be flagging it correctly it's not showing a lot about other area but I know that we have a lot about a very leads

Unknown Speaker  25:39
that's a friend of the Facebook ads yes

Matthias Miller  25:43
to the forum

Matthias Miller  26:16
all right so then on the Facebook ads here's how the Facebook ads are that up let me just see if I can ads manager label their account percent share my screen

Matthias Miller  26:49
alright so we've got let's do the last 30 days

Matthias Miller  27:03
so here here is one $6 A lead

Matthias Miller  27:13
and we are doing a carousel here's the

Matthias Miller  27:27
and there's this stuff

Matthias Miller  27:47
under standard way he's doing campaign mean his campaign budget plus but anyway doing an instant form audience control oh hang on here I'm gonna switch Wi Fi hang on

Matthias Miller  28:24
how about now? No. Hello? Can you hear me? You're muted I don't know if that's on purpose or not I'm gonna see it sorry. Okay, so here are the interests on this one again Don't you know they're using advantage plus in this stuff? Tailored sheds headline crafted dream space the form DIY cabin forms which we can take a look at here but name Phone Email zip privacy policy like this one is it is no nevermind what style of cabin what size you need? How would it improve your life? Contact Info and then it's done this one see I'm sure this one is different interest garden design patio garage ag filter by engage shoppers very similar basic design slightly different images. It looks like the all kinds of variations and where's my forms? form looks mostly the same, just slightly different so you can identify which ad it came from. So there it is in a nutshell.

Speaker 1  30:09
Okay. Okay. And it's just working like magic that's so ordinary. Right from the Aside from the, the Unicode deal which and I just hate that it's it's, that's classic. That's tactics, you know, the tactics that worked for a month or a year and then don't work later. But what do you say it is, what it is? And who knows if that's even what's making it stand out or not, but whatever. Okay, so So, let me switch to conversations just slightly and thank you for showing me that. Um, what was your conclusion there about the I know you said things weren't tagged correctly, but what was your conclusion about the $7 leads and their ultimate cost per sale or estimate?

Matthias Miller  30:58
Well, I'm not convinced I need to run some conversion rates on Facebook just to see what the $40 leads were converting at but it does not appear to me from you know, maybe the salespeople didn't record everything correctly. Maybe other things are wrong but we're above their monitoring target with $7 leaves

Unknown Speaker  31:18
when you say above their marketing target you mean what

Matthias Miller  31:21
their target budget per building sold.

Speaker 1  31:27
Okay, I might be able to help with that. Actually, seriously, but first, but first I will start when we change when you change your from your phone your computer I was starting to ask if if Cody has said anything about me in the last month or so.

Matthias Miller  31:45
No, he No, he hasn't. And I don't know that they've been I don't know him. Yemen, the primary owner disagree about pricing structure for you. So that's that is the bottom that is the line Cody. Cody was like, the dead lead. We're not paying anything extra we can afford to spend this much and he disagreed. So I you know, whatever. The owner's name. Cliff.

Unknown Speaker  32:23
The order? Yes.

Speaker 1  32:27
That um I don't like being rude. The people I learned this system from would would say back to Cliff, they would say so you'd rather have 100% of nothing. And it is a valid point. I'm not rooting out to actually say that to Cody. You're Cliff myself. But like any case, Cody already talked me down a good notch below what I was asking for. And so in a case where I'm picking up $1 and handing all seven handing him you know, 60 cents I don't see what there is to complain about because the alternative was no sense at all.

Matthias Miller  33:04
Right.

Speaker 1  33:08
Okay. The other thing so the version i By the way, I just wished that Cody could somehow see me as a friend and not an enemy or a problem. I'm trying to help us both he just he takes ages to answer my questions and emails and then he doesn't really answer and so it's putting me in a bind. I need to wrap it up and get paid. If you recall, right I was doing this reactivation venture with a business partner, the business partner wants to know what's going on haha. And actually, he tried he my partner Mark tried to contact Cody himself and Cody ignored his phone calls and emails. So I'm sitting here thinking like, I don't know, I'm gonna have to put Cody in a headlock and ask what's the problem? Is there something I did send him one more email today with with a clarification hoping that he'll answer but so here's the deal. I wish so our group my agreement with Cody is that we're going to use their HubSpot calendar, which is fine actually, it's not fine at all. It seemed fine at the time. But he was supposed to grant me access but he never did. So I'm blind to what is actually going on. How many appointments were set, how many of those appointments turned into anything good. And above all, I have no way to know if I helped Cody make money or not. which in theory, I should get paid anyway because our agreement is paying for appointment and so I need to at a minimum know the number of appointments but beyond that, I wish I knew if I was helping Cody make money it would sure make my day if I was selling Cody money. And then beyond that there's a couple other opportunities that we didn't get to. So renegotiation of price points aside, there's a couple other things. There's the older there's the there's the other list of four 4000 contacts that are older, I'd like to try them unless Cody's like so dissatisfied with the experience that he can't stand it and then referring to the Facebook leads the cheap ones that might be dragging in garbage there is a version of the system that I the exact same thing that I was doing already for him that is designed to handle new leads and attaching that to cheap, perhaps low quality, Facebook lead forms should be ideal, because then we can let the robot qualify those people follow up with them. It's far more engaging and interactive than just like an email follow up series and it would keep the salespeople from as you as you yourself said from ever interacting with those bad quality leads until they have been qualified and scheduled the call that should be a win win win for everybody in terms of efficiency and squeezing more ROI out of the low price low quality leads okay, but I'm attempting to paint a happy picture I

Matthias Miller  36:09
think I think this is the I don't know if I ever sent you my agency scapegoat article but this is a classic agency scapegoat article kind of thing. I think I can reframe what you're doing in the context of time management increasing increasing close rates saving time for the salespeople. But it's going to it's not going to be an easy quick sell I think if you're open to it on Tuesday I can do a I can prepare a wrap up of this is how many appoints appointments are set Cody might have some probably will want to unfortunately negotiate with you on cancellations no shows so I don't know how that's all gonna go down. I like to keep my hands out of that but maybe get involved if you need to, but the

Matthias Miller  37:20
Will it what's the pain level of waiting until Tuesday to get that final list

Speaker 1  37:32
I don't really have an answer. It's not lovely but it's way better than nothing

Matthias Miller  37:40
Okay, I'm going to leave you hanging I get some things that are burning for my attention today. Can we let me

Matthias Miller  37:56
what is your what is your availability over the next few days?

Speaker 1  38:04
Just about anything you want. afternoons are still always better than mornings but if you want me in the morning tell me the day before and I'll be there

Matthias Miller  38:35
I don't know I hate doing this I don't know what time to shut let me

Unknown Speaker  38:43
does it help if I ask for time

Unknown Speaker  38:55
you need two or 3pm on Thursday

Unknown Speaker  38:59
work

Matthias Miller  39:20
no

Matthias Miller  39:41
don't think I'm gonna be able to get a good answer. Well I don't know what to tell you. I gotta drop I've got other things that I really need to chase today. It might be tomorrow afternoon. Wednesday afternoon around five Central might be an option.

Speaker 1  40:02
Okay? Tomorrow

Unknown Speaker  40:08
yeah

Matthias Miller  40:13
tomorrow it would be okay

Unknown Speaker  40:24
I can just check in with you tomorrow and see.

Matthias Miller  40:26
Yes. Anytime after one central. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Awesome. Thanks, Jonathan.

Unknown Speaker  40:38
Bye for now


Transcribed by https://otter.ai