Matthias Miller  00:00
thing right now is. So I was reading in the power of the other last night by Henry cloud, about understanding being a Root of Trust. And it made me realize that there have been most of the areas where I don't feel safe or places where I don't actually feel understood. And so this has happened consistently within within the church context, but it hasn't just been. It's it's happened as early as it's happened from the very early days. In fact, it wasn't just this wasn't just something that I felt or experienced from the church. But it was something that I felt an experience from my family, because it felt like how I looked at the world was so vastly different than how the rest of my family looked at the world that it was simply like I simply did not feel understood. And I think for a lot of people, for a lot of people, they were looking for solutions, and I was looking to be understood. And if you want to take a look at software builders, in terms of management, upper leadership, that whole thing of being understood, was actually really huge. And it was something that was missing. And so I think there's this other thing of how do you build trust in relationships? If understanding is a foundational piece of trust, that it means that people not knowing themselves? Let's break this down. Because, first of all, when somebody doesn't understand somebody else, there's this sense of a sense of mistrust, but there's a sense of hurt the sense of misunderstood the sense of, and for me, I never knew that trust was where I was struggling with, except it was. And so when I, when I started going down the route of it's almost like this story became, nobody else understands me. So therefore, I'm going to have to understand myself. And really, ultimately, that's a question of self self love, and care for self. And then once I started to understand myself, I started, I started gaining the skills and tool sets to understand other people. And the natural outcome of that, first of all, is that there's so many hurts that come because of misunderstanding of each other's needs, expectations, and these other types of things.

Matthias Miller  02:50
There's this understanding, but to have the skills that vinita mentioned last night, that lead to people thinking of me as a therapist, or having asking good questions, which is seeking to understand and because of who I am, I am hypersensitive, to not being understood, and, and so hypersensitive to other people, usually not being interested, understood. And what this means is that as this continues to grow and develop, that one of my superpowers is actually going to be to be able to build trust with people, which it already is. So I've got empathy. And this seeking to understand, and so this becomes a foundation, so trust becomes the foundation. So then the next question is, what is the outcome of trust? What is the outcome of trust, and ultimately, you could take a look at the speed of trust as a picture for that. And these are the business outcomes that I like to solve, and most people don't understand that the things that they're struggling with are ultimately a result of broken trust. And as a result of broken trust, that the broken trust is actually coming from a lack of understanding. And that seeking to understand is having if if this is a challenge for you, having somebody around you who seeks to understand is actually an incredibly powerful skill set. To have and to develop is a is a school that will allow your your team to function at an incredibly high level. So

Matthias Miller  04:55
That helps

Unknown Speaker  04:57
bring this trust into organizations. So there you go over now


Transcribed by https://otter.ai