Matthias Miller  00:02
Alright, good evening, everybody. So, so I had a little bit of a wall earlier this week, and spent some time this afternoon praying about it and and just actually praying through some stuff. And one of the verses that somebody brought to my attention was the verse in Proverbs, it says that that your gift will make room for you. I forget exactly what it is, but it but the idea is that your gift will will make room for you. Somebody else shared with me Psalm 23 which talks about God leading us into green pastures, which means there's a place of provision, safety, rest and plenty, which is provision, I guess. And so with all these things I've been, I've been wrestling with this, and have done some things. And then here's and then I was on a call with a not yet believer acquaintance of mine earlier this week, and he challenged me. He was like, Look, everything that you've done well has centered around the software space and and so why aren't you sticking to that? And and so kind of got me started thinking. One of the things that that I realized is that so first of all, in my my background in software, I've, I've been a pigeon holed into a space that's really not a good fit for me, kind of as an engineer, and I am not. I have, I have the Hey. Thanks for joining, thanks for hopping on. Love to hear your thoughts on this. So I don't have the but I have the MO of an engineer, not the detail orientedness. I have the critical thinking skills and all of that. But, and so I've been thinking about this. So what? What if? What if I've left my field of favor with this? If I look back at my life, the money that I've made and where I've experienced success is awesome, but hey, Isaac, hey, thanks. Thanks for hopping on. Has always been around software and in this space. So and there, there are these different pieces. One of them is that my, my top five strengths, finders, are all centered around strategic thinking. So there's, there's, like, big picture thinking, ideation, you know, all of this strategic thinking stuff that goes on. Have gotten a lot of compliments from team members, other other developers, saying that my software design skills are absolutely like, off the charts good. Got a lot of feedback about asking questions. Have high initiation energy. So I kind of enjoy hanging around, sort of things, and so kind of, kind of what I've been wondering thinking about, is ditching all of this stuff, or ditching some of the other things that I've been going after and pursuing this as a field of favor, I'm thinking kind of where the who, one of the other things that kind of emerged is with some of the people that I've worked with. I think this is, I think this is fair to say that some of my best that I have consistently done well in helping people who don't have a background in software to that's interesting. That's that's probably why. It's probably why Isaac. Isaac and I get along so so in Well, one of the reasons I've done well translating requirements for a from like a business problem, into into software. And I'm doing that. I do that quite well because I actually went through the pain of the many years of honing that craft, even though it really wasn't. It's probably not down my my line. So kind of what I was thinking about making my who be around, around non software people. And, like, this is the thing that drives me crazy when I see it happen. But like, there's these people with with industry experience, and they're like, Hey, I'm going to go, that's awesome, ditching Yes, I'm going to I'm going to go build a software product for my industry, and I'm going to go hire these people, and it's all gonna work out great. And then, like, I've heard so many stories about, you know, like, like, much longer past when it was it's, like, takes twice as long, and they're like, triple their budget, and they still don't have anything shipped, and all this other kinds of stuff and like, and, and, sorry, there's something else that I mentioned with this too, kind of pulling all these pieces together, but, but I've gone fairly deep into like direct response marketing and like other pieces of like, like that. And even, even the value that we're getting from from the challenge right now is huge as well, and that all ties into the success of a software project. And so to find that so that's kind of like the the general niche niche. And I'm not sure how to narrow down my who I know, there's some, some core things. I think it's, it's probably, probably it's easier to to work with people who are a little impatient, definitely not micromanaging, who know the industry well, who like forward movement. But I feel like I need to continue narrowing it down, even for. Other, and that's, that's a little bit where I'm stuck, well, that, and there's one other thing with that too, but So, and then the the problems become clear when you do that, once you narrow that down. I think it's, it's, how soon can you get money coming back in? If, if you catch them on the front side, I think, I think their problem is, look, we want to get this, this project, in quickly. I don't want to have have to get my hands dirty with too much of it. I want somebody to take it and run with it.

Matthias Miller  05:31
That's interesting. Isaac, do you have any more like like in terms of taking what I know in software and applying it to there's a thought on that. So I guess one of the thoughts that I've had with this, too, is kind of with the I've actually thought about taking there's a specific process that we take people through when we develop software to help understand, understand requirements, and like, it's kind of this cadences back and forth to kind of extract everything, where there's kind of this interview, and then we build it out, and then go back, and I've thought about applying that into strategic planning, and that was actually one of the approaches that we're going to take in the nonprofit sector for strategic planning. Let's see, I did not do the WHO worksheet yet in this one, I just started going back to the videos. And wanted to go back to the videos to kind of get the the high level, because I knew I would need that content again to kind of kind of dig in more, more deeply. But I want to, I want to do that if, if this seems sound, let's see. So I think one of the one of the challenges with this is that I kind of face is, how do you actually find find these types of people? They're obviously industry experts. I think, I think I do need to narrow it down and maybe the worksheet. I don't know. I don't know if you guys think that, like, do you think the worksheet is going to help, help narrow that down or not? The process of what I do might help give ideas. Yeah. The other interesting thing is, I mean, I have a framework that we've been kind of planning to use for some of the strategic planning that might actually apply here as well. But I don't know if that's and maybe there's actually, yeah, I'm not sure. I'm not sure that. I'll definitely consider doing that and flushing that out, just making a note here, anyway. So that's it. I think that, I think the before and after, like, like, there's the if they're just starting out, it's one thing, but it there's definitely a higher urgency and need. It's kind of, it's almost easier for them to get burned first and make them believe that they can do it on their own. And then once they're over budget and over over schedule and they're kind of in a hard place, it's much easier to come in and be the expert. And it's kind of, it's kind of sad, but it's also easier, I mean, it's easier to sell, yeah, it's easier to sell, like here, than it is to sell prevention. So, and maybe, maybe that's actually part of it too. So I'm not sure how you find it. So I guess for you guys, if you have any thoughts, like, like, Should I continue? Is, is the softer space my field of favor? And should I continue staying in that space or, or do I find a, you know, another industry where I guess it could be, this could be people who are, who are building software for a specific industry. Maybe that's what you would maybe that's what you were, you were thinking earlier, Isaac,

Matthias Miller  09:01
or is this a completely different leap into, kind of using the same kind of strategic thinking, and so the same processes apply it to a different problem? Kind of, my concern with that is that we don't this is the same processes in applying it, sorry, yes, to which one to the to the software in another industry or using processes to to solve a different

Matthias Miller  09:32
problem? Yeah, I am definitely, I am, for sure, thinking out loud. This is definitely a processing video, so appreciate it. Yeah, Isaac, if you get clarity on which yes, or maybe it's yes to both, maybe it's yes to both. Cool anyway, appreciate you guys hopping on and helping me process this. And it's it's good. It's not always easy, but it is definitely, it's definitely been, it's definitely. Helpful to to process this. And I think, I think as I continue to kind of flush this out, it'll it'll give me, it'll give me more clarity to kind of weigh the options. So cool. So,

Matthias Miller  10:21
yeah, hey, Isaac, maybe, maybe, if you've got some time, some time, I don't know, a good few minutes, an hour, or maybe, maybe tomorrow, I would love to hop on a call. We can maybe just chat a little bit cool. So I think, I think I'm going to sign off here because, because that'll be easier for both of us, and let's be in touch. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai