Matthias Miller  00:04
All right, good evening, and we are live once again. Hopefully you guys had an awesome day, and I wanted to share something that I've been I've been working through today, and something that really challenged me even yesterday. And this is one of those lessons in getting this, this getting my video set up together, and actually getting some of some of the equipment here set up. And here's one of the things that that I wanted to encourage you with, that typically, the things that are the most important to get done involve a significant amount of resistance. And I think that that when you start doing things that matter, you're going to start encountering resistance. And the question is, is not whether you will encounter that encounter. It. The question is, what are you going to do in the face of that? You know, there's two kinds of difficulty. There's difficulty that's completely unnecessary, difficulty that you're experiencing just because you're you're you're trying too hard, you're doing things a stupid way. But then there's also difficulty that's that happens because you're doing something that matters. And one of the things that I've started doing lately is leaning into those, into those difficulties, that if there's a project that has a significant amount of resistance around it. If it's not just because I'm doing something stupid and being an idiot about it, I lean into it and I start prioritizing that project, because it probably means that there's, it's a project that matters. And, you know, with that there's, there's had to have been a, you know, a bit of an internal change for me, because up until recently, I would have labeled myself as a committed individual, and I hated a lot of the hype around, you know, kind of this, the whole mindset of, you know, you've got a hustle, and what's your level of commitment, and do you have 110% commitment? Because, again, quite frankly, I think a lot of that hype around some of those, some of those concepts are actually very damaging, but at the same time, there's an element of truth in that, where when you're facing resistance, when you're facing a project, that really matters, it really does Test your level of commitment, and something changes when you tell yourself that I'm going to make this work, I'm going to figure out a way to make this work. And that doesn't mean that when you're going down a path and suddenly discover, well, you know, this, this direction isn't going to work out. It doesn't mean that you you again, are completely foolish and keep, you know, driving in a direction that's that's destructive, the commitment means I'm going to keep pushing forward, and if it means that I hit a dead end, I'm going to find either a different avenue or a different path that that I have to, that I'm that I have to pursue. But the difference is that deep within you, there is this resolve and this drive and this commitment that says I'm going to see this through to the end. And today I spent, I spent all of today working on very difficult projects, all projects that, unfortunately I procrastinated on full disclosure, and it really tested my level of commitment. And I found myself throughout today saying no, like I am going to make this happen, and tomorrow morning, I'm going to get to wake up again with some of these same projects staring me in the face, and I'm going to, I'm going to make the same decision, because these are projects I I'm encountering quite a bit of resistance with, and they're really challenging projects to work through. But I know that. I know that they're significant. I know that, I know that the resistance that I'm facing is for a reason. So I want to turn it around to you and the resistance that here's here's what I want to challenge you with that where are the places right now in life where you're facing resistance, where it feels like you're leaning in, and the harder that you lean in, the more pushback that you get. And I would encourage you not to just throw up your hands in despair, and not to shrink back. I want to encourage you to lean into the resistance. I would encourage you that these, these things that you are, that you are pursuing, if, if you're encountering this resistance, it's because they matter. And I want to, I want to challenge you to not again, not not this crazy, wild like this, this, this tenacity, this tenacity that, this self destructive tenacity, absolutely not that. But I want to, I want to challenge you to embrace the full commitment of saying, of making a commitment to yourself, of saying yes, like this is going to happen. I'm going to, I'm going to make a way. I'm going to find a way. I'm going to do it the smart way, but I'm going to figure out a way. To see this through and and just making a promise to yourself that you're going to give it everything that you've got. You know, I know for, I'm seeing a number of people jumping on right now. I know for, I'm just looking at the names I know for a lot of you guys, there's, there's stuff that's in your heart to do that is that is significant. A lot of you really want, I really want to go after something bigger, and I just want to encourage you tonight not to give up and to stay committed to just to stay committed to to your goal, and to stay committed to where you you see yourself going. And be encouraged. The resistance is not evidence of impending doom or impending failure. The evidence is is the resistance is evidence of a breakthrough that's that's on the other side. So keep up. Know that I believe in you guys, and I'm cheering you guys on and and I hope you guys have an incredible evening. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai