Matthias Miller  00:02
And I'm just getting the Facebook Live started here.

Matthias Miller  00:13
All right, so here we go. Day two. Welcome. Good morning to all of you guys, and it's fun seeing your faces again, and excited for for day two. Hopefully, hopefully day day one had some wins. It was good hearing from you. Melody, hopefully, hopefully not, not too hard, but being able to to do that to get some start clearing out some of the clutter and making progress on that. So day one was really focused on kind of understanding Well, well, first starting to clear through some of that noise, understanding focus, understanding proactivity, kind of some of the shifts that I've experienced. But as Tim and I were talking a little bit earlier today, we were chatting about the training today, we thought it would be helpful to give a little bit for me, to give a little bit of a context of where we're going to be going in today's training, one of the things that I decided to do a number of years ago when I was a solopreneur, and it did not feel like it made financials much financial sense to do it was to hire a personal assistant. And here's how most people, many people think about hiring a personal assistant as something personal or executive assistant as something that they will do when they can't afford it. And the truth of the matter is that I think oftentimes hiring an assistant is what makes you be able to afford it if you're in a in a business context. Now, if you're in a if you're in a nonprofit context, then then hiring an assistant can free up your time from those, from those administrative types of tasks, and can free you up to, if you don't feel like you have financing for it, can can free you up to do kind of the strategic donor relations or or strategic fundraising like it allows you to focus your energy on the things that the things that are most important for your organization. So I am a huge believer in leaders having assistance, and I find that many individuals

Unknown Speaker  02:14
are

Matthias Miller  02:17
don't do well on their own. I think there's, there's a very rare set of individuals who are able to do, who are able to succeed well on their own, but you look at the majority of people, typically, that's in a very limited, limited context, and most of us are have glaring deficiencies that that are Waiting for other people to help, help come and compliment, compliment them, and because of that, and I don't, I don't believe that it takes a lot of people to do that, to fill in those, those deficiencies to get started. I believe that that many times, the right person, one person who is the right person to come in and compliment you, in that in those spaces, even on a part time basis. When I when I started my my assistant was working maybe five hours a week for me and five hours a week for a client. And so, so it does not take take a big commitment in order to do that. There is a whole world of people across across the nation, who have, have professional, have a professional background, and just as an example, who have, who have a professional background and still want to be involved in the workforce in some capacity, but aren't looking for a full time gig or a full time, full time employment. And so there are definitely a lot of options with that, with the unfortunate employment situation, that pool has actually increased as well, and probably driven the cost down of what it actually takes to hire an assistant. There are people who highly advocate hiring from the from the Philippines, where you can hire people for 234, dollar an hour. I don't have any personal experience with that. I have friends of mine who have, who have done very well with that. I also have friends of mine or have, have had colleagues who have tried that, and it has not worked as well as having somebody who is, who is on US soil. So that's, that's some of that we can share, I can I can perhaps share some resources, more resources on that at a future date. But with that in mind, the the whole context for this training is within that framework. So so I want to make it clear that if you just go through the steps of of unsubscribing, cutting down the noise, of structuring your inbox better, and going through like, like setting up kind of this daily process for how you manage email, if you just do that by yourself, I really believe that that this will be a win for you, but I also don't want to hide the fact that I think a key element of what's led to our success is I've got two team members who who have very. Be very differing ways of operating than me and from each other and and that that that synergy has really helped create the the effective system that we have today. One of the one of the prizes that we are offering for those who complete the homework is a Colby a Colby index and a Colby assessment. And I have, I have built my team using that tool set, and it has lent an incredible amount of insight into understanding who, who like. It's built on this problem, premise that we all have instinctive strengths and and that when we are fully ourselves and we and we are motivated to execute something, we have a pattern for executing that. And when you can align people with their instinctive strengths, you can align people's instinctive strengths with the role that they're expected to fill then, and you allow them to show up, to be fully themselves, and by doing that, they just do what they would do in that situation. You not only create fulfillment for them, but you, you create the opportunity for success. And that's been however, however. Well, I've done that. That's That's been my heart in, in kind of building out my team, and what I've would have really been desiring to build. So I wanted to, I wanted to set that up kind of as a, as a context, and

Unknown Speaker  06:32
I think

Matthias Miller  06:34
we didn't talk about this. Tim, are you? Are you on deck first? I believe Ian is, oh, Ian is okay, so I'll turn it over to Ian, take

Unknown Speaker  06:47
and run with it.

Speaker 1  06:50
Yes, hi there. Can you all hear me? And okay, very good. So I'm, I'm Ian. I've had the opportunity to serve with Matthias for the past two years, and I've really enjoyed learning to work with with him. He's very different than I am, but yet, I've learned a lot working with him. I've had many opportunities to learn and grow along with him. So what I'm going to be sharing this morning is just thinking about what are some things that we can do, whoever we are on the call what we can do to start taking steps toward taking control of our inbox and not allowing the inbox to be what controls us, but rather us using it as a tool. And so I can speak out of personal experience, I've gone through this myself. I do not have an executive assistant, but I've had the opportunity to serve as an executive assistant in multiple spaces, one in a nonprofit space, as well as in the business world, alongside of Matthias, and just over the last six to eight months, I've had the opportunity to help train in Tim, who is now serving as the executive assistant. I've moved into more of a managerial role, and went through a similar transition in the nonprofit space as well. And so as as that has developed, I personally have had to adjust my mindset as well as learn along the way, what does it look like to manage correspondence in ever increasing levels and in an effective way, where I'm not letting my responsibilities drop through the cracks, but rather I'm prioritizing that which I'm responsible for, and at The same time, not allowing that which I'm not responsible for, to dictate my life. And so I just want to walk through a few action steps that I want to suggest. These are by no means an exhaust exhaustive list, but I thought I'd break it up into three categories, and I'm assuming you fall into one of these. So these three categories are either you're a leader who already has an executive assistant share a few suggestions with you, or you're a leader who doesn't have an executive assistant yet, or maybe you personally are an executive assistant. So I'm assuming you fall into one of those three categories, and maybe if you don't, you're an executive assistant for yourself and so how can you be a better executive assistant for yourself and the leader at the same time? So first of all, leaders who have an executive assistant, I want to encourage you to think about the executive assistant you have is this person the right fit, both for your your organization, as well as a good fit for you as an individual. One major piece in thinking about if you have the right executive assistant or not is, do you have someone that you can trust? Is it someone of integrity? Someone who won't back stab, someone who you aren't staying up at night worrying. What are they doing with with my important information? Because if that's if you have to worry about that, and if you have the grounds to worry about that, then you're not going to release control over certain areas that you need to. And so I want to encourage you to think about that if you don't have that trust, why is it just that you are a control freak? You have to have control over every aspect of your life, or is it that they're the wrong person for the job? Both of those problems have to be addressed in the appropriate way. The second encouragement I want to share with you is to right away, create a private email account if you don't already have one. So create a private email account, highlighting private and share only. Share that email address only with those you want to have direct access to you. So this is not an email account you're going to give your executive assistant control over this is the inbox you are going to manage. But the key is that you only share this with people that have the right to have direct access to you and that you want to have direct access to you. And the reason this is really crucial because your inbox can so quickly my inbox can so quickly become my go to when I'm like, What am I going to do today? Well, let's see what's in my inbox. And you know, I was just talking with Matthias yesterday. If you give access to your inbox to people, if you give your email address out to people for this private email account, if you give it out to people who don't You don't want to have direct access to us in some ways, giving people login information to your calendar and letting them go in and add events and letting them edit and modify your schedule. And you don't allow just anyone to do that, because not just anyone has has has the right to be on your calendar, and not only that, you personally cannot accomplish or pursue that which you're called to if you're giving access to your direct attention to just anyone. So being very careful about who you give access to this email account is important, and I've I recently did this personally, and I've noticed a huge, a huge change in my focus. I've been able to focus so much more on what's at hand, what's important and what I'm responsible for, because I just went and created a new inbox. I kept

Matthias Miller  12:48
Ian, you muted yourself. You want to unmute.

Speaker 2  12:56
Okay? Is that? Can you hear me now? Yep, you're good, okay, that is strange.

Unknown Speaker  13:14
You hear me now,

Unknown Speaker  13:17
my head said, did something funny. Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  13:20
just, just emphasizing the

Speaker 1  13:23
importance of creating a private email account for yourself, then the next thing I want to really encourage you, if you have an executive assistant already, is to delegate responsibility of your main inbox. So I want to highlight the word responsibility, the word responsibility not just giving them access or telling them what to do in your inbox, but rather giving them responsibility over it, which means you stay out of it as much as possible. You don't go in there unless your house is burning down or unless some, some something emergency is happening that your assistant cannot give you the information you need or cannot answer things that are urgent and important. So delegate responsibility of your inbox. Stay out of it, let them take control of it, let them manage it, and this all hinges on making sure you have the right EA, remember, I talked about how you have to have to have someone you can trust, and if you have that person you can trust. And after you've created a private email account, you stay in there, you give access to only the right people for that email inbox, and then you let your executive assistant be responsible over your main inbox. And that's something that Tim and Matthias are going to talk about tomorrow. What it looks like to have effective communication between your executive assistant and you, so that you're able to effectively, so that they're effectively managing the inbox, but you're staying out of it. You're not letting your mind get cluttered with all those 101 emails that came in today, and you're not you. Letting those notifications ping you when you're supposed to be focusing on something else. So delegating responsibility of your inbox and sitting out of it as much as possible, I want to emphasize that. And lastly, it's important that you give your executive assistant tools for success. So you're going to give them the information they need. Different executive assistants are going to have different personalities. More than likely, you're going to want one who has pays close attention to the details, someone who is wired to make sure things are managed effectively and are not falling through the cracks. Because you don't want to be an irresponsible leader, but you don't have to be the one guarding all these cracks. That's the responsibility of the executive assistant. Get someone who loves that, who enjoys it, who thrives on that, and and give them the tools they need, give them the parameters, give them the details that they need to feel like they have the setup for success, give them tools to grow as a person, and one of those might be watching the replays of this training, which Tim is going to give some more details as Matthias is executive assistant of how He's been able to manage Matthias in box effectively. So let's move into the next, the next type of person who might be on this call, the leader who doesn't have an executive assistant. What I just shared was primarily for those who already have one. But what if you don't have one yet? I would strongly encourage you to consider getting an executive assistant, and maybe now is not the right time. Maybe it is. And so consider the costs involved, but not just the cost, but also look at it as an investment. What am I going to be gaining if I bring on board an executive assistant and perhaps some metrics to look at are, number one, what can i What kind of profitability do I have for every hour of time that I gain, and how much does it cost me to bring on an executive assistant? And if the one outweighs the other, if the one's higher than the other, then who doesn't want to spend money to as an investment that's that's delivering more. So let's just give an example. Let's say you personally make 75 an hour, and let's say it costs 20 an hour to bring on on executive assistant. You might look at your balance sheet or your profit and loss sheet and say, How can I add another $20 an hour? However many hours they be working for you most likely to start part time. How can I add that to my profit and loss sheet? But you're not thinking about how it will impact the profit aspect of that profit and loss sheet. So just look at it as an investment. Am I at the right place in the right time to invest in bringing someone on on board? There's a lot of resources that you have available today that many didn't a few years ago. There's online platforms where you can hire an executive assistant. You don't have to hire them full time. You can bring them on part time, and they may be able to work for as little as a few hours each day, and continue to incrementally increase as you need them, as you need them, and as your company grows. Something else that I want to encourage you is to again, like I mentioned, for those who have an executive assistant, create a private email account and only share it with those who you want to have direct access to use. So what you're going to be doing is you're going to be playing both the leader and the executive assistant, if you don't have one yet. But what you're going to be doing is you're going to be managing two inboxes, not just one. You're going to only be working out of the one most the time. The other is going to sort of be the email that you use for unimportant or less important correspondence. Perhaps it's the email address you give out to the one you don't want to have direct access to you when you're needing to be focused. And perhaps it's the one you're going to use to sign up for

Unknown Speaker  19:30
your you got muted. Okay. Can you hear me now?

Speaker 1  19:40
Okay, well, I apologize, my computer is doing something funny, and I don't know what it is anyway, so you're going to only work out of the private email account throughout the week. And my recommendation is that at a max. When you check the other one once a week. Now you might be like, what if someone goes for seven days without getting an answer? Well, you know, if they need to get a hold of you, they probably have your phone number and they'll probably give you a call. And if you answer seven days late, then it's probably not the end of the world, and if it is, you'll make sure they get access to your priority account. So for myself, personally, over the last it's probably been three months since I started the my new inbox. I can count on my hand how many emails were actually interesting and relevant to me each week, when I open it at the end of the week, and I cannot think of any case in which I was worse off, or anyone was worse off because they got a response on Saturday rather than on Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday. So my encouragement to you is create a private email account, share only with those you want to have direct access to you. Check that one on a regular basis, because most likely it'll be important, and use your main use your other inbox for less important communications, email subscriptions and so forth. Keep the clutter out of your life and only allow it in when you're being intentional about it. So for an executive assistant, let's say you're an executive assistant and you're listening to this, I'd like to encourage you to think about how you can save time for the leader you serve, and how you can clear away clutter so that he or she can have more time and greater focus. So I think those are two important things for you to think about as an A as an executive assistant. Ask those two questions, how can I save more time for the leader I serve, and how can I clear away clutter so that he or she can have more time and greater focus. And you know, the leader you serve is probably a very different has a very different personality than another leader, any other leader, and so you're going to serve in a way that is valued by the leader you serve. And so the way Tim serves Matthias may be very different than the way he would serve someone else. So that's why it's important to think about, how are you going to serve them as an individual? There's no cookie cutter way to accomplish these things. There may be some good principles, but ask them, invite their input. How can I save you more time? How can I clear away clutter from your life? And I think one way to get that conversation started is invite them, not demand, but invite them to watch the replays for this course, it might help get them thinking about things they wouldn't have thought of before, and they might take it better coming from someone else than from you. Something else that I want to encourage you is if you sense resistance to trying new things, which you'll probably sense resistance at times when you're recommending ideas, I suggest framing your suggestions as an experiment. Now here's what that does this. This isn't this is something that I learned from a podcast I listened to regularly by Michael Hyatt, and he recommended experiments as a way across organizations to to help break down resistance to change. And when you frame it as an experiment, there's a low level of commitment. They know if this fails, then it was just an experiment. I don't have a on my face as the leader. And for those who are perhaps resistant to change, they'll be like, Okay, well, I'll give it a try, and if I don't like it, I'll let them know. And so frame it as an experiment. If you're an executive assistant and you're not in your leader's inbox yet, explore it with them. Say. So what would it look like for me to start managing your inbox? Could we experiment with this for a week and see if it works and if it doesn't, then we'll go back to normal. But how about you watch this replay first, and then let's experiment with it for this next week and see how it goes. And my guess is they'll end up biting and enjoying it, because all the time they free freed up in their schedule. So look for ways to help your leader feel safe and not locked into a new way of doing things. Speak their language, learn to speak their language and learn to serve them well. Lastly, and this is just a very practical one, spend time setting up filters and writing email templates. I personally have have throughout the years serving as an executive. Assistant, and now, even as a leader, created quite a few filters, quite a few email templates, things that might save a couple minutes of time, but if it's done repeatedly, saves a lot of time. So as an executive assistant, spend time setting up tools such as filters, email template switch, Tim is going to give you more insight into on how to do that. So at a high level, these are the three. These are the things that I recommend for you wherever you're at highlighting the importance of making sure you have the right executive assistant if you have one, making sure you have a private email account no matter who you are, and making sure that you are focusing on what you're responsible for, what you're called to, and allowing things to fall by the wayside that are not your responsibility and that you are not called to focus on. So yeah, that's all, all I have turn it back over to. I believe Tim is now going to share some here, right? That's

Matthias Miller  26:04
right, I'm just going to jump in, jump in briefly here, and just give a little bit of, a little bit of context. This is kind of where Tim is. Tim is the guy who's, like, super hands on. Ian talked about this, and he's, he's been, he's been very hands on in the process. And up until this, this part of the training, there was some homework yesterday. But up until this part, there was a lot of kind of high level training. And this is, this is where the rubber meets the road, so take it away. Tim,

Speaker 3  26:40
alright. Well, thank you, Matthias little introduction, right for myself. I joined Matthias team last year, last summer, and yes, I do administrative assistant or executive assistant type work for him, as well as other things for for his team, for the company here, one of those things is managing his inbox on a almost daily basis, and we're going to start off with here today is talking about some technical details and getting you into into Some of the tools we use for managing Matthias email. Then tomorrow, the plan is to get into more of the procedure and the process that we use as we use those tools, how we go about it. So some of these things might be things that you're already familiar with, and some of them might be, might be some new things, but I want to lay the groundwork with these technical details a bit so that we talk about a procedure tomorrow that you're more familiar with. With all of that we're on the same page. So I'm going to set up a screen share here so you can see a an example of what Matthias inbox looks like. So you can just let's see Matthias. Could you give me permission to share screen?

Unknown Speaker  28:17
All right, just a minute here.

Speaker 3  28:26
All right, you should be seeing a layout of a Gmail inbox. Is that showing up for everybody? Okay, great. So this is a mock inbox. We have set up an example of what I something like I would I see when I open my sizes inbox

Unknown Speaker  28:49
to to manage it,

Speaker 3  28:52
and we obviously use G Suite for our email. If you use Outlook or some other email client, you can let me know, you can ask, and I'm familiar with Outlook as well, so I could give some some pointers for the technical details on that, but we'll be showing examples here of the Gmail setup. So using G Suite gives us the Gmail layout and features which, which is pretty handy. We have a few in options for inbox layout with with Gmail, but this is one we use. Again, some of those things are going to be matters of preference. How, how dense you want the email showing up, what you want showing up on the left side, whether you want the full labels or the icons, those are, I think, matters of preference, what works best for you or for for your assistant. I'm going to first take a look at the labels or folders that we use. And these are things. That that are the visible structure of the of the tools that we use for managing the email. Gmail has some some default labels that come with the when you when you set up your inbox. Those come first, and you have the option to show or hide, pretty much all of them, the ones that I have, have shown here the inbox where, of course, where the the main dump of emails happens and and one goal of this whole process is to minimize the amount of email in this main Inbox folder and to work at at structuring it out into other other labels, other folders, to make it easy to manage, also to reduce the clutter, reduce unnecessary emails that you're that you're seeing on regular basis, and so that you can go looking for certain emails when you need them. But of course, keeping your Inbox folder empty is not the end goal. It's only a tool, a step toward the direction of the main goal. Another, another folder that we use here, or have shown here, is the start folder, and we can, we can put starred messages in here to show that they're higher priority. As an executive assistant, you could leave emails in there for your leader to come and and check out, that way, he or she doesn't have to to worry about looking through any of the other folders. We also have the snooze folder. If you snooze an email to show back up in a matter of hours or days or weeks, you can stick it in there send folder drafts or a couple other ones I have. I also have the scheduled label set up to show if there are unread messages in there. You can schedule a send for an email to send a later date. And so I find it handy to have that showing up when there's an email waiting to go out. If you want to hide or show certain messages. To manage these labels, you come up to the settings wheel and see all settings and just click on labels, and you have a list for the system labels or the default labels that you can show them or hide them. Or for some of them, you can show them if there are unread messages in them. That's a handy tool. You can see here I have 12345, of these hidden and that that reduces the clutter and the noise that here. If you need to see them, you can simply scroll down to the bottom of this left hand list, and they show up down here. But this enables you to streamline what you what you have. So that's a handy tool, in my opinion. There you can also, if you need to manage your labels, you can also scroll down to the bottom of that list, and there's a quick link to the Manage labels page right there. We also use custom or personalized labels, as you can see here, and I'll go over those quickly here. The call with Matthias label is how we have this one labeled. And this is the main one that I work out. Work out of when I'm managing his emails. We have a daily call where we get on the phone after I have have triaged and sorted through the emails, and we get on the phone, and I go over his emails with him. And this is a handy folder just to put all those emails that need his input or that I need to review with him, others I can delete, archive, move to other folders. This is the one that I work out of when I'm when I'm working with him, and then below that label, below that folder, I can have other other labels that that are related to that. So for example, you see the forward on Friday label. This is one that we have set up for for emails that might be of interest to Matthias or or might be something that's important for him to see, but isn't urgent by any means. So I can stick them in there, and then when Friday comes around, I can go into that label and forward all of those emails over to his to his private email address for him to review Friday afternoon over the weekend, whenever he whenever he chooses to reduces the clutter for him on the low urgency type of type of emails, Google Calendar is another label I have here for for calendar invites. So if someone sends an invitation for a certain. Sent via Google Calendar. We have a filter set up so it automatically goes in there. We can see when there are invitations to things, or when someone has responded to an invite that that Matthias has sent out. It keeps those all together. And again, we can go in there and look at those when when we choose to you can also set up sub labels for different project names or different clients that you have to that you manage, email for, for your for your leader, if you're the executive assistant. So there are different labels that you could set up under that below that you see email subscriptions. We talked about email subscriptions yesterday, and hopefully, hopefully, you have fewer things that you're subscribed to than you did 24 hours ago. But this is a handy tool for for managing those if you if you get so get subscriptions, or further subscriptions you get, you can set up some different folders for the timeframes which you want to review those you can if you want to review certain ones on a daily basis, you can have them come into your daily label, same with a weekly or monthly basis. You can set up labels for different suppliers, for different training courses, for different different groups, different whatever types of subscriptions you you get. If you don't want them to all come into one folder, you can set up sub folders and have them go in there. That way, you can go right to where you you know, you'll find them. And it can cut down on search time.

Matthias Miller  36:39
If I can jump in there a little bit. Tim, if you don't mind, one of one of the advantages of breaking your email subscriptions out on a different time frame is that it forces you to prioritize which email subscriptions are the most important to you. And it it gets you into the mindset of this is somebody who always is sending something valuable, or it's time sensitive, or it's something I want to be in the loop on, and these other things are interesting, but I don't, I don't want to be stay on top of on that same level and forcing you to prioritize that. I think what you'll find, and certainly I'll say what I found, is that the daily, the subscriptions that I prioritize to daily are the subscriptions that that I want to stay engaged with on a long term basis. And the weekly and monthly was kind of my way of saying, Well, I think I should maybe unsubscribe, but I'm not sure. And by categorizing them that way, it kind of took that pressure off of me, and to be honest, it would be, what was my time to go back, or maybe what was Tim's time to go back into into those categories for myself, and take a look at how many of those, especially on the monthly side, how many of those are actually things that I that I still, that are still relevant to me. So

Speaker 3  38:04
All right, thanks, guys. Okay, few more labels here that we have as examples. One would be an accounting label. You can set up emails from from your accounting software or from your accountant to to come into that label again, they're all in one place, and go looking for them. You don't need to to bother with the clutter of of those emails coming in and showing up in your inbox right in front of you. We have other things to focus on. Same with receipts. You can set up a receipts folder for any emailed or or forwarded receipts, digital receipts that you get, and have them in one place for reference, for taxes, whatever you whatever you need those for you can set up a label for your for your website, and have have emails coming in there from design conversations with with Your website designer. You could have your renewal domain, renewal emails coming in there anything is related to your website. So this is these some examples, things that we have in Matthias inbox. But you can keep going with other things too, categorizing different types of emails that you get, breaking them down and and putting them where they belong. Now, to set up the labels, there are a few different ways you can do that. Perhaps the simplest way is just to scroll down to the bottom of this list and click on Create new label. And there you just enter your new label name. If you want to nest it under another label as a sub label. Check your box and you select the parent label from your list. That's one way you can also come through the settings wheel and come down here to create new labels here with the custom labels, then to. To to add a sub label. You can either use that same same Avenue, or you can click on these three dots beside a an existing label and just tell it to add a sub label there. This pane right here is also your your tool for for managing different labels. You can set label colors, so if I want my receipts to to show up with a certain color, I can set the color and any any things that are in there. Oops, wrong thing there.

Speaker 2  40:34
Here's one that shows that that color.

Speaker 3  40:38
If you, if that's helpful to you, you can set other other things there to show or hide it, to edit details. You can just do different things there to to manage, to manage your, your emails, another, another thing that might be handy here is to organize these labels. If you notice these are organized automatically in alphabetical order. And for example, here I want daily, weekly, monthly to show up in a certain order. One little trick that we found for for organizing these is just to add a letter in front of those. So I want weekly to show up before monthly and in that list. So I'll just add a, b, c, to get those going in alphabetical order. And you can see here, I have the letter F in front of accounting. I don't want accounting up here at the top. I want call with Matthias to be my top, my top category there. So I added another letter to move it down below other other labels, so that can be helpful to to put them in order priority. It'd be nice if Gmail had a way to to organize them as desired. And if someone finds a way to do that, I'd be glad to know. But this is the that's a trick we found for doing that so far. Let's see if there's anything else here on the labels, filters. I want to discuss filters briefly just a little bit to add a label to an email, you can simply from the inbox or from any folder. You can simply click and drag it to the to the folder that you want to send it to. You can also, if you're in an email. So here's an example for invitation for for the training tomorrow, I can just come up here to this little icon here and select the label. I can select multiple labels for a for a conversation, or I can just move to a a certain thing. So here I'm sending that to Google Calendar. It's out of my inbox, and it's now in my Google Calendar folder there. All right, we'll talk quickly about filters. Filters are extremely handy tool for for the inbox management. So for example here, I'm going to move that back to the inbox and and show you how I would set up a filter for this. I'm going to click on that. And when you're in the email, click on the filter message like these,

Unknown Speaker  43:28
those three dots the top,

Speaker 3  43:31
this is where you enter your your different information that you want it to filter for. So I'm setting up a filter for the Google calendar invite. So I'm going to

Unknown Speaker  43:45
put the

Speaker 3  43:49
back to this email here. You can copy and paste or type in any text from the email. So this right here is common text that's in pretty much all Google Calendar emails. So I'm going to copy that, come back up here to this arrow has the words and paste that back in and click create filter. And now I'm going to tell it to skip the inbox, because I don't need to come to the inbox and apply the label called Matthias Google Calendar, and just create a filter. And now any emails with that text in the body will go to there, and we'll skip my inbox and and we'll I can go and check them there in that folder. Another, another thing that we can do there. And then the handout notes has some of these tips in it as well. You can select to apply that label to all the conversations that have that information. So if you have previous emails that you want to put into that folder that have that same text,

Unknown Speaker  44:57
you can send them all in, all in at one. Months.

Speaker 3  45:02
You can also, from your main inbox, manage your filters through the settings menu here, through filters and block addresses, you can create new filters. And this might be a place if you have a bunch of filters that you want to set up at once, you just come in here and create new filters from certain addresses to certain addresses, whatever the criteria you want to want to use there. So just a brief review on that. And again, if there were questions later, ask me later, or refer to the handout notes, a couple more things here, just miscellaneous tips. Gmail also has, if I mentioned this earlier, but Gmail has a feature called categories that we don't use. I just have that hidden again through through the Label Settings, you can hide the categories. I just have that hitting hidden. You might find it helpful, but you might not. So

Unknown Speaker  46:03
just a little note there.

Speaker 3  46:08
If you don't use the chat feature, you can also turn that off through the settings. It often will show up here and be kind of an extra block. I don't use the chat setting, so I go through through the settings here, so I don't use the chat. So I go through the settings, come to chat and meet. Just turn off chat. And if you want to hide meet as well, you can hide that. And that way you have more you can see more of your structure here on

Unknown Speaker  46:39
the left hand side,

Speaker 3  46:43
and see now meet is gone as well. You can see the whole whole list on that pain. One more thing before I wrap up. Instead of deleting emails, we normally use the archive function and and the the advantage to that is that they still are hang around and you can still search for them. So if you're done with an email, rather than deleting it, you can just archive it, and then if you want to find it again, it's still available. You just come up here and search for the name, for a subject, the topic on the email. You can find it. If you delete it, it ends up being gone forever, and you don't have it for future reference to archive an email, you have this little icon here, and you can just archive it, and it disappears, but it's still hiding The background. If you have multiple labels, you can still, you can still archive an email from the inbox, and it remains in that folder. So if I apply the Google Calendar label to this and archive it, it disappears from my inbox, but it's still here in the Google Calendar folder, which is, which is handy as well. So that's just a tip that I've learned since, since joining the team here the advantage of using the archive label rather than the than the delete button, and you can search for an archive email and relabel or it move back into the inbox too. So that's just another little tip that that we found helpful. So that's a quick crash course on some of the technical aspects of how we manage Matthias inbox. Like I said, Tomorrow we plan to get into the actual procedure. This is laying some groundwork for that and showing how what kinds of tools we use. Tomorrow we'll go through how we use those tools on a regular basis. So I'll hand things back over to Matthias this

Matthias Miller  48:48
point. Awesome. Tim. Thank you very much for going. I'm seeing some very positive feedback. Thanks for going through that. In Depth, in depth like that. I

Matthias Miller  49:03
i want to re emphasize, and I want to stress the importance of what Tim just went through, because structuring, what we talked about yesterday was about how emails come in, it's sorted by the order of when you got it and and folders and labels are how you get it out of that structure into a way that you can actually prioritize it. One more, just one more tip for you, if you are not an organizer, then, then you don't have to become an organizer. Find somebody who is an organizer, and they will help help you identify what's the natural pattern within your inbox. Like, like, how can we slice and dice these things in a way that makes sense and help you set up those labels? And then, second of all, the filters are huge. I got a lot of mileage out of filters before I ever, even before I ever had a lot of help on my inbox just because. It allowed me to send things to to specific folders, and I would try to I still got distracted. It was still had it set of nightmares, but I was able to go straight into here. I knew, like I knew this was going to be. I knew that if I, if I went into this label, that at least most of this stuff here was actually stuff that I could be working on. So even if I got distracted, I would be distracted I would be distracted into something that was productive. So we're going to what we're going to do. I've got, probably I can go past the hour if we need to, but, and I'm going to duck out and grab some water. I'll have my headset. But why don't we? Why don't we just open it up? I want to hear some feedback from you guys. Here's some questions. And what are ways melody love to get back to actually, let's do this. Why don't we? Sorry, no, let's do that. Sorry, jumping. I'm jumping all over the place. I'd love to hear, hear your feedback, just what you've got so far. Go ahead. Melody,

Speaker 4  51:06
well, first off, honestly, between both of you guys, the added stuff, I'm from a generation that didn't grow up with tech, so some of the things is, it's by osmosis and need that. I even created an email and blah, blah, blah, so I never actually went through a structure of what you just taught Tim was amazing, because I've really never utilized any folders. There's a I have Yahoo because Matthias asked me, you know what? I forget the words he used. It was over my head when you kind of explained the Gmail, I was like, Oh, he's meeting Yahoo, I think so to deal with making folders and stuff I have never done that. You made it look and again, it all makes sense, because I have anywhere from two to 500 emails come into my box because it's just, you know, it's kind of like, I always like it junk mail, you know. So a lot of times I'll just go through, you know, the political stuff that comes in because I surf something, you know, I can go through and delete those once in a while, a tag where it'll confuse me or drag me in. So I can see that will be a huge process to invest my time understanding, because this is where, like I said, for my in Matthias actually, bless him, because he took pity on me, because I'm in this program with him, and I'm just sharing that I am way overwhelmed with tech. Because, again, I've, I've, I picked it up a few times, and I've got some basic knowledge. But nowhere Has there ever been a training such as this for me to go sit and listen to, how do I manage an inbox so incredible information, not because I'm dumb, but because it was so overwhelming. The few times I look at it's like kicking the tire. It's like, well, I can never afford it, so you never walk in the dealership office to ask what the car cost. That's kind of where I've been with the emails. It's like, I get what I need. I look for, you know, like Matthias for this. It's like, I look for that. I click on that, and I go, you know, I delete some, I answer some, but most of, most of it is really, I don't know what to do with most of the email. Then I read a few articles and that kind of stuff. So it really has never been a tool. It's kind of like, it's like getting the really pretty cosmetology catalog, and I look through it and it's a dream place, or I talk, or I communicate church, people send me an email and I can get the information. I don't never, I really don't email people back. Um, but again, I'd say, when you guys, Matthias has a little knowledge, but I am program director for a horse and program and God is drawing me into taking it online and doing some virtual and opening up a membership site and a bunch of stuff. So I've been bombarded the last two months with a huge amount of tech. Um, God has grown me through the amount of stuff. Um, Tim, you just really opened up my horizon, so to speak with, Oh, I could do some of this stuff now. Again, while you're talking, I pull up my YouTube thing and it's like, oh, but bummer, because those neat little Gmail things are not on my thing, so a little concern with, Okay, I'm going to have to find how to get to my settings tool, but I didn't want to get distracted while you guys are training, so I'm going to play with that. But huge, honestly, 100% what I needed. So thank you. So that's my input.

Matthias Miller  54:42
Awesome. The good news is, I'm just did a quick search. There is a, I'll send you this in Messenger melody so that you've got it. There's a, I found a step by step on how to configure filters in Yahoo. So thank you. Yes, it's the same. The concept is. Is very, very similar. And if you've got the concept and and you've got this, I'm hoping, well, that

Speaker 4  55:06
was, it was beautiful. I mean, honestly, like, I'm like, Gal, that makes so much sense, because even the archive stuff, I I've deleted things and I regretted it. So, like I said, that is so fruitful information for me. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  55:24
One other thing I wanted to mention in regards to deleting emails, I think a lot of people get stuck in the oh, just delete this, this subscription email, this mass email, subscription marketers are required by law to give you an option to opt out of emails that they send you and and some people wonder, like, is the unsubscribe link? Like, is it okay? Like, is it going to track me? I mean, if they do, then, then they're they're violating. I mean, that's they're violating. Can spam and so, so rather than spending, you know, deleting those emails every single day, going in and unsubscribing is a huge boost for that. Yeah, Monique, did you? Did you have any, any thoughts, feedback, questions,

Speaker 5  56:17
I like the understanding of, you know, getting an executive assistant, and, you know, being a little more productive, and what you are good at your strengths. And then also, you know, the functionality of email is very important. I have, I've been a part of another teaching where they advocated to be a part of unroll me. And I sometimes like that, and then sometimes I'm like, I wish I didn't have it, because then I want to look it up, and I can look it up, but it's, it's kind of embedded in there, and you have to go through all the ones anyway. So it's like, I don't want to do that. So I would prefer to just get out of enroll me and do the filters like y'all were talking about. You know, it's, I think it'll be more my style of how I think,

Matthias Miller  57:18
yeah, sounds good. I I've also heard people are on both sides of the fence with enroll me. Some people are strong advocates. They also make their money on data. So some people are concerned about some of the privacy issues using a service like that. But one of the things, another great tip for you guys, is that you can move them into a folder and you can mark them as red. So you could have certain subscriptions if you don't want your and this be even be great, especially for your monthly subscriptions folder, or maybe even your weekly is have them go in there and just mark them as red. And that way, when you're going in there, it doesn't it's not grabbing your attention. So that can be another tool.

Unknown Speaker  58:01
So

Matthias Miller  58:03
jumping back melody to your question at the beginning of the call. So, so you will log into your you'll open your browser and go to Yahoo to check your email. Is that correct?

Speaker 4  58:11
Yes, yep. And I learned that through what what you were actually asking. So yes, I have Yahoo.

Matthias Miller  58:18
Okay. And then when you close, when you close out your browser. You close Yahoo. Do you ever get anything showing up on your screen saying, hey, you've got some emails?

Speaker 4  58:27
I believe there is a little tag that'll pop up when sometimes it's scrolling through my email box. But again, I have a very basic Mac so I don't know. Usually what I do is I leave the I leave the screen open while I'm surfing. So then that box is always coming up as emails are loading when i x out. I don't think that I actually have an alert process come up. Is that make sense? Am I answering what you're asking me? Yeah, that's

Matthias Miller  58:59
my question. And then. And so there's and so one of the things, well, let me take a step, a step back with this. Thank you. There are, there are two ways to manage your email. One is through a piece of software that's designed specifically for email, and it can connect with it can connect with Yahoo, with Gmail, with, you know, outlook.com addresses or or all of these other types of addresses, and that's a program that you install on your computer. But then you can also use your web browser, the same place you go to search Google, the same place you use to to, you know, low Click Funnels or anything like that, where you were in there, you also can can access your your mail. And how alerts work is a little different for for each of those with you, you can configure it to give you alerts you.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:06
Shoot.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:12
He might have gotten frozen there.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:14
Okay, I'm like, did I just lose you guys?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:19
I think we lost him. Okay,

Speaker 4  1:00:23
my stuff does crazy stuff when I and that's why, when guys are laughing about when Ian's stuff went goofy. I thought it's because I'm online. Guys, there's things that go on with tech that are I hope you're laughing with me when I share how basic I am. But again, I so am blessed to to structure with these kinds of programs and get this basic training. Because I actually, in the last two months, got really familiar with googling training videos with YouTube and that kind of stuff, which I had not been doing, just not even looking for training, just calling myself that generation that wasn't familiar, and using that as my excuse. So not a great one. I'm sure you guys as young men have probably dealt with my generation and older that simply don't want to learn, and they use that excuse because it is user friendly, and that's that is why I was just overwhelmed. Because anytime I had tried to do stuff, when I trained into computers, it was the original program was, if you didn't back out of 10 million things, you'd lose your stuff. So there was so much rigidity about a computer that I learned a huge amount of respect, slash fear, which is why I don't like to get into stuff, because when the computer asked me, you know, what do you want to do? You know, yes or no, delete this. Yes or no. A lot of times I say no, because I don't know, I might just screwed up the computer. But that became this overwhelming fear of why my mailbox looks like it does. Some of the things are going on that I haven't done, but it's been overwhelming, because nowadays I find myself so far behind, and most young people that have the familiarity get frustrated with me. So finding YouTube as a trainer and I can hit replay, replay, but I am thankful for because, like I said, this was a really, I didn't realize I'm like, Oh my gosh. I've never, I've never had anybody share how an inbox even works. So that was just really gold for me. Mm hmm. Really gold. So cool. Very good. Is he gonna make it back?

Speaker 3  1:02:45
I think. So we're working on it here. Yeah, one other thing that I'll mention while he's coming, okay, he looks like he's coming back on one other thing I'll mention quick is I mentioned the the call with mass folder. I'm sorry, the the forward on Friday folder where i i forward things over to him for for someone who's who's doing, managing their own inbox, like Ian mentioned, the leader without an assistant, or even just someone with their personal inbox. A folder like that could also be helpful. Instead of a forward on Friday via a read on Friday or read on Saturday or Monday, you could set a day when you when you read those newsletters that come in, or an email comes in that you want to read, but you know you shouldn't read it right now, because it's going to be a big distraction. You just slide it into that, into that folder, and you have it there for, for when you do have five minutes to read it, or when you do have heavier designated time for that. So that's one, one application for, for someone who doesn't have a an assistant and

Speaker 2  1:03:59
is forwarding stuff over. All right, thank you. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  1:04:04
I or my, my internet died here. I have no idea what's going on, which is problematic, but so I'm on my phone, and I completely lost where it was going, so just jumping back in.

Speaker 4  1:04:19
Well, I think when we were just kind of, like I said, being able to take the ability of all the different things and train through, you know, for me, Matthias, it really has, this is a huge, you know, I'm just thankful that, first off, Holy Spirit, which, again, you know, my faith is simply knowing that God knew my needs, and you provided very well. So I am going to, I see it's come up on my messenger, utilize that and get through there. And then, guys, I may have some questions regarding how to do some stuff, but that that Tim just gave us another piece for the email on Fridays thing. Because, again, it, you know, really, this is why. I I always say to people, I can't do computer and horses, because when I know I've got fences and horse things that need to be done, and they're physical and they're needing time, when I feel like I sit on the couch, because that's where my office is using this computer, I feel like I end up on bunny trail. I end up opening that email and that newsletter, and exactly, it's like, I shouldn't have opened it. Yes, I want to read it, but I've never even designated time to say, here's my office day. So really, really, just some good structures. So I, you know, I'm, I'm eternally grateful for this time. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  1:05:38
Well, I'm, I'm excited for you, because tomorrow we'll we'll tell you how I probably get in a good mile and a half every day. Maybe a mile kind of depends on my calls and meetings. And so if you want to go this route there, there could actually be a way for you to be taking care of the horses, fixing fences, doing those types of things, as long as you've got good cell phone phone coverage and a good headset and be managing email that way. So I'm excited for you for that tomorrow. One more tip I wanted to throw out, and Tim, maybe we should. We can put this in the final document, the final document that we sent out then, but that we sent out tomorrow. But one tip for email subscriptions is every every marketer is required to put their address into the into the email. So if there's ever an an individual who is not only friends with you but also sends you emails, you can filter emails based on whether they have the address in the in the text of the email, so any email coming from them with their address can go to your subscriptions folder. And there may be some times when your filters aren't set up correctly and it ends up in the wrong place, but that way, the personal emails from them can be prioritized differently than those email subscriptions. So that's just another tip in getting that set up. So good. Well, I have hopping on another call in about five minutes. My internet is back, fortunately for that, so I am going to be going to be doing that. Thank you guys for going along for the ride with us. Tomorrow, we're going to be going through actually, homework, homework, homework for today is go through, and I'm going to be sending out an email with some of these, some of these labels. You can watch the replay to get, get a picture of some of the the ideas that that Tim set up. So the homework for today is come up with those categories, set up, those, those, those labels or folders and then go through the process of at least setting up a handful of a handful of filters so that you at least get familiar with the process. You don't need to set it up for your whole inbox. That's something that you can continue doing on an ongoing basis. So every single day, as things come in, you can be like, well, this, this this should automatically have gone over here. This should automatically have gone over there. So you have time to do that. But I want you to get deep enough into filters so that tomorrow, if you do have additional questions on how to actually set up those filters, that that we can provide you, provide you with some support on that as well. So that's it. That's what we got. And we will see you guys at 8am mountain time tomorrow, same time, alright? Thank you guys. Yeah, you bet. Thanks. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai