Matthias Miller  00:00
All right, so six by six family. So here's, I'm not sure I'm having, really, really having struggles with my with my live stream. So hopefully this is working. There we go. All right, six by six family. Here we are having trouble with my live stream. Looks like this is working. Now I'm actually going to try to tag Rick in the comments. I couldn't tag him in the message, but I had a dream last night, and in the dream there was this Can't, can't pull together all the details, but, but, but there was something about it seemed like the dream was for Rick or about Rick, and that was the closest. It was actually the the sense that I had was in the dream, I couldn't remember your name, there was just kind of like the about you and who you are and and in the dream, it was like you found this niche where you were able to charge $1,000 a month for for your engagements. And it was a, it was like, you found this super highly profitable niche and and this niche was then able to propel you to like, this was kind of the starting point, like, like, for the training business and stuff like that. It was like this, this way that you could then teach other people how to fish in this, this pond as well, and, and I don't know if this is actually like, you know, I don't know if that that dollar amount is like, like, actual or figurative, or, I also don't know if the industry is like, actual or figurative, but like, but like, in the dream, it was in the podcasting there was something in the podcasting space. And then the dream, I remember pulling up a list of kind of like comparable, comparable prices. Hey, good morning, Melody, comparable prices, or something like that. And it was like everybody else was charging like $10 $10 per month or $10 per episode, for whatever it was that you were doing. And and again, I I'm just sharing this. I don't know if this makes sense or even resonates. I think if there's any to take away from it, I think, I think it may be that God has a a way for you to provide a tremendous amount of value, using your skills and kind of having it repackaged in a different way. And again, I don't know if it means, like, I mean, I know podcasting is kind of the new radio. So I'll even stop, like, trying to interpret that train, but, but, but, just to kind of briefly recap, it was like everybody else was charging dollars per episode or something like that. And and you found a way to have, like, $1,000 per month offer that in a in a specific niche, and in the dream it was related to podcasting. But I don't know if that's, that's actually reality. So I don't know if that's encouraging to you. I don't know if it's just wanted to share that, and if it's, if it's helpful, then yay. And if, if not, absolutely feel free to disregard, take care. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai