Matthias Miller  00:01
All right, so homework assignment. I know there's more more stuff coming yet to worksheets and stuff to fill out, but I wanted to get this out there. So through this training, I've really been through the 414 I've been working pretty hard to narrow down my field of favor and my who, and I've really been struggling with that. So just a little bit of background. Last year we made about 130k and that was split between some software coding that I've been doing, which is not my thing at all. I'm I've been told I'm really skilled at it, but it is extremely draining for me to do it. Some of that was also running, doing sales and support QA and high level design for in partnership with my brother, who also has a software company. Those projects were for. Well, there's been one project that we did, that we did that was an integration with lead gen, between lead gen and CRM. There's another project. Other projects have been business management solutions, like order management, workflow management, other types of things like that, different types of database solutions. So that's where the money has been coming from. We have not been able to to get to scale with any of those things that we've been doing a lot of custom projects. Looking back, all of my success has been in the software slash tech space. So what I've been kind of been looking at, but, but I have a very strong kind of people focus and bent. So what it was originally looking at, was working with, was, was tying those two together and helping, basically helping software manage. Software managers deal with underperforming team members by adjusting responsibilities, understanding, understanding different, different things along those lines. And I was actually just on the verge of, of, of doing a kind of a five day challenge, kind of around that topic. And I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to, you know, obviously, if I run ads, ads, I can do that for, for for that segment. Of course, the downside is that this is probably one of the industries that's been affected the least by all of this, and so I don't know if that even makes sense. I guess part of it is there's kind of this long term thing that's that was, that's in there as well, just a little bit of context as well. We've spent probably about the last year exploring nonprofit consultancy, and obviously financials are a huge issue there. And so if we could come up with some kind of Fundraising Planning or some kind of financial analysis to help them trim fat off their organization, that could be a thing. I don't know that financial analysis is necessarily my field of favor. There's definitely ways that we could, that we could tie into that but and so that could be one way to break into that market. I'm having a moment of questioning, even with that, because there's a lot of scarcity and poverty thinking, and I'm not sure if I'm up to fighting that, like, is that a now thing, or is that a later thing, and what else was there? I mean, there have been, there have been different, different other ideas in the in the software space. Another option is, is helping people who, who are taking on software projects, launching software projects, and are getting absolutely blindsided, if you don't know how to run a project, it can be absolutely it can be a nightmare. There's so many stories of people having double or triple the budget with only, like, halfway through to completion, and like twice the timeline. So it's like, horrible things go sideways, and so help that's, that's another option for the offer. So all of that and yet. So here's, here's another one I've been kicking around. And this is this. This maybe when I think about the next four to six weeks, this is kind of the one that pops to mind the mind, the best, the best thing, hopefully all the other context is helpful. But the thing that pops into mind, I was able to license a PR course from Andrew O'Brien, who ran PR for Russell Brunson and Caleb Maddox, among others. And so it's basically a course that helps people. I mean, it's basically to get earned media, or PR could be used to get on podcasts, on local local media, other other stages as well. This is not my own product. I've gone through it. I've done it. I've used it somewhat for some local publicity and stuff. My only concern is that you, I really want to make sure this gets into the hands of people where it's actually beneficial and valuable, because again, watching, I forget the person who was doing the live previously. But sorry, I forget your name. So bad, but, but you were talking about your your self. Publishing thing and stuff like that. So with that, as a PR course, he used to sell it for $2,000 he's got training on how to get a virtual assistant, or, obviously, you can do it yourself to help you with that. It's, it's, it's about generating this, how to build a story, how to do the research. And one of the really key things that he, he emphasizes, is how to do the pitch. I was able to license 600 media contacts from him back when he was running, running his agency. He ran a seven figure agency, as well as some of the templates that they use for that. He had started developing a software platform to go along with this. I think I could knock out. I could replicate most of that platform in a few days, probably. So that's definitely an option that we could tie into that as well. One of the biggest questions with that, then, is who is, who is my who? You know, we've we're exploring smaller software companies who maybe want to do PR in house. Given my background in tech, I think bigger companies are going to want to outsource it anyway, we've looked at other kind of knowledge expert place. I mean, maybe it's a knowledge expert thing. It's a, you know, whether it's, it's certain types of coaches or other types of kind of expert businesses. The other thing that we did look at, look at, or that I've been thinking about as well, is like recently published authors or other other people like that who are wanting to take advantage of this time to get on people's podcasts and stuff like that, or other ways of getting media. So if we could do that product in combination with some kind of coaching experience, or like group coaching type of experience, that could maybe be an interesting path to that I've got enough background in in kind of the marketing space that I'd be very comfortable doing that. I'm a little maybe a little hesitant, just because it is still a new field for me, but, but I still think there's a lot of opportunity to provide value. And again, they're like, there's this little bit of a of a maybe a little bit of a check there is, like, I want to make sure that I'm actually delivering, like, maximum value to these people and creating incredible breakthrough for them. So those are my thoughts. And again, needing, needing the thought I had had it nailed down more than I did. And then when you shared what you did, Pedro, I realized that I'm really needing help narrowing in my narrowing my, my offer, my who, my what. So there's where I'm at. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai