Matthias Miller  00:00
A good day, good day, good day, amazing day. So here's some thoughts for you. I'm really interested people talk about predictions and the new normal and all this stuff. And I know there's a lot of like, hurrah around that and all that stuff. I'm really curious what's going to happen after the dust settles. Because here's the thing, there are people who are having the opportunity for the first time in a very, very long time to decompress from the responsibilities that they've held for a very long time. And it's not true for everybody. There's a lot of people working harder than ever. There's a lot of people who are off work and stressed out. There's a lot of people who are off work and they have time to to decompress. And I think that there are people for whom this is a this is a Let My People Go kind of moment where they've been in situations where it's not been a good fit and and I think, I think this is a really interesting opportunity for them to kind of break out of that cycle. And one of the things I'm actually going to be talking about, what is it tomorrow, is about the cycle of that that keeps people like, like, the momentum that builds that keeps people away from their superpower. It's like, it's like, it's almost like a force field that like, you're either in it or you're you're protected against it. And so we're going to be looking at that. So if you're running a team, I think here's the interesting thing. I think, I think if you're running a team, you have a really interesting opportunity as people regroup and regather, to take a look at what kind of space they're in when they're back. And I think, I think there's a very good chance you'll find some great opportunities to reorganize and to maybe reassign responsibilities, or just to to adjust things through this, through this time. And if you show up at my at the Discover your superpower mini course, we're going to talk about this, and we're going to talk about other things as well. So I encourage you to drop a comment. I'll shoot you more information. It is Wednesday and Friday at let's see if I get the times right. 1pm Mountain Time. So do the all the the time, time zone adjustments. And if you can't make it there live, we'll get you a replay, and we are going to have an absolutely fantastic time there. So hey guys, hey Jacques, Hey Richard. Just talking a little bit about about kind of this whole shift that's happening for for some people. I know it's not happening for everybody, but I think there's some interesting opportunities for people who are who are decompressing from from kind of the mold that they've been forced into so talking about it more at my super, super, power mini event. So hope to see you guys there. Can't wait, super excited. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai