Matthias Miller  00:01
Hey guys, good day, good day. I'm catching up on my homework and on the good soil homework. So here it is. I am good soil. I think this is so cool. I think it's over the last number of months, this kind of reality has kept going deeper and deeper and deeper into my heart and the more that I hang out around Pedro and the 414 the rest of you four fourteeners and all of that, the more that becomes a a deeper reality in my heart. So super excited I am good soil, and in a season of really pouring into that and investing that, and there's something that hit me with this recent that was it yesterday morning or the night before a lot of this stuff around around, the types of types of people that I'm around really started to surface. And I realized that kind of with this whole whole good soil thing is part of protecting the good soil is protecting it from from from weeds and from other stuff that grows up and chokes out the life from from that. And I, I know Peter said something way back in the beginning about how you see so many people offering their gift in different arenas where it's not welcomed, and because of that, they walk away with woundedness. And part of protecting the soil is having a healthy wall around your your garden, I suppose. And this has been, it's been a major revelation for me. And just realizing that I have, I have, for whatever reason, martyr complex, or some other kind of complex, I don't even know what, but, but for some reason, I have pursued convincing people and helping people who don't want my help, and I think it's almost easier. It's kind of ironic, when you pursue people who don't want your help, then you know, as as an with orphan thinking that it's okay if people that it's almost better if people reject you, because it reinforces your own mindset. And if people actually accept you and want your help, then it's kind of like, you know, this classic worldview that that you've got. And so I think, I think, you know, maybe, maybe it's a, I don't know what it is, but, but I spent way too much time with people who didn't want my help, and making that shift of finding the people who really do want my help where I can add value to and where it's easy to to contribute. So that's part of my takeaway with this whole thing of good soil, not only like it's it's that it's protecting the soil, and it's also continuing to pour into that soil through through 100x and all this other stuff that's going on in here. So super excited. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai