Matthias Miller  00:01
All right. What an amazing session. So here's one, one takeaway from from today, that if you allow your people to the people that you serve, to continue doing what you're doing, and you don't create scarcity or urgency for them to take a step forward into what they need to do, you are allowing them to continue doing what's not working, and you're doing them a disservice by doing that. And I am realizing that I have, I've done my clients a disservice, or my prospects a disservice by by not creating that urgency and scarcity and and that many of them are continuing to struggle because I haven't. I haven't stepped in. So that was a huge takeaway. And just the whole, the whole thing, of the of the offer, taking notes wildly during the call. And there's a lot of things that are coming together for me on that. So thank you. Thank you, Pedro, for for the for the session. I also wanted to share some some things from my experience with other coaching programs and and, you know, just kind of, kind of on my journey. This is my first time in the 100x accelerator. I've done a challenge with Pedro before, and here's what I can tell you, if you are new to entrepreneurship, you can save yourself a boatload of money and a boatload of heartache and a lot of frustration. There are a lot of people in this space who are extremely talented at at selling you what you want and not delivering what you actually need. And this is not true across the board. I'm not trying to paint pictures of that or anything like that. This is not necessarily true across the board, but there's definitely, there's definitely that one of the best gifts that you can have in terms of looking who to who to engage with and who to follow, is, there's, it's simply the gift of discernment, which is, which is, does this person know my problem? Can they? Can they, can they demonstrate to me that they know the path out of it? And and, yeah, are they going to, are they going to follow through? And then? And then, with that too, there is this thing of of just gaining confidence in yourself and trusting, trusting that you are worth sowing, sewing into. I have made. I have invested, I myself have invested a lot of money into a lot of different trainings. And there have been some trainings that I have engaged with over a period of, probably, this is because I was wrangling with them, because they weren't providing value. But some of them over a period of of even, even as much as as a few years. And getting, getting, this is horrible, spending a lot more money than 100x and getting, getting fewer results and fewer progress than what we've seen in this challenge. So, um, yeah, I just want to encourage you guys that that if, if you're on the fence, you know there's, there's definitely situations where you know it may not be be right for you, but if you're on the fence, please, please, please, take it seriously. What what you have to offer, or what Pedro has to offer, and the opportunity that you have here, you're, you're among friends, and you're among people who are, who are intent on helping you out. And, yeah, I don't know. I think it's absolutely incredible what Pedro and the team are doing. And I wish, I wish I had jumped in earlier, but I didn't. But here I am, and I'm super excited for what's coming and super excited for what we're building. Yeah, so that's it, simple as that, appreciate being part of this group, appreciate the the momentum and all the effort that the team is putting in, and hopefully I will see you in the 100x accelerator.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai