Matthias Miller  00:01
Happy Tuesday to all of you guys, super, super, super excited about mini course I'm putting together this week on, man, I can't even remember the the title. It's about finding your superpower and and here's, here's the basic premise that all of us were born with a superpower. We continue developing it and get getting better at it, but most of us never actively use it. And here's one of the things that I've kind of realized with this whole thing. A lot of people will tell you that to use to find your superpower, find what you're really good at. You should take the desk. You should take the Colby, the Berkman, the Myers Briggs, the Enneagram, the fill in the blank, whatever the the preferred profile choice is, and doesn't work for everybody. And here's, yeah, and there's a reason why, and it's been one of the reasons why I've started to experience success moving into my into my superpower. But hey, not everybody's using it. Not everybody's doing it. It's actually going down to the root issue of why those kinds of, why those kinds of of tests and assessments don't work. And so in this mini course, I'm going to be talking about how to get down past the root of all of that, and going just beyond, yeah, let's face it, like you have to go beyond just the like, like, we like, to create structure around people. And like, like, kind of systematize people. And there's value to like, being able to to kind of understand what makes different people tick and and all of that, but you still have to be able to work with people as people, and that's part of getting down to the root issue and and actually making sure that these types of types of assessments work. So join me for the mini course. We're going to have an absolutely fantastic time, and you're going to get a ton of value in a very short amount of time for little, little bit of money. And so drop, drop your, drop a comment in the in the post if you haven't signed up yet, and I'll get you the details, and I will see you. Then bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai