Matthias Miller  00:01
Hey guys, I wanted to come on and share something that happened earlier this afternoon. And I have been, I have been wrestling with my who and my what, and now I'm not sure if it's wrestling or confusion or running, or which one it is. One of the for the past year, we've been focusing on consulting with the nonprofit sector, and literally, a week ago today, we had a virtual event scheduled for addressing some of the current issues that are going on for them. And don't have time here to go into the details of that, but had had a number of sign ups, a lot of interest, a lot of favor with it, some really incredible bonuses to go with it, some really incredible favor to go with it as well. And just this, I mean this one contact with this person who who offered to connect us with a multi state region in order to get the word out on on this, but the format wasn't correct. Um, I think it would be much better served as a challenge. And I realized some things I was talking to somebody about who was wanting more information about the nonprofit sector this afternoon, and I just shared with her, and I was like, Look, one of the big things that that they're wrestling with right now is is scarcity thinking and scarcity mindset and poverty thinking and and it's really, there's, there's this really strong orphan mindset on here. And I have to think about, I mean, the the whole story of Egypt and Moses. I'm sorry, yeah, now Egypt and Moses has, has been on my mind recently, and I'm convinced that whoever can lead these people out of that will receive the spoils of Egypt. And if I'm completely honest, I've been intimidated by some of the other players in the space, because they have actually come off as fairly, really arrogant and cocky and kind of snobbish against against other people. And I've kind of let that intimidate me. When I have shared the things that I have shared about this stuff, I have gotten nothing but good feedback and just recently did some not directly related trainings, but did some trainings that are somewhat connected, and got absolutely rave, rave reviews from it. And so now here I am back reconsidering and looking at this, and really, more than reconsidering just asking, God, God, where? Where is it that you would have me to sow seeds? There's absolutely there's tremendous opportunity right here, and there's so many things that, if I actually set my mind to it, and let go of the fear and intimidation and some of my own scarcity thinking, there's incredible amount of opportunity here to help an incredible amount of people and to hit the six six figures in six weeks. I definitely need help structuring it, but so I wanted to invite you guys for any kind of prayer. It feels like my mind has absolutely been absolutely been assaulted the last number of weeks, just a lot of confusion and double mindedness, and just like, I don't know, just craziness, and really want to get into place of clarity and peace and and commit to something so that I can set my face like a flint and go pursue This thing and take back the territory that's mine. So, yeah, that's what's on my heart. So I would I welcome any kind of any kind of welcome prayer, any kind of prophetic insight, any kind of wisdom that you guys have. And one of the things I'm going to be doing is putting together, filling out the WHO worksheet, again, with this in mind, because I think this is another very good candidate, and actually maybe even, you know, rewriting some of the copy that I have written from before, from this prior event. So yeah, I that's, that's where I am, and appreciate you guys. Have a great night. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai