Matthias Miller  00:15
All right, well, we are live. So a very, very happy New New Year to all of you guys in Facebook land, watching watching this. If you're joining live, drop a comment below. Let us know you're here. If you are watching the replay, drop comment as as well. If you've got questions, feel free to send it in as a DM or as a comment. We'd love to, we'd love to hear from you, but I'm here with Ian, our advisor on this, on our software projects, and what I wanted to talk to you guys today is about something that we've been working on in the past. Actually, just this past. It's been, this past week, to be honest, has been around simplifying the concept of systems, for, for as a way for to make it something that really makes sense. Hey, Corey, welcome. Glad to see you so. So here's, here's the thing, I think systems is systems, or systems thinking, is generally geared for people who are in the engineering space, in the kind of that technical space, and if you're in that space, if you have that kind of background, a lot of these things make sense, but if you're not from that background, I think sometimes it's just like, systems is just a word that's kind of confusing. It's it's like, what does it mean? How do I use it? Like, what all that. So I was talking with one of my team members last week, and he's been working on around this concept of, how do I actually apply systems in my day to day life? And I think a lot of us get to this point, especially as business grows, where we start becoming overwhelmed. We're too busy. We have juggle priorities. And he was wrestling with these same issues in his personal life, and really try to figure out, like, how do I simplify my personal life so that I can manage my time more effectively and and in reality, it's the same problem. It's just applied in a different context, in the business context versus versus personal context. And had a very fascinating conversation, and we're not going to be able to get into everything today, because there was a whole lot more that came out of that conversation. But one of the things that that became very, very clear in this that as your as your business is growing, as you're looking to take on more responsibility and take on more business. One of the great examples is understanding really systems comes down to structure. And when you think about a building, a building has a certain type of structure, and not just a certain type. It has a certain amount of structure. One of the things we talked about in previous lives is just about the fact that having the right amount of structure is actually one of the one of the really important decisions in knowing how to build things out. Now with this, one of the things that that my team member mentioned, Tim mentioned, was that it's also important to understand the interior structure. And every room has a certain amount of doors or number of windows, certain size of certain types of walls, certain types of openings and those and those types of things. And I think one of the things that's often challenging for people, as they become more successful and as they as they take on more business or as they take on team members, is figuring out in their life where where should the walls be, and where should the doors be? Where should the windows be? How many windows there are certain people who have an open door access into their life. So they it's kind of like a pavilion, and you've got the the four corner posts, and it's wide open. You got tables underneath. People come and go as they please, and and so that's one extreme of of that you can you can live your life literally, literally like that. And when you don't have, when you're in this place where there's not a lot of people walking past the pavilion, like, it doesn't really matter, like, like, you can, you can, there's going to be one or two people who drop by to have a conversation with you, and it's not going to deter you that much. But if you're, if you're beside a I mean, Ian is in the middle of New York City, so if you have pavilion there through beside a heavily trafficked path, you're not going to get that same kind of, I mean, maybe people will walk past you and not talk to you anyway, but, but you'll have a lot of a lot of people going past now, there's the other Extreme, which is a bunker which is architected completely differently, and, and you minimize the number of entrances and and, like, it's basically, it's it's locked down. And then there's this whole range in between, of of different types of different types of kind of structure that you have. So one of. The ways that you can think about this in your business. Well, first of all, let's start with your personal life. One of the ways you can think about it in your personal life is, where are the doors and windows in my personal life? Where do people have access to come into and to go out of how much access should they have and how much, how much space do I need to to I don't know, just basically, to manage myself. There are different types of structure for different different seasons of life and different seasons of business. Most times when people are overwhelmed is because they have too much foot traffic going through their house, or they've got too many open doors, too many open windows, and they need to find a way to have doors and windows that are open only for what they are specifically, what they specifically did in that season. I want to get into just a little bit as well how to actually apply some of these, these concepts, in terms of the actual operations of the business. But Ian, jump in, curious to hear, hear your thoughts.

Speaker 1  06:11
Yeah, so that's a really interesting analogy, comparing systems to structure in a house. And I like how you pointed out that, depending on the purpose of of the building, what that will determine what type of structure and how the structure should be be designed. I think, I think that's really important to remember that as we're looking at developing systems processes in our life. In our life, we have to take a step back and even look at what is the purpose of this, of this system, of the structure. What? Why do I need structure in my life? What am I? What is my end goal? So that you build a system that's actually going to help you rather than constrain you, right? So I know I remember, on our last live, you had talked about how a structure can actually hinder rather than help if it's not the right fit, and we were just talking about that. And I think something that I've seen in my own life is that giving myself the flexibility to adjust systems along the way is is some a freedom that that I need for myself, and even for a business as a business changes and grows, it's important that they're not locked in to, well, this is the system we've always had, because you outgrow systems, you reach different phases, and so your needs change. But yeah,

Matthias Miller  07:53
one of the things I had to think of when you were talking about that just briefly, Google it here. I haven't really done much research, but as I recall George burger Campbell, when he was writing the famous composition Messiah, locked himself into a room for hours, maybe even days on end, and poured his heart and soul into that. And it made me think about what you were talking about, the end goal. I think there's a big difference between between locking yourself out and locking yourself in like, like, there's a if you're, if you're, again, just take another extreme example. But if you are placing the solitary confinement, that's, that's you're really in reality. You're blocked out of the rest of the world. But if you are, if you are in the middle of composing what will be a masterpiece that will last for 300 years, like and, and you close the doors and, and, you know, pull the blinds and focus in, you're locked into something. And I think having that clarity in terms of, like, here we are 2021 a lot of people are talking about goals. Lot of people are talking about getting locked in Division, which is great, but, but really, at the end of the day, it comes down to being locked into that. And when you understand what you are locked into, what you're focusing on, what you're obsessing over, what you which you really want to what you what want to accomplish in your words, what's the end game that we're after. It really provides context of meaning for for the systems of structure that we put in place

Matthias Miller  09:33
with that too. I think, I think one of the, one of the things that we commonly see and in kind of the evolution of life is, is a lot of the people that we work with do have a hard, a huge heart for serving other people and helping other people and and many times it's kind of this, this mindset shift of letting go of the guilt of not being able to to help everybody. Understanding that you can't help everybody. You won't help everybody. And and you know, through that, giving yourself permission to narrow it and focus for a lot of people, just as an example, I think, I think for a lot of people, in terms of, there's some things like close, personal relationships, personal friendships, personal recreation, family, those types of things are things that can end up taking a back burner in light of all of this. And again, having the appropriate doors, windows and walls can help you become locked into that, because, in reality, that that is a huge part of your either the pathway to the to your legacy, or the legacy itself that you're leading. I also wanted to touch briefly just a little bit just in terms of applying internally in your business, there's a way of visualizing your business when you understand that each of the different departments or each of the different teams has its own way of doing things and and in a lot of ways, when, when you're small, it's easy to have kind of this. I mean, imagine, imagine basically an expo, like a showroom floor, and you have little booths all throughout and people walking, wondering from one booth to the next, and talking to each other, and all of those types of things. And that's how life is in a small in a small startup, growing business. But as it grows, you can't continue to have like, again, fun, fun, Physics Factor like like sound grows exponentially based on the people who are, who are in the space. And so you need adding one person to the space. You need, you need more than just twice the amount of room in order to keep the sound manageable. And so the noise within a business like that really becomes unbearable and and becomes distracting. So really, what you're looking to do is to transition into infrastructure where you can have independent departments that are working together. They have communication and conversation within that, but with a limited number of doors and windows interfacing out to the other departments where they have the right kind of communication, the right type of communication, the right amount of amount of communication with with other departments. You know, just just, I mean, we implement this. We not only implement this in our software projects, but we also implement this help our clients implement this as well. Where, when we're talking to somebody having preliminary conversations with them about about a project that we want to do for them, they want us to do for them, there's this, there's this doorway between from when they are interested to when they actually enroll and become a paying client, and there's a, there's an initial engagement that we usually have with them, and there's a second engagement that we typically have in that process. And in each of those points, there is a doorway where there's a, there's a distinct handoff from one team to the next. And it's basically, let's assemble this package. Let's carry it out through the door, take it into the next door. Let's drop it on their desk, and like, they can take it, they can run with it. But even within that there are, there are doorways that that we go through when our when our developers are doing a certain piece of work, like there's, there's, there's things that they do. And then they carry it through the doorway onto the next and they put it on the next person's desk, and it's, it's that person's responsibility, or that team's responsibility, to take care of that at that standpoint. And sometimes it goes straight back to the other room, but minimum, once again, you understand the minimization of traffic, but you also have clarity about in what room is this specific task responsibility. And the same thing is true when you're, when you're, you know, billing out a project, or you're, you're doing an estimate, or, or there's some, whatever your fulfillment process is, and at the end of the process, there's some kind of wrap up, like, maybe it's if it's been prepaid, maybe there's some kind of sign off process, or if it's if it's billed, if It's Bill post, then, then there's some kind of it goes into the into the accounting and billing department. But each of that understanding this concept that when people, when a customer, comes to you, they are walking through the front door and and within each room, whether it's it's whether you're guiding them through that, or whether there's a process that you're taking, you're doing yourself as a team. There's you're moving from room to room to room, and the better organized that your house is in terms of what, what is done, where, who works, where, what are the responsibilities for each piece, the more efficiently that you'll be able to manage. And I think if we had to put. Into words. What we often do for our clients is, first of all, helping them understand what that blueprint, what the blueprint for their house, should be, but then also creating those those doorways and those walls and those windows as software tools so that, so that, so that they can see, like, this is, this is where this project, this is the room that this project is in. And here are the things that, here are all the things that are in my room that I need to get, get cleaned up. I mean, I remember, sorry, this is like, buddy trail, but, but the, you know, every few weeks, my, my, my mom, would, you know, be like, hey with ice time to go clean up your room. And then it's like, like, okay, like, here is my room. Like, these are the things that need to be taken care of. I don't need to clean the next room. That's not my responsibility, even though we're in this together. But what I've been assigned responsibility over is this room specifically here. So I thought, I thought that was a helpful, a really helpful picture enabled it in order to describe kind of this, the whole concept of systems, because it takes it from just theoretical flow charts and all those pictures and kind of this manufacturing or engineering kind of perspective, and really puts it into a perspective of a building. And it becomes much easier to visualize how your business ends up being laid out. Yeah, Ian more thought, yeah,

Speaker 1  16:34
no, I like, I like the emphasis you're putting on clarity, and seems like what you're pointing out is so true when it comes to the benefits of a system, whatever, however simple or complex a system is, the goal is clarity, knowing what am I supposed to do today, or where am I at in this process of this or where is this project at? Who's responsible for this piece and what, what are the deadlines we're up against? And I think if, if I had to say, the greatest benefit one one gains from a system, it might be clarity, knowing exactly where things are, where things are at, who's responsible and what my responsibility is in the process. Because when, like you mentioned, the larger a team, the more noise there is. And when you're a one man team, well, it's very clear who's responsible for what you're responsible from start to finish, and so you can have the project mapped out in your head, and that's great. But something that I've seen in working in a nonprofit space, it is a huge leap to go from a one man team to a team of three or more individuals, and it takes so much communication to have clarity, and so having a system for that communication is so important. And so whether it's weekly check ins, whether it's weekly meetings, whether it's centralized place where you're taking notes or where you're listing tasks, all of the above, when you have more than one person working together on a project, clarity is so key.

Matthias Miller  18:38
Yeah, 100% and I think, I think with that too, there's a lot that's gained. This is the kind of the classic pitfall of many, many startups, which I've certainly fallen, fallen prey to this as well. But is, focusing on not not having a clear net focus. You can, you can deliver clarity on a on a specific you can make your your life be around creating clarity in a lot of different places. Or you can create your life around creating clarity in one specific, scalable model. So whether it's a, it's the handbag plus roofing plus remodel plus landscaping business that's that's like five she wanted once math isn't right on that. But, or whether it's, it's a, or with it's a narrowly focused, profitable business that that then based on one one target market, based on one service that you're providing, you're able to grow at scale. There is definitely something to be said about multi story, multi story buildings, um. There's a reason that multi story buildings exist. There's a reason that corporations exist. Most of those, really, at the end of the day, end up being these, this building of buildings, if you want to call it that. So even if you have your hands in multiple things, we can argue the wisdom of that if we want to, we don't need to. But even if you have your hands in multiple things, having that understanding in your head that now I'm going from floor from floor one to floor two, and floor two, you might be the same person working in all of the different rooms, but it's a different floor. Sometimes it may, I mean maybe, maybe having the concept of a like a strip mall or something like that, maybe different, like, here's, here's door one, and this is, this is door one, and here's door two, and I own the whole, the whole thing, but, but understanding that and that each one has its own kind of its its has its own windows and walls that you need to build as as Part of that brings a tremendous amount of clarity.

Matthias Miller  21:07
Doing that really allows you to capitalize on things that that get done repeatedly, that get done the same way. And it really helps people who helps your people who like to fall into rhythm and into a groove of doing things to be able to do that effectively. Yeah, cool. So that's it for today. That's a little shorter than than sometimes. Ian, do you have any, any kind of closing a rapid thoughts, thoughts of any of this?

Speaker 1  21:43
Yeah, so I was just thinking of a story that someone told me yesterday. Actually not a story, but just real life example of how systems can actually impact the bottom line. He was sharing how company he works for, they've not lost business over this past year, but they've lost money not because of COVID, but because of their lack of efficiency, you know, just sharing how they might be at a job site, and then they leave, and then half an hour later, they realize, oh, they left something back at the job site, and so they have to pay someone's time to run back for that piece and to come back and his his conclusion is that they their business has lost money, not because they're not being successful at in their deliver, their deliverable. They're not losing clients, but they're just simply not efficient. And so I think that just goes to show how the simple act of taking time to look at, how can I streamline my business? How can I streamline my life may be a matter of being profitable or not, and whether it's profitable income or just in accomplishing what you feel you're called to accomplish this year. So can be something as simple as just identifying what are the mistakes that I'm repeating on a regular basis, and how can I make sure I don't forget this or that? And I have to say, I there's different things in my life that I find myself forgetting, and so I have to come up with basic reminders or systems to remind myself so I don't do that. So whatever, when this new year resolution is, I think it's worth the time to just sit down and think, How can I actually make this feasible in my life?

Matthias Miller  23:45
Yeah, yeah. Very much. So it's focusing on different people will have a tendency to focus on different things. Some some individuals will focus on sales. Have a tendency to focus on sales. Others will tend to focus on efficiency. And I think, I think it's a good reminder to to look at efficiency as a as kind of a weapon in your in your business arsenal to continue putting, putting that, keeping, keeping more money in your business or putting more into your pocket. So cool. That's it. That's all I've got. So for you guys who are watching, drop a link in the comments. If you've got questions for next time things you want us to talk about for free, shoot me a DM or drop a comment, and we'll be here, and we will see you guys next week.

Unknown Speaker  24:47
We'll see you, and happy New Year. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai