Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey guys, Happy Tuesday to you all, and hopefully your week is off to an awesome start. I wanted to talk a little bit about some of the feeling of overwhelm that we sometimes hit, and this is one of the things we sometimes run into with our clients, is where life has suddenly become so complicated that you end up feeling like you've hit the wall. And this is a natural outcome of complexity. But I wanted to share you a quick story from one of our clients. One of the things our client said last week when we were on the phone, which was simply this that, you know, he said, he said he was drafting an empress quote where basically Emerson said that there's two types of complexity, there's or there's two types of simplicity. There's simplicity that's on this side of complexity, but then there's simplicity that's on the far side of complexity. And and I like the way that that my my client quoted it. He basically said, Look, simplicity on this set of complexity isn't worth anything, and simplicity on the far set of complexity is worth millions, and that's that's the modernism. But it's absolutely true, because, you know, as one of the things that I've observed is the difference between a novice and an expert is not that they're able to provide simple answers. The difference between them is that the expert has gone through the right I'm back. They understand the nuances of complexity, and because of that, they're able to give answers that, while simple, take into account complexity, and it's tremendously valuable. And I think, I think many times, business owners hit blocks in their business because there's such a high level of complexity in their business. But you know, there's a knee jerk reaction of like, okay, let's get rid of everything, and let's go back to the simple days. Like you don't actually went back to the simple days, because you'll, you'll end up with simplicity on this side of complexity. When you actually go through the process and walk through the complexity, and get out on the other side, you end up with complex with simplicity on the far side of complexity. And as as you kind of make that journey, that's really where you hit your zone of genius as a business. And that's really where you where you experience that that scalability factor, that you can't get anything through that complexity. So simple grid for you to look at, if you're looking at at a if you're experiencing overwhelm in your business right now, or you're even evaluating like, who should I be working with? Who should I not be working with? Looking at the people who've been through that that complexity and have come to to the other side, and have been able to amplify that complexity is absolutely critical. And then for yourself as well, if you have some kind of Gordian knot that you're trying to solve in your business, and there's a tremendous amount of complexity, here's easy to solve that, but then you work through that process and you solve that Gordian knot. When you solve that complexity, when you get to the other side, there will be something waiting for you that's so elegant and that is so perfectly scalable, and so that's absolutely what I love, working with our clients, walking them through that process with them, because it's always more fun to do it with somebody else than it is to do it alone. But just wanted to show you that share that tip for you and a happy risk. Take care you guys. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai