Matthias Miller  00:01
Hey guys, I wanted to touch base. First of all, I got cleared this morning to go back into my wickedly awesome office space here. So super cool, fun to be back. Wanted to give you guys a brief update on my challenge. So I had one one more person sign up for the challenge, and got two people from the 100x group who decided to hop in and join and so had a good first day. Definitely some things to continue growing on, but it's, it's one day further than I've ever been before in a challenge. So that's super awesome. Wanted to share with you guys a little bit too, of my journey with my why I had somebody in the 100x group kind of challenged me and say, you know, you're doing a really good job sharing your what, but you're not doing a good job sharing your why. And I kind of froze when he said that, because I felt like I've never really understood how to find and articulate a why. And so he shared, he shared Simon Sinek video on Start With Why, and there were a few pieces in that, but it didn't really give me much of the, you know, the tactical pieces of how to actually find your why. And then I remembered something that one of my kind of marketing, marketing business mentors, Perry Marshall, wrote about in in one of the private in his kind of private group about so he wrote this article called for, for slash against, and one of the members asked him how he developed, or how he wrote that. And he basically said, Well, here's how you do it. What you do is you, you write out a bunch of things that you, oh, the wind's picking up. Hopefully this isn't getting too much background noise. But what you do is you, you make a list of things that you admire and a lot of and a list of things that you scorn, and and write out 20 of them, and then, and then start writing out your I am for we are for this. We are against this. And it really helps solidify some of the core beliefs that I held. And I guess what I kind of realized, and here's, I guess here's, here's where my challenge has been. I've had so much of a engineering, rational, logical thing drummed into my head that for me to look, look for a, why, apart from a, if A, then B, really just didn't make sense in my head. So understanding that your why is founded on core beliefs, and then having a way of actually articulating what those core beliefs are, or like, was like, super, super powerful for me. So, yeah, so thanks. Thanks for some of the feedback that you guys had on the video, probably re shoot it at some point. But anyway, just wanted to share a little bit and sorry to miss. Miss the the second half of the call today, but enjoyed being on for a little bit touch you guys later. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai