Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey, good morning. Six by Six family. So working on my slow down a little bit. I've been working on my new offer for for recruiting based on my Hot Seat yesterday, and there have been some things I've been thinking about that's all tied together, and it's kind of crazy, but, but one of the things is that the the simplest way to move forward, to gain forward momentum, is by removing things instead of adding things. And if you have something that this applies in in strengths and opportunities and priorities, if you have something that you're good at, really good at, and you're also trying to do something you're bad at, then that can pull your good average down to, like, your what you could add down to just an average level, or you have a many times people in business have have maybe a product that is exceptional, and the profits from that cover for another product that they're selling at a loss. And so just cutting the things that are pulling you down is a fantastic way to get forward momentum. And, like the same thing is true with what Pedro was saying yesterday about shrinking the circle is that there are we can add as many people as we want to our lives to try to boost up, get to the level that we want. And it but it's way easier. That's right pruning, exactly right pruning. Because when you, when you Sorry, my brain's jumping over there, but, but if you, if you all, all you have to do to start getting forward momentum is, is shrink the circle and get the people who are draining out of your life. And all of that energy goes from just average to you actually get a net benefit from that. And I think pruning is an awesome example. It's something that I've thought about too. I think, I think the time that we're in is actually a pruning time. And there's a lot of things that haven't been bearing fruit, businesses and opportunities and other things that are being pruned right now. And that the good, good thing about that is that it's creating opportunity for people to to actually allow that life to flow into areas where they're gonna where they're gonna bear fruit. So anyway, just more stuff that I'm processing and having a lot of fun working on putting this stuff together. So thanks, guys. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai