Matthias Miller  00:16
All right, good day everybody. We are live, live, live, live. Happy Monday to you guys. I am here with Ian, who is one of our advisors at Coronavirus, and super excited to be hanging out with you guys today. And so we're going to spend some time. Ian and I are going to spend some time talking about a couple of things. But first of all, Ian actually had a fantastic curveball that he threw. It threw at us for a team meeting this afternoon. So Ian, I'm going to throw it right back at you. So what was the curve ball that you were throwing at us for a team, Team meeting that's coming up in a few in about an hour 30 minutes?

Speaker 1  00:56
Yeah, well, I was just thinking about our team meeting. I have the opportunity to leave our weekly team meetings, and we go through fairly structured lineup of questions. And one of those questions is, what did you accomplish last week? The next question is, what are your goals for next week? We also have a time for personal sharing. And I was just thinking, Well, with this week being Thanksgiving week, it would be a great opportunity for us as team members to share at least one thing we're thankful for about our team or about the business. And so I shot out a message on the team chat, just asking each person to come prepared to share that one thing, probably the thing that first popped into their mind, what they're grateful for, for, either vivid team or the business

Matthias Miller  01:50
cool, and I love it. So those you guys who are watching live, or you're watching the replay, I think that's an awesome exercise. Love to hear your comments about what you are grateful for? One of the things I'm grateful for today, I was grateful for today, simple thing, probably something else in the team call, because there's so much to be grateful for. But today, getting being able to step outside and and handle a couple of phone calls outside, in the outdoors, with the sunshine and grateful for grateful for health and the just the capacity to do that. And so sometimes it's actually the simple things in life that that we need to be reminded of, to to enjoy and appreciate. So Ian and I wanted to, wanted to talk today a little bit about hidden profitability drivers. And Ian, in your conversation with clients or and prospects, you continually come across different types of pain points that people come to us on. And one of the things that we've found is that the well, there's always multiple levels of pain. There's like this surface pain, which is like, this is like, this is like, my head's gonna explode, everything's about to fall apart. And then you start going a few layers deeper, and then like, well, there's this thing that's actually broken. And then if you go a few layers deeper, there's like, here's the actual root problem of the thing that you're experiencing, that you're dealing with. And so I jotted down a couple of ideas of different things that different places where we've seen those, those kind of profitability gaps like that happen, like multiple layers deep that most people aren't actually willing or interested in talking about. There's a lot more interesting things to talk about than than some of these things. Um, and so Ian, I'm curious just to hear from you, because you've had a lot of these types of conversations. I'm curious to hear from you. What are some of those, some of those surface things, and what are some of those deeper layer things? Jimmy, any kind of examples for us?

Speaker 1  03:56
Sure. Yeah. So something that I find quite often when people call up, they're like, Hey, you guys do software, right? Yeah? Like, Yep, that's right, that's what we do. And they're like, well, I need software to do this, this and this. And often they're coming looking for software to do a certain task that they that they want to be done, but they haven't taken time to think about what is, what is the problem here, or what are the challenges that I'm really facing that are making me want this to happen, and so I have the opportunity to ask these questions such as, So what? What is causing this, or what is causing that, and something, something that's interesting is, as I talk with client, as I talk with callers, one of the, probably one of the biggest challenges that they face is effectively keeping track of of their projects and having one. Centralized place where they can see who's responsible for what. And if I had to say, one of the primary challenges that people face when they're they're calling calling me up, it's, it's that they're they've grown to the place where it's going from a one man show to needing a team to accomplish what they're wanting to do. And all of a sudden, when you go from one man who has everything in their head to a team, you all of a sudden have have to clarify, clarify, clarify, and to make it clear who's responsible for what and at what place in that, in the whole process. And so number one, you have people, you have a business that maybe doesn't have a clear process from start to finish, that everyone understands. And then number two, you don't know who's responsible for what piece. It's just different people maybe just kind of naturally see what's what needs picked up, and they do it, but as soon as they step away, all of a sudden you have a void that no one knew needed to be filled until no one's doing it. So probably the one of the primary challenges that business, or a small business or startup faces when they hit huge when they hit fast growth is all of a sudden needing to have clarity on what's needing to be done from start to finish and who needs to be responsible for each step along the way. Yep, that

Matthias Miller  06:35
makes sense. And and with that as well, there's kind of this, this temptation as you're looking at this, I mean, so this is, this is like, that piece of the puzzle is something that we're super honed in on, and we saw very effectively. But when as you start addressing and looking at that issue, sometimes there's this, there are other issues that show up along the way. I think one of the, you know, just a simple thing, is, once you start going from from like, here's this small team, it's, or maybe it's, it's like me and just a few other people, and you start adding teams and adding people, building, building something that's an integrated whole that has a where there's a shared vision, and we're pushing together towards this one thing, I think, I think one of the things that that I have come to see, like for myself, very in a very real way in my journey, is that, again, it's easy to focus on, it's important to focus on the on those tactic, tactical issues of, how do we manage these projects? But there's something that happens when you when you can elevate your people to having that, like, shared vision, like we're all like, we're all amped about what we're doing, we're all going the same direction, and we all have clarity about what it is that we do and what it is that we're about. Sometimes it feels like that's kind of a an ethereal exercise that, like, I don't know, you're kind of pulling things out of thin air, and, like all this other, other kinds of stuff, but, but with that, like, the vision that you create should translate very direct should, should translate into clarity. And if the vision that you're creating doesn't actually create clarity, it's working, it's working against you, and it's working against against your team, and just the simple fact of creating that vision. So we're talking about managing projects, but creating that vision as it creates kind of a standard of measurement of saying like, these are projects that we should be continuing to pursue, or these are projects that we should cut off. And it would be interesting to actually have a conversation with with some of our clients, because we don't, we don't actually specifically pursue this, but, but in but there have definitely been those types of conversations where you recognize that, like, here's this thing that we're doing and we want to manage it, but as you're working through this process, you recognize that, well, here's actually This piece that isn't well aligned with who we are as a business. Do you have any thoughts on that things

Speaker 1  09:08
that you've seen? Yeah, well, it's interesting you asked that because it made me think of a story where we had to set aside a project that we had started, that we had picked up, because we were focusing more on what what our sweet spot was, and just makes me think of that one project where there's a website that we were wanting to help an organization launch and get get live, and it was taking a long time to make that happen. And during that time, we realized that that was not within the scope of what our where our strengths and where our sweet spot lies. And we we made the hard call to say, You know what, here's your money. And we were not able to do it, because this is not actually our sweet spot. And we actually did them a. Favor, because we were giving them back their money so they could go and find someone who where that was their sweet spot. And so, not sure, does that kind of go on with what you're saying there? Matthias, yeah, I think that's

Matthias Miller  10:13
a great example. And I think there's in every in every business, there's a certain part of your business where you have an extremely high level of expertise and the work that you do for your clients, it has a really high return on investment for them. And I think it's a continuing, it's a continuing process of continuing to narrow that down and kind of hone that in what that exactly is. I think that is a really good example of where we personally have experienced that. And so that was like, that was like, to me that feels like an example that was like, kind of shows our it reveals our level of maturity at the time, because, because, as you so much here, but as you mature, there's there's a an awareness of who you are that develops and emerges. And I think every business goes through that cycle. And listen, I'm not here yet. I actually have a birthday coming up this week, so I don't pretend to have I don't have midlife crisis. I have, like, I have like, periodic existential crises, like, all the time, just because that's who I am, and I'm constantly, like, evaluating and looking at things. And Ian knows me well, but in every level of maturity, if you look at the human life cycle, from the human life cycle of an infant, like an infant has a certain set of needs, but but there's just this, this, there's chaos in their lives. And as parents, we bring that structure and into into their lives and help them to continue developing, grow and as they continue like, through, through like, like, as a young kid, through teenage years, like every stage of life, there ends up being a rediscovery of who you are, and there's a maturing process through that. Because each stage of life that we're at, we have to identify, like, who are we in this stage of life? And who do we need to be in this stage of life? And there's this redefinition and this honing, and part of this, part of the reason why vision is is powerful is because many, many times we think of vision as something that's that's like fixed and concrete, and there's an element of stability that we want in it, but it's also something that's fluid and that adapts and evolves as our business continues to grow and mature. And I think what you shared there, what I wanted to say about what you shared is it, it that really reveals the level of maturity that we were at as a business. Like, there were a lot of things that we were doing now, and it's, it's, I think it's very typical for for small, for really small, like startup businesses, to go through that like, like, here's an opportunity. Let's jump on the opportunity. Let's run with the opportunity. And one of the processes of maturing, not just as a business, but also as well as as an individual and as a leader, is is that process of narrowing in, like, Where, where is it that that your unique contribution lies? I know even for myself, like there's this, there is, in the last number of weeks, continuing to have a lot of light bulb moments about, really, where is it? I mean, this has been a question of mine for a long time, but, but where is it that I provide maximum value within, within the business, but then also at the world at large. So I think it's a great example.

Speaker 1  13:27
Another thing I circle back Absolutely. I just gonna circle back to the vision. You talked about, the importance of keeping the vision in front of in front of your people. I'm wondering, would it be helpful for you to share one of the ways you do that on a weekly basis for our team, maybe it's something that other people would be inspired to do for their team, just a simple step.

Matthias Miller  13:48
Yeah, absolutely. I think this is, I think this is, I think it's critical. There's two things that that I that, that I do to reinforce that, one of them is for myself, and one of one is as a team. And one of the things that I try to do for myself, which is is to is to keep the vision in front of me every single day, and that, as my that for myself continues like, first of all, it does two things. One of all, first of all, it keeps me aligned with where it is I want to go. And there's a lot of days, let's be honest, when we don't want to get up and do what we need to do, but getting in touch and aligned with that vision is really powerful in terms of returning back to those motivations. That's the first thing that it does. The second thing that it does is it shows you the places where you have matured past the level of your vision. And I think there's always opportunity to continue refining, narrowing, upgrading, like fine tuning your vision in that kind of process. So that's piece one, piece two. That I absolutely love is part of our team meeting every single week we we go through the vision. I go through the vision with with the team like this is who we are here. Our vision. Here's our mission and and we have a certain, certain number of core values, and what we call our brand heart, that that I like extract and expand on, and it becomes a kind of a, even a conversation piece as part of the team meeting. There have been quite a number of times recently where we've actually had clients come to us and and speak back to us some of our own identity of as a company. And there's absolutely no conversation that we had with them about saying, Well, this is who we are. Instead, they picked it up. They picked it up from our DNA of who we are. And I think a lot of that comes back to that, that piece in the team meeting. And so it's a simple structure. It's a simple document we go through. Read it. For some of us who are less systematic than others, this might seem repetitive. It might seem all of this kind of stuff, but if you're an entrepreneur, and it's, it's, it really is a powerful tool for something that you can give to your team as a way to continue driving that in. You know, you're you're the you're the process person. I love to hear your thoughts on, kind of on that process as well.

Speaker 1  16:14
Yeah, I think as we look over that document each week, one of the things that it does for me is it just reminds me again, what is it that I'm about in this company, and what is it that's important to Matthias? So Matthias is the visionary, as the CEO and founder, we as a team, want to be supporting and embracing that vision that he has. So it's important not only to see it in writing, but then to hear him articulate it. And as time goes along, the vision and the vision has become clear as he talked about the business has been maturing, and he's been getting a lot of great outside input on on how to fine tune and hone this vision. And something that I've really enjoyed over the last month or so is as we've been hearing you expound on, on, on the heart of the company and why these values are who we Why do we have these values, and what does it look like in our company? I think that's been really helpful for us as a team to keep that in front of us. So I guess as far as systems goes, it's just so crucial that you have one or more, that you have something that you're continually going back to as the why of the company. And when you keep going back to the same document. It's reminding you, oh, this document, we actually need to keep updating and keeping this representative of who we are, and so it's not just this document that's sitting back in the drive or in the filing cabinet, collecting dust as you're looking at it each week. It's not only reminding us of what the vision is, it's also helping us to make sure our documents are staying relevant with who we are. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  18:10
I love what somebody wants to about about vision statements is that vision statements should not be some kind of like, beautiful plaque that you hang on the wall, and then everybody walks past and becomes familiar with and absolutely forgets and you never look at it again, like, like, it's actually, we actually have a there's so much stuff here that we can get into, which hopefully next time we'll I would love to get into, like, get into more of that. But having a system for reinforcing that, that every single day and with the team every single week is is hugely powerful. And I think, I think there's just a little tiny piece that I want to extract, because I really think this, this could be super valuable for digging in a lot more deeply is that you have to understand that systems are built for people, not people for systems. And so if you have a system that does not have built within it the ability to upgrade itself and to change itself, then you start like, like, there's this hierarchy in life like that. I believe people were made. I have a core belief that people were made to rule and but, but they were, they were made to rule over specific things and and that systems are one of those things that should be under people's rule. And so people's people systems should always serve people, and not people serving systems. And and one of the ways to counteract that and to fight that is to have flexibility built into your system, so that you're always so that you're so while it creates predictability and reliability, there's always this opportunity, opportunity to to upgrade it, to make it better, to better suit so it's, I mean, if you don't, if you don't fix it, then what's what's going to happen is change happens, and it stops serving, serving the. Original purpose and certain that people are in it who are using it. So I think what you said about vision really captures that, like that constant upgrading of vision really is kind of centered on that core idea. Good. I

Matthias Miller  20:26
was going to get into all kinds of other stuff in this today, but I really want to kind of narrow it down on this topic of vision. I had a conversation with somebody recently talking about how how disengaged individuals are in the workplace, and there's multiple layers to that, as far as why they are, part of it is is this expectation, this this wrong expectation that we put on people about how they should show up and we don't find ways to utilize them. Part of it is simply that we don't give them a compelling vision to work towards, and partially, just because we don't give them the clarity that they need in order to accomplish that and all of those things, like, honestly, like, I guess here's, here's the, here's the takeaway I would like to share on this call, because this is, again, this is Something that I've had to be pushed on is that even even though, to a large degree, I enjoy working on those types of things, there's still a piece of it sometimes that it's like, in order to focus on this, there's all of these other exciting things that could be a lot more interesting. Like, like, You, you, sometimes you it feels like there's a more tangible benefit. But when you actually set aside the time to focus on it, it really ends up being a huge, a huge lever. Just a simple, simple way to look at it is if, if you want to run the numbers, if, if you can have your team members stop wasting their effort on a project that is outside of their their zone, like, like, simple guarantee if you, if you deviate outside the path of your vision, like, there's, there's, there's almost a guarantee that you're that that's going to end up costing you money significantly. And we've seen this repeatedly. We've made our own mistakes, and we've seen other people make the same, same mistakes. We're in this boat together. We learn. But the other way to look at it well, and so to finish that, thought of just looking at the impact of those projects on the bottom line, when you simply start taking away the places where you're losing money, and you stop doing them, and stop doing the things, doing the things that don't add value to people, and you start doing the things that add value, then the other thing too, which, which, again, honestly, sometimes I feel, I don't feel super competent talking about these things, because it's such a an active learning lesson for me. And there's always, there's always ways to continue getting better, but the more that you that you can help your team members, which is what we talking about. But if you want to put numbers to it, like, like getting them 10% more engaged, or cutting down 10% of their week that's buried in minutia, or whatever the like, whatever the fill in the blank. Thing is, it only takes a small amount of leverage within your team members to create a dramatic outcome for your for your business, having you, and I know the impact of having having somebody who's in sales, who who believes in what they're doing, who has the support and guidance of what they need to do. And and wakes up excited to do it. It's absolutely massive. So, yeah, there you go. End of rant. Do you have any, any kind of thoughts before we before we wrap up for today?

Speaker 1  24:02
Not other than that. You mentioned how you're you feel like you're much of a learning journey with this. And I just want to, want to give a shout out to Matthias that I think he has done an amazing job at continuing to focus on, why do we exist, and continuing to clarify that, and I think that's given a lot of energy to the team over the last month or two, as that's continued to be clarified. This whole year has been a year of clarifying that vision, and everything from COVID, redirecting things to you, finding ways to use your expertise in a way that energizes you. Those are things that have helped bring clarity to the vision. And I think the number one thing that you've done, that I've seen you do, is getting help when you don't feel. Like you have, have have the clarity on where you want to go, helping enabling yourself to find that direction, by getting people around you to ask the hard questions. And I think that's the number one thing I've seen you do well, and I think you would want everyone else to do, too, is to get help, not to just stay stuck where they're at, but to get help from people who can give outside input and maybe help you step back and see, what is it that you are that? What are the skills that you have? What's your superpower? How can you help others solve their problems? And then how can you find a way for that to intersect with what your vision is for life? And I think that's something that Matthias does great at on the team, and would love to help you figure figure that out in your business. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  25:57
absolutely. 100% 100% Yeah. Yeah, there, there are people who can help you solve your problem. Don't spend your your time. It will be painful. Don't spend your time in the wrong kind of pain. So cool. I like it good. Well, we will, we'll wrap it up and we will make it this is going to be our plan time every Monday for for the foreseeable future, until we decide to change it. So for those of you guys who are watching, if you're watching live, I'm not seeing comments go through. So I don't know if I messed something up on my end or not, but I've seen people hop on or off. But if you're watching the replay, drop a comment if you if you want to chat, want to chat, want to have questions about this, feel free to leave a comment on on here. Feel free to send me a message to Facebook and, yeah, Happy Monday to you guys, and let's and have happy Thanksgiving. Yep, see.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai