Matthias Miller  00:02
Alright, you guys, welcome, welcome, welcome. Happy Monday to you. Hopefully your Monday's going well, we're going to wait for this to go live and make sure that we are rolling on Facebook so we are officially live and rolling now look at us go so Happy Monday to you guys. If you're jumping on feel free to leave something in the comments. Let me know you're here, and drop a hashtag, live hashtag replay if you're let us know where you're at what's going on. So I want to talk to you guys today about I want to talk to you guys about a secret weapon to getting to avoid getting to the end of the day and feeling like you have not accomplished anything. And here's the thing I think a lot of entrepreneurs struggle with this is, let's just take a look at inside the entrepreneur brain for a little bit. If you don't mind, if you, if you crack open the entrepreneur brain and look inside, you'll see all kinds of wild activity going on. I think it's, it's not any kind of news to any of us that there's a lot of, oftentimes, a lot of a lot of ideas, a lot of activity, a lot of things like, like, either things like going on in your mind or like other people are, are putting stuff into your mind. A lot of demands, a lot of requests, a lot of sometimes just reactivity. And what I want to talk to today about is something that we touched on just briefly last time, about creating systems and those types of things. Is about how, like, like, what are the two key weapons against that? And anytime that I that I find myself getting stuck, I find that that it often comes down to these two, these two simple aspects. Last time on the call, or two weeks ago, actually, we didn't, we didn't do a live last week. But two weeks ago, we were talking about systems, and how when you talk about putting systems in place, it can be confusing, overwhelming, and we tend to over complicate what actually needs to be done. And one of the things that I've been learning in just in simple goal setting and simple execution, is that many times there's only a small piece of what needs to be done that's actually relevant to getting the outcome that you want. And when it comes to creating processes, oftentimes we over complicate it. We make it too hard. We we put in a huge, huge plan, something that needs to be executed upon from start to finish, and we never get any feedback along the way. So what are those two superpowers that you need to to cut through the noise? And the first one is simply clarity. So here's the thing, as an entrepreneur, let's just say this clarity is some is one of those things that is extremely difficult to for many of us to wrap our minds around. Many times we we tell you what, I was reading the book blue fishing by Steve Sims over the weekend, and one of the things that he mentioned was the three, the three layers of wise and the first layer of why. When you ask somebody, why do they want something, or what do they want, they'll just give you the surface answer. And if you probe again to get get to that second layer of what they actually want, they'll start giving you the answer of what other people think, that what you think other people think that you should have if you're hopping on live, let me know the comments. Let me know you're here. Love to chat and engage with you. But then when you actually go to the third layer, then and you start peeling back the layers, that's when you actually start getting to the what do you really? Really want? And that's a lot of how it works with clarity, is that many times when you're trying to figure something out, like, like, like, here's what I think I should be doing, and and then here's what I I think other people think I should be doing, and here's what I should actually be doing. And if you, if you're willing to take the time to pull back the layers, there's a lot of times when we feel stuck, lose motivation, don't make any progress, get distracted, get pulled in 101 different directions. Is simply because we don't have that clarity around what what we actually need. And one of the things that's interesting watching, you know, working with our with our clients, is that many times they'll come to us asking for specific to have a specific issue or specific problem solved, and we'll start probing. We'll ask them the why questions, the what questions, we'll start pulling off those layers, and at the end of the conversation, we'll discover that, yeah, maybe there was an element of what what they actually were asking for that's needed, but there is a whole host of depth to what they're actually needing to have solved in their business that is not being addressed. We're seeing a lot of, many times, seeing a lot of of people with some form of kind of buyer's remorse, or, or they they jump into a coaching program, or, or they buy a piece of software, or they start a, you know, get a new hire, or they launch into something, and I'm guilty. Of this. I'm not, I'm not, by no means, immune to this. And and they jump in, they think it's going to be the solution, because they only stopped at the first layer of what it was that they were actually looking for. And as they peeled back this, if they would have taken the time to peel back the layers, they could have avoided the time, the energy, the effort, the money that they invested in a specific direction, and actually have been able to step back and take a more direct route to to the path that they're going. So clarity is an immensely powerful tool. I think, I think it's, it's, quite simply, it's, it's easy to overlook. So once again, if you guys are live, drop a comment. Let me know you're here. Um, hopefully I can see the comments on my screen here, and we can love to know, love know you here. Um, so, so that's, that's the first piece of this. But there's a second piece of it that I've seen for myself, and I've seen other people really struggle with as well, which is the piece of simplicity. So if you have somebody like, listen, there may be, there may be some of us. There are just some of us who are who have this bent towards complexity, whether it's and different people create complexity in different ways. Hey, Craig, awesome to see you here. Glad you're here. So So there are different ways of creating complexity. And by the way, one of the things that I love about what Craig does is he brings, actually brings two things to his clients. He brings clarity and simplicity to his clients through the marketing message, which I think is absolutely awesome. And for a lot of for a lot of businesses in terms of their marketing, Craig, interested, interested, if you have some thoughts on this, but for a lot of businesses, those are two key components that are lacking. And when you actually bring those into the conversation, then suddenly, not only, not only does the marketing plan become easier, but the conversations with clients become easier and and you know, their customers like the process of actually attracting, attracting customers, attracting clients, becomes because much easier as a result of that. So, so simplicity. So, so different people create complexity in different ways. Some people create complexity through an abundance of information. I need to know more information about what's going on. I can't give you. I can't I can't move forward until I have an 80% you know, until I have 100% of the information that I need. Other people create complexity by, by creating, creating in depth plans that are based on incomplete information. Other people create complexity by, you know, wanting to over engineer, wanting to bring too many people in too early, like there's, there's 101 ways that we can create complexity, and many times, these are things that are kind of in in our own head and and I think for many entrepreneurs, the battle is not for lack of opportunity. The Battle really is being able to identify the opportunity, zero in on it, focus on it and and there's that single leverage point hiding within your business that if, if you, if you apply a lever and you push it like you'll start to see, you'll you'll start to see transformation happen in your business. But that's only possible when you start going down the path of finding simplicity and forcing yourself to get into simplicity. So the question that naturally comes is, how, like, how do you fight for simplicity? And I wanted to share something that it's basically been my philosophy. And this is, this is continually growing, continually getting better. But my philosophy when it comes to simplicity is simply, I give myself permission to entertain a lot of of possibilities and a lot of options, but I intentionally commit to very few. I find that that most times, most opportunities that present themselves to me are actually actually end up being negative opportunities like they actually end up taking me further away from where I want to be. Some of them will keep me plateaued. And there's only one or two, whether it's relationships or whether it's tool sets or whatever, there's only one or two that will actually that, if I actually embrace and focus on will bring me significantly closer to where I want to go. Order again is important if you don't have clarity, but you have simplicity, if you're looking for the higher opportunity areas, but you don't have clarity about where you want to be. I mean, this is kind of like Stephen Covey COVID stuff, but you'll end up with with a ladder going up the ladder on the on the wrong wall.

Matthias Miller  09:40
So being willing to to entertain that, and this is, again, this process probably looks different for everybody, but for me, it's being willing to entertain all of those ideas and and look at those different avenues, and being able to sort them out and be like, like, like, here's the pros of this one, the cons of this one, like evaluating, weighing them out. Um. So again, I think a very common mistake for for, for that I've personally made, and I've, I've seen many others make, is making a decision strictly based on the opportunity that's presented. A lot of this stuff can go into kind of your your mindset, like, like, like, here's this opportunity. It's an all or nothing opportunity, like, like or an hour never opportunity, I have to take it now or like. There's no other option. Instead of looking at the opportunity and understanding that this opportunity is a doorway, and many times these these momentary opportunities, sometimes they literally are, like the opportunity of a lifetime, and you can jump on them, but many times, they're a way to alert yourself to a problem that you haven't been paying specific attention to. So we're getting close to the end of the year. There's a lot of end of year sales, a lot of a lot of people selling different types of things that you have to get before Christmas or before the end of the year, different ways to grow your business, all of those types of things. And it's easy to look at that and say, oh, I need that. That's going to be my solution. And rather than than assuming immediately that it's the right solution for you, one of the things you can let it do is let it alert you to what the actual problem is, and then step back and evaluate, okay, so, so I wasn't aware that this problem, this specific problem, that they're promising a solution for, is actually as big of a deal as as what I'm realizing now. And when you take a step back and look at that problem, and the answer sets the question, what is the best? What the best way to actually start addressing this problem? It'll give you a completely different like. It gives you a completely different like, like framework or context for making decisions, because you're now not doing it from a reactive standpoint, you're doing that from a proactive standpoint, the inquiry, the reactivity, the thing that interrupted you was the opportunity for you to take a look at yourself and understand where you're at and bring clarity into your situation and make a decision from that proactively. The same. Thing can happen in a day to day context. If you're if you're working with with clients, or you're working with customers, you're getting a lot of phone calls, all those types of things you could like, like, the same principle applies, where, when somebody, somebody reaches out to you with a specific request, with some like, with maybe it's something that's not in your core business, but it's outside of your core business, and they're asking you about this. Can you do this rather than just looking at the issue at hand, understanding that, like taking a look at okay, like, this is what happened, and then stepping back and you can evaluate based on where you are in your business. Is this like, is this a an opportunity that that I've overlooked, that I that I should pursue, or is there, or is or is this something that is just a distraction from what I want to do, and sometimes honestly, the correct decision may be to investigate, do a trial run, do something with them, allow yourself to gain more information before you actually make that that decision, and fully committing to that. So two superpowers for when it comes to overwhelm, clarity and simplicity. And it not not only works on like a big level, but it also works on a micro level, on a day to day level, if you're if you're dealing with overwhelming your day, most likely you have a problem with one of two things. One, you don't have clarity about what needs to be done that day, or you have clarity about what what you think should be done, what? Sorry, let me back up. You have clarity about what is expected for you to get done, but it doesn't align with what you actually think should get done. You have clarity about what other people think you should be doing, or what you think other people think you should be doing, but you don't have clarity about what you yourself think you should be think you should be doing, or you have a problem with complexity or simplicity. For many of us, I'm very guilty of this. I have scheduled my days way too intensely, too many meetings, too many, too many back to back things, and too many things that require too much, too much energy. And I'm not saying that we that we don't run at full capacity, and that we don't give every single day our all, but when you, when you try to extend your day past its limits, and like there's this, there's this line in the sand where you cross, where you where your day goes From from perhaps challenging and exhausting to to simply overwhelming. And bringing simplicity into your day, into into into every single day is a huge tool for ending. Ending this overwhelm, once again, one of the places we see, we see it's so easy to make bad decisions is, is when you lack clarity and you lack simplicity, and it's one of those things that we end up helping our clients with a lot as they have these kinds of conversations from the very beginning of the project, our whole process is built around helping them get clarity and helping them get simplicity and. And as a result of that, everything else, the actual making the changes in their business, ends up being incredibly easy because, because they have that and we've also seen the the other side. Sometimes they come to us with with disheartening stories about other other things that they've tried, other things that they've done, and the amount of effort and energy that they've exerted into trying to accomplish something, something else, with the promise of an outcome, but not without the clarity of what needs to actually be done, and not without the simplicity of what the essential pieces are that need to be done. It's actually quite unfortunate and sometimes well, to be honest, I've been spending a lot of time this past, the past, number of days thinking about this, because I keep hearing these stories rolling in and is an incredible momentum drain when you when you see something that is promised to you, something that should be delivering on, on the promises and and then you get, you get to the end of the process you've invested this time and energy, and you realize, energy, and you realize that it actually hasn't brought you closer to where you wanted to go, if anything, it's actually taking you further away. So just wanted to share that with you guys today. I think, I think being proactive in leadership is is definitely a skill, definitely something worth worth focusing on, definitely something worth getting better at something that I continue to get better at, not something that I claimed that I execute perfectly every single day and I have off days, but the more that I have, the more that I have allowed myself to to focus on these two things. I've removed the pressure of needing to be everywhere at all times, and I've allowed myself to actually focus in on on the things that are going to make the difference for me. And the load that has taken off of my shoulders has been has been incredible. I can tell the difference on the days that I do or the or the days that I get that I don't. My wife and kids can. Can tell the difference between the days when I do or the days when I don't. I'm pretty sure my team can, can show the difference, can see the difference in how I show up with that. And so it has a practical outworking. It reaches down to all areas of life. So that's my challenge for you guys, little Yeah, just a little piece for you. Continue. Continue fighting for clarity. Continue fighting for simplicity. It's a battle that's absolutely worth fighting for. It's a battle that you absolutely can win. And the the reward on the other side of that is being able to let go of reactivity and being able to become a proactive leader and and really reached, reach ambitious goals in a way that don't sacrifice yourself, don't sacrifice your family, don't sacrifice your health and yeah, it's giving yourself the best gift of support on the pathway. So that's what I got. Appreciate you guys, and we'll talk next Monday. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai