Matthias Miller  00:01
Hey guys, just wanted to share some kind of some cool testimonies on the software side, just because we're family and it's a good place to share some of this stuff. Probably about two years ago, I did a proposal for a software proposal for a an individual wanting to do a leadership assessment, and through the proposal process, we we both came to the conclusion that it was premature, and so he went back to the drawing board, and kind of spent the last two years building out a business model. And so he's kind of gone dark. I to be honest, they say that sales is in, you know, is in the follow up, and that's one of the things that I hate, and I don't know how all that stuff fitted me, has any brilliant insight on how that fits into Kingdom entrepreneurship, with what kingdom centered follow up looks like. But I think actually, Pedro talked about some of this stuff, so I should probably go back and listen to this. But that's that's a funny trail. Anyway, that project just I had a call with him this morning, and that project is back on the table, and may be, may end up being a bigger project than what we originally anticipated, and and it's still not. It's not completely a sealed deal, but, but it was, it was really cool to have that kind of show up. The other one was, I've had this other project that we had, I had thought that they were ready to move ahead. And I don't know how this stuff happens, besides the fact that I'm just impatient. I love making stuff happen. And we we put a little bit of development into it, which wasn't much. It was just like enough to be frustrating and and so we kind of let it sit. They were looking at a competitor for quite some time, and just got a call. And this guy's been on my mind for the last week or so, and I keep thinking, I just got to touch base with him. Got to touch base. I really should do it this week before I get busy next week and all this stuff. And and then he calls me out right, right out of the blue, like, between, between calls, between between appointments. And he's like, hey, you know, just wanted to touch base and chat. And, you know, I think we should be looking taking a look at moving this thing forward again. And anyway, this is just like, I don't even know why I'm saying this, just because I guess what it I guess really why I'm saying this is the last number of weeks have been so it's just been crazy, the level of peace and just the level of just how transformational it's been to be part of a kingdom community and learning to just the hard upgrades and the I don't even know what. I don't even know how to put a finger on it, being home, having family, and then seeing some of these things that before I would have been striving for and like trying to make happen and just letting them rest and pursuing putting, putting my hand to the things that are in front of me, and watching these things come back into my life, probably at the time when I am busier than I've been in a long time, busier doing, doing the things that I really love doing than I have been in a long time. So anyway, just wanted to share that, and just wanted to invite you guys to celebrate, we celebrate the goodness of God at all times, even when we're when we're winning or when we're learning. But I just wanted to share that with you guys. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai