Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey guys, it's me again, catching up on, on some of the homework. So one of the things that really stood out to me from day, from the day zero, pre training, was was this statement, favor will find you when you take a stand. Favor will find you when you take a stand. And this really kind of this, I kind of went through this process recently when I when I went through the list and making a list of things that I kind of stood for and stood against and 20 different things, and kind of wrote out a manifesto for that. And that was really, kind of, that was really a powerful experience for me. But one of the one of the questions with it too, is, and for those of you hopping on this, the statement that really stood out to me was favor will find you when you take a stand, there have been different there are different kind of kinds of injustices around me that kind of get me upset. And this is, this has gotten me sort of thinking about not just one area, but multiple areas. Some of them I'm probably not quite ready to talk about, but there's one right here. And I don't know if you can see this here on my wall, there's a lack of of people living what they were created for. And it's a sign that I made based on working with my coach, one of my coaches, and I think one of the things that makes me angry is people who are being forced to show up in this world different than, different from what they were created for. I think there's a lot of kind of ignorance around around what makes people thrive and kind of trying to just perpetually. I mean, I mean, this is in a lot of different sectors, I suppose. I mean, we see this in the education sector, and I don't know, just different places, and that's probably not as much my passion as seeing it in kind of the the workforce. It feels like there are a lot of people who you know, whether it's through career choices or whether, kind of they feel stuck, or they feel like they need to be in this specific type of role, or, you know, whatever it is that they feel, they feel obligated to show up in a way, and not just obligated. They're actually expected to show up in a way that's not congruent with who they are. And there's this whole mess of issues that come out of this. There's there's emotional issues, issues of self confidence and and there's also with that, there's even, like, there's even physical issues, there's there's like, this whole plethora of of things. And it kind of creates this cycle of, I don't know, creates this negative cycle, because when, when you're expected to show up as something different than you're not, kind of, kind of eats away. You don't show up as well as you should, and and then you work harder to prove yourself, and it kind of creates this negative, negative momentum, negative cycle. So that's probably one of the things that upsets me the most, probably because it's also been been kind of a personal it's a fairly personal thing to me as well. Have I become a gone from just a messenger to a message. I think one of the things I have done, I've worked hard to do, at least, is is allowing my team to show up in the places where they thrive and excel and look for people where what they would naturally do in this situation is what's expected of them. So that's kind of me. That's kind of what makes me angry. Love to hear any any kind of feedback or any kind of thoughts that you guys have on that so super excited to be here and looking forward to watching more of your videos. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai