Matthias Miller  00:01
Hey guys, just wanted to share a quick win. I posted in the group yesterday about revisiting my field of favor, and I've been kind of having some questions and doubts and stuff. And I went back, and I re watched the videos, and I had to see piphany Through a friend of mine about where I've consistently seen success. So I went back, revisited that, and started revamping what it was doing based off of that. Still not completely sure on my who, but it's it's getting narrowed down. And started doing some organic posts and some Facebook groups that I'm part of and responding providing value. And one of the individuals friend requested me and and wanted to chat some more. And so before, before doing that, I just asked him the question how committed he was to to actually vetting this, this process before, even before he even brought up the possibility of a phone call. And so I've got a sales call scheduled tomorrow for that, based on my field of favor, and based on the win, I really felt like as I was watching those, re watching those videos that I got to download of, like all these different pieces. Now I want to go back and kind of revisit that some more and continue pulling this out. There's some of the other ideas that one of them, I feel like gods on it, but I don't understand exactly how the pieces tie together, and maybe it's not for now. I don't even know for sure, but I I'm this is a great opportunity to find what's working and to follow what's working. And yeah, the training, the sales training, the last few days has been incredibly helpful and incredibly awesome for that. So for those of you who are struggling with this exercise, I forget which, which the calls Holly said this on but, but go back and re watch those videos and go through them again, I think the mistake I made was field of favor. I mean, this is just another somehow, I completely overlooked it. For whatever reason, I completely overlooked my field of favor, and I really feel like, like I'm getting traction now. So super excited. Can't wait to see what happens tomorrow. And, yeah, yay. Just wanted to share this.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai