Matthias Miller  00:01
Alright, guys, super excited. This kingdom copywriting thing has been absolutely amazing. I've been in a lot of I've taken a lot of courses in marketing, and this is absolutely fantastic. So here is my kingdom copywriting piece. You can read it up there, or you can listen here, dear high achieving, Kingdom driven manager, do you have a team member on your team right now who is skilled at their work, trying their best at their job, and yet they can't seem to get it together? Not bad enough to fire them yet, but not good enough to promote them either. It's slowing down the rest of the team, and maybe it's even slowing down you. Well, here's the good news. It really is possible to have a team that's low drama, hard working, highly motivated and has fun along the way, took a few bumps for me to learn. I got into a career where I received encouragement and accolades mixed with baffled confusion on why, why somebody so good at their job could be so unfulfilled. So that led me to start my own business, and when I hired my first team member, I goofed big time, great guy wrong role, and I didn't have the room to move him elsewhere, I took the time to apply the lessons I've learned, and that's when things begin to change. My second employee, I hired as an independent contractor with for a consulting project, and my client raved about her after they'd struggled for years to find the right person. I brought her on as an employee, then went on to build my team. I recently had the spouse of one of my team members pass along a heartfelt thank you to the person who made the introduction that got him the job. And it hasn't just been my own team. I've helped others make dramatic shifts in their work roles, sometimes in a few hours, other times in a matter of minutes. I've consistently watched people's shoulders drop and face relaxes. I help them understand where they can make their greatest contribution to the team. When our software partner had an international team whose productivity was plummeting, I helped them rescue the team and build up the the morale and the productivity. And for the first time, I'm opening up the doors to show you how I did this next week, I'm launching a five day master class on I'm launching a five day master class starting next week on april 20 that takes you behind the curtain of how I make sure my employees strive and thrive. This is not just another personality course or culture building exercise or goal setting workshop, and while I may touch on those pieces, It's way bigger and way deeper than that, because that's the only way it can truly work. I'm opening this up for only $47 you will never get this level of support from me at this price again, and if you're committed to seeing your team members thrive from a practical, proven Kingdom perspective, sign up now and then the link. So there's the there's the kingdom copywriting course, invite your feedback or homework. So invite your feedback. I love, love to hear any feedback you've got.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai