Matthias Miller  00:01
There we go. Oh, all right, I gotta remember to let people in and always get distracted doing other things.

Unknown Speaker  00:14
Family is a privilege

Matthias Miller  00:18
and an honor.

Unknown Speaker  00:20
So go. How are you

Unknown Speaker  00:26
I'm doing okay. Yes, I'm doing okay.

Speaker 1  00:32
Exciting for you. Matthias, I've been enjoying seeing your post this morning. How cool.

Speaker 2  00:37
I'm like, oh. I'm like, Oh my gosh, it's awesome. Keep it going. Thanks.

Matthias Miller  00:41
Hey, kind of this sheepish, like, you know, all those, like, doubts and like all these other things, and then you kind of like, anyway, like, we're, we're on our journey. It's kind of the sheepish, sheepish looking back and like, okay, like, just trust. Just trust. Yes,

Speaker 1  01:03
well, it's exciting. And even when you shared the perspective of when you made the call and what they had to say, you know, because again, that first letdown of not having anybody, but then to hear such a simple I didn't have a credit card, you know? And it's like, Ah, it's a good perspective to think about how busy I am when I'm reading emails, and I'm going to get back to it. But like, right now my inbox has been slammed, so I've been trying to dig through some of my inboxes and like, oh gosh, I forgot about that because my horse stuff has been back slid in. And so all these articles I need to read update. And so it's pretty cool. I'm just really pumped by your success today, so I'm working on Cappy.

Matthias Miller  01:45
Awesome. Okay, so, Deanna, did you say you, you got your, your tech stuff? I

Speaker 2  01:49
figured it out. I don't know. I didn't even do anything different. I prayed really, that's really what I did. I'm not gonna, I mean, last night I was up till I I'm still working, like I'm at my nine to five now I'm at home working. But, I mean, so I am doing my I have my job nine to five, I go, I come home, I sleep about few hours, and I start working my wealth building at around 10, and I will up till three. I don't even, you know, you know how you start working? You know you realize I'm like, oh my god, I said, Deanna, just go. No, I started around 12. I walked around 11. Somewhere in there, I started around 12. So Dennis put one hour in. Next thing I know, it's 330 and I didn't fix it. So when you put that in there, it's like, okay, so I don't know. I don't know. After I listened to, actually, I think after I listened to your thing, I said, Okay, Lord, fix this because it was, it's just like my picture on my funnel. When I would do the preview, like, I don't know if you remember the sample he used with the lady. I don't remember. I've been I watched the same video over and over. Anyhow, the lady was here, the thing was here. And every time I did mine, even though it looked like that, I did the preview. My picture was up here, and all the words were at the bottom. I didn't know if the picture was too small. I'm trying to resize it. And I absolutely did nothing but pray this morning, and I put in the exact things, but I deleted, put in Zach think space, and it's working. Okay, that's awesome. Yeah, I don't know. I just it's, I don't know, because I don't know. So I did have a question, though, if you don't mind sharing your your funnel, my question is, did, are you using the cookbook? Are you using the sample funnels?

Matthias Miller  03:29
I base it off of Pedro's. Okay, yeah, pages, free, funnels, that's what I used. Okay,

Speaker 2  03:35
still trying to another question is, I can do more than one funnel with different ads, right? I mean, you

Matthias Miller  03:42
can have, you can, you can, once you have your funnel built out, you can clone the whole funnel and then make whatever changes you want, if you want to, if you want to tweak it, or have different offer early. Or you can have multiple ads to the same funnel, or, like all of that stuff. There's even ways which this is kind of advanced. There's even ways where you can test. You can have two steps of the funnel and and have like on the on the same step. Have an AP test where it It tests different variations of the same page and then figures out which one's more effective based on how people respond to it.

Speaker 2  04:19
Yeah. Just kind of, you know, I did some of the training with the the click funnels. Ones just kind of been out of that, too. And I don't know if you saw, if you've listened to any of those, but it will, it kind of breaks down, like, depending on your offering, if you're buying, you gotta have, you know, kind of, he was actually very similar to what Pedro told me to do was with the webinar. I'm like, webinar, call Lee, you know, I mean this live webinar, I'm like, that means I have to, you know, I have to, like, pre, you know, I have to pre plan a time and all this stuff. And then there was also one with the video sale in the beginning. So I wanted to do just one with how Pedro has one set up, and then one with the video in the front as well, and just kind of see. What one will go to the same video. But I didn't know if doing the video up front and, you know, having them look at it right away versus, I don't know. So I'm going to try a couple different things, but I'm still hopefully get all this finished by the end of the weekend.

Matthias Miller  05:12
Yeah, well, Steven's much better qualified to speak into that stuff for myself. I was really I was like, Why have the email opt in first and then all this other stuff. But then now looking back, it's like, well, like, no doubt, because these people are, these people are putting in their their work email addresses, and so I'm able to look up their go to their website, look up their phone number and give them a call. And like, you know, it's, I mean, especially for the for the first funnel on a cold audience, small audience. It's been really helpful to have that, that kind of, that first opt in, where they have to, yeah, have to get in. It was also kind of, they put in their email, and then you kind of lead them to the process. And it's also makes a lot easier, because each stage you're focusing on trying, you know, persuading them for one, one thing. So, you know, persuading the first page, persuading them to give, give their email, and then, like, pursuing them to get out their credit card and, like, all this stuff. But, yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  06:09
Miller, I want to hold you up if you have a question you need some time. No, I

Speaker 1  06:12
actually told Matthias, I come on to glean. So I always appreciate the invite, because I'm not, I'm, I guess I'm working on copy, which is really good, because, like I said, I've there's a lot of breakthrough in my life, because I've been sorting around, because I'm taking my it's a, it's a virtual example of what I'm doing in the barn. But I don't know how to detail that, because I haven't had to do that yet. So I was at a mind block. So yes, so I always come on to listen. So go ahead.

Speaker 2  06:43
I'm still. I'm still, and I don't want to waste, you know, your time Matthias, because I fix the tech part. But now you know, for me, if you don't mind, I just have, you know, questions are still trying to, I don't know, like I think, I think Lindsay or Randall asked a question on the boxer earlier today, about the, sorry, about the, about the, oh, hey, Monique, I don't know you were there. Okay, about the the email list. Did you get that? That question? So are you using something outsource, and it looks like Steven had recommended to use something outside. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  07:26
did he? Did he recommend a specific one? No,

Speaker 2  07:30
he didn't. I mean, I have mail month, but I'm not that happy with it, so I was going to change to MailChimp, because I got to reset all that up. So I didn't know if just keeping it within Click Funnels to me, I thought expunged with the 97 would keep us give us a list to export.

Matthias Miller  07:44
Gives you a list to export. The problem with exporting emails is that, like, if you export and send it through your own personal email, especially as your list grows, then you're in danger of getting like it looks suspicious to your email provider that you're emailing. And there's also, and I'm not up to speed on all the technicalities of it, but you know, there is a can spam app act that says that you have to, I mean, you're supposed to have your have a mailing address and unsubscribe option, which technically can be as simple as, please reply to under to unsubscribe. But in reality, people do expect to have a link, and if they don't have a link, they may start hitting the junk email, and then that gets really bad for your email stuff like that. I So Madison was running into issues that that they needed to do a double opt in. So like they would go through the funnel and then it would they would get an email saying, please click here to print our subscription. And I couldn't find any way not to to avoid that with that, personally, I use drip for mine. It has really good kind of automation. You know, if, if people do this, then do this, or, like, send them an email. Like, when once they sign up, you can set it up so that day one, they get this email, day two, this email. Day three, this email. Day for that email, etc. And there's other providers that do that.

Speaker 1  09:20
Yes, Melody, when you said drip, is that the website? Yeah, it's, it's drip.com, okay, and that is, like the MailChimp thing that paid was talked about, right? Yeah, it's

Matthias Miller  09:35
like MailChimp, but it's, it's a different, you know, I mean, it's, it's similar, but it's, you know, different provider.

Speaker 1  09:40
Is it? Is it another free service, or is this one a membership one? This

Matthias Miller  09:45
one is, let me check their pricing. Um, so I think the first level is 50 bucks. Um, 50 bucks a month,

Speaker 1  09:55
okay? Um, this whole. This holds all your emails and does that back and forth, corresponding, which, again, that's, that's why I'm asking, as long as the question was presenting in this subject area, because, again, making these non blenders was we're growing Okay,

Matthias Miller  10:14
yeah. And I can actually ask, I know I've been part of a couple of threads where people have talked about preferred email providers, and I know there were a few other ones. So I'm in a in a small mastermind with a number of other other marketers, and I think we had this conversation recently. Actually let me, let me just see if I can pull it up now, because that could be helpful. But just as an example, one of the things that you can do with drip, which I have for mine, is you can put tags on a subscriber, so when they first opt in to my challenge without buying, then I give them one tag when they buy, I give them another tag when they get the upsell, I can get another tag, and that way I can go back in and I can send an email to just the people who got the upsell, or just The people who bought, or who opted in but never bought, and so there's different things, and I know that's that's kind of advanced, especially when you're starting out, and probably won't be using that. I mean, there's no point for me to use that right away, just because I'm dealing with such small numbers. But those are the types of things you can do

Speaker 1  11:17
well and and as you keep explaining stuff, it's still brings into that understanding. Because, you know, reading through some of the accelerated one questions that are coming into the group, you know, for suggestions where to start, rather than finding yourself paying a membership and realizing you got into a bad, you know, situation. So, you know, from GoDaddy to, you know, all the different things. That's why I'm writing stuff down. Because, yeah, I'm not there yet, but you know, and if you've got people that have you know, certainly experience in that field and industry, I'll take all the wisdom you know, and be able to do some research with some hands on background knowledge that really helps. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:00
let's see taking a look here at what they some of these recommendations were. See, I mean, here's, here's one guy that that does a lot of work in this space, and he reckon he recommends ConvertKit or Active Campaign. I'm not sure see how well they they integrate with click files.

Matthias Miller  12:35
Let's see,

Speaker 3  12:37
does Facebook ads kind of retarget similarly to, I mean, can you categorize those like leads, opt ins, or it doesn't tell you the different levels, or does it

Matthias Miller  12:49
will tell you if they converted. But then, typically you want your conversion to be, did they actually buy? Because that's but they won't necessarily tell you, like, yes, they, I mean, they made it to step two in the process, but not step three. If you've got that many steps, it looks like ConvertKit does have, let me, let me just pull this up again, just to make sure, looks like ConvertKit has, has has good integration as well. And that was, I don't have personal experience with it, but that's that was recommended by a marketing

Speaker 1  13:27
friend of mine. Okay, it sounds just like it's spelled Convert Kit, yeah. Okay.

Matthias Miller  13:36
I'm not sure what pricing is on that.

Speaker 1  13:38
Well, like I said, these are names, though, because, you know, you Google something and, you know, yeah, the first ad that pops up, who knows what it is, you know. So that's why, you know, you might have just paid for a top spot on Google, you know, kind of thing, and might suck for actual use. So that's exactly why I didn't mean to cut in on you, Deanna, but go ahead your

Matthias Miller  13:57
question. ConvertKit is actually free up to 500 subscribers.

Unknown Speaker  14:03
Can go, I gotta get caught up.

Matthias Miller  14:10
You may have to you may have to pay too for the for the integration with Click Funnels, but that's 30 bucks a month, so it's still, still less expensive. Anyway. So Deanna, do you have

Speaker 2  14:23
more? I think I'm okay right now. I still have, I kind of want to. I gotta, I guess, one more question, because I know Nick Monique probably has a real, real tech question. Never mind, never mind, I need to. Never mind, I'm good.

Speaker 1  14:37
No, you got good, it's good stuff. Don't worry. Well, my question is, like, so

Speaker 2  14:41
I you know, you know how we have the video on the lead ads, right? I'm not even interested in that, about making the money. So I'm just going straight to conversion. I've watched both videos several times. My question is, though, when you go to the conversion ad teaching, he uses the one guy. As example, his funnel. So to me, it looks like I have to have the, I have my copyright part. So I'm going to say, but don't I? It looks like I need to have my funnel for the conversion ad, right? And then kind of do the copyright when I get to that part, for the copyright for the first for the Facebook ad, I just want to make sure I'm I have it, like the writing of my copyright, but I really can't do anything with that. And taught the funnel, right, yeah, right.

Matthias Miller  15:22
Like, like, you can't i? So I actually put the copy on the on the funnel as well. So I've got the for myself. I put the copy in both places, but yeah, you need to have that link and, and I don't know if you've, you've seen this, these discussions, or not, but you're, you're going to want to have, you're likely going to want to, want to have a domain name to put your phone on. Then

Speaker 2  15:45
I have that. I have, I mean, I've done a, I do the Russell Brunson teaching. And some of it, it's, it's very interesting, you know, like, it's really good to actually watch some of it. Because one of the things, I think, someone had a question about the subdomain on the training I went through it said it needed to have its own, like you need, it didn't need to be connected to anything. So I didn't want to say that to anybody. I really, I don't know if that was just something they suggested, but they were. It made it seem like any I bought like, three domains just to kind of get figure out what's going to Yeah, for my different funnels. So alright, Monique it's not yours. And Melanie and I picked up my dog

Matthias Miller  16:24
on a click funnel sub domain,

Speaker 3  16:26
it's good to hear you talk. Deanna, I appreciate your input. And no, please keep going. If you have any other questions, I'm just actually being a voyeur too. I'm just watching because I we haven't figured out all the little steps, but we're working on those, and we have to do them at the same time, ads and right? That's

Speaker 2  16:47
what, that's what I'm learning. That's when, like, Okay, wait a minute. So it's gotta what? Yeah, I can't do this part because I don't have my funnel yet. So let me make the funnel and then go back to the ad of the yeah

Speaker 3  16:57
thing. I'm like, Yeah, I started with the funnel personally, because I think that's a little more, you know, tougher for me to figure that out. And then the Facebook ads. It's not that it's necessarily tough, but if I have all that copy, I can just transfer it there. And, you know, we we started on a video, we're doing it both at the same time, basically, you know, starting on the video, the stuff that's going to take a long time, and the pictures, because he has to cut me out. And all these pictures, my husband does, and he's, you know, making it look like eye popping. Like, wait a minute, what? I'ma stop the scroll, you know,

Speaker 2  17:35
Yeah, gotta figure that out still. Yeah, I've got some eye popping ones, but then sometimes they don't look that professional. You can make an eye popping picture that's not looking very

Speaker 3  17:46
well, you know, it doesn't matter. It doesn't really matter. It just matters that they stop the scroll. They go like, wow, this person, what? What are

Speaker 2  17:53
they doing? You know, and that I have a couple of pictures like that. Like, I made some shirts about appealing. And so I want them, like, point to a play, but my can kind of silly. I did a couple different things, so we'll see. I'm not there yet, though, but I worked with Canva a lot last night, trying to write some of Canva so clear. My backgrounds were horrible. My husband took the pictures last week, so I usually Canva, you can just make the background totally a solid color. So I Yeah, and then next time it was 330 in the morning, but I didn't, I'm like, oh my god, I gotta get up. You see these circles? I don't realize how bad it was, because it's just like, I have the, I'm telling you, I have the energy. Just keep on going. It's very interesting. Like any other time I would have been dying. For some reason, the Holy Spirit really has me going, like you can get up, like he's waking me up. Still woke up at the same time today. He's having me work all day, and then the same He's making me but I mean, I'm not there. I see it in my eyes, but I've got the momentum to keep going. Keep going because I really, really want to. I had to slow down with the software in healthcare. So the software has to be, if you're familiar with HIPAA protection, so I had to figure out a work around that. And so we did, but it's not the best. So I had, I just have to, I had, just have to start and see what happens. So

Speaker 3  19:13
Well, I think your niche is fascinating and so needed and awesome. And you know, you're being prayed for in this

Speaker 2  19:19
group. And thank you. Yes, I pray. Oh, thank you. Thank you. And

Speaker 3  19:23
the Lord is giving you energy to do it. It's amazing what he does. But busy people get a lot more done. I

Speaker 2  19:30
just can't believe the energy I have, like any other time I do, take a nap after, like, work, and then I my husband, like, oh my god, I sleep like, two, two hours, and I get up and I'm up another five. But it's been interesting. But, yeah, my, my, what are they called? The podcast was really good yesterday. I felt it was good yesterday. But I can't wait for that, because the guy that did it said he would match anyone that signed up. He would buy five for five more people like so I was really excited for that. But

Unknown Speaker  19:59
so. Yeah. So how did that work? I'm sorry say that again. He

Speaker 2  20:02
so I'm what I did was I discounted my course pretty much in half for his audience. And he's and so the what I'm sounding my online course on how to teach you how to appeal, and so you can do one on ones. So he's going to purchase one on ones for each course that gets sold. So he's going to do that for his he works in pharmacy too, so he won't sell people out. So I'm like, or else, I don't know how I'm going to charge him for them, like you just, you know he but he advertised it, so hopefully that will bring in. He's just now starting. So he didn't have his big podcast, but it felt really good. I felt really confident, you know,

Speaker 3  20:42
yeah, that's what it did. You know, just test the market and keep going. Keep going. That's what we're talking about moving forward. It, yeah, just get attention. You know, the Lord brought me on a a 20,000 I thought, Instagram account with this girl, and she's, you know, business savvy, but not many people showed up on the webinar, so I only got a few hits. And, you know, had a phone call too, but Lord just said, keep going. The voice of the turtle shall be heard. It says Song of Solomon 212 in the King James version. So basically, he's just saying, you know, keep moving forward, step by step, line upon line, you will get there and God's going to bring them.

Unknown Speaker  21:29
Wow, you see you the instant. It was the Instagram class.

Speaker 3  21:32
No, it was, it was, it's, it's, it was my title of looking for love and all the wrong places and faces. And we had, like, a little February, what do you call that webinar, you know, for the women that are single and looking, you know, trying to find a man in the wrong way. And so I'm the love. I'm living love coach, okay, basically, I help people with their hearts more for themselves, internal stuff. But so they were all single, basically. And I really don't know how to to email them on a regular basis, but I got a, I got, like 158 emails with that nice and so you just have to keep going, and, you know, emailing, and, you know, making them interested. So that's a group. So with this podcast, ask them for the emails,

Speaker 2  22:29
okay, okay, I'll do that,

Speaker 3  22:33
and then start targeting them for what message you were sending them. And, you know, just start targeting them, you know, like getting the one on ones, getting the course, do value, value, value, then offer, offer. So, three values, three free things, or, you know, information, or, you know, whatever you input, good advice, you know, look for this and your your, you know, appeal letter. Look for that, whatever it is, and then say, hey, well, I can help you get there quicker, you know. And the fourth one, and then the fifth one, like, you know, don't do it by yourself. Let me help you. And and then start over again, value, value, value, offer, offer, value, you know, got it emails.

Speaker 2  23:22
I did have another question that came up in my head. Matthias about, are you familiar with the you're like? These are questions for Steven, but just in case, you know the Thank you, Monique, for that. Thank you. Some good training. I don't know the Facebook boost. I know that's not something we're doing, though. I you know, I did that prior to any of this training. My question is, if you know, how can I now that I have created a business manager account with Facebook, that boost seems like it's separate, even though it was still under my business page. Are you familiar with that? And if, if you are, how do I connect it like, why won't it like? I have to actually go to the boost to find what my traction was for that boost versus because I only could boost because I had a business page, because they advertise it on your, you know, your business page, but now that I created the business manager account, that information is not over there. So I'm

Matthias Miller  24:29
not 100% sure. I think that after you, I think any boost before your business manager is separate because it didn't have this is kind of what I'm thinking. But any, any boost that you do after then get, actually get created as ads within your business manager, and so I'm not aware of a way to bring it, bring them in. Are you looking for, are you looking to find, like, high performing boosts previously? Or it's just

Speaker 2  24:57
that, you know, when I go on business. Business Manager. I have the pixel on my website, you know, so I can see the analytics there. But that boost has analytics too, like it had, you know, the location and the people. So I'm just trying to, like, you know, view that as well. But it's not there so, but of course, I can, if I go to my business or on Facebook, because it's still trying to get me to boost that same match. Write it again, try it again. I can go into it and see what, you know, what the results were there, which nada, but I can see, I mean, there were clicks, and I can see the demographics, but I I can't see the, you know, the analytics the same way for the pixel. And then the other thing, it confuses me, because, yeah, anyhow, yeah. I was just curious about that as well. So

Matthias Miller  25:44
yeah, that's, that's my best answer. I mean, there may be, there may be some kind of way I'm not aware of. I mean, you can also Yeah. I mean, yeah,

Speaker 2  25:59
all right, I'm gonna go off now. I have to pick my dog up. But I thank you. And you know, I shoot a question every now and if I can ever get caught up. So yeah, I appreciate it. I really, really do. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  26:13
for sure.

Speaker 2  26:14
Good to see you listening for a while. It caught up in my work emails are flashing.

Matthias Miller  26:21
Sounds good. Alright. Well, I think spirit has said something about maybe having a question and maybe being on but I'm not seeing him,

Speaker 2  26:31
so maybe you can tag him real quick, maybe because he might have forgotten,

Matthias Miller  26:37
oh, shoot something out of the boxer. Uh, and see if anybody shows up there. If anybody

Speaker 1  26:49
people with some strong questions? Yeah.

Speaker 1  26:58
I have, I do have a question for you about the domain stuff, yeah, when I went to adding it did, she did bring up the words, you know, sub domain. And I wondered about that, because it when I was reading I went through the tutorial for the click funnels. They get a tutorial for the GoDaddy, and it states that if you have a a web page set up to that domain name. Once you give it to click funnels, it takes the traffic to them only. It won't go to your page. So would that be a reason you'd want to do a sub domain then Matthias,

Matthias Miller  27:33
sorry. Hang on one second.

Speaker 1  27:34
Nope. That's alright. I didn't go any further because I thought,

Matthias Miller  27:41
sorry. Do Say it one more time.

Speaker 1  27:42
When I was doing the training with the GoDaddy, you know, registering my domain page to click funnels, I did the tutorial well, it stated that that a sub domain name was needed if you had that domain set to a web page, because, after you tie it together. Anybody that clicks on that, WW, dot, you know, page will be directed to click funnels and will no longer go to your home page. So is that, is that management of a subtitle kind of thing where you'd want to because, again, I'm still building, you know, I'm in the thought process of building a new page, because my old program was the Barbara project, and this is the pony Institute, which is still a learning and educational facility, but now the institute brings more along the lines of, you know, school and teaching and education, not necessarily in the bottom, but you know, when she when it said sub name, I'm thinking, do I want to Maybe have a secondary situation where I add a number or add something to give it that secondary location, if I want. I mean, I know Pedro kept saying that web pages are now pretty much getting obsolete, that the Click Funnels is kind of the new go to. So that's what I'm was speculating, is that, you know, it's kind of like letting go of your wall phone because you had a cell phone. You know, for a while, my wall phone's stayed on the wall because, you know, blah, blah, but now you couldn't find a wall phone in my house to save yourself. So I wonder if that's what I need to not worry about that domain name, because now it's bought just specifically to have this click funnel. Because, again, being new to this. It's what, what would be your best advice?

Matthias Miller  29:21
Okay, so do you have an existing website?

Speaker 1  29:26
I had not, not tied to this new venture, and that's what I said. So before I jumped into it, I listened to the tutorial yesterday, after the call you had, and and I listened to it, and I thought, Oh, this is a question for the professionals. Because, again, I, you know, I did four because horsesms, I did.com.oregon.net and then I did the pony institute.com, because, of course, everybody tells you that.com is the best one to get, and if you can get them, get them. So I just did the those. Is, you know, for particular names. But before I lock one into with the, not with the thought process that I won't need to design a page, because I'm going to do a click funnel only with that, because I, again, I bought the domains under a Pedro saying, do it. But I still don't know what to do with them, really, yeah.

Matthias Miller  30:18
So, so I mean, Pedro's, Pedro's advice, as as I remember it is basically, I mean, his, his description for websites today are basically brochures, which means people bring them up, they leave through them, and, you know, put them in the trash, let's be honest. And so there's no reason for you to actually build a website on that, on those domains, I think, building out. And again, this is, this is his recommendation from the training was like, just build out your funnel directly, connect your funnel directly to that, to that domain. And just do that, because you're going to be running ads directly to the to the funnel. And if somebody wants to, you know, hears about you some other way, and they hop on there, then you still want them to, you know, sign up for your challenge, or whatever, whatever process you want them to go through in order to to

Speaker 1  31:08
update. Okay, well, that makes sense too, then, because ultimately, so you're circulating them instead of an empty brochure, you're always circulating them to either grabbing an email and all that information that comes on the funnel. Okay, like I said, Though I just see this is the kinds of questions I appreciate being able to ask. Because I'm like, you know, it's kind of like signing the bottom line of that, you know that that loan paper, you know, what's the real cost of the money? You know? So that's why, you know, sometimes it's nice having a young person because they're bold and they just jump me. I'm like, Well, if you think this out turtle Monique, because I definitely feel like I need to ask those questions rather than, you know, signing away something that I'm going to regret because I can't get out from it. Yeah, okay, yes.

Speaker 3  31:53
The the the Thursday, is that what he said to start the challenge or to start the Facebook ads, the

Matthias Miller  32:01
recommendation that he gave was to start the challenge on a Thursday and run Facebook ads a minimum of seven to 10 days beforehand. I actually, I actually bumped the dates of my challenge, I think maybe twice, because I wasn't getting traffic. And so, I mean, you do have that option if you're not getting opt ins, or even if you just get a get a few. I mean, if, if there aren't reasons to expect conflicts of schedule, you know, there so many things that you can change in that process. But that was his recommendation. That was Steven's recommendation was not less than seven days beforehand, start running your ads, because you're going to need time to to get them dialed in.

Speaker 3  32:42
You Yeah, I agree. Unless you're, you know, putting $1,000 a day in it and getting everybody on there and you're doing it the right time, and

Matthias Miller  32:53
you already have, yeah, yeah. You

Speaker 3  32:55
already have a following. You already know how to retarget the retargeting thing. I really love that. But, and that's, is that what you're talking about, retard kind of in Cook funnels, how to retarget, like, if you know what they've done, like, like, you said you knew somebody clicked on it and they they rested on it. You found that out. How did you find that out?

Matthias Miller  33:19
So you could, well, I mean, there's, there's a couple of things, Click Funnels does tell you, like, step by step, how far people made it through the process. Like, how many people made it through which process? What I was talking about earlier is, and this is, like, way advanced, not something you need to worry about now, but you can, you can assign tags to people so that you know which products they bought or or, you know, did they just opt in, or did they buy? And then you can send emails based on where they're at in the process as well. But you can do the same thing as well with with retargeting. You know, if there's, if there's people who who visited but didn't buy or never hit the thank you page, or whatever, or, and I'm not sure how in depth Stephen went into the retargeting, I should watch that

Speaker 3  33:58
video. Well, in Kajabi, you can do that. I'm not exactly sure how to do that from click funnels into Kajabi, but into in Kajabi you can do like this person came in through this webinar or this thing, or this, you know, maybe they clicked on this funnel through this part, or whatever. But I don't know how to do that through click, you know, going into Click Funnels, it kind of confuses me, using two kind of funnel systems,

Matthias Miller  34:29
Yeah, but you're primarily using Click Funnels as the funnel and and then just sending them into Kajabi here. So, so the the Kajabi side of it, you don't, you don't even have to worry about, and I think some of these things, like even the retargeting stuff, like, there's really not as long as you have your pixel installed, there's not a lot of reason to be worrying too much about about those things now, until you have your your phone that built out. But, but, yeah,

Speaker 3  34:52
yeah, I'm very analytical, and that almost prevented me from getting on the webinar in February. Uh, because I was thinking, Oh, what if these, you know, she has 20, 20,000 followers. I thought a lot of people are going to be there, but I only got, you know, 158 emails. And now I only have, like, 150 because eight people at least opted out. But you know, that's, that's not bad still,

Matthias Miller  35:22
yeah, yep,

Speaker 3  35:27
cool. Well, I'm not there to ask any questions right now, but maybe in a couple of days we're going to be there hopefully.

Speaker 1  35:38
Yeah, I agree. If you, if you, you know, have the available times at different times. I'd rather get on and say hi a few minutes and go if nobody actually has drum ones. But it's almost like it was a relief Matthias to be able to say, well, I can ask him. I can, you know, because, like, that domain thing, so it wasn't like, I'm like, you know, I gotta make a decision because I can't move forward. It's like, well, this is available and, you know, so I could, you know, let it, you know, put it on save and not worry about it. So that's really, yeah,

Speaker 3  36:08
okay. Thank you, Matthias for being so generous. Yeah. Did you see that post that I put on there? Yeah, I was

Matthias Miller  36:14
going to take a look at it. I started watching before, before I hopped on here to say, yeah,

Speaker 3  36:19
yeah. He's crazy energetic. And, you know, I just, anyway, I was thinking about you like you're going to be able to dance around moving this dream team around a bike like that.

Matthias Miller  36:31
Awesome. Any, any way to get myself associated with extreme sports. Sounds like That's wonderful to me. I actually had a somebody gave me a word about to No, no something within the past year about about extreme sports. So I should probably go back and listen to that again.

Speaker 3  36:47
Yeah, exactly. We need to. We need the encouragement right now, because the enemy is trying to prevent us from moving forward and advancing and yeah, that's, I'm so glad y'all are all iron in here.

Matthias Miller  37:02
Amen, yeah,

Speaker 3  37:04
thank you. Good to see you. Melody, yes, good to see you guys.

Unknown Speaker  37:07
Thank you, bye, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai