Matthias Miller  00:01
All right, so I just realized that I completely botched the other video that I did, and all you heard was the squealing noise. And that's obviously not It's not what I wanted. So for those of you who couldn't understand what in the world I was saying, just wanted to let you know I am down to the hive right now, and it is going down. We are having a book signing. And check this out. We have got live music and all kinds of other booths over there. And of course, there's your yours truly with my book. And actually, we have got a new, something new that we put together. Discover how to convert your lackluster team members into Die Hard believers will be begging you to work overtime. So if you want that, that's for free, for anybody who shows up right here downtown at the hive. And in case you missed the memo, we're also doing a business bundle, Business Breakthrough bundle, like I can't even remember what it is, but there you go. Business Breakthrough bundle book giveaway. These are some of the three books that really rocked my world this year. There's rocket fuel, which is a must read for anybody who who is in business, Kingdom culture. And so this one is actually written from a Christian based perspective, but it has a lot of principles that can be applied in the in the workplace, and it as long as you're not scared by Christian language, if you're not, if that's not you, then there you go. But if you're, if you're a Christian leader or or a business person, fantastic book on on healthy culture, and then the four disciplines of execution, which is about achieving your wildly important goals. And it's a fantastic book. So there's a giveaway for that. And, oh, one more thing that all of the book proceeds are going are going to benefit New Horizons tonight. So come in and support a an organization that is doing an amazing work, and say, hi, get a chance to win. Maybe, if, if your guy watching, send your wife in, have her sign up for these books and get an awesome Christmas gift out of the deal. Hey, who knows? So looking forward to seeing you guys come see me. Have an awesome one.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai