Matthias Miller  00:01
Alright, hey, Athena. I thought it'd be easier to respond with Facebook Live. So forgive this eerie glow, but just a couple of thoughts. I think, I think Han had some good thoughts on your, on your, on your post. I think, I think there's some, some good things to consider. One of the things I wanted to share was a little bit of my experience in the custom software space. So we've, we've taken much the same approach, and it has been brutal, and it's been difficult to make money, and it's been, it's, it's just been frustrating. And one of the things that we've been doing with custom software is, at least with with my brother's company, is is narrowing down our focus more to saying we're doing order management systems for very specific types of clients. And what that means is that there's a similar type of thing that we're doing over and over again, and by doing that consistently and repeatedly, like it it's so much easier. Like it takes so much of, I don't know, it takes so much of the craziness out of it, and and what, when just looking at your at your website, about the publishing and stuff, stuff that you're doing, there's so many different, different types of books that you're that you're publishing, and like, I'm seeing the same, I mean, I can only imagine that you're experiencing many of the same challenges that we face on that trying to build so many different types of so many different types of software. And I think part of part of the resistance to packaging, packaging may come down to simply like, if there's a way that you can narrow down to a specific type of of book that you specialize in publishing and making that your bread and butter that that makes it a lot for sure, makes it a lot simpler. But something else that I've seen, seen happen, used as well, and I'm not sure exactly how this all works, I think there's probably some resistance to bundling, to to selling the outcome instead of the the line items. But people who've built kind of outcome driven models where you're paying a certain amount of money for a specific outcome, but then they have packages within that where, depending on, depending on where the person is at, like you'll start with package, package X and and work through that part of the process first, before you, before you take, take part of this. Or maybe, you know, one of the things you mentioned in your video is the whole thing of permissions, and maybe, maybe acquiring permissions is kind of like a is a package within that, and there's a way that you can create that as a standalone package that's simple, repeatable, that's that doesn't have a lot of guesswork and not a lot of variation, that you can that's profitable, and you can, again, kind of, kind of create those packages instead of having everything be, be fully custom. So anyway, those are just like thoughts I wanted to share from, from kind of, kind of my own experience, and really interested in hearing, kind of hearing your further processing, on on packaging. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai