Matthias Miller  00:03
All right. Well, good evening, everybody. Welcome, welcome, welcome. You're going to get rolling here, so we have to make sure that we've got Eric on here. He said he was on the Zoom, so we're going to get him here. Sorry about the camera here. Hopefully you guys are doing fantastic this this evening. There we go, Eric, I'm going to make you a panelist, and I think that should let you, once you accept that, should let you share your video if you want to do that, let me know if you if I need to make you a host, I'm happy to make you the host, if that's necessary. Okay, yeah, we hear you. Awesome, cool, good. And we're also live in the Facebook group, so I'll keep my eye open for that, for any questions that come through there. So just brief intro and Eric, maybe you can fill in a little bit more, but you have, you run an agency, and you guys basically build and execute virtual summits for people. Is that right?

Speaker 1  01:11
Exactly? Man, so my background is in in person, conference planning, and I shifted to virtual summits about two years ago, and we have launched since 12 virtual summits with an average seven to 10,000 attendees per conference, and have been producing for most of the time entrepreneurs who want to scale the authority email list and Revenue Online.

Matthias Miller  01:39
Cool sounds. Sounds good. So, so I'm one of the reasons I wanted to do this. I told you a little bit about the context of this, but we're doing this for for nonprofits who are because of, because of the virus and things that are going on, needing to switch to virtual events. And some of them are actually basically training, training types do do training types of things and but, but it could also be a really interesting opportunity for for them to continue growing their donor base during this time. So, yeah, I'll just let you I'll let you take it away.

Speaker 1  02:10
Yeah. So first of all, I understand the context of what nonprofits need, which is obviously like exposure and email list and be able to contact their donator donators, people who give them like funds right for their nonprofits. And it's two things, one is what our donate is looking for, and two is, how can you bridge that gap between where they are now to where they want to be? And I have friends who literally up to $10,000 of free marketing from Google if they take advantage of it. But the quote, the qualifying process is literally like getting clear with your target audience and how you can actually bridge a gap to be able to promote Google in a way to say, Hey, I got Google grant, I can use the marketing to promote the nonprofit. So, so actually, my friend has used a goal grant to promote their virtual summits.

Matthias Miller  03:03
Interesting. So, so Can, can you talk a little bit about the targeting and how they how they approach that, right?

Speaker 1  03:12
So, goal grant, right? So it depends on, again, the wording and how you use the marketing budget. But technically, from the goal grant is $10,000 given by Google for free for your nonprofit, for you to advertise your your nonprofits, and if, whenever you are clear with your target audience, right when it comes to the journey of it, and what is like a kind of gal thing, or Where's awareness, or you want to raise funds for the calls. Like, a nonprofit is a good idea, but you need to give value, right? Like a lot of nonprofits, they think that by just asking for me, they will get money. Well, it's a trade off, right? Like, I'm sure you know this, you need to give value in something tangible to make people want to give money, and the thing that they walk away with has even more money than what they basically gave you, right, right? Yep. So that thing, when it comes to the other side of spectrum, those companies who give you money, like, what is this? This is exposure. This is relationship, this is network. This is potentially even like a product that you have built for them that allows them to make them look good and actually have their finances make sense. And I think that's something that a lot of companies, and I do believe that non profit are companies, right? You need to think here, like, how can the value people as opposed to just begging for money? And when you are clear with who you're serving as a customer, which is the people who give you money, once you have that angle, everything's much, much easier.

Matthias Miller  04:43
Yeah, yeah. And I really appreciate that that kind of perspective, because I think, I think it's a much needed perspective. And I think a lot of times nonprofits get stuck because they they get so concentrated on, how do I solve my problem, or how do I get the money for what I'm trying to do and forget to put. Themselves into the mindset of, how do I serve the people who are giving me money? Right?

Speaker 1  05:03
I mean, honestly, like, for a lot of the virtual summit that we build, man, there's always a cost behind it. Even if it's like a for profit business, there's always a cost of giveaway. So for example, on the design printer virtual summit that had 3000 people for every All Access Pass, which is essentially the recordings, some bonuses and templates that and script that we give to designers to be able to build a six figure design planner business without having to outsource to anyone else. For every all access pass you that you buy would give one pass to a designer in need in the Philippines.

Matthias Miller  05:42
That's fantastic.

Speaker 1  05:44
Yeah, right, yeah. So, so those people pay us, technically money, and we are the one who giving way. We matching that donation on the form of digital product to someone that would need it right now in the world who cannot, who cannot afford it. So we actually point out with online draw the pH CEO, and distributed over like 500 or access pass to people in Philippines. And each one of those paths like they were valued and they were selling for like $100 up to $300 but we literally gave away like $15,000 worth of recordings to people who in need, which doesn't cost us anything, but that make the people who buy it feel good, and we were able to do our thing, which is like literally giving back to community. And my client here is Filipino, and she wants to give back to her community, so she built a profitable business by being able to give it back, while building her email list, while building her revenue and making her donor, donors happy, right?

Matthias Miller  06:43
Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. And I think, and it's really interesting you say that, because I think, you know, I keep watching the trends on around social entrepreneurship. And I think there's, I think there's a lot of nonprofits who would benefit from, you know, kind of pivoting towards, towards more of a social entrepreneurship approach. You know, even if it's not structurally, structurally like that, structurally for profit, having that mindset can be really helpful. So I think another question that I have with this is, you know, for nonprofit, for a nonprofit, let's say that. Well, yeah. So one interesting side note earlier today was talking with with the founder and director of a nonprofit who is primarily looking to go digital, and so there's a lot of kind of opportunity with that, in terms of kind of using that model for that but, but for a lot of nonprofits, I think, I think part of a question would be, if we were to put together a summit, how do we Create that alignment between kind of the summit theme and and our mission? Yeah,

Speaker 1  07:44
um, that's, I mean, regardless of whether you have a nonprofit or not, you're in the business of building a business, right? So when it comes to building a summit, the the foundation is of every single summit that I build is, what's the value of the summit at the end of the day? It's not about the people who are speaking. It's about the people who are attending. Like, where are they now? Where do they want to be? And how can you be the bridge between where they are now and where they want to be? Yeah. And the difference between a summit, a virtual Summit, compared to a podcast, which is essentially quote unquote, the same thing on paper, way, right, like you recoin sessions and you put on the platform and you release it right? Like, what's the platform? Fundamentally, besides the fact that on a virtual Summit, you sell the recordings, you can opt in from emails in our free tickets, which is not possible a podcast, but the content is, quote, essentially the same, because you get access to interviews and you listen to them and you move on to next one, right? Well, the best way to treat virtual summit and to make sure they're the most profitable is to make sure that they are under the format of a master class. And what I mean by that, instead of recording every session as if it were like singular interviews between each other, when you create your virtual Summit, if you were to be able to dissect your virtual summit into like 20 to 25 actionable topics, where each one of those topics have been on top of each other as if it was A course and each session was a topic that each speaker was a specialist about. Then you have a master class where you can actually walk through the journey of A to Z to give people the result they need, because it might be like at point D, and some people might be at point A, right. But if you position as a master class, then people will walk away with practical and actionable advice, and this is like the value of it, because why would people want to buy the recordings under the day? Because the survey is free, right? Yeah, all the times we do are free, but all the videos and recordings are available for 24 hours. So why would we pour like potentially bad recordings and one of. Go back to it when they can find some content on YouTube, on the podcast, right? And the reality is convenience, yeah, and convenience, and then having already tasted the content, and knowing it's good, that it will require them to go back to it, maybe within a week, within a month, maybe within a couple of months, but at least have confidence that once they go back to the content, they'll be able to consume it and use opponents. Does that make sense? Yeah, it

Matthias Miller  10:27
does. So I mean, let me just speak it back to you, because I think there's probably a lot of people in this group who aren't super familiar with virtual summits, and I think so let me just kind of speak it back, because it's not just so they're certainly creating alignment with the topic, but then looking at it not just as a kind of this hodgepodge Collection of Interviews, but creating an intentional pathway for people to go through and and by doing that, you I mean one of the interesting side effects of that is you broaden your your audience, because if somebody's just at the beginning, they can hop in for the Things just at the beginning, but then also the end and and then, like you said, like there's this for people who want long term access to actually be able to apply it later on, that that's helpful for them. I've got a question with that as well. With these summits, do the organizers turn these into I'm not super familiar with this. Do they often turn them into paid master classes after the fact, or, like, continue selling the recordings after

Speaker 1  11:29
so the way that we do it, and the way that a lot of people should do it, is treat the virtual summit as a free lead gen platform. So what do you mean by that? Virtual Summit is free, but the logistics and the marketing is not right as a host, right? And the way we do it is, especially when a client hire us, like, the pitch is literally like, hey, and they give you five to 7000 leads for free. Like, and they were like, how does that work? Right? Well, when you do the math when, when we do over two summits the sponsorship, we help people raise sponsorship money. And this is where nonprofit have the most amount of edge among anyone else, because they are then they know about sponsorship, right? So they know the value of sponsorship they have had probably excels sponsorship conversation around it so we we actually tell our clients, like, hey, raise sponsorship money. Have that cover the agency fee, or whatever your fee might be, if you were to be like doing by best by yourself, how sponsors cover your your fee, have the Alexis pass cover the the cost of the marketing from the All Access Pass. And then at the end of the day, you walk away with 7000 emails for free. You have a platform for free. You have the connection with the with the speakers for free. And then you have a network and offers you for free. And on the back end, if you have a product, a course, a master class, a gala for you guys, or a program for people that you want to promote, that you want people to pay for, that is upside,

Matthias Miller  13:07
yeah, yeah, yeah. Now that makes a lot of sense. I mean, had to think about as you're talking I think a lot of people assume you to be in the marketing business, but you're really in the network building business as well,

Speaker 1  13:19
and it's even beyond them. And you're right, it is partial this, but we are in the media business. We build the attention, we distribute intention, and we control the attention of people who attend our platform. Yes, we don't, we don't, we don't pursue Forbes. We don't pursue Facebook. People pursue us as a platform owner to want to collaborate with us, and we have all the leverage. When you control who gets featured or not, people will reach out to you to be part of your platform, and you get the luxury to choose who you want to work for or work with, and if you want to have a dream partner, what a better way to just show proof of work and proof of success and showing off your email list and what you have built, and not only that, but what you own that can be scalable and predictable when it comes to email list, income and authority, yeah,

Matthias Miller  14:10
yeah, for sure. No, that makes a lot of sense. That makes a lot of sense. Um, sorry. This all this, I'm getting all this light through my window. It's, it's driving me crazy, but, um, just keep moving around, interesting. So so actually,

Speaker 1  14:26
before we even move forward, I created something really fast for your audience, just giving them like a visual representation of what a virtual Summit is, so they can actually understand it from a pure religion platform, right? So it's fairly easy. And when it comes to that, like you before anything else, you figure out, once again, what we talk about, which is like, what is something does? Like, where? Who is serving? Who does somebody serving? And how do you want to transform them, right? So you want to run. The best way to honestly that we found after running. Like 12 closer to summit and consulted, like many of them, is pay advertising. The reason why is because, when it comes to, of course, you might not do this man, is when it comes to relying on people's network, affiliate marketing, or even, like cutting on speakers or sponsors promoting you, like they might say one thing, but then actually doing it is a whole different story. So the most reliable thing that you can count on is you knowing how much money you need to spend to get X amount of outcome, which is here, the email right, and again, cell phone yourself. So to have that pay advertising, covered for email marketing, which is like, mostly like affiliates, people who promote you, and you pay them like 50% up to 100% commission, and then partnership, where speakers and other people who are in network promote you, what you want to do is you want to give them access and have them promote a free virtual summit page. And the biggest difference when it comes to promoting a virtual Summit, as opposed to a webinar, which is something a lot of your clients might have gone through, is to perceive value. And reality is when you attend a webinar, you know it's going to last roughly one hour. You know you're going to get a pitch at the end. And most of the time, people feel like they learn something, but not really. They just learn about the program. They learn about the pain, but they learn little about how to actually solve it, right? So people have, like, a bad taste of what what webinars do, but a virtual Summit, you literally have between 20 to 30 hours of content that you have quite sourced. It's not in your original content, but you are, at the end of the day, you are a knowledge broker. You're the one who distributes information without even needing to be the experts. And to be honest, like one of the great, great venture summit ideas that you should do, or a lot of people should do, is how to run a profitable nonprofit, because if you don't have profit, well, technically, you don't have a nonprofit either, and you have to think about, like, the ways you sustain your nonprofit in order to build it and grow it so. So that's like, for example, let's say, let's use that as a theme, right? Like, cool. This is a virtual summit teaching you how to build scale and promote your nonprofit. People sign up for free. They have 20 to three hours of actionable content. Every single one of those people who are speaking are there, like, in the nonprofit space, or support nonprofit to build, like, scalable and actually high income nonprofits. So people go to what we call a thank you page, which is like, Hey, you officially got your ticket. Now. The summit is going to be launched XYZ dates. But this is a quick 50 minute offer where you can actually pre buy the recordings for like a 75% discount. And if you want to buy, well, you're going to get the 75 discount. Or if you don't, you can attend the summit in a normal way, so people buy it or not, so you can down sell them to potentially only, like a book version of the virtual Summit. So I'll go back to that really fast afterwards, and upsell them to any kind of back end product that we already have, that you want people to potentially even buy. So when it comes to down sell, what works really, really well is like a seven to $14 product, and that is most of the time, like a transcription of the actual interviews and recordings. And the reason why it's so powerful for you to have it is for you to use that money to cover the cost of the transcription of all the interviews. Because the reality is, after 20 to 25 hours of contents from interviewing people, you have 24 hours of transcribed content. And what you can do with 25 hours of transcribed content is literally turning into like a content machine that's worth six to 12 months of worth of content. And if you even want to do that, you can even put your summit description into your book. So now you have a virtual Summit. You have a book, and use the book and launch it on Amazon or whatever you want, and be able to use that as a lead magnet for your main business and go to authority as well.

Matthias Miller  19:11
Yeah, yeah, no, that's very helpful. I think that's that's really helpful to to to be able to visualize it like that. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  19:24
any question you might have over the process,

Matthias Miller  19:28
see, I mean, I think, I think the process here makes, makes a lot of sense. I understand there's a lot of customization, you know, kind of depending on, you know, depending on what you're doing and the type of approach that you that you're taking, as far as you know with, specifically you know, as far as you know, what types of ads you run and what the specific offers are. So typically, these run over. For a two to two to three day period.

Speaker 1  20:01
So actually, we have tested three day summits. We've run five day summit and we've run seven day summits. Interesting. Love people think that people would have content fatigue with seven day summits, but we found that a longer summit and then ends up building a much stronger fan base, because for my understanding, is the indoctrination process a much longer and they're used to receiving email from you. They are used to seeing you everywhere you can retarget them longer on Facebook to have them buy while the summit is live. And if they are used to receiving content from you now, they get used to receiving content from you in the future, especially that content is really, really valuable. So if your plan is to have the virtual summit to have people consume and open your newsletter after the summit, then it's only like a natural post summit process for them to keep opening your emails, if every single time they open an email, they find valuable nuggets from it.

Matthias Miller  21:16
Yeah, yeah. No. That makes sense. That makes sense. Good. I'm curious if there's if any of you guys who are watching have any kind of questions, feel free to drop them in the chat or in the Q and A and we can get to that. It would be interesting to talk through what. Again, I think, I think, I think that the general format of it, it can be helpful, but I think it could be also helpful to talk through, like, maybe it could be put together at least one, one, maybe two scenarios of what type of virtual summit a nonprofit may want to put together. So say we've got somebody in in the social services space, and they here's actually here. Here's one recently spoke to a nonprofit who has an equestrian center as helping helping young adults work through trauma, basically. Okay, so let's see this organization wanted to put together a virtual Summit, what might be some good authorities to have on that and and what let's see, Philip, if you could clarify your question, yes, yes, a crisis. I'd love to, love to hear more about that. But, but, like, who might be great authorities to have on that? What might be the value add to, to the to the viewers, who would then be potential donors and or supporters?

Unknown Speaker  22:56
Yeah, yeah. Like,

Matthias Miller  23:01
like, in this case, let's actually change the example. We could even change the example a little bit to to helping helping young adults struggling with addiction to opioids. Got it. So, what

Speaker 1  23:12
will be the goal of the guy or the girl hosting the virtual Summit? Like, is it more authority? Is it to raise more donation on a monthly, monthly basis? Like, what is it?

Matthias Miller  23:27
I think for many of them, it's going to be raising more, raising more money. I think there's, there's going to be a point, at least with the ones that we're working with. You know, there comes a point at which, at which organization is fine with just, just doing these types of events for branding and exposure, but I think at the end of the day, for a lot of the organizations we're working with, it's got to drive the bottom line somehow. I mean, it's got to directly drive the bottom line.

Speaker 1  23:52
And what kind of companies would donate to the nonprofit prior to the virtual Summit, for more context, for me to be able to give concrete example.

Matthias Miller  24:02
I mean, so, so that's a great example. I think, I think there may be some, alright, so, so the whole point of the of of the nonprofit would be connecting the connecting the gaps with healthcare, social services and mental health. So there's, there's certain things that that the that the medical system can't actually help you with, just because, I mean, just as an example, most times insurance won't, won't cover this type of thing. Resource Navigator, position, Philip, if you could clarify that just a little bit more, that'd be helpful. But so when I think of of strategic partnerships, I think of a couple of things. One potential thing could be with existing health care providers or therapists. I think I think those maybe individuals who have have some kind of affinity. It could be with the other thing that I've seen is there's a lot of kind of business coaches and those types of things who are heavy interpersonal development. And I think. Maybe some affinity with that as well. There may also just be family of cons, just kind of concerned family, more from individual donors and so more likely you want to be targeting upper middle class. Maybe with that. And so even as I'm speaking it out, I'm guessing the topic probably varies from kind of which you probably want to target a specific segment and build it around that Correct,

Speaker 1  25:35
correct, like there's different ways to approach it. One of the ways is, is potentially lateral. So a quick context from a summit I built was the crypto virtual Summit, right? And the angle of the crypto virtual summit wasn't so much to have people buy crypto. It was to build a community of crypto investors so that if you were to create your own fund in the future, you have access to literally 1000s of investors. So potentially, for the people who, for example, want to enhance the network that wants to know how to operate the nonprofit better, interesting move, even though they might be in opioids or the medical nonprofit field, it might be interesting for them to even think of how to build a great nonprofit business. And here's why, because a lot of you have question about how you should do certain things. How do you make sales? How do I build system? How do I value? How do I make sure deals? How do I do partnership? How do I build my network? How do I grow my authority, so that people trust me and not someone else? Well, if you are the one who interviews other nonprofit on how to perfect their own business, well, guess who will come to you when they need to talk to nonprofits you because, you know, literally 1000 of nonprofits and those donors, they were like, hey, my Matthias, like, Hey, do you know someone that works in this field? And you can connect them, and over time, you become the super connector of this nonprofit industry, because you're literally the only one potentially that has a virtuous summit that educational profit on how to operate, and can get donation on that business alone so you can use side of that mind power back into your main nonprofit business. Does that make sense,

Matthias Miller  27:34
right? Yeah, yeah, I think so. And I think let me just bit on what Philip was saying here. Um, the resource navigation is the person that helps individuals with the gaps and that don't understand the help that is out there and sharing stories that will help. Yes, but we're also talking about using resources like you and IHS and all the tribal groups we have in Northern California, they network the information that is out there to help. But we have calendars Phillips in several ways, in several ways, until the Coronavirus happened. So I think so for my standpoint, you know what you're saying makes exactly sense for what I'm trying to accomplish. I think, I think for the clients that we work with, let's say that they want to actually execute one of these things. I think, I think one of the things that they want to, they would want to become, is the the the build, build a, I mean, there's two angles to this, but, but they can either build themselves out as kind of the authority for their referral network. So for example, I mean, that's where we're really healthcare and social services, like, like state, state social services and other types of of groups, possibly therapists and people like that, where they need to refer out. And by creating trainings for those people, that could build their referral base. And then, if they're looking for, you know, looking for their donor base again, that could look, you know, if they're, if they specifically are looking to do that, that could look very different, but we could also, from our standpoint, we could also build that out, where we become the recognized authority, and build out the network, not just of organizations, but also of donors, and be able to connect those, those two pieces

Speaker 1  29:14
together. You're little bridge between people who have non profit and donors at scale. And not only that, but once you have a virtual event, it's really easy for you to then sell them at physical event when it can meet each other, sure, and that's something like a lot of donors will sponsor to put their brand in for 2000 to 5000 nonprofits, right? Like, it's one thing to sponsor one nonprofit, but how is it to sponsor a company that represents potentially 1000s of other nonprofits? Yeah, it's decision at scale. How can you make one decision that impacts 1000s of people? Yeah, that's what nonprofit does, fundamentally. But if you played at the tier higher where you help one nonprofit that. Helps all the nonprofits that help the masses, then for them, is like so much more interesting investment wise time in energy and resources, yep,

Matthias Miller  30:09
yep, yep, yep, makes sense. So Philip, let me know if that that kind of helps, at least explain how you might use it in your situation. And and love to hear your thoughts. Let's see, see if there's anybody else I'm here at the moment.

Speaker 1  30:37
So going back to the idea of getting paid to learn about how to shape your own skills in your business, right? So I created my agency in months ago, and honestly, I had no idea like how to do agency. I just know the the craft you need to do, virtual summit, but I had no idea how to build a team, the process of how to systemize it, how to make the sales and I literally built agency virtual Summit, because that was the conference I needed. And what a better way for me to learn from the very best people who have built businesses that want to build a seven eight figures at scale multiple times, and to learn from them and to be connected with them, and to get sponsors who wants to get in front of people like me. But instead of me being consumer, I was the host. So not only did I get did I learn from the very best, but I got paid to learn from the very best, and I still apply those advice in my own business, and I was able to connect with other members in the industry world would then refer me other clients. Yeah, so going back to your industry, right? The nonprofits? Well, you might have a question even yourself on how to operate a nonprofit business. How about you interview people who are destroying that space, who are just know exactly what to do, the systems, the processes, the sales, the team leadership, how to get donors right at scale, and you'll be able to interview that them, and you'll be able to ensure that relationship and a partnership in the future. So if one day, then you tap into your network, you have 1000s of people ready to support them, and now you're playing a whole different league, because not only do you get paid to learn from the very best, but you have a network of people that they want, want to get in touch with,

Matthias Miller  32:25
yep, yep, yep, no, that makes sense. And actually, and, you know, just, just to clarify, we're actually a for profit consulting agency, but, but the same, the same principle absolutely applies. Absolutely applies. Good, um, um, all right, Philip, again, not completely understanding. I would just say we only have so much time with the funds that we have. It looks like you've got more coming here. Have a good team. We're funded. We can use this to be connected with several other people. So since I'm trying to do this, get together all these people, some help, maybe networking the businesses, with hospitals, social services, mental health and more, with the tribes, absolutely. So if, if you've got the if you're funded, then for sure, like this is a fantastic way to get some, build some really strong referral relationships.

Speaker 1  33:20
Not only that, but what a great way for you to give exposure to the people who have support you since the beginning. It's like, hey, I want to give back to you by putting in front of 2000 potential your listeners for as a thank you and as a sign of us innovating and continuing to strengthen our network, and what a good way for you to give it back, by giving them, like a speaker spot on your summits. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  33:47
yeah. And I think, I think even too don't, don't underestimate the power of, let's say you had had supporters or funders from the beginning. I think, I think there's something in everyone that wants to be validated for their decisions and and, you know you have to do this eloquently. So it's not just a just a brag fast about look how awesome we are, but if you turn it back to them and and help affirm their decision as you become recognized as a thought leader in the space, then then it's giving back to the people who've who helped you get to this place, and saying yes, like, you made the right decision, believing in us.

Speaker 1  34:26
Yeah, I think a lot of people coming if I'm wrong in a non profit space, a lot of people give money, but what we needed is proof of success and proof of work. Like, what have you done? Like, I gave you money, what have you done with it? And a lot of people just receive the money. They might give like little report, but for you to be able to initiate by giving something back to them first, they'll they all be impressed by this alone, because this is not something that most non profit do. They don't. They receive the money. They. They exchange what was agreed upon, but they don't sprinkle anything on top of it. And what a good way for you to like, wow them by showing them like, Hey, you're putting this together, and you would like to involve them to the whole process. Because if they gave you money, already, more likely than not, they either will give you more money in future, or they know someone who will be able to support you as well. Yeah, and you should improve success or proof of work for even the idea, and be able to execute on it, and then them just committing, like, quote, unquote, half an hour at a time to make it happen. It's a huge upset for them.

Matthias Miller  35:36
Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. That's fantastic. I guess if, well, hang on, we each have communities coming together and and just go around and gather stories. I love what you just said. So yeah, are there? Are there other things that that you think we should cover kind of before we sign off? And, of course, for people who are interested in, who want support in, in actually doing a virtual Summit,

Speaker 1  36:06
how could it? Yeah, the one thing you're marketing in 2020 that people underestimate, that a lot of people things back. And I've attended this conference where the people who were attending were people who, literally, every single of them have seven ticket businesses, right? And only reason why I got in is because I invited the conference host on my Summit, and he wants to give me a free ticket. So that's another perk, right? Like you get on free stuff that you won't have gone otherwise, right? But he said that the one thing that every, every digital business marketer should do is build an email newsletter, and here's why, and I'm showing you this right, which is essentially when you have an audience on Facebook, what's our audience on Instagram, on LinkedIn, whatsoever, right? You can have a million likes or million followers, but every single time you message someone, only, point 0.01% of them going to see it. Yeah. When it comes to email, no matter what happens, unless they have done something to your email, all 100% of email sent are going to be 100% time received. They may not open it. That's your job as a marketer to do it correctly, but they'll receive it, right? Yeah, here's what is powerful. You being able to, you being able to access someone's mind, mind space every single day, because who doesn't check the emails every single day? Everyone, right? But nobody's spent an hour scrolling down Facebook to hopefully define your post right by building a virtual Summit. You're you're in the business of building a media platform, and media platform has access to the listeners and readers or viewers, right? And fundamentally, you're in the business of in a newsletter media business, and when it comes to visibility, authority, exposure, there's nothing more powerful than you becoming a media newsletter where you compile the information from all the newsletter so you can create your own so that people don't have to spend the time wasting time wasting, time consuming content, because you have created the best information for them in one place at all time that's reliable, predictable and systematic. So I have friends who built a million plus email list, newsletters, businesses, and it was fundamentally based upon this idea of, I don't need to create any original content. I'm a content creator. Yeah, I distribute other people's content, and now people pay them five figure for one email blast, because I have 1 million plus readers. So for you, going back to idea of become a super connector industry, bridging the gap, the newsletter is just the logical post summit sequence for you to be able to talk to people, so that people don't have to consume any type of content. But yours, because you're the host, you're the trusted source, and people who want to be speaking from your audience will pay you a lot of money to speak in front of your audience. And when it comes to real value trade, that's when you might shift between a nonprofit. What makes Forbes so powerful is not what they write, it's who they think they will reach if they were to be written on Forbes. So what if you become the Forbes of your industry, where every single time you write or share content, people will brag about it, because you are literally the leader of the niche of the space, and this is where you flip the script around,

Matthias Miller  39:51
yeah, yeah, yeah, and yeah, makes a lot of sense. And I think something else to consider with that. This is just like a foot. Note to what you said, but, but Facebook can disappear. They can change the algorithms. They can do all kinds of things. But when you actually have an email list, you have a controllable way to do you own a digital asset that's worth a lot, 100%

Speaker 1  40:15
when, when a company buys another company, they never buy what companies? Where is that they buy the asset that made the company great, and they look at the system that made you able to grow that company. And most of the time that company worth is its database, which is AKA, it's customer base, but also the machine that enabled them to build a customer base. And that is most of the time again, people who are part of your email list because you have access to them,

Matthias Miller  40:47
yeah, yeah. I just take a minute on that, because if for all the people watching now and the people looking at replays, if you think about the value that your organization has, especially up until a certain point, well, this is an ongoing concern, but for sure, up until a certain point, it's a major concern, but, but if you think about the difference between a nonprofit that has a has a system for acquiring and retaining donors versus one that doesn't, if there's a there's a vast difference in Well, obviously, in terms of of, you know, kind of, I don't know, quality of life, of managing that or running that organization, is the right way to say it, but certainly that. But then also, also just the impact that you can have is so much bigger. Not only

Speaker 1  41:35
that's all finished on this man is how much more powerful is it for you to say, hey, I have a system. Like most people don't have a plan, man, like, let alone a system. You having a machine that allows you to grow your Fauci and help the people you want to help and help the donors end goal, which is at the end of day, like they want to help you, so they can have other people, but there's only like so much that they can control. But if you come with a plan and a system and a machine that allows them to systematically grow and and and share what you have to give, then there's no way they will choose someone else over you, because you have something that most people don't have Yep,

Matthias Miller  42:21
yeah, yeah, good. All right, so best way if, if people are interested in more information, actually hang on one question. So helping Google with our nonprofit can help us.

Unknown Speaker  42:41
Oh, the Google grant, I think. But you mentioned

Matthias Miller  42:43
something about, I think you mentioned something at the beginning, about this being good for Google. Yes. Can you expand on that, how it's good? Like, how can we make it be good for Google? By doing that?

Speaker 1  42:56
What? Let's say that you have a nonprofit Alliance, you have a group of 50 created nonprofits that have a system to help people on a scale, right? Well, if gold grant gives them 10,000 free marketing money per month, right? Like, how? How can you, first of all get that and double or triple the offering? Because it doesn't cost them any money to give it away for free, the same way that doesn't cost me any money for for my clients to give a free access pass whenever someone else buys it. Right? So if you were to create a group of of nonprofits that can be good for Google to help because, first of all, those those numbers, has been created. They have a system. They they know what they're doing, and they they have a plan. They just need the money for marketing. Then it's just all easy for growth to say, Yeah, I'll give you extra $10,000 because now you're a super connector, so you're not random Joe coming to the shop like, Hey, give me more money. No, hey, we have a plan. Hey, we have 50 created non profits and Google and among other companies, they have money, but they need platforms, promoters, people who can just say, hey, Google, make us you know, may this happen, yeah, and this makes Google look good on that sign. Does that make sense?

Matthias Miller  44:27
Yeah? No, that makes sense. Yeah. Makes sense. All right, so Philip says the bigger profit donors that donate cause of making the connection with good enough plan. I'm not sure if I completely understand, but

Speaker 1  44:46
I think what he means is people who give a lot of money, donates for for people who have a plan together, right? Like, I give you money and then, okay, I get 2k and then, right? People who gave $5 million Uh, you know, you know what people why people give money? From my from my perspective, I'm sure you know more than I do is it's all about legacy, how they want to be remembered. And people give 510, 20, $50, million sometimes you just put the name on on the library as cool. It's true. So what if you exchange of $50,000 well, even, like, let's say $20,000 right? You you name a virtual summit after them. This was brought to you by XYZ donors. Yep, the we are creating a donation called XYZ, which is the name of the main donors, right? Yeah, and you legacy, you literally, literally put their name on a virtual library, yeah, like this forever. And every single time someone thinks about it, their name will be remembered. And for those people, when they have made so much money, that's what matters at the end of the

Matthias Miller  46:06
day, yep, yep, yep. And I think it's even worth, I mean, I mean, it's even worth thinking about this in the context broader than virtual summits. It's sure true there. But if you take that same principle, and in any any community, there are certain organizations, especially if you're geographic centered. I mean, it's but also if you're if you're broader than that, there's any number of organizations that fit into the same kind of space there, they complement each other, and you can do exactly the same thing that you're doing by creating creating a network of organizations, developing a plan for how all of those fit together, and securing funding and and also creating a legacy that way. And so that's, that's an offline example of that. But then you can do exactly the same thing with the with the virtual summit as well. Exactly, exactly cool. Yeah, yeah, put their name on a virtual, virtual program or on it, and short story from them help, maybe develop a big enough legacy. Yeah, so, yeah, you know, something to be remembered by. And I think it's also, I mean, there's, there's another place where alignment comes, comes, becomes so important. Because I think for some people, some people want to be remembered for education, some people want to be remembered for innovation, some people want to be remembered for helping, helping alleviate pain and so and we all want to be remembered for for different things, because we're all unique. But if you can create alignment between that individual's legacy and what they want to be remembered for, that's that's so much more powerful, 100%

Speaker 1  47:34
100% and what a better way for you to say thank you to those people, then have an audience of people who would thank the main donors for making this happen, which is technically true.

Matthias Miller  47:48
Yeah, yeah, good, fantastic. So what's the best way for people to get in touch with you? Well,

Speaker 1  47:59
the best way for people to learn about virtual Summit is literally buy my book. It's like $2 on Amazon. It's my my agency blueprints, and it's literally how we operate with an emergency. There's literally everything you need in it, right? It's called virtual summit launch formula. And can't find Amazon. Can you delivered. And, yeah, I mean, if you want to get in touch with me, you can send me a message, Matthias message, and he'll, he'll send to me right now. I'm getting, I'm getting like 30 plus message per day, so it's kind of hard for me to manage right now, on top of my business. So I just like to turn down a little bit of communication wise, but if any questions like, I guess you can relate the message to me, right,

Matthias Miller  48:45
sure. Right off. Sounds good. That's good. Yeah, fantastic. Well, Eric, I appreciate that, and we'll put a link in the post to the book so you guys can get that, and that will help you guys moving forward. Eric, thanks a lot for your time,

Speaker 1  48:59
of course, thanks for having me man. All right, absolutely, all right. Take care you too. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai