Matthias Miller  00:02
Alright, good morning, guys. It is hello from snowy, snowy Colorado. Here. Let me see if I can get this out my office window. Look at that. Look at that. It is, it is cold. It is cold. Out here. Wanted to share some thoughts that I've, I've had recently, actually, this came up from a discussion about a client project we had. So the client had an agreement with their partners that gave them access to some of the software that the partner was using. And obviously, I don't want to reveal a lot of details about this, but one of the things that really stood out to me is that they're from looking at this, that there's two ways to approach a problem. There's the band aid solution and there's the long term solution. And you know, one of the things I love about kids is that kids, I don't know kids, are just fun. Sometimes they're they want to make you pull your hair out, but they're awesome too. But when a kid is hurt, one of the things that immediately makes them feel better is a band aid. And it's, it's one of those things that that we were actually taught in some of our attachment training, is it's like, just give a kid a band aid and like, like, let them understand that you care for them and care about what's going on. And there's something that's really comfortably, comfort comforting about band aids. But one of the things about band aids is that okay, if your body heals itself, it's great, but if there's something that's that's structurally wrong, it won't solve that. And there's some things that require surgery to fix. And the same is true in life and business, that sometimes it is really tempting to go after Band Aid solutions and go find a temporary fix that that kind of solves this solves us, and helps us to keep moving forward, and kind of gives us that instant boost of, like, Yay, like, we're making progress, but sometimes, but, but here's what happens, like, three years down the road, if you don't solve those actual issues, you end up having all of these additional issues surface, and you'll end up finding the same problems over and over again, because, just because you didn't solve the root problem, and we see this with software, is that people, people sometimes design software for on a very short term perspective, and they don't expect to, they don't expect it the the software to actually need to, to last more than a year or two. And so because of this, they have some kind of temporary solution that works for three years, and everything seems to be working great. And then three years down the road, their business continues to grow. They're wanting to expand it. And in the case of what happened with her, with their partner, they want to take these places and they realize that this was actually a band aid, like it wasn't actually built to be able to grow and scale with them and and so one of the things that is one of these, I don't know, it's just a core, important foundational principle of life, is is being able to understand and see those like, what? What's the root issue? What's the long term solution? And let's actually pay the price for the long term solution, so that as your business continues to grow on scale, whether it's in software, whether it's in the coaching that you receive, and no matter where it is, make the investment pay the price, endure the pain the long term solution, so that you can actually solve it, and three years down the road, you're not fighting the same problems that you're facing now. So just a little story that's right from from conversation and wanted to, wanted to give you that encouragement. Let's go for, let's go for long term solutions. There are times when band aids are necessary. It's time, times when we need a short term fix in order to survive. What's going on, but, but going for long term solutions will allow you to build longevity in your business. So take care, guys. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai