Matthias Miller  00:09
All right, good day, everybody. We are just a minute early here. We're going to give people a chance to hop on and Matt, you should now be becoming a panelist, so we'll bring you on in a second. Here, just a couple of thoughts for you guys. There have been a couple of things I've been thinking about today in regards to the people in this group, and I think this applies for all of us. But there's a there's a couple of traps that we can fall into in in these types of types of times. And I keep repeating this stuff, and hopefully it doesn't get old, and hopefully it's still relevant. But so, so if it is lovely, love to hear you guys feedback. Let me know if you can hear me. Let me know if you're here. Absolutely what I want to know that. But it's easy to fall into a trap of of kind of a scarcity mindset, that there's that the pie is limited, that we all have to scramble to to get our piece of the pie. And that's absolutely not the case. I think, I think these types of opportunities show, demonstrate, the people who are able to to adapt and to to expand and create new opportunities. I know that when, when you're in tough, tough spaces. It can be really challenging to keep your your mind right, keep your Yeah, just keep your mindset right, and keep your focus right. You can easily slip into into confusion, doubt, fear, uncertainty, all of these types of things. And I think one of the things that I want to do in this group is I want to create an opportunity as much as possible for us to for us to help, help each other during this time. So with that in mind, I also want to have the, have the Facebook Live Stream open on the other part of my screen. I just got kicked out, so I am going back in right now so that I can have that, so that people who, people who leave any kind of comments there, can that I can that I can see those and respond to them. So apologies for the disruption here. We are going to chase that down. All right, so, good deal. All right, fantastic, good I'll keep that open in case there are any questions that come come through Facebook instead of instead of zoom. So we're going to go ahead and jump in before we before we bring Matt on. Just one more thing. So, so we're doing hot seats here. I think the whole point of a hot seat is there's two things. One is, one is that there's a lot more that you can do with kind of personalized attention than you can with kind of generic training. And so that's one of the things that we want to do, is just find ways to more specifically help people move forward. But then there's also the the other advantage, which is, when we're in a situation, it can be really easy to kind of get locked into the same way of thinking, or the same way of approaching, and one of the best ways to or one of one of the really good ways of solving problems, is getting around other people who are solving different problems and finding finding ways of doing that. So if you, if this is an open invitation for anybody in this group, or if you, if you have other people that you know, that you want, that you know would benefit from, from this type of support, by all means, reach out to us, and we're happy to make this available. And there's certainly a limited number of slots available for this type of thing, but let us know. So Matt, if you want to, if you don't mind just meeting yourself and bringing your video on, and we will dive in. Can

Speaker 1  04:27
you hear me? I can hear you. I won't let me bring my video on. It says that you stopped it.

Matthias Miller  04:34
I stopped it. Let me pull up my panel here.

Matthias Miller  04:50
I have no idea how I stopped you. I see your videos disabled, but me. I don't see any way that I actually prevent that, but I'm sure you're absolutely right, and I have no idea.

Unknown Speaker  05:18
Double checking my settings, there's nothing strange,

Matthias Miller  05:22
okay, well, it was working yesterday. That's odd. You may just have to make do like that. Me should have a message here, and we'll see if, if we've got any kind of I Yeah. Alright, so Matt, why don't you just start a little bit, let's, let's start a little bit with, just give us a little brief overview of of your organization. I know you did the Facebook Live intro, but just give a little direction where you're at.

Speaker 1  06:01
We're about two and a half years old. We're really young. We I restarted this ministry as a result of our church merging with another church nearby. And one of the things that our congregation asked me as I was turning over the keys was, do you want to do anything in ministry, and I said, I'd love to create material discipleship, material to help, especially small churches. At the time, I thought was to help small churches that just don't have a lot of resources or experience in doing Bible study and discipleship and training. Training can be expensive, and that's where it started, and that evolved into partnering with a couple of ministries and then developing some written material, which has evolved into the online digital course offering, and doing it that way. And that's just kind of what really, that's just been the heartbeat of what we've done the the entire two and a half years is just try to develop the material. We've used it. We've tested it in a couple of church different church settings, some with youth, some with adults, some one on one in a comprehensive fashion. We've done it some piecemeal. But that's what we do. We have a Bible reading group that's on Facebook, private group that we do a Bible passage every day. Then on Friday, we usually have a noon, five, a NOON LIVE, where people hop on and we discuss passages, questions and things like that. But the brunt of our efforts right now are going into developing and distributing the the online courses. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  07:49
And this, okay, so what's the feedback that you've gotten from from the testing that you've done in churches groups? It's

Speaker 1  07:54
been really positive. We've got one particular, I'll call it a product, I guess that's what it is. Um, it's actually where we're print books that we used with our students. It was a discipleship three volume set that I actually rewrote and adapted into a lecture, Tim and the lecture small group format and kind of did all the work for them there. They used it for a couple of years, and really a great feedback. We've had good feedback on the Bible courses. So far, we've had, have had trouble getting any traction and getting new, new clients. And right now, I've got everything out there for free, just kind of getting name out there. And so we, we're not generated any revenue at this point in time, but we've probably got 20 or 30 people that have gone through the online stuff so far, the feedback has been good. I haven't had anyone honestly leave anything like that. Was a waste of my time, or anything like that. It's all been good and very encouraging, which kind of keeps us moving.

Matthias Miller  08:59
Okay, so I'm curious. So I'm curious at the beginning, too. You talked a little bit about, there's been a shift from there's, let's see what's your website is it crucibles fire.org, okay, all right. So if you guys want to look, look that up, too. So, so there's been a shift between saying, hey, look, we're helping smaller churches who are under resourced to, and I didn't catch who you're moving to or how you feel that's changed. How do you see that change of of who you're serving

Speaker 1  09:47
when I first well, and I'll add one more piece. The idea even started as a book. And I wrote a book about our experience with my special needs daughter. That's where the name comes from. Um. That turned into a or actually was written from a series of blog articles where we were updating people when she was kind of in a critical situation in her life, which then evolved into the the discipleship, material, encouragement, ministry, that sort of thing. My intent, when we started this thing to have years ago, was to offer my services of just going in to help small churches who needed some help with how do we do a disciple? I was hearing that a lot from people. We don't know how to do discipleship in our church. I mean, I know how to sit across the table and have a coffee with a guy, but how do I do that in the corporate body? And and we were currently doing that in our church at that point in time, at a pretty successfully and so that was my intent. And I don't, I don't know that it was intentional, that it that it evolved that way. It just didn't get any traction. And so it just kind of went that way. I kept writing material, I kept putting together material, and putting it up there. And what we did get traction with was people downloading it, people using it. I did it. I actually did help our local church Institute kind of was my idea. Originally instituted. They used it for a couple of years. Went through the material, but I never really got a lot of traction in that. And so it's so now I've just been focusing on because I have been getting some traction, more traction, and people actually hopping on to the online school, going through the material, which was really my intent in the first place, was just to get the material out there and the training. And so we've had more traction that. So I don't know if it's just evolved that way. It's neat. When I hear myself say it, it was like, yeah, there was a lack of a plan there. So it just kind of happened, yeah,

Matthias Miller  11:43
but, I mean, success always, always leaves clues. And I think, I think if you, if you have something that's that's resonating with people, I think that's that's well worth, yeah, that's well worth following. So so let me just, I'm kind of wrapping my mind around it. So, so the original, the original intent, was really working more directly with churches to help them create some of these groups. What you're finding is that you're actually, you're actually building this community yourself. You're building this community yourself through an online platform.

Speaker 1  12:18
That's, that's correct. What I did find I had, you know, with the meetings I did have with churches, there was lots of interest right up until the point where it was here. How can I help you do that? And then it just dissolved. I don't it was, I don't know if it's a cultural thing, if it was a regional thing, but it was just, hey, thanks for your time. And they actually got some materials and then never called back.

Matthias Miller  12:44
Do you know if they ever followed up with it?

Speaker 1  12:47
They did, not necessarily with our stuff. I think they took the idea and the concept and did some of their own stuff. I did see some instances of some American individualism in that they're like, Oh, thanks for the idea. And just not really into the partnership idea. It was just kind of an interesting I thought, as a small church pastor for 20 years, I thought, Man, I would have loved to have had someone help me early on and when we were trying to do this instead of reinventing the wheel, and the interest just wasn't there. It was kind of a kind of deflating at first, but they were just like, Okay, we'll just keep plowing see what happens. What

Matthias Miller  13:24
happens. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  13:33
But then they did end up. They did end up. Eventually it's kind of like, mean, is it fair to say that? It's It's basically like, okay, so we think this is a great idea. So we're going to go, go figure out a way to do it ourselves. We're going to take whatever ideas that you have, but we're going to, we're going to run and go do it ourselves. Is that That's correct? Yeah, that's right. Okay. Have you ever put together a training specifically around more of the how to, how do you build and foster relationships, or how do you build and foster community? Are those, those types of things? No. And this is like, this is just a sorry, sorry, Bradley, in regards to your question about the about the website, yes, is the crucible spire.org so in it's possible that. So basically, I guess what I'm here to do is, is look at possible avenues that we can pursue. One possible avenue would be to say, look, we've, we've successfully put together the model for how you build discipleship groups, and here's, I guess, more or less, the system for doing it, but you guys get to plug in whatever curriculum you want to into, into what you're doing. And. Is, I don't know if, I don't know if there's enough buy in at that point to say, like you you could probably, you could probably tell me right off the bat that if a church is looking to put together a discipleship group and it doesn't work, here's, like, the three or four most common reasons why it doesn't

Speaker 1  15:20
the number one reason would be buy in from the church, buy in from the people. That's the number one thing that I hear is they don't want to do it. The second thing is that I heard the most was we don't really know how to do that on a corporate scale. Where do we start? Do we start big? Do we start small? And the other thing that we when I kind of started doing this, was when discipleship kind of began to be a buzzword, yeah, everybody kind of started getting flooding the market. I think that's hurting some too, because all the big name guys now have their own book and that sort of a thing. So we kind of tried to differentiate at that point in time of you know what they're doing, great work. There's no reason for us to reinvent that wheel, either. And then it became available. And so that's part of the reason we shifted over into the a more micro field of, well, here's, here's some, some tools. But it really we got more traction the individual market. I hate to use that word, but, but because the churches had so many resources at their hands. But it was, people don't want to do it. We're not sure how to do it. And then it became a buzzword. People were willing to do it, and there were lots of tools available all of a sudden. So who's this guy from East Texas? You know, that's kind of what happened, yep,

Matthias Miller  16:35
makes sense. So, so So going moving into the kind of, into the individual side of things, are there any, are there any patterns that you've seen of the types of people that, well, first of all, how big is, is a group at this point?

Speaker 1  16:53
I've only got about 30 students at this point in time. Okay,

Matthias Miller  17:00
and do you have any kind of like, I don't know whether it's best to answer this. You can answer this two ways. One is you can answer this based on on the students in your group, and the other, the other is you can also answer this more based on kind of Who are your people. But if you had to narrow down, I mean, I mean, if you look at the segment of the population, who affiliate themselves with, you know, with, or who identify themselves as a Christian and could benefit from being a, you know, from a Bible study course or something like that. That's that's going to be a wide segment. You had to narrow down your people, either based on who's in the group or kind of who you feel your tribe is. How would you where would you go with that? Well,

Speaker 1  17:50
I think that's been one of my principal problems. I don't really know how to define my tribe, even when I look at that 30 people. I mean, there's friends and there's family, there's people that have gone through it that, oh yeah, that was great. Appreciate it. There's been some ministers have gone through it. Oh, this is great. I have a couple of Pastor friends that have been through it, and some men who are just involved in Men's Ministry. Oh, this is great. And then it just falls off. I'm not able to translate that, oh, this is great into Hey, mister so and so. You also need to see this. So the tribe is made up of of, like you said, people who, who want to go deep and even back up, the people who've been through it so far are probably the people that need it the least in terms of how to the basic Bible study or the whatever, the ones who really probably need that. I've not been able to hit that market, and I'm not sure if it's because they don't I'm not solving a problem they have, they don't need, they don't know they have the problem, or they don't care. Yeah, if that makes any sense, absolutely it does.

Matthias Miller  18:53
I think when I it's not infrequent to, I mean, it's not, it's not infrequent to to face problems when you're when you're selling something that when you're trying to get get people either bought into something that they they really need. It's, it can often be, yeah, I don't know. I mean, there's, there's a reason why not to pick on the on the like health and fitness space, but there's a reason why there's certain things in that space that sell really well and make, uh, wild promises, even though, you know, at the end of the day, most people don't actually follow through with that. And I think, I think part of it is you're up against the challenge of, of who, of helping these people recognize that, that they actually have a need for this. I.

Matthias Miller  20:00
Yeah. So one of the things you could look at is there's different levels of awareness about a problem. If you have trying to, I mean, this is probably not a good example, but, but if you, if you have a headache, it can, it could come from any number of issues. It could be because you're dehydrated, it could be because of light sensitivity. It could be because of certain types of allergies or other or other types of things and and the deeper awareness that that people have about the problem that they face, the more the more specific you more specifically you can you can offer them something. If you have somebody who's just a kind of a newbie, like, what do we if you have somebody who's just a newbie, they're not thinking about a specific prescription, they're just thinking about the headache that they have right now. And so I wonder if you, if you kind of peel back the layers. Well, let me back this up. First, a question, do you think? Do you think the people that you're supposed to reach are the people are you supposed to be the guy who comes alongside these pastors and leaders and those types of things and just pours into them and helps them, helps them advance? Or are you supposed to be the guy who figures out a way to reach these people who they really need to start engaging, engaging here, but don't recognize their need,

Speaker 1  21:32
I would probably focus on the latter, honestly.

Matthias Miller  21:38
Alright, so I think, I think the next question is, is, if you had to, if we had to reverse engineer so, so let's paint a picture. So I'm going to say that these people, we can at least say these people identify as, as, as Christians. Is that right?

Speaker 1  21:57
Yeah, I would imagine. So, yeah. I mean, so far, yes, okay,

Matthias Miller  22:01
and, and if they but if they're so, where do you think they are in the journey? Have they? Have they grown up in the church? Have they just recently become believers? Have they

Speaker 1  22:18
got a mixture of of folks in the that have grown up in church, and some who are new to the faith.

Matthias Miller  22:28
If there were one, or if there were one of those groups of people moving forward that you thought you were, is there one of those groups of people that you that you think you you're more likely to that you should be serving more in the future?

Speaker 1  22:47
Absolutely. Um, as we were sitting here talking about it, um, the the thing that drove me to do the how to study the Bible course was from talking with new believers, new converts, or people who just are marginal believers and marginal church members who suddenly had this desire to to study more, but had no earthly idea what they were doing, that really is my target audience. Okay,

Matthias Miller  23:15
so, so then, so new believers are marginal believers who but, but there was something that kind of awakened in them that said, Hey, I mean, at least, at least from those conversations that you had, there's something that awakened in them that said, Hey, I gotta either i This doesn't make sense, or I gotta figure something out. Can you talk a little bit more about

Speaker 1  23:38
that? Right? As one of the things that I encountered as a pastor was just people asking me a lot, you know, what does this passage say? What is, what does this mean? What about this world event? And one of my practices was always, well, go see what you can find out. First, before we talk, you study and almost immediately, in tons of conversations, both in the church and just in life, would be like, Well, I'm not a pastor. I don't know how to I don't know how to dig into that. I don't, I don't know even know where to start. Or, how do you, how do you, I don't know Greek, which was always a neat one, you know, things like that. And and then I would usually follow that, well, I'm fresh out of not going to seminary either. And, you know? And so kind of coming from this layman's sense of it can be done, there are tools that can be learned. And then would walk them through it. And then that was kind of when we started piecing this together. Is what problem are you trying to solve? Was the person who wants to dig, who wants to study, who doesn't know how? Here's some tools so,

Matthias Miller  24:43
but if you had to pull back the layer one, one more, I think it's, it's, they may not even quite have their they may want to know, but they may not. They may not be at a place where they recognize that they even can study to find the answer.

Unknown Speaker  24:59
I. A good point.

Matthias Miller  25:10
So if you, if you put So, if we take, if we take somebody like that, new believer, Marshall believer, I think, like, if I had to tie it to world event like, like, I think, I think, I mean, I don't know if you've seen any of the videos making its rounds about the Coronavirus and the rapture and, like, even mark of the beast and like, all these other kinds of things. Like, like, there's a, I think there's, there's a potential question that a lot of that, well, I don't know about a lot that, that some new believers may be maybe asking one of the, one of the possible approaches you could take for this is having a series of like, let's say you have, well, there's another problem, which we'll get to, which is, which is, which is like, how do you find these people? That's a that's a completely separate, separate question. But where you you take these people and you say, we're going to do a Bible study about about the Coronavirus and and the End Times, and The Mark of the Beast, and, and what does, what does the Scripture? What do the Scriptures say about that? And that's, that's how you market it on the front end. But when it, when it actually comes down into it, it's a series of homework assignments centered around, you know, just walking, like literally walking them through. You may not even immediately teach the framework, but just just giving them the framework to walk through, how to find the answers. And once they've actually done that kind of at the end of the course, you you basically get to tell them that, hey, look, you guys have, like, you guys have done this. Here's, here's what you've done, and here's the framework that you use to do it. And now, now you're actually equipped to do this other places as well, right?

Unknown Speaker  27:03
I still like that,

Matthias Miller  27:07
because I think, I think many times, and I think maybe just from talking with you, I wonder if part of the part of the shift for you is being able to connect this to real life events and questions and challenges that they're facing. Yeah, I mean, I'm thinking, what are other things? I mean, I mean, there's other things, like, like, I've spent my whole life raising my kids wrong. So what do I do now? Right? Or my my spouse hates me and can't stand to live with me, and he or she wants a divorce, and I want to find a way to work the work things out. What, what do I do? Or, you know, I've got this addiction that, that, that, you know, you know, what do I do with that?

Speaker 1  28:02
Gotcha. Yeah, I think that's been, you know, the problem that I definitely believe, the problem that I've been been having, is, how do I tie the information that I have to something that they can feel, that it would help? Like Ian said, their culture doesn't lend itself to people even knowing where to begin. That is exactly right. And even since the Coronavirus and everyone's staying at home as the it audio visual. You know, Team Leader at our church, I'm watching people's videos. You notice, you get ideas of what everyone's doing with this, and almost every single video, there's a question about, oh, what do we do to help the guy at home that can't lead worship for his family that doesn't know how to Bible? And I'm thinking, I can help you with that. And, you know, and I don't I, I'm the last guy to want to leverage something like this for but really, and that's why it's, it's not even, I'm not even I'm soft, I'm soft selling, or that's not the word for but asking for a donation or whatever, say, Hey, you really need this. You're going to need to know how to study into this if you're going to lead your family for the next

Matthias Miller  29:11
six months. So here's something else that I would flip. This is something that we're seeing in this Facebook group. I think we should probably be charging for this Facebook group, because I think we're providing a lot of value. And I'm not saying that for my own good. I think a lot of people have a hard time placing value on things that they don't play, something they don't open, open their wallet for. And I think you could actually make the argument that that even as a ministry, that it would be more profitable to the people that you serve to require them to to pay something out of pocket for going through an experience like this, because it's going to increase their level of commitment to it.

Speaker 1  29:56
That makes sense. It's kind of like I had a guy say one time, you can you. You can't give away cats at Walmart, but you can sell them for $3 yeah, yeah, that actually makes a lot of sense. So

Matthias Miller  30:08
and I think if, if anything, I mean one of, one of the things I want to do, do for myself as much as I can and for other people as much as I can, is to rid people of, of the guilt of the exchange of of money, because that's that, I mean, not only does it, does it help the other person, but it also helps the next person, because you now have a sustainable model for for continuing to reach people,

Speaker 1  30:34
right? That's been a hard one, that's been a hard thing to overcome,

Matthias Miller  30:38
and it's, it's worse, because I think especially in the religious setting, I think sometimes it makes more sense why you might have paid memberships for other types of nonprofits, but in the Religious settings, it's kind of viewed negatively,

Unknown Speaker  30:58
right? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:02
So So one of the next question, well, let me start with that is, are there any kind of questions or anything with that so far, that that you think that we should be digging into and

Speaker 1  31:12
that all of that makes a lot of sense. I think, I think part of it, that I think that I'm pulled out of it so far is, I think the brush is a bit broad. It's not solving enough individual problems, defining the value and communicating the value is huge. And I've done, I have not done that well, I can just even looking back that have not done that. Well, that's that's extremely helpful.

Matthias Miller  31:45
I think one of the next questions is, where, where and how do you find these find these people. And one of the challenging things with i Yeah. Well, I mean, yeah, like, okay, so if you're, if you're doing a some kind of Bible study group for Christian realtors or something like that, or for pastors or something like that, that's an easy segment to identify, right? So, so one of the questions is, how do you how do you find and identify, you know, the, I mean, these people, and how do you narrow that? Because even across, let's say you go across the US, or even globally, any English speaking, we're going to limit it to English speaking. But if you do any English speaking individual who may be a candidate, that's a really, really broad brush right there. There's different ways that you can narrow it. You can narrow it geographically. You can narrow it but, but I guess,

Matthias Miller  33:00
well, and just kind of, kind of to keep going. There's, there's two ways to approach it. One is the most ideal, especially when you can get started, is doing super like, if you can be hyper targeted, where you could, you have a way to find them and you can reach out to them and actually have a conversation with them. That's a that's a really powerful way to to get started, and it's possible that use so here's another question, and I honestly don't know The answer to this. How do most pastors feel about kind of new, newer young believers in these questions, What do you mean? Like, like, I guess one of the places where my mind is going is, is, is this the kind of thing where I think some pastors, some, some pastors are going to be like, I'm happy to spend spend time answering these types of questions. After about, you know, a few dozen of these, maybe, or I don't know what point it starts to get worrisome, they're like, Well, I wonder if there's a better way to actually help them handle this. So So taking a look at how, how can you best identify or find these or reach out to these, one potential option would be, would be partnering with building, building out a network of pastors, and building relationships with them and and just you know, even as a way to to get started, offering to, you know, offering to to help, offering offering support for them, for for some of the new believers that they're working with, that's one potential path, yeah, you know better than me, how. Receptive or or how effective that would be.

Speaker 1  35:02
You know, that's it's interesting that, as I was saying earlier, I I, apparently I'm a weird duck. And as a pastor, I was always very, very open and thankful for help. And I was always been bi vocational, so I was always working full time, pastoring full time, and just needed help. But I've found lots of resistance to that. Honestly, people don't like you in their sandbox, and I'm not sure exactly what I mean. I have ideas where some of that comes from. In the East Texas culture where I'm at is very territorial, and so there's some of that. I was really surprised by that, to be honest, and I think that was a big roadblock I didn't see coming. Yeah, alright,

Matthias Miller  35:53
so, so in, in some ways, I mean, it's, it sounds kind of weird to say this again, this isn't, but this is, this is kind of, kind of reality. In some ways, the church itself is almost, almost in competition to what you want

Speaker 1  36:08
to do. Oh, I've definitely found that to be the case. It's one of the things that bothers me. But I have found that in the organized church to be definitely the case, very market driven, and it's been hard to break through that

Matthias Miller  36:24
so, so we'll keep pushing the edge. I'm not saying this is a good idea. I'm just throwing ideas out there, but, but part of the frustration and concern for these, for these individuals then, are basically, look, I've got these questions about these, about these issues, current events, those types of things. My church isn't giving me the answers. Where can I find these answers? Yeah. And so how do you phrase that in a way that doesn't tear down? Because I know your intent is very collaborative, and it's not your intent to tear tear people down, but it's also, there's there also is a need to help, help these people with that.

Speaker 1  37:05
That's a good question. I don't know how to, how to, how to frayed that, but I like the direction. Okay,

Speaker 1  37:26
well, you know, it's kind of like I had a conversation this morning on the whole digital church thing that has swept the nation. And the prevailing model is to just package what you do in the corporate setting and pipe it out and continue to feed the birdies in the nest. And I spoke with an elder this morning, and my my phrase to him was my my statement him was we're if we miss the opportunity to teach the birds to feed themselves when they have to feed themselves, we've missed it, and that's kind of my whole reason for being and how to communicate and tap into that is where I struggle.

Matthias Miller  38:07
Alright, so here's, here's another thing. So, so, I mean, we can, we can continue going down this, this trail a little bit. I still want to get back to how you reach these people. But, but what's the problems? What are the things that evidence that show up for somebody when they don't know how to feed themselves? And I mean, I can, I can show, I mean, there's a couple of things that are clear. One is, one is, there's almost a crisis mode that they go into when something goes sideways in their life, and whoever their support person is happens not to be available for them, right? And there's kind of this up and down cycle that that they go through because of it, right? So that's that's yet another layer deeper.

Speaker 1  38:50
Yeah, I like that. That's very good. And

Matthias Miller  38:53
in fact, if you want to tie that to the current, current phase, it's kind of like, look, I have a small group leader, an elder, a pastor who like, I'm going through a hard time and they're not available for me. What do I do? Right?

Speaker 1  39:09
Yeah, I like that. You said

Matthias Miller  39:15
you're already doing some Facebook ads. Is that right? No, I'm not done any ads, just Facebook content. Yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  39:30
I'm not opposed to it. I just haven't,

Matthias Miller  39:31
yeah, no, I'm not one. And not saying that you should. I'm not even sure that it's the best, it's the best approach to to get it started with. I um,

Matthias Miller  39:50
so here's, here's, let me at least give you this. Here's, here's one of the trade offs between between kind of content marketing and and ads is that ads will. Give you feedback very quickly on what people respond to or not. It doesn't always, I mean, you want to make sure that the right people are responding to it, but it can be a good way of getting content out there, video, just raw video, continues to be a good way to do that. I think I mentioned yesterday that that social media costs are way down. So one of the things that you can do is put out content around some of these challenges and issues that you've talked about, which is kind of like, like, here is a and you could do this as video, you could do this as blog posts with, you know, setting up a Facebook pixel on on your on your blog as well, which you should do if you haven't yet. But like addressing one of the one of the basic challenges, and giving them a partial answer, and then inviting them into something, something closer into I uh, getting something that's, that's, you know, closer into your kind of, kind of, closer to your your circle, where you can take them through one of these courses, Bradley asked the question, is this designed to be a nonprofit running off donations, or the courses Designed to be paid for by the end user, is the problem we're trying to solve getting more users. So Bradley, if I were to answer that, and then Matt, feel free to chime in. I think, I think, I think there's a possibility. I mean, I think, Matt, you're very open to having this be, be donor supported, for sure. Yes, and and and if people engage better with it because they're paying some money for the course, then you're also open to that as well, exactly. But at any rate, I think one of the challenges Bradley is, is this is a how do you what's the best way, especially for a small nonprofit, to to find, find and start engaging, kind of their their target, target, people, people are trying to reach, which is basically, Which is basically new, new, new and, or marginal believers and, and kind of, some of the things that we've identified is, is maybe dissatisfaction with the answers that they're getting from the church, feeling distance from the church and, and kind of the going through ups and downs of life because they don't have somebody to bounce things off of, and then specific questions about world events or relationships or other things, other things like that. So Bradley, if you've got thoughts, I would absolutely love to hear more, more thoughts on that,

Matthias Miller  42:56
because I'm really not sure how to do that. I don't have any kind of, I wish I had some kind of I wish I had some kind of brilliant idea. I don't really have any brilliant ideas off the top of my head of how to do that without kind of casting a broad net and getting people to raise their hands in some way, right, to say that they're interested in that,

Unknown Speaker  43:13
right? And I don't either. And that's kind of been our

Speaker 1  43:21
approach at this point in time was, you know, building an audience through content, through the blog, which was difficult to keep up. I mean, the the content that brought engagement is really difficult to keep up. I feel for the bloggers who are doing it for their living, or a lot. I mean, it was just, it was just hard, and it is hard, and we and I still do. I've that's trailed off, so I'm just the contents not there. And so that's where some of the shift had gone to, was seeing needs within my own community and plugging people in. And we do have a few small donors in the area, people that I know, relational type things that just have I've helped. We've got a ministry in Dallas that's a regular supporter. It's not a lot, but it covers a little bit and and those are the kind of things that and we, in turn, help them any way we can. I mean, they were one of the recipients of our Bible giveaway, and so we are helping him partner each other, and it's a ministry that rescues girls from the trafficking industry, but they're going to be using some of our material to disciple the men in the group that are actually the guys going into the other countries and undercover and those sorts of things that are not believers and so those are the kind of partnerships that really get me excited.

Unknown Speaker  44:52
But I don't know how to pay the bills with that either. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  44:55
yeah. For sure. For sure. I. I mean, so, I mean, there's different, there's there are different kind of creative opportunities that that we've seen. I think, I think one of the things that you can look at is, was it so here's one of, one of my foundational perspectives, which, once again, I consider doing more of the webinar on this. And I can't this, and I can't, certainly can't do it justice here, but I think, I think one of the foundational, foundational cornerstones of success is creating alignment. And so it, one of the things we're looking to do here is, who are the people that that you're supposed to be serving, and how do you create alignment between between where they're at. And how do we kind of build a bridge between what you have to offer and where they're at and make that as seamless as possible? There's much the same way, same kind of approach that you can look in terms of donors, if you would be doing more print publications, and especially, you know, depending how local I local it would be, it could be an interesting opportunity to find somebody who, who does printing, who has a heart for what you're doing. And, you know, maybe your booklets have some some branding on it for the for them, or something like that. You're doing it virtually, and so and so, I think one of the, one of the questions too with that is, are there, are there people who are serving the same audience who care about that and and there's a way that you can make it beneficial to their business to do that, and it requires kind of out of the box thinking. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  46:48
that's a good question.

Matthias Miller  46:53
And, you know, a lot of that depends on how much, how much are you able to go local, how much are you are you able to or how much are you wanting to go national? Or it could be, are there certain, certain metropolitan areas that you want to, that you want to pick up, pick off and focus on, right?

Unknown Speaker  47:10
Good question.

Matthias Miller  47:18
Yeah. A

Unknown Speaker  47:20
really good question.

Matthias Miller  47:25
Say, if you focused on, I mean, if you started with, say, Dallas, just because it's something that's close to you guys, and you already have some, some partnerships there, like, like, are there, are there business people that you could find in that area who would be willing to, and I don't know what kind of budget you're looking to, you're looking to raise for this, but is there a way that you can give them instead of just doing a straight up, you know, donation? Is there? Is there a way that you can help them allocate their marketing budget or something like that to what you're doing. So it has. It not only has better, again, not a tax advisor, but better, better tax tax advantage for them, as well as actually helps them grow their business at the same time. So so they're what you're doing, it ends up helping them, but then then you also get the benefit from it as well.

Unknown Speaker  48:26
That's good, yeah, it's a good it's a good thought. My daughter's an accountant, I'll ask her,

Matthias Miller  48:33
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  48:39
Good question. I uh, well, I think I've proven that the broad, the broad net approach, is just difficult, the partnerships, and there's a there's a men's, uh, it's not a men's, it's a, oh, what do they call it? It's not even a retreat. But there's a group, an organization, that that I've been plugged into for a few months, and I think there's a ton of opportunity there, and we've given away some materials, kind of a get open the door kind of thing. But I found some interest in partnership, and that's, it's multinational, actually. And so I could see that growing. I'm beginning to see that the partnerships with other ministries and other businesses are really where we've seen key growth. Even for us, key growth is five or 10, you know, but that's where it's coming from, yeah?

Matthias Miller  49:39
And so so. And that's, that's great. That's another great question, which is, what, where are the ministries who maybe aren't, maybe are working with these people, but their focus isn't specifically on discipleship, right? So they already have them either as a I mean, I'm thinking, if you start going down that route. Up. You could start looking at halfway houses. You could start looking at, we even, even, you know, you might have to shift your your virtual thing. But even prison ministries, type prison ministry types of things, which, which, a lot of those probably already have built out their own curriculums already. But it's

Speaker 1  50:18
interesting, we just recently partnered in the Bible giveaway this this year, we partnered with a prison ministry in Tennessee who has very little resource. And so we're, we're working with him, but he has, he doesn't have any money, hardly at all. I mean, he's barely alive and and that's what I found, it's, it's the people doing the grunt work in this particular field. No one has any money, and it's finding people that are interested in helping those, those folks do what they do, because the churches have been hesitant to help, because they've got their own fish to fry, especially now, yeah.

Matthias Miller  51:07
So if you, if you put yourself in the seat of a donor looking at some of these issues, I think some of the hesitancy is it can be really easy for somebody who is well, so let's back up the people who are in the trenches doing the work. These are these? Are people who are really skilled in discipleship and building relationships with these people walking alongside. They're highly compassionate, probably highly agreeable. Types of individuals, probably not highly analytical, probably highly, you know, kind of high empathy, types of people, the people you've got on the other other end of the table are people who are probably who are equally good hearted, but who look at the world through, through, through numbers, through what works and what doesn't work. Right? I think the challenge for a lot of donors and actually kind of buying into these things is this looks like a fly by night operation. And how do I know? Instead of seeing the resourcefulness, it's easy to see it as as irresponsibility, which, which it might be, but, but there's a lot of resourcefulness and and things like that that are going into it as well,

Unknown Speaker  52:19
right? I see that.

Matthias Miller  52:22
And I mean, this is shifting. What you're doing very dramatically, but you could become a bridge builder between those two groups of people. What do you mean? So, I mean this, this group in Tennessee, one of the big barriers so, so your end game is, is, is getting this, this course out there, one of the big barriers to that is simply the fact that they don't have any resources for it, and so and so you become an advocate for them, to to businesses, or business owners or or just, you know, well, to do individuals, to to give them whatever assurance that they need, that the money that they're spending gets, gets used well, so basically, what you're doing is, is you're using, you're building credibility with, with those people. And I don't know exactly what this looks like. Whether it's, it's a series of, it's a series of reporting. Whether it's, it's, I, you know, I don't, I don't even really know for sure.

Matthias Miller  53:39
Like, maybe, maybe it's as simple as, as putting together a giving program where every $10 puts a guy through, and I don't know what the right price is, so you know, whatever, whatever's right. But every, every 10, $10 puts puts a guy through a four week course, that that puts them, you know, that helps them get these, these study skills, and you get half of that for the course development, and the the organization you're partnering with gets half of That for for their operations and and so when, and yeah, I don't know what the exact figures would be, that that may be too, too low for what you're Yeah, I don't, I don't even know. But essentially, rather than anytime, you're doing giving and fundraising, it's easier to bundle operations into a bigger deliverable, rather than trying to get people to to fund operations. I mean, it's, it's one thing to say that I'm trying to raise money for, you know, to cover this guy's heat. Bill because he's he's living on almost nothing because he's giving so much of his time to what he's doing here. It's another thing to say that that for X, X number of dollars, for X number of dollars, we can, we can reach this, this person, and knowing that that out of that this, this guy's living expenses are at least being offset. Bradley says maybe, like a Compassion International does for sponsor, a child sponsor, sponsor seeker, and somehow connect them with the results as the student moves through the courses, encouraging them to commit financially, but also be able to write notes, etc. Very direct one to one approach that provides an emotional connection, and then percent, a percentage, can go towards the ministers, administrative costs, etc.

Speaker 1  55:50
That makes sense. It's interesting because the, this is the second year we've done the we call it the March Madness Bible giveaway. And I'm not good at earning money. I'm much better at giving it away. And we've had lots of I mean, last year we set a goal for 100 and 100 Bibles. We had 250 get donated $5 a pop. This year, we were going great guns until the COVID lockdown, and it just kind of sucks the life out of the program, but we were going pretty well. Had lots of I've gotten tons of traffic out of that. But it's they're giving to get just what you're talking about. They're giving to put something in the hands of somebody else, not into me, and building in zero administrative costs into that meant that it was a great, great plan. It just didn't help us any, yeah, in terms of our operations, yeah,

Matthias Miller  56:43
and, and again, I'm not, I am not the expert on on kind of ethical giving guidelines or but, but so simply saying this as a perspective of a donor, I you know you when I think of we've actually sponsored multiple showdown to through compassion, and they've kind of come and went, there's One that we've done for an extended period of time. Extended period of time. I know that when I write out that check for $38 a month, that that there's a portion of it that goes into administrative overhead, but that's that's really not the top of mind for me, right? And I don't really think, I don't really think it's deceitful to do that, because that literally is the cost of, I mean, there is cost involved in getting these out there. So one of the interesting things about games is that games have a clear target, clear and a clear way of keeping score. And I think, you know, you could probably flip this to $10 and let's say, and say, How many, how many offenders can we get these? Can we get these courses into their hands? Or how many, you know, I don't know what fill in the blank, right? And, and then you build your buzz around. Kind of build your buzz around that. That's

Unknown Speaker  57:59
a good idea. I like that,

Matthias Miller  58:04
and it makes the the other big thing is, as an organization, I think this is hard, but you want to be as transparent as possible. So if you want to get really meta here, one of the things that I'm trying to do in this conversation is to get as trans and as transparent as possible between you and really what you're trying to accomplish, so that you're not really focused, focused on me and what I'm, you know, what I'm, what I'm doing right here in this moment. And I think the same way that's the same thing you want to do for your donors, is that, at the end of the day, donors, donors want to change people's lives. You just happen to be a vehicle to do that. But they they want to know that they actually did, did something

Speaker 1  58:45
that makes sense, that resonates with why we've had so much good, positive traction on the Bible thing. They're doing something tangible to help somebody. Yes, that makes sense. They can't see that in the other side of things. Yes, okay, that's helpful. Yep, that's really helpful. Actually, people are way more likely to sponsor somebody else to do what they actually probably need themselves.

Matthias Miller  59:11
Very, very true, very true. Alright. Bradley also says, I noticed everything on the website is available for download with no gate, ie not asking for an email address. I think having a gate would at least build a contact database and offer paid services post the free download. So that would be something that you, you could consider,

Speaker 1  59:31
yeah, I actually, that's actually a bug, because it was supposed to, they're supposed to be getting an email address. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  59:40
All right. Well, ironic that we've got a guy doing QA on your website, right, right, yeah, and even giving people, and I don't know if this is an option to get your blog articles, but that's a great way to get people to sign up, just so that they find out about it. Something to consider. Just so. So here's a question for you. You're, you're, you've been a pastor for a while. Do you have a preference between written and verbal communication?

Speaker 1  1:00:10
I like both. Okay, I like blend. I don't know the guys that liked a little bit of both. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:00:14
so, so one of the things that I encourage people to do is find the means of communication that works the best for them. So I I am very much in the in the moment, type of person, which means that when I write, I write as if I were in the moment, as if somebody were sitting across across from me and I were having that conversation with them. That's

Speaker 1  1:00:35
just my writing style. My writing style is exactly the same perfect so,

Matthias Miller  1:00:38
so we're much the same way, videos, very much the same way. One of the things that's been really helpful for me is creating kind of a framework for here is the alright? So, so take, take some of these core issues. So, so kind of at the core of the tree, you have Think of it kind of as a as a center point, and then it's like the trunk, and then you have branches going out. The branches are things like current event, relationships, all of those types of things. So as you're looking at content, you can do a video, or you could do a written form based on whichever one that you prefer. And then you go into one of those, so let's say relationships, and then pick apart one of the relational aspects that you want to pick up. Want to pick apart. It could be something with the boss. It could be something with a spouse, a child, you know, whatever that is, and and if you want to take it one step further, there's, there's places online where you can get, I mean, this is just throwing out ideas, but you can get like emotional, like emotion, try it whatever, like, like, wheels or something, and pick out an emotion, and marry those two together and do a teaching on or like, have some kind of blog post on that, or something like that. And if you, if you do that, or find other ways of, kind of further subdividing the tree, but if you continue doing that, you you have this. So basically, you keep revolving around the same well, like, here's another example, current event, current events, the virus. And then there's emotions, with that, fear, anxiety, piece, whatever, like, like, you can write from any of those angles, right? What does love look like from that, from the aspect, but then then you're centered at the center of the tree still is this new, new slash marginal believer and the challenges that they face, and that's, that's the that's the theme that is embedded in everything. So all of your content ends up targeted towards those people, and it allows you to channel your creativity. The problem with being creative is that creativity can sometimes take you off course, and I don't know you can handle losing people like that. So

Unknown Speaker  1:02:53
that makes sense,

Matthias Miller  1:02:57
good. Um, anything, anything anything else that you think we should be talking

Speaker 1  1:03:04
about here? I mean, you know, I've even, I've even been in the last, oh, several months, you know, I've been wondering, is this even worth the time? Is it worth the effort? And I'm sure everybody goes through that at different phases of their organization on things like this. And just about the time I'm ready to say I don't know that it's worth it, somebody will chime in and be like, so thankful for whatever you're doing. And it just seems it's worth it. And so I just know the focusing, the breaking down, this has just been really helpful. I'm trying to think of anything else, and I can't my, like you said, my creative juices are kind of starting to flow. A little bit about reining in and becoming more targeted. I think that's the biggest, biggest takeaway so far for me, is just finding, finding my tribe and and speaking to their to their troubles.

Matthias Miller  1:04:00
Yeah, something else that I don't want to just load more stuff on you, something else that could be really helpful for you, both on a personal level, but also just to kind of help advance, advance, what you're doing is as much as you can getting, getting people either on video or preferably, I think, in video, but but even in writing, saying how the courses impacted them, or what it meant to them, right? And it provides proof to yourself, but it also, it's also just going to help continue building credibility for what you're doing with with other people as well. That makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:37
Makes sense? Cool. Good stuff. Yeah, I appreciate it.

Matthias Miller  1:04:44
Awesome. Well, thank you, Matt for for going along for the ride. Thank you for all of you guys who chimed in and came along, and I didn't do as good of a job as I should have, keeping my eye on the the Facebook, but I. Uh, yeah. So one comment from Frank, I wanted to highlight here that I think referring to church culture doesn't, doesn't lend itself to people even knowing where to begin. So there's definitely kind of a cultural, cultural shift that needs to happen. So good. Thanks, Matt, and thanks to all of you guys.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:21
All right, thank you. Yep, you're welcome. Bye, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai