Matthias Miller  00:01
Hey, good morning. Good morning. Guys. Matthias here, so Alicia asked me to go live with some of the reflections and thoughts insights, everything that was going on last night on the call with Pedro. And when I was on the call, it was like this. My mind just started to open up with ideas and all of these things that really started to to kind of hop up, I don't know, just open up, open up for me. And so one of the things, there were a couple of things that happened. One is, one is, I realized that I need to narrow my niche more specifically to a specific revenue target. Hey, good morning, Deanna and and so that as soon as you, as soon as I did that, the problems, the problems that I'm solving, absolutely change. But then the other, the other major thing was I started making a connection. For some reason I've never been able to build a bridge between Okay, so here's the here's the target market that I'm after, and here's the software, and what's the bridge between the two? And I started seeing different ways, even just since then, like different ways to to build that connection and different pain points that they're facing, and how to how to structure this in a way that speaks to their big concern and their big need. And there's other things that started happening too, is that realize that, you know, originally, I was kind of exploring the possibility of maybe doing like a course, or something like that. And there's, there's a way that that course could be part of the, it could be part of the it could be a challenge, or it could be a bonus. But in addition to that, actually thinking of simple ways to integrate kind of software bonuses as well, where one of the trainings I did for the 997 challenge was a finding your superpower and and kind of going into the core of of where do people do? Well, based on personality condition, like all these other different things, cognitive skills, different things like that. And so this could actually be a way to build a very simple job role match. So here's the job, here's here's what needs to be done, or here's the type of person that we do well at it, and then, and then, here are different people that I'm considering for that. And this could be used, not necessarily even for hiring, but even just for internal reorganization and like trying to try to help make sure that people are in the right seat of the bus. And that's just one example. I mean, there's another one where this is kind of a crazy favor story, but have been able to work with, have an agreement with Richard Koch, who's the author of the 8020 principle on a tool called the gravity of competition, which is basically helping you find, I guess, blue find your blue ocean might be another way to say it, but, but kind of finding, finding some a way to measure differentiators between you and you and other people, and that's a tool that we could integrate as an add on or a bonus. It's all of a sudden, I'm seeing how all of these pieces can tie together. And there's still a lot more work that I have to do to kind of sort this out, sort this out. And I woke up early this morning to to spend more time focusing on that. But that, that kind of that moment of clarity of what felt like I had two competing, competing things, when I and I guess one of the reasons why I kept going back and forth between the two was actually because the two were supposed to be together, and so now I get to, now I get to actually find create the bridge between the two, and yeah, and actually have the back end offer already built, So that all we have to do is is start leading people to that through challenges or whatever, that makes everything so much easier. So thanks Pedro for the help. Um, it's been super beneficial to be to be in this group, and can't wait for the for the few weeks to come. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai