Matthias Miller  00:09
There we go. All right, so here is the plan for today, actually, first of all, just kind of a welcome. Just wanted to give a quick recap, kind of where we've been the first day looking at, kind of the whole concept of proactivity and and everything that's, I guess, all of that as subscribing, helping to create focus, some of those types of things. And then the and then yesterday, we were looking at specifically processes automation, how to structure your inbox and and some of those pieces. Today, what we're going to be looking at is going to be how to your kind of your daily ritual that you need going through your inbox. And before we go into that, just kind of want to briefly recap again, talk about the prices. So if you show up do the trainings, or watch the replays and do the homework assignments, you are get to enter a prize for free, Colby index and a COVID interpretation or breakdown with me, and that is that will be, that will be delivered, be announced before then, but it'll be delivered in the middle of July. And yesterday was my first day of Colby certification, which is the reason why I did not get the not get the recap email sent out. Did I get you guys the handout? So I apologize for that, but the end of, end of today, we're gonna have a recap email and and a bunch of notes and highlights that the team go through. So today is, once again, today is the daily process, and your kind of your daily inbox virtual so I am going to turn that over to Tim.

Matthias Miller  02:07
All right, thank you, Matthias. And like you said, today is focus on the process or procedure that we use to manage Matthias email, and we'd like to start out our time today with a short demonstration of what an email review call looks like. So on a on a given day, I log on to Matthias email and review, triage his emails and sort through them, sort out different ones that seem to be helpful or necessary for him to review, etc, and then I get on a call with him, and usually I'm sitting at my desk at my computer with his inbox in front of me. Actually, always I am, and usually he's out on a walk somewhere or or driving or doing whatever he normally does over our calls it. He's not changed his desk, not changed his computer over that time. So I'm just going to do a a an exam. We're going to do a demonstration of that, and I'm going to share my screen here, so you all can see what I'm doing here. And Matthias, if you could give me access to that again, please. We're going to jump into that I'm

Matthias Miller  03:48
all right, so you should be able to see the inbox view again, and we'll jump into this. So today, I call it Matthias. And so hi there, Matthias. Hey, hi there. How you doing today? I'm doing awesome. How are you doing? Doing pretty well. Let's jump into and jump into the emails here, go here to our call folder. All right. First off is a subscription email here from Michael Hyatt and company. That's something that you want to keep getting. No you can unsubscribe from that one. All right, very good. All right next, just an FYI for your calendar. Everyone has accepted the software planning meeting for next Thursday at nine. Awesome FYI on that next from your business coach, an email about. June coaching call, checking to see what it works for. For your call here in June, so they have availability the afternoons of June, 23 25th or 30th. Reference, I'll be out of the office the 23rd and the 25th and which? Let's see which days are that? Are those that would be? That'd be the Tuesday 25th or Thursday 20 I mean, sorry, Tuesday, 23rd and Thursday, the 25th so Tuesday, I've got more certification training, so why don't you go and schedule that for the 25th 25th All right, and a certain time, yeah, do do it late in the day, like, say, three or 330 okay, if that works for me. All right.

Matthias Miller  06:08
25th at three or 330 so that works for you, all right, and I'll send that off, and I'll go ahead and add that to your calendar after our call here. All right, next, I just forwarded over to you an email about the design approval has a link and an attachment for you to look at, so just why I forward that over to you. And last year we have a testimonial from the dream team challenge that you did the other week. Said, just wanted to say thank you for what you shared at the Dream Team Challenge the other week, shared a lot of really good thoughts, and was super helpful to hear all that. Had some time to process and think about what it looks like for me and my organization. I think will make a huge difference for us as we try to find the right fit for each role in person. Thanks again. Cool. Yeah. Why don't you just, why don't you just add that to our testimonials document, and then so we've got it for reference for the next time that we run it. Okay, sounds good. And yeah, you can also send some kind of acknowledgement back to them. Okay, great. Sounds good. I

Matthias Miller  07:58
All right, Sam, thanks so much for sharing that. It was good having you on the challenge, perfect, okay, and then I will add that to the doc and have that for reference. Okay, that is it for now. Cool, awesome. We will talk again tomorrow. Cool. Appreciate it. Yep, yep, good bye. All right, so that was just a quick example of what it looks like on a on a regular basis. Get on the call, work through things and going forward. Now, I would like to kind of break down some of the things that we were we were doing there, and show some of the the back story for for how I get ready and prepare for the call, and then also how I follow up after, after our review calls. So there are three main stages that I that I have here for for managing Matthias inbox, I would call the first stage triage, or there'll be the preparation stage. The second stage would be our review call when we actually get on the phone, like you just saw there. And then the third stage would be follow up. And there's not always much due for follow up. Some days there's not really anything, but that would be the third stage. And I'll say a note too here, if you are, if you are a leader without an assistant, or someone working without an assistant, this still can be really helpful for you, and it's if you would follow the procedures, kind of those three stages. I see that as being helpful for myself too, in managing my own work inbox, following the three stages there of a triage or sorting through the emails that have come in. But. Second stage of actually reviewing and processing those emails and doing something and responding, and a third stage of follow up. So if you don't have assistance, you can think about about how these would still apply to you, how you could could adjust them to fit your own, your own needs and situation. And and in the handout notes, a plan to have have some tips for for doing this on your own, rather than with an assistant. So part one, this triage stage, or preparation stage triage is defined as as the assigning of priority order to projects, or obviously, in a hospital or medical situation, assigning the the priority of different patients that come in or the their needs and situation. So I find that word helpful in thinking about about reviewing the emails that come into Matthias inbox, I normally aim to open his inbox 10 to 15 minutes before our call is scheduled. And we do have a scheduled call time each day that we do the email review. It's helpful to have that consistency. We both know that at this time I'm calling him up to go over our emails. So I usually log on, like I said, 10 to 15 minutes ahead of that, so I have time to review the emails that have come in since our last call, clear out old emails, clear out the unnecessary emails, and and make a plan for for our email review call, I've learned to expect larger volumes of emails on different days. So if we skip the day, or if it's a Monday and we've had the weekend for emails to accumulate, I've learned to anticipate that. Don't always do the best of that, but that's something that that you can learn to to anticipate, or when, when are certain days that you can expect to have more emails. And as an assistant to prepare yourself for that. Allow extra time to to get ready if you're filter, if you're filtering, managing your own emails, maybe to budget more time for for a day like that, plan more time into your day to manage your email. There are also seemingly random days when there's an extra volume of email, and you just kind of have to roll with the punches on that. When I open his email, when he opened his inbox, I have that, that structure on the left side. I'm going to open this up again. I have this structure on the left side, like we talked about yesterday. Like I said, the call with Matthias folder is the the folder label that I work out of most a lot of emails come into that there, of course, are emails that come into the main inbox that I that I need to go through, and sometimes there are emails and other sub folders or other folders that I need to to review as well. But I start out in the call with Matthias folder, and the the sub folders here. And the reason I start here is that I review these emails and then I move to the others. If I would move to the others first and review those, I'm going to be adding emails to this folder as I go along, from other from other folders. So if I review other folders first, I'm going to end up reviewing those emails twice, or seeing those emails twice. So if I start here, I review these emails and go to other folders, and if they're emails that need to go into this one, I know that I've already taken care of of that whole folder, and don't need to go into that again until until it's time to talk to Matthias or follow up on something. So start out in in the call with Matthias folder and sub folders, I normally start at the bottom of the list, like Matthias was saying, emails, of course, are in your inbox are just normally lined up in order they came in. So I go to the oldest first and work my way up the list. And it just it helps me to go through in that order. If, if I click on an email or see an email that I know is something that can be discarded or ignored. I can just click on on archive, or I can click on the little remove label icon right here, and it's archived. It's still there for me to find. Matthias to find at some point, if you want it, but it's out of sight and we don't need it for now, if it's something that that I know Matthias would want to respond to, but he doesn't need to, doesn't need to see it, then I can just respond. And I've learned some responses that he he likes to descend for different people. He likes to make sure he. Respond to so I can just send a quick thank you and then get rid of it, or save it and mention it to him later, if it's something that I know he doesn't want or that he's not going to want in the future, I can set up a filter to not get that into the call folder anymore. I can, I can get it to set up a filter to skip the inbox, to archive it, and don't have to worry about it in the future. If there's an email that I know that needs to be forwarded to Matthias, you saw I mentioned that, that I forwarded an email to him in our call, I usually just go ahead and forward that to his private email address, and then I usually leave it in this in this folder, and leave it marked red so that I know that I've already seen it and and I've already done something about it. I just leave it there and let him know so that he knows to look for it in his in his private inbox. And then I can just get rid of it, archive it after I mentioned it, if, if it was my next one here, if there's something I know that needs to be moved to another label, for example, if there's a receipt that came into into the call with Matthias folder, but I know it needs to go into the receipt folder down here, I can go ahead and move it, drag it down there. If I know that it needs to go in there. If it's an email that needs to to hear from Matthias, to hear it, or I need to to read it to him, which is a lot of a lot of emails, I'll just leave it in here and I leave it marked unread. Click that little button there, leave it marked unread. So I know that it's something that I need to to read to him or summarize. I don't always read the whole email. Sometimes I'll just summarize it, if that, if that is sufficient. And if there's something in one of these sub folders, maybe an invite or a response to Google, invite, calendar invite, I can go there, and then, if it's something there that that needs to be moved to a call folder. Sometimes it's nice to have all the emails in that one folder to to process at once, so I can go ahead and move emails to the call with Matthias folder. So just going through triaging these emails, getting rid of the ones we don't need, forwarding ones that that need his direct response, and taking different actions with with others. After I've gone through the column compias folder and sub folders, then I go to the main Inbox folder, versus empty right now, but I'll go through there and do the same thing, the same process of starting at the bottom, working my way up, and triaging those emails and sending them where they need to go. And if it's like I said earlier, if it's something that Matthias, they need to go to college, Matthias folder, I'll move it over there and have it there for our call a few minutes later,

Matthias Miller  17:56
I occasionally will check the spam folder. Scroll down here, click on more and click on the spam folder, and just see if there's anything in there. Every now and then there'll be something in there that's not supposed to be in there, not something I check every day once a week or so, should be sufficient. And if there's something that needs Matthias input, of course, I can put it in the called Matthias folder. If everything in there is junk, then I can just delete them forever. There's this handy little box here to select all and then I can delete them all at once. So once I'm done with with triage, if, if I have some extra time, I can go work on something else for a little bit. If it's taking me up to our call time, I go ahead and call up Matthias and we have a conversation very much like, what you what you saw and heard just a few minutes ago. I call him up at our scheduled time, and, and I'm the one that that initiates the call and, and it keeps the call rolling. He doesn't he shouldn't have to worry about keeping us on track. Shouldn't have to worry about keeping me going. And we go through the through the emails again. When I'm reviewing with him, like you saw on our call, I start at the bottom and work my way up normally, one time, sometimes, I'll, I'll, I'll change from that. If there are a couple of emails that are related to each other, if there's an email that's certain high priority, or if, if there's some reason to to diverge from the from that order, but normally, I start the bottom, work my way up. And there are a few different examples. Then once I once I share the email to him, either reading or summarizing it. Sometimes he want me to respond, like you saw there, he'll dictate a response two ways. He usually does that. Either sometimes he'll just give me a general idea of what he wants me to respond and I'll type it out. Sometimes he'll also dictate word for word. Heard what he what he wants me to say after everybody does that, if it's something a little bit longer, a little more complicated, I'll usually read back to him what, what I want, what I wrote, and make sure it's what he wants. If, if it's something short and simple, then I'll just send it off. If I'm sure I've I've got what he what he wants there. There are times that he wants to to reply later, or something like that, and I'll forward it over to him, or just save it for him to for us to reply later. And as I said earlier, there are some emails where I know how he wants to respond, and I can just send a quick response and tell him what i've what I sent, other emails he wants to follow up on personally, so I'll forward them over to him. One thing with that will be stuff that are some examples of that the emails that that he only He can follow up on, or things that he has the knowledge to to follow up on, or things that he needs to see. Sometimes it'll be a private or personal message from somebody, and I'll afford that over for him to read rather than than reading it myself. Sometimes, he says, you can just disregard that. So I'll click archive. Sometimes set up a filter to skip it so we don't see it anymore. And sometimes he'll tell me to to unsubscribe from something like you saw from the subscription email in our call here. That was just an example that might actually have been a valuable subscription to be part of, but that was just an example here that we had set up. It is satisfying. This, this unsubscribe thing can be satisfying. Can be a fun one. It's nice to hit that unsubscribe button and know that that's one less subscription that's going to be coming in and cluttering up the inbox. And it's also amusing at times the to see the messages that that they give you when, when you're trying to subscribe, they sometimes really don't want to let you go. That can be it can be amusing at times, but it's nice to know that we're reducing the clutter in the email, reducing that extra noise. One more action or follow up that he'll have me do is, is do some sort of of other action outside of his of his inbox. Here be something like scheduling it on his calendar, something like sending another email, something like adding something to project notes or a document or to his task manager to his list of tasks. So those will be other follow up or or actions that he wants me to do. If it's something's going to take more than 30 seconds, I usually make a note and and do it after our call, so I'm not taking up more of his time. That way we can make make this as productive as possible for him. One way I do that is what you saw me do here on our call, where I'll actually just hit forward and respond to the email. I'll click forward and just add notes here in the in the draft, and then it's there briefly while I while we finish up the call, when I get off the call, then I can quickly add this testimonial to the document, where we collect the testimonials for the for the Dream Team Challenge. And then once I'm done with that, I can just hit discard draft and remove the label to archive it, and we're done. Sometimes I'll make notes on piece of paper or in my own task manager, especially if it's something that's going to take a little bit longer to follow up on. And sometimes during our call, he'll think of a of some random, some random task or email that he wants to send, and He'll interrupt me in the middle of of something, and I'll put that on pause and follow up on what he wants there. And then, then it's my job to to bring us back to the back to the emails when we're once, we've once, we've resolved our our plan of action for for that. And then it actually just happened earlier this week, I think, where, where I pulled it back on him. And middle of, middle of something, I thought of something random and and interrupted our call, and we worked out some details for something to be done. So I guess it goes both ways sometimes. So that's stage two, the review call. And then stage three is follow up. And like I said, I've sometimes have, sometimes have notes, tasks listed down, little notes there in in the inbox, the follow up one. And sometimes this only takes a couple minutes. Sometimes it takes 1015, 20 minutes. Depending on what what the follow up is, and I'll take care of what needs to be done. And then I close out his inbox, and I usually don't open it up until the next day that we're doing inbox review, unless we need something specific from his inbox. Again, this, this inbox doesn't, doesn't get checked all the time, and and as the one who manages inbox, I don't get notifications for it. It's it's there for, for our review times, and then for when we need, when we need specific things. And that that helps me, too, as the as the assistant to not be always glued to to his inbox and and spending time there. So that's a quick review, breaking down some of the things we do and managing his inbox. And like I said, the three main steps there of triage or prep work, second of the review call, or the actual processing the emails and and the tasks, and then third step of follow up. And like I said, it can apply both in the leader assistant situation and also in the the self managed setting. So that's what I've got for now. I'll turn it back to back to you. Matthias, all right. Awesome. Thank you. Thank you, Tim for that. Hearing, hearing, Tim, explain all of the nuances of what goes on beyond behind the scenes, makes me incredibly grateful for what he does. And just to brag on, on, on Tim a little bit. It his when we when we first started. I think this is fair to say. We have, we have very strong differences in how we approach life. And one of the one of my concerns going in was that that it wouldn't end up creating conflict. And Tim has been absolutely gracious in with my with my random thoughts that I cannot, I can't control. They show up. I know if I don't do something about them, now I'm not going to remember and it's been absolutely amazing. And and hearing Tim talk about what goes on behind the scenes makes me realize all over again how transparent he's made this process. And I think something that I mean, it's it really is it?

Matthias Miller  27:41
If, if you are a busy, overwhelmed leader and and you don't have to think about, how do I categorize? How do we make sure I don't see this email again? How do I like, like? Put this in the calendar. Put this somewhere else, all of those details, and you can just show up. You can be present. You can be engaged for 1530, sometimes 45 minutes, probably rarely that long, but, but for this period of time, and you can be present and engage and deal with those issues that like, it's, it's a whole load that kind of comes off your shoulders, and it's, it's been absolutely transformational for me. Melody, I know we were talking yesterday about you being out and about. I I love to move. Anytime I'm speaking, my hands are going this way or whatever, and and when I'm on the phone, it's very It's not unusual for me to grab my keys and head out of the office and go walking this way, that way, the other way. And I'm sure there's people who I mean, I'm sure Tim gets the barking, growling dogs in the background and the loud motorcycles and those types of things, but it's part of that is yet one more part of kind of the I don't know if you want to call it the stress relief for me, of being able to get outdoors, get the sunshine, get the movement, get the activity, and I get To do it during the time that I'm doing email. And it's, it's, it makes it one of the one of the most pleasant. It's one of the, one of the most pleasant ways to do email, to be honest. And it really has been a game changer for for me. I want to talk a little bit about, if you, if you do not have an assistant, I want to talk a little bit about why you should consider having one. And the reason is simply this, that there most of us, probably actually all of us, have different areas where we are short sighted or where we do not naturally spend time. This is exactly what I'm going through in depth in the colvi certification process right now. But, but even people who have the ability to if you're the type of person who has the ability to adapt to a lot of different scenarios, many times you are dependent upon the type of person who takes initiative in a certain way. Or if you take initiative in a certain way, then you there's other ways you don't take initiative and and you become dependent upon other people who naturally take initiative in that way to make it work. One of the reasons why Tim and I work so well together is that the places where I love to spend my time are not the places where he loves to spend his time, and the places where he loves to spend his time are not the places I love to spend my time. And so we we're able to balance these responsibilities where he's spending the time in the places that it's not actually just loves but but like where he's, where he where, where he instinctively spends his time. If he if he is acting on something, this is how he naturally operates when I'm acting on something. There's, there's, this is how I naturally operate. And so I think it's really important to understand that, well, there's, there's kind of some categories. If you're a strong, visionary leader and and you're naturally disorganized, then finding somebody who, who lives more in the details, who, who creates, naturally create structure, who wants to spend their time creating structure, often is a good fit. And but, but even that that varies so much from, I mean that that can vary from from person to from from person to person to to the type of person that you are, and finding that kind of finding that that right match for how you operate is is really powerful and And this doesn't just apply to your email. This can go way beyond email. Anytime you're wanting to accomplish a task. You can look at if you want to look at the if you want to predict the success of a project, you can look at the people who are on that team and look at how they instinctively take action. And by looking at that to a very high degree, you can predict the like the likelihood of success of the project. There's there's no thing you may have heard this before. There's no thing such as a well rounded leader. There are only well rounded teams and, and the Colby is has been a really powerful tool for me and understanding who are the people that I need to have around them and, and what, what is it that they should be contributing to the team? So, so that's on the that's on the that's on the kind of, on the on the practical side, or on the, you know, execution side of things. Something that Ian mentioned yesterday, that I think is absolutely critical, is that if you're giving somebody the keys to the castle, you want to make sure that you trust them. One of my mentors once said that there's, there's 5% I don't remember the the exact numbers, but he was like, there's 5% of the people who will steal from you regardless you regardless, and there's 90% of the people that will steal from you in the right conditions, but there's 5% of the people that will not steal from you in any condition. And when it comes to having such close access to your personal life, I think this is where that, that in that 5% of people who will never steal from you is absolutely is, I think, is absolutely important. The the more if, if you can remove the barrier of mistrust and you and you can, and you know that, let's say it like this, if, if character is not in question, then when there's when there's an error or when there's a mistake, then you can, instead of analyzing somebody's motives and trying to figure out whether they're taking advantage, trying to take advantage of you, it's, it can be one of two things. One is, one is just lack of education, like they just didn't know. Or it could be some kind of process that got in the way, or that wasn't right, or something like that, that that guided it in the wrong direction. On a technical level, it could be a filter that made it go the wrong way, or it could be and so you fix the process, or you give the training, but never in your mind, are you? Are you wondering, is this person trying to steal from you? And and as a as a leader, most, most leaders, are under supported and and as a leader, you want to have somebody who is close to you, who who can support you in what it is that you're that you're working to accomplish. I much.

Matthias Miller  34:29
Yes, Einstein always knew where everything was in the stack of piles. He was in complete control of his chaos. And that's exactly I think it's a very good point and and I think sometimes people think that everybody is organized. Some people have big piles, and they know that this is in this big pile, or in that big pile. And other people have everything meticulously organized into there's this for this type of situation, or this type of like or it's alphabetized and it's and it's in per. The chronological order. You know, these are differences in organization. And what I'm proposing to you is that that really to be effective. If you're if you're putting things into big piles, into the big piles of your inbox, you're going to find it challenging to actually manage that effectively. So love that, love that, love that. So I wanted to, I wanted to talk a little bit about where to from here. We're going to have, we're going to jump on Q A in, in just a little bit. And you can ask Tim about Tim or I, about the process, about some of the technical things about yesterday. But what we're doing right now in this challenge is the foundation of a course that we're creating called inbox annihilation, and it really is centered around this whole idea of, how do you take control of your inbox and and you've like, you've got the course content. This is, this is, if there's anything that we've left out from this, it's because we didn't think to add it. Sometimes we're blind to the processes like right in front of our faces, but we have, we've done everything that we can to give you what you need in order to succeed. So our plan here's kind of what we're thinking for the course we're thinking the course. The course itself will probably be a 497, course, and and looking, especially looking at how to, how to get hours back into people's days. This is a, this is a pre launch. I mean, this is a, the first launch of this course. And so we are offering several bonuses with this launch. I don't know if it's going to going to be included in the actual probably will not be included like this in the actual launch, of the course, just because of the nature of of the launch. But we are planning to include two Colby indexes so you can use it for yourself, and you can use it for somebody that you think might be a good fit to serve as an EA and and we will do a, yeah, well, two COVID indexes as a starting point. Colby is is a powerful tool. It's different than it's different than personality tests. Personality tests are about what inspires somebody to take action. It's about their affect. It's about their emotions. The Colby is the only test that actually looks at, how do people instinctively take take action once they're motivated to do it? How do they what are the what are the behaviors, their instinctive strengths? What are their behaviors that exhibit from that? And there's actually and, and just to cure any confusion, there is, there is no correlation between Colby and disc Myers, Briggs, any of those, those popular personality tests they have, they have specifically done research and and proven that this is a separate aspect of your mind and of how you operate. And it's been, once again, it's it's been a game changer for me. So we're going to include two, two indexes. Each index is worth $55 so that's $110 $110 value. With that, the other thing that that we wanted to do is the Colby is pretty technical, and as you know, I'm getting certified in the Colby, so part of this process will be one of one of the bonus bonuses that we're offering as well is a group coaching call, where I will look at, I'll look at your Colby. I'll break down and interpret your Colby for you. If you have a team member that you want, you want to include it as well. Do that as well, and look at how, how you will interact, where, what are potential points of tension or, or points of conflict or, or even potential places where you'll, you'll naturally get stuck working together. And the plan is simply that we're going to work with anybody who enrolls in the course. It's going to be at the in the middle of July or after, and we're going to work on scheduling, scheduling a time we'll, we'll do the best to accommodate anybody who enrolls in the course early, and we'll do a call, and I'll show up on the call, and we will, I will answer all the people questions until we're done. So whatever time is required, we'll answer, we'll answer all the people questions. So that's, that's bonus number two, in addition to the COVID Colby indexes bonus, number three is and as a side note, I'll mention this. Currently the interpretations for these, we're planning to price them at 242 49 and so you get these in a group session. You get to you get to watch other people engage with their Colby as well as as also your own. And then the third bonus is an Ask Me Anything with Tim, and this, this is on the technical side of things. So if you need help thinking through how to, how should I structure, or if you need to, or if. Even if you need technical details of like, Melody, you were talking about, about Yahoo mail and like, how do I, how do I set up filters for for this? Or maybe you have a certain specific emails and you can't figure out how to, how to filter out those specific emails? Then, then you'll have the opportunity for a group coaching call with Tim, where he'll go through answer all of those questions. Any, any technical help, any hands on kinds of help, any, any questions about the actual process, how, how all of that happens, you'll be able to interact with him on that and

Unknown Speaker  40:33
bonus

Matthias Miller  40:37
it. Well, yeah, and kind of, as a, as a final, final bonus. Bonus number four, if for any reason, there's something that in that whole process where you're needing extra support on Well, let me, let me back up. The call with Tim will be scheduled a separate time, and it'll be the same, same format. Show up, he'll answer your questions. You'll have plenty of time until then to review the the videos that we've done, come up with your own list of questions and and, and then during that time, once again, it's as long as you need it. So if you get all your questions answered in 30 minutes, then it's then you're done. And if, if you need three hours to work through something that you don't understand, then he'll give you three hours to work through something that you don't understand. So however long it is that you need to get results, and if, for some reason there's, there's something that that you're you're not able to to figure out, if there's some kind of roadblock, even after those two calls, then we will arrange

Unknown Speaker  41:41
a

Matthias Miller  41:45
group call. This was not something that we sorry, Tim, this is not something that we agreed upon, but we will arrange a group call with Tim, Ian and myself, and we've all seen the process from different angles, and we will, we will address those questions separately in a separate group coaching session if, for some reason, you don't get the results or don't get the insight you need from the first two and I'm making that, I'm making that, that promise without Ian's consent, and we will, we will. We'll just have to coordinate and schedule that with him as it's needed. So grand total for that, I don't know the value for that. It's, it's, I should probably have done the math, but the short answer is that what we are pre launching this for which includes, includes the video recordings, the Colby indexes, the interpretation with me and people related questions, the Ask me anything. Call with him. We're offering all of that for 297, and with a little bit of apology, no, we actually do not have an order form for that yet. And we will get you, we will get you, we will get you an order form. If that's something that you're we'll get you that order form shortly. And if it's something that you're interested in, just reach out and let us know, and we'll, we'll work with you on that. So that's that wraps up the Inbox Zero challenge training side of things. So what we want to do now is we are going to jump in the Q and A love to hear you guys feedback, and here to answer any kinds of questions you guys have.

Unknown Speaker  43:34
Can we hire Tim? Can

Matthias Miller  43:36
you hire Tim? Well,

Unknown Speaker  43:42
no, okay,

Matthias Miller  43:47
I don't think so. But if we could clone him a few times, I'm actually he's actually going on full time, full time next month, because I wanted more of his time so and I'm pretty sure it's going to fill up really quickly. So you know, if I'm mistaken, for some reason, we can talk.

Speaker 1  44:10
That's awesome. I want to know a little bit more about G Suite. Is that something y'all would be trained on to like I just started with that. So I know a lot about Gmail, but I don't know you know all the different things that G Suite offers.

Matthias Miller  44:28
So G Suite, if I mean, I can answer that that at least, at least briefly, G Suite is basically the paid version of Gmail, and so, so if you only have one email address. There's really not that much difference between Gmail and G Suite, except, except it's at fill in the blank dot.com@yourdomain.com Once you start moving beyond just just your own email address, if you add other people to your team, that's where you can you can set up a. Yeah, probably one of the, one of the major pieces, is setting up team, what are called Team Drives, which allow you to create this kind of shared folder structure for you to to share documents with each other. Tim, can you think of any other is that what y'all have? Is that what y'all use? Yeah, we're using G Suite, yeah, and

Unknown Speaker  45:22
y'all have more than one administrator

Matthias Miller  45:27
so, so we have, we have more than one email address, and we have a single admin account for the entire for the entire account, and then different email addresses within that. And there's certain things that just are a lot easier. You can it's easier to share events calendars. They just make it a little bit easier. Just reduce a little bit of the friction among team members. One of the other things that we have done with that as well, we do have a full backup, a third party backup provider, to back up all of our email and all of our documents as well. But yes,

Speaker 1  46:07
so doesn't Google offer that the Google

Matthias Miller  46:11
Cloud, it is, it is in the cloud, you are more likely to. I'll share an anecdotal story and and it really comes down to to value. I have a good friend of mine who logged into his Gmail, and this is a free account one day, and all of his all of his emails were gone with no explanation, and it included real estate contracts and other things that he was working on. It was not a good day for him, but it was a free account, and there's absolutely no way that Google is going to provide you any kind, any form of customer service on a free account. I have a theory, a hunch, that if you're in G Suite and you're a paying member, that you'll at least get some level of priority. I don't know how good it is, just because of that, and because there's so much writing on on the documents in the and the content that we have both in in our inboxes and in our on our on our Team Drive, I've done a third party backup.

Speaker 1  47:17
So that's a good point, I think, and I'm not quite sure, because I don't, I don't really remember all the photos, but I have a Google phone, and I went to put it on airplane mode, I went to Florida, and then all of a sudden, I was trying to get back into my photos, and I couldn't find them, and there was no there weren't in The drive, and they said they saved as a drive. And I was like, I don't know. So I lost a lot of photos, you know, phone photos. So not that important anyway. I mean,

Matthias Miller  47:53
nobody. I mean, yeah, yeah, you just got you just here. You want to unmute. Also something that's that's this. This may be of interest to you too. This is, this is just a computer, a computer insight for you, the question is not, will your hard drive fail? The question is, when will it fail? And Google in there. I remember reading a paper about, probably about 10 or 15 years ago on Google's infrastructure and and their, their whole computing infrastructure is built around the premise that the the memory in the computer will sometimes yield incorrect results and hard drives will fail. And so I know they build a lot of resiliency into it, but again, it just depends on where you're at, how valuable it is, how easy it is to recover. Otherwise, did you have any kind of sorry? And I unmuted you because I didn't know. So you started saying something else, or you were you were just responding sorry, but I

Speaker 1  49:07
was just in agreement with you, trust, no tech, you know, no computer stuff. We lost two drives and and then Japan had the tsunami and something else, earthquake and, yeah, everything started being built in China, and we learned quickly that they weren't up to to par as they were when They were built in Japan. So we try to buy any kind of lens, any kind of anything, if it's Japan made, will we trust it better than stuff made in China.

Unknown Speaker  49:52
Anyway. Cool,

Matthias Miller  49:56
Melly, did you have any any questions? I. From yesterday today.

Speaker 2  50:02
Well, as normal, I'm I'm applying, and like I said, for the basics of again, I always feel like I'm kind of way behind where you guys are at. So I appreciate the training from the standpoint of getting control and feeling very comfortable with attacking it. Matter of fact, I started out by putting a headline on my notes. I need to put my mindset to being like Tim and taking control and actually deciding what to do with emails, rather than just scrolling past them and, you know, and then on a day when I'm busy, but I'm easy distracted because I'm actually stressed. So my distraction comes. I follow Bunning trails on emails and lose a two or three hour with no plan, and then that hurts me in my other areas. So I really feel like, you know, again, yesterday kind of really represented me understanding why I have the struggle here and what it's been caused from i, even, you know, took it when God took me back to the history of how I started with computers being one of my big areas, and accepting that, you know, my training and things back then just really put this fear in me of messing up a computer or messing up and like I was telling Monique, my working with this filter stuff, and I did, you know, do the YouTube or the Yahoo thing yesterday, the training part, and I'm gonna go back through it again today, because I'm just learning how to, you know, I'm using my junk mail because I have, you know, and again, I've gotten rid of some of the unsubscribe, some of the stuff that it's all political junk. But I just never, I never did anything with it. I just delete it so I'd never, you know, thought about unsubscribing. I just deleted it because it was junk mail, and it's highly political junk that you know is coming in because you might have looked at a Twitter, tweet some anyway, you always end up with stuff I didn't ask for, but I got it, and it comes regularly, and that kind of stuff so, but I can play with that as I'm building filters. And you know, truly, the thing for me is it's like you handed me a box of crayons, and until I color with the crayons, I don't know what color I like. So, you know, it's like, God, I wish I had a whole bunch of questions, but really, some of it really was just being released as I watched you do that stuff, Tim, because it gave me that understanding. And then as I was watching, it's like, God, I've never even used those tools, never looked at those tools. So I really feel comfortable right now just kind of utilizing that kind of process and seeing where that now, the one question I would have, because I am in such an infancy more of my stuff, you know, I'm not prepared for a team yet. I mean, I can see maybe that stuff is coming. So I don't want to say that I won't do that, but if I don't have a team, am I going to gain stuff out of it? Because I'm just in a basic email process right now, right?

Matthias Miller  53:00
So the I'm not sure how to answer that. If you don't have a team, what will you gain if you do spend the next we have probably two or three weeks for sure, until until the until those calls. So you would have those that time to play around with things and to actually and maybe come up with more specific questions. I think the Colby index is, is, I'll just say this for myself and and for my team, the Colby indexes has lent a lot of insight. There's things that we it. It's shockingly difficult to predict people's results. And part of the certification process is actually, I will be predicting, trying to predict somebody's results, and we'll see how close I actually got to that somebody actually my sister's results. And it yields, I think it yields, a lot of insight to understanding kind of what you do best and where you function best. And it can, it can kind of take the pressure off from Oh, I have to be this kind of person, or, Oh, I have to be that kind of person. So those are, those are the places where I see value for you right now, in terms of where you're at. Are you? Are you open to an idea for, for how you could build your team without a lot of out of pocket?

Speaker 2  54:30
Yeah, you know, and again, that's every time I sit kind of, I always join the classroom because I'm always gaining because, you know, again, you're talking about a person who'd never been to class. So when I got offered to go sit in the back of the class, very cheaply, or almost free, I started sitting in the classes. I mean, that's what Pedro started with, the 414, because that's the first real Facebook stuff that I really embraced. So same thing here. I mean, it sounds silly for you guys who are. Tech and live by the computer. You know, I guess I would call myself as old school, brick and mortar kind of person. I worked I'm, I'm a farm hand, is really, essentially what I've done. So there was no need for me to develop tech, because I answer a phone. Somebody leaves me a message, I call them back, you know, I'm not an email thing. So again, with what God is having me build with the 414, challenge stuff, I'm representing that I have the call to learn this stuff. So yes, I'm very open Matthias, and that's why, like I said, it's, it's not a process of and just for your innocent question, me making sure I stay stagger this out a little bit, because, as you know from Jay's phone call and things like that, I get overwhelmed because I've taken in a whole lot of data in the last two months, and I, and I agree with you, you've got a couple of weeks through till this next thing, so that I can process and I can do and Maybe have some questions. Because even when the crush it with challenge edition came on, I didn't even look at it because I'm still going back and forth with the basic tutorial stuff. So that's my question. It's like, is this going to be something too that you'll keep up, that I'll have, like, a lifetime access, or a year access to it,

Matthias Miller  56:17
you'll have lifetime access to the recordings. What? What what I would encourage you to do, if you're open to some ideas, is find there's two possible situations. One is, is there a a high school girl in your community who she pre? I mean, she, she already has, I'm going to guarantee you, she already has enough tech knowledge to do this. Who is a natural organizer and who is a natural kind of, that kind of person? Yeah, and barter and say, I'll give you, I'll give you horse lessons all or all, whatever it is. And especially if you're because I know, I know your situation a little bit, especially if you're looking to record video. To record videos and things like that. Is there a way that that she like, she, she will likely have a love for this already? Is there a way that she can, she can use some of those natural gifts and and it might not be a perfect fit, I don't know. But if it's close, if it's within a reasonable range. Then, then she has this opportunity to join you in this journey. Get up close, get to get to be with horses like there could be this, this. Win, win, my personal opinion. Well, okay, people need technical people. Need technical knowledge, but without the right instinctive behavior, you're setting them up for failure. And my personal conviction has been that many times you can win very quickly by putting somebody with the right instinctive behavior into a role and letting them figure it out, because that's just what they do, and I've had a significant amount of success with that. So you could do that directly with the with the girl herself, if there's somebody like that that comes to mind, that you could try and if you have multiple people who come to mind, you could, you could use your two indexes on multiple people and see or you could, you could pay for a separate index if you wanted to, if you wanted to do that. Or you may just have a good hunch and want to just take it off of a hunch I really have. I mean, it's, it's up to you how you want to do this. And then, and then, the other option would be seeing if the I sorry seeing if, like, maybe there's a there's a mom who has some kind of corporate background, or business background, or or bookkeeping kind of background, who would be interested in doing this for you, in exchange for her daughter to be able to have that same kind of kind of benefit. So those would be, those are ideas of how you can kind of get away from the and then you could start small. You could do, let's say you do, you start with three days a week. I don't know if that's the right, the right number, or maybe it's, it's like, maybe it's, you know, for the first few weeks, it's an afternoon, like, a few hours in the afternoon to to start getting things under control. And then, and then, you know, you try doing a call a week, and then, or, like, doing it, you know, once a week, or like, and just, I don't know, you can experiment with different, different frequencies. The 297 price point is for two people in the group calls it is. It is a Colby index. Colby index for two people and you. Uh, the interpretation will be, excuse me, I can't talk the interpretation is for primarily for you, and how you relate to this other individual. And I did not think about whether both people should be on the group calls. But for sure, if you have, we'll, we'll make that a yes. If you've got somebody who's helping you with it, I think it absolutely makes sense to to have you guys both on on those calls.

Speaker 2  1:00:30
Question in regards to just liability thing, if I have a minor student do that, well, I have to have a parent approval before we have them do the Colby.

Matthias Miller  1:00:45
I forgot about that. The I believe that, okay, Colby and teenagers is an interesting thing that I did not think about, yeah, you don't necessarily need to have parent approval. I mean, they'll have to. They don't necessarily have parent approval. Teenagers are one of the more difficult age segments to measure, because they're they're they haven't necessarily found their groove. So your best success is going to be with somebody. Your best success put doing a Colby on a teenager is somebody who actually has had some work history. Now, there are some people where, yeah, that's that's the best answer that I have, and probably the older, probably the older that they are, the better results you're going to have with that. The Colby does recognize when there's certain aspects that are, that are unknowns, and it's able to indicate that and, and, yeah, let you know well,

Speaker 2  1:02:00
and that's what? Because again, when you said that, I did have a young lady come to mind, and through church, we have had they've done, I don't know if it's a Colby or if it's a different one. I think I've heard about Colby and I think, and that's the work related one that I've looked at. Because again, when you do different things, you kind of lose track of which one you looked at, which one you did when we first and so it's been like five, six years ago that we did a bunch of personality testing kind of thing at church. So anyway, this young lady has had that familiarity with some of the stuff, but she's a very organized and her mom had mentioned it to me, so when you brought that up, I thought, okay, and so she's had some familiarity. I just didn't know if there would have to be a liability clause, or I'd have to have parent permission if I wanted to facilitate that by, you know, offering her that test.

Matthias Miller  1:02:57
I am not a lawyer, so this is not legal advice. I if, if you have,

Speaker 2  1:03:05
I mean, the mom can give permission, and then I can do it right,

Matthias Miller  1:03:08
that would, that would probably be the, I mean, that seems sufficient to me. But again, I'm, I'm, I'm not a lawyer. I don't know that that personally, I would necessarily hesitate, but,

Speaker 2  1:03:20
yeah, well, because ultimately I won't, I won't receive her, her results. You'll receive and do stuff with it to give me insight how to work together, right? Yeah, but I wouldn't.

Matthias Miller  1:03:31
I wouldn't even see a problem if, if she's working for you, I don't see a problem with you seeing her results either. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:03:36
okay. Again, just looking at questions that the mom might ask. But I'm, I'm thinking this would be a really good thing for her as a paid thing.

Matthias Miller  1:03:46
Here's, here's how you pitch it to her. I mean, the question is, is, you know, your daughter is, is already looking at, you know, kind of, what are career opportunities? Where does she want to go? And and so there's two things that she gets, first of all, well, and let me, let me preface it with this. One of the ways you can frame this is as an experiment. We talked about that earlier this week. Do an experiment. Let's, let's try it for you know, for two months, and I, and I've actually done this with team members, bringing team members on board. Tim is familiar with this, where it's like, here's a here's a three month commitment, and then let's reevaluate. And it removes the pressure on both sides of the table, and it gives the it gives them an opportunity to audition for what they're wanting to do. Because at the end of the day, it's really, yeah, that's, that's really what it's about. So, so there's that. So she will get, I think it's tremendous value for her to be able to get this kind of insight into how she how she operates at a young age. There's, you know, I'm, yeah, I'm, I'm grateful to be as far as I am in understanding how I took it at the age that. I am, but I would have my life would be very different if I had known this 10 years ago. Yeah, longer. And then the last thing is job experience. I mean, that's that's not insignificant, to be able for her to actually have something like that to show for, not to mention, not to mention the benefit that, if she actually loves horses and like would value, would value that interaction? Here's one more thing I'm going to say. This is not the, this is not the paint by numbers, the paint by numbers thing, but I have repeatedly had situations where, where God led me to someone, or led me to someone who led me to someone. And yes, I did my due diligence. I checked the Colby. But yeah, this is, this is, yeah, I mean, my first, my first assistant that I hired was I had this thought I was, here's a story. I had this thought I was, it was early in the morning. I was journaling. I had this thought of this, of this person that I knew, that I thought might be a good fit and and she was out of state, and it turned out that she was meeting with a friend of hers who was also from a different part of the country, and they got on this conversation about, like, about she was wanting some part time work and, like, something to fill some time, and like, all that kind of stuff and and like, I don't know. I mean, she was the perfect, the perfect coated fit through Colby, but there's that too, so you have that to your advantage.

Speaker 2  1:06:47
And honestly, Matthias, you're speaking very well, so I would hope that you're understanding that as you're as you're talking you are. I just want to support the fact that you're actually hitting answers. I'm just going to go, sorry, Tim, I've met Matthias through four and four, so there's a little Christian aspect to this kingdom stuff. But I'm just going to say that you're, you are actually speaking what the Lord is saying to me. So when you're sharing this, and even knowing that the highlight of the person, and I kind of push back at it, because I've always been everything myself, because, you know, again, not even understanding it. Don't want to turn control over to someone when I don't understand it, because I don't want to get hurt just taking advantage of whatever kind of stuff. But anyway, as you said, this stuff about, you know, God and stuff, there's, you just need to know Matthias for the challenges, because I'm going to back you up, because we've been through 414, together. You are 100% on this is exactly I mean, I get that you guys are working through and training into doing what you know Pedro does, like water, but everything about this has been awesome, and what you just said was 100% the aspect of what I needed to hear. So don't feel bad about, you know, adding that kind of synopsis, because that is exactly what I needed to hear, and again, processing forward into an unknown,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:12
yep, yep,

Matthias Miller  1:08:15
yep, for sure, cool. I will send out. I'm four minutes away from jumping into another call, into day two of my certification, but I will send up follow up. We'll send up a notes digest from this, the videos I'm going to say are going to, probably going to stay up through Monday, or may come down someday, sometime Monday or Tuesday. And we will get more details on the I'll send out an email with Tim. This is something I thought would be nice. Could we put together a on that summary page? Could we put together all the homework assignments for each of the days? And I think the homework assignment for today is, well, obviously, the homework assignment for today is, go look at the you know, consider whether, whether the offer is, is something that that you guys want to engage with. So we'll send that out later today, or it may be tomorrow, because I've got a full day of training today, and you'll have the recording stream on your Tuesday. Any questions from you all before we before we drop off.

Speaker 2  1:09:24
Not really any questions, like I said, I'll enjoy being going through the replay stuff, because it's been really good. Really, really good. I just appreciate it. Yeah, you're welcome, for sure.

Matthias Miller  1:09:36
Cool. Sounds good? Well, we will. We will certainly stay in touch outside of this, outside of this group as well, but enjoyed being able to share with you guys. Special thanks to Tim for what he does on a daily basis, but also for breaking it down for you guys, and also for Ian for his his perspective yesterday as well. So yeah. That's That's what I got. And appreciate you guys. Have a good rest of your

Speaker 1  1:10:04
week too. Thank you. Yep, thanks. Thank you. Bless,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:07
yep, goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai