Matthias Miller  00:01
Hey, happy afternoon, Friday afternoon, you guys. So if you're over in the East Coast, all my friends, I'm sure you guys are off of work and getting ready to leave the office here. But I wanted to take a few minutes to jam with you guys, because there were just a handful of things that have been on my mind. So if you're here and if you see me, drop a comment, let me know. But I wanted to talk to you a little bit about lessons from this week that I have been learning, and some of them relearning. If you're here, drop a comment, let me know you're here. If you've got questions or thoughts, let me know. Love to hear how your week has been, what your wins have been, but self managing businesses, yo, good to see you. My man. Self managing businesses, one of the things that has been absolutely transformational for me in the last week or two is finding deeper levels of congruence between who I, who I naturally am, who I'm created to be, and how I get to show up. And I think there's a lot of confusion in the space of motivation, in the space of personal development, around, around motivation, around, how do you get motivated, and it is super, super powerful. When you get to show up with a pole, motivation ends up reservation instead of having a stick that's behind you. So trying to use a carrot or a stick to get you to move forward when there's something that's internal that's driving you forward, it is an absolute game changer. Sometimes wonder what level of performance difference you get from pull motivation versus push motivation, and certainly in terms of fulfillment and the quality of the quality of life that you have in the process, worlds of difference so that I see as a critical foundation to a self managing business, if you get to show up in in that place where you can bring your greatest contribution and you actually build it around yourself and who you are again worlds of difference. One of the things that we've we've had the privilege of working on this week has been centered around what we call the profit autopilot. And that's, that's part of there's there's components that go into that, but that's a huge piece that goes into a self self managing business. And there's multiple pieces of that as well, having self managing team members, having the right team members, again, even in the last number of weeks, there's been guides if, if, I'm sure, I hope you guys are like this, if, if you're not in the in a position where you are constantly being challenged and constantly learning and constantly growing, you're missing an incredible amount of opportunity. And for most you know it, there's a lot that you can learn by having the right having the right frame of mind in life and in business, as you're going through these lessons, most of there's a lot of lessons that we can extract from the day to day life if we're only willing to take the time. So with this part of a self managing business is having a self managing team, which is absolutely critical. But then with that as well, is having systems in place that that keep the self management going, building processes into the day to day workflow so that as things happen, literally, as things happen, you're getting the data that you need to make informed decisions. And the literal process of making decisions is pulling on those on that data. So if you're if your business is self managing, there is this there's this thing that walks alongside you, walks along all of your like everything that you're doing along the along the way, and it's it becomes part, part and parcel of your business. I think the systems and processes that you put into place can be every bit as important it does. It's not to the exclusion of your team members, but can be every bit as important as as the team members that you have in place. So we've been having a lot of fun working with that, with our clients. I had a fun, have a fun project with one of our clients around that which we won't, we're not going to get into right now. So profit autopilot, being able to get those decisions and make those decisions. But the other thing I really wanted to do today is have a little bit of story time, because there's this interesting trend that I see happening in my life. And you know, here's one of the things that I love. I love getting around people. This is borrowed, a borrowed term, from somebody else, but I love getting. Around people that I call Renaissance people. And I don't know if you've met people like that, but there are a certain category of people. When you get around them, they may be in business, they may not be in business, but there's a certain level of creativity that's that's with them. And when you start a conversation with them, there's like, I don't know, it's like your mind explodes, and there's this buzz of creativity that you get during the conversation that kind of goes, goes on with you beyond that. And those are types of people that are often deeply disconnected from social media and who think deeply about issues and getting around those things have been tremendously eye opening for me. So I had a conversation with friend of mine who has studied literature, and we got started talking on this question of, what does it what does it actually take to extract meaning from literature? Now you might think this is, like, what kind of question is that? And like, where are you going with this? And this unraveled a whole conversation and, and I wanted to share this because I've noticed, sorry, there's, there's more to this, but there's a handful of people there. There's, there's two types of people in general. This is, this is broad categorization, two types of people. Who who approach process from I want to get to this destination, and so therefore I'm going to take steps A, B, C and D, and therefore I'm going to get to this to this destination. And that's great for places where you absolutely know where you're going. And then I get around friends who are in this transition point. They know that they're getting out of something that hasn't worked in the past. They know they need to get to somewhere else, but they don't know the exact path of how to get there and how to pursue that. So the question is, what do you do when there's no there's not a destination that you know you need to get to, and nobody has written a plan about how to get there. So I was talking to this to a friend of mine, and he's like, Well, this is the same way that you know, the same way that you extract things from literature, is like you read through it, and there's this one thread that jumps out at you, and you when you follow that thread, it will lead you to a second thread. And as you continue to engage with this written work, the whole thing unfolds, and I realized that over the last number of weeks, I've been through through various dimensions. I've been working with different people and having conversations with them, guiding them through the process of getting to an unknown but certain destination. And it's been working incredibly well, and this is actually been the process that they've been going on, which is simply, we don't know exactly where we need to go, but there is a very clear next step that we need to pursue, that we need to investigate, that we need to whatever. And when we get to that second step, it's not until you get until that second step that that it becomes clear to you on where to go from. From there. For a lot of people, this feels like risk. It feels like uncertainty. It's scary in a in a lot of ways. I think it's probably best described as faith. But what most people don't realize is that as long as you're open to, if you're open to the idea that the destination that you're going towards is the right destination, but may not actually be the destination that you imagined, then this whole process of walking this out has every bit the same degree of certainty as as what most of us attach to. Here's where we want to go, and here's steps, A, B, C and D in order to get there. I um, and I've watched people close to me walking some of these things out and getting out of really detrimental situations that we're keeping them kind of under here. Here's how I describe it. Um, in today's world, there's a high degree of people in the business and professional world that really are in a prison, and there's a whole set of employment and sales and all kinds of other tactics that are actually designed to keep people under somebody else's thumb. And I have a bit, no, it's, this is not a bit. I have a very strong

Matthias Miller  09:50
vendetta against not these people, but against these systems that keep people in place. And so I've, I've been seeing these people that are in these situations. Questions, and the only thing that they really knew at the beginning was I'm going to have to get out like I can't stay stuck under this thumb, and I can't tell you how many people build businesses and and achieve some level of success. And a parent, a parent on the outside is this picture of success. There's there's there's the financial metrics that go with it. There's this, there's a circle of friends that they have with it. There's all of the things that should, by definition, lend them freedom in in what they're doing. But in reality, it ends up and ends up creating this kind of bondage. And what I've seen is with these people, the the one thing that they started with was, was first of all, recognizing that they were under somebody's thumb, who, most generously, unknowingly, I think, in quite more situations than than what we're willing to admit. We're actually intentionally keeping them from succeeding. One of my friends posted about the tall poppy syndrome, which is the term, kind of comes from Australia, around the whole idea that if somebody grows too tall, you you chop them down so that they don't they don't get too tall. You don't want them growing past past everybody else. It started with them recognizing that they were in that situation, and then making the choice to take the next step out of that situation. And for quite a number of these people, there was a step one and there was a step two, there was a step three and a step four, and they weren't able to see the next step until they took the prior step. And as they started taking these steps, these things begin to unravel. And like, like crazy, crazy stories of of having chance I'm going to say chance encounters. I don't actually believe that they were, but having having chance encounters with people who held like, like, I mean, I'm talking really bizarre stuff, like, like, conversations with people in critical that that play the critical role in their promotion that was tied back to somebody that they met three or four years ago and had kind of gotten to know and lost track of, like, like, it's those kinds of things that I'm seeing happen. But the only reason this is happening is because they're making the decision to to break free from this, and they're making the decision to take the next step. I had this happen myself this week with another conversation with somebody that I would also call a true renaissance person, if you were listening to the beginning of the call, somebody I met almost a year ago and reached out and reconnected. And as a result of our conversation, there was a whole set of issues that I and challenges that I was facing that I was like, like, here's here's the thing. Like, well, let me say this, what this guy's absolutely brilliant at is finding ways that people are fighting against themselves. And there were ways that I was fighting against myself that I had absolutely no idea. And, and, and with that, like becoming more and more congruent with this reality that guys I I don't even I don't even know if I want to completely go here. I'll be honest, I don't know that I'm completely ready to go here, but this conversation has set off another whole series of events that I would not have been ready for if, if we would have even talked two weeks earlier.

Matthias Miller  13:38
There's more some of these stories I can't really share out of out of confidence to the people that I've been in conversation with, but I'm watching people as people walk away out from under this thing. It's been absolutely amazing to see what what's happening to people. So here's the challenge. The challenge is that if you're in any kind of a leadership role. If you are keeping people under your thumb, you have just started off a ticking time bomb, and there it's, it's only a matter of time until somebody else will come along. There will be, there will be a Moses who will show up in your life and and you're not going to be able to keep everything. You're not going to be able to keep everybody under your thumb like that. As a leader, I believe we have responsibility to our people, to put them into places where they thrive, in places where they excel, which means that that and listen, this is some foundational concepts around what abundance and prosperity looks like. But there's a there's a core belief that I hold that that when I'm walking and I. Listen, I don't, I don't know where all my listeners are, and I know I've got listeners on on the whole spectrum of where they are in God, with with God, where they believe those types of things. I believe that there are things that we're put on this earth to do on assignment by God, and that there's this core understanding of abundance that that recognizes that when we are doing that, that there are people who are assigned to us to help us walk that out. That there are people who will come alongside us in that, in that process. At the same time, there are people who come into our lives for a season. And we can either choose to benefit from that. Oh, we will benefit from that regardless. We can, but we can choose to I don't know, just take advantage of that pass the season that they're supposed to be in our lives. And I think as leaders, we have a responsibility to our we have responsibility we understand. We have responsibility to our business. That's absolutely true. That's absolutely like, beyond a shadow of a doubt. We have a responsibility for that, but we also have responsibility to the people that we that we serve and we lead. And if we're not able to move people closer into the place where they're where they're going to thrive, if we have to keep people under under our thumb in order for them to achieve the results that they need, that we need from them in our business, we're doing them a disservice, and we're doing ourselves a disservice. And again, I think it's a TI ticking time bomb, and I think I think there, there's a shift that's coming to the world, that that there's an awakening to the power of culture and the power of what healthy culture can do within a business in terms of productivity, in terms of even even client success, customer success. So anything not founded and rooted in joy and love will no longer be sustainable in this time of great fundamental change. David, I absolutely 100% agree with you. I completely agree with you. What I love about the times that we live in is that it's really put pressure on things, and pressure always proves what, what a thing is made of, and also proves what people are made of. And I know a lot of people who've been broken by what's what's happened, but I also know a lot of people who've been made really strong, and their true colors have have come through, and their hearts of gold, absolute gold, have come out. Yeah, so here's encouragement to you guys. Here's what I want to do, and here's, here's, this has been an this has been a huge factor to to to to some of these things I don't know, just in my life II, suppose, getting around people people talk about the right kinds of people. And there's, there's so much about being around the right, right kind of people, but there's, there are superficial levels to that, layers to that. But then there's also layers of depth to that pressure revealed substance, or lack of it 100% there is. There are people who appear to be successful in the surface but don't have, I guess, borrow David's David's terms don't carry the substance. But if you're willing to pay the price. Sometimes it's financial, sometimes it's personal, sometimes it's to be honest, it's reputation, it's convenience, it's there. There's many different prices to pay, but if you're willing to pay the price to get around the people who have substance and allow them to shape your life. And that's probably that's also one of the prices that that needs to be paid, is being willing to go through the hard stuff and allow your life to be shaped by that. That's when you get ushered into the privilege of shaping other people's lives, and that's when you get the privilege of being being surrounded with people who, who go past you, who go beyond you. I don't know if you've heard heard the term talking about being a floor versus a ceiling, but that's where you become the floor for other people. And one of the things that I aspire to be is to aspire to I aspire to be the kind of person where, where I am not threatened by people who are who I'm surrounded with, who outperform me and out succeed me. Because if you're absolutely honest, that's the only way that you can leave a legacy. If you're always the epitome of everything that happens around you, then you become, you become a statue and a monument and something that somebody will will look back to but never build upon. But

Matthias Miller  19:55
if you can raise up great people around you and build up people around you, you. Can create a ripple effect that will go on for generations, and you can be forgotten, but your life will always live on. So that's what that's what I call the long game. So I want to encourage you guys this week, maybe it's this simple question, integrity. David, this is absolutely great. Um, integrity and vulnerability are essential for community. Integrity and vulnerability are essential for community. You can't build a legacy on a deceptive image that is so true. Christus is powerful. Christa, good to see you guys. We could go deep into that, right there, integrity. Integrity is huge. Corey. Appreciate you, brother. So glad that we've we've gotten to know each other,

Matthias Miller  21:02
you know, for any of you guys, if there's somebody that's on your mind or your heart this week that you're like, I need to reach out to. It could be somebody that that you've, you know, need some encouragement. It could be somebody that that sometimes we don't even know the reason, I'll be honest. But if there's somebody that is on your heart or on your mind to reach out to this week, I encourage you to do that. Yeah, so it's as simple as that, it's all I've got for you guys. I really hope you guys have an amazing weekend. Thanks for Thanks for hanging out with me this, this last little while, thanks for you guys for engaging with me here, and hope you guys have an awesome, awesome weekend. Hey, appreciate you, Doug, and yeah, sounds good. We'll we'll catch you guys later. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai