Speaker 1  00:01
So I wanted to jump on and tell just say how much the training this morning resonated with me. And wanted to share something that I felt like God was laying on my heart. So we've I went through the love, serve, grow challenge, and through the KBB offer that was part of that, and been working on it, on a new offer, launched it this past weekend, and getting, getting some great click through rates and no conversions. And it's kind of like just a lot of what, what Pedro was talking about, really, really resonated with me. It's kind of like these guys are crazy for not jumping on board. I know, I know absolutely how much value there is and what I'm doing. And certainly there's practical aspect of, you know, maybe there's disconnects, and I'm looking at fixing that, and late last night, got an inspiration for a much better way of articulating the offer, and so looking forward to seeing how that does and continuing to refine it. But then one of the things that I felt like God was was laying on my heart too with this, and this is something I would love to have feedback on, is it? It it seems like there's a lot of people who are bound up in fear and anxiety and doubt just because of the times that we live in. And it just felt like, like, just felt like the Lord was saying that we have to break some of those things first. Some of these things have to break in the spirit before, before we start to see some of these, some of these things open up in in the natural and so what, what Pedro was saying about people not believing in themselves, really, really resonate with that. And so today I'm just praying especially for for the people that I'm called to serve, that God would break open the doors for them, that they would start to experience peace and freedom from the anxiety, anxiety and the fear that's so prevalent and that that God would really release creative wisdom for them and just trusting that it's just an exciting journey. So thanks, Pedro, for what you shared definitely resonated. Definitely was was on point, exactly what I needed to hear. And so appreciate it. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai