Matthias Miller  00:01
Hey guys, I just wanted to check in with you all and see how all of you all are doing. And I missed the Hot Seat most, the hot seat yesterday because I had another appointment. Couldn't make it on. But I want, also wanted to give a little bit of an update. So as far as you guys are doing, I'd love to hear more from y'all. I know that the lives have definitely died down, and different people say, Hey, I'm missing that. And then you actually have to kind of fight through the noise and actually make time to do those lives. So if you have a chance, I'd love to hear from you guys just a little update on where I'm at. I have, I decided at the beginning of this of the month to become certified in the Colby index, which is something that I've actually had a very deep interest in for a long time. I think it ties in very well with some of the things that we were talking about. I was talking about with Pedro and the hot on one of my early hot seats. Super, super excited about that. So I'll be getting that certification this month, and also have had a number of major software projects land. And so that's I've been, like, super busy on getting those things rolling, getting the development team ready for those so that's been, that's been super exciting. One thing on the Just One of the things that's been really interesting, and this is I shouldn't be surprised, because this is kind of what we expect, but since narrowing down my who, it's been really helpful to be able to have conversations with the who, and the level of affinity that I have with them is kind of crazy, which is Pretty cool. Had a had a conversation this morning with somebody who was, hey, Deanna. Had a conversation with somebody this morning who was just looking to start a, a an organization, and I was talking to her and gave her it was able to give her some guidance and some direction. And she was super, super grateful. And ended up, actually ended up offering to refer me to a number of other organizations in her area that that she thinks that what I'm doing could be of interest to jumping back to the COVID certification, one of the things that I did is email the couple of local organizations as well to see if I could do case studies to kind of get that rolling on that front and some very receptive response there. So all of that has been really, really positive for me. There's definitely been some challenges along the way. One of the other kind of other major things is I'm launching an inbox plunge in two weeks. Be doing that, and that's probably one of the last it's not really super branded, but it's we offered it as a bonus for our Dream Team Challenge, and so we decided to go ahead and run it. And so that's pretty excited about that. So anyway, I don't know why I'm I'm sharing all this stuff. It was just like, once again, it feels like I've had so many wins and and again, some things that have been really challenging through all of this. And probably I don't ask for help enough, but you guys are, you guys are family, and wanted to check in and share with that. So would love to hear from all of you guys where you're at, what's going on. I realized the other day that maybe we should do another, do another kind of tech call some time for you guys who are, who are wrestling through stuff. So that would be helpful. Let me know in the comments. Anyway, that's it. Let me know. Do a live let us know what's happening. How we can support each other. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai