Matthias Miller  00:01
Hey, good afternoon, guys. Alicia asked me, tagged me in a post yesterday, asking me to pray for a release of creativity. And I wanted to share some so I'm happy to do that. Wanted to share a few things that were on my heart. One of the things that God has really been speaking to me about for myself personally, is that is that we are in this season of God's people being set free from Pharaoh and and being released into the promised land. And this is true for me and I've and this really resonates with what God's God's been calling, calling me to, hey, Melody and and with that too, one of the things with creativity is that is that I have, even in the natural I have this gift of creativity that is on me. And I feel like, feel like part of what we're crying out for is for each of us to find our field of of favor, where, where the gifts that God has deposited in us become aligned with with the kingdom and, and these things Ignite and become, like, becomes super, super powered together and, and so while I'm happy to pray for creativity, I'm going to release that soon. But I think, I think, along with that, is that, Hey, Pedro, so along with that, I think that, like, what's really on my heart is for that these things that God has deposited within us to become aligned with the kingdom, and for these things to be released and to be made manifest, and for them to become aligned with our field of favor. So I just want to, I want to bless each of you guys. I bless you with with that, with the release of of the things that God has deposited into you and into alignment with your field of favor. And, and I bless each of you guys who are, who are wrestling with the creativity I release. I release a gift of creativity over you guys. And, yeah, and, and something else that God's just continued. I don't know. Sometimes we don't need creativity. Sometimes what we need is just obedience to take the next step. Um, something else I just wanted to share as well. I feel like God's been breaking through so many layers of fear and self doubt. I feel like I know what the next step is, but I've been I've been like, I can go so far, and then I've been hitting a wall. And like, this week, can really been preaching me of that. And he's like, like, bro, you you've got like, you've got to you, I believe in you and and you've got to continue stepping out. And it's two sides of the coin that Pedro keeps talking about, the belief in ourselves, but also the the, I don't know, the willingness to accept feedback as well. And so anyway, that's what's on my heart. So So bless you guys. And it looks like there's been a lot of activity in this group. I'm taking some time to to hear from continue to hear from God for this next week, and what, what he's he's doing. But bless you guys. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai