Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey, good evening, all my friends. Hope you guys are doing well, well, well, just wanted to share some thoughts of some things that I've been working on and thinking about lately, and that is this, if you're a leader, it is incredibly important to have a sacred space where you can retreat to or in a lot of ways. And here, here's the here's the fun thing, actually, retreating to the sacred space is your form of advancing. Retreating to this, to the sacred place is your form of advancing. And here's what I mean. I have taken on, I have declared all out war against reactivity. And I don't claim to win this battle every single day, because there is an onslaught of things that come my way every single day, but one of the things that I have worked hard to overcome is this. This the way that email and and all of this stuff sucks my productivity out of me and like, like it destroys my focus and gets me, like, narrowed into the wrong thing. Like the like, we're working on something, and I have to get something out of my email, and then it goes completely sideways and and one of the things that I found as a leader is that the more that I can focus on the things that really matter the most, that like, like, it is such a powerful thing, not only in terms of getting results, but also just in terms of being able to live in a peace, a place of peace, and live in a place of rest, proactivity is, really, is a weapon. And so one of the things that that I'm really excited that we're going to be doing over the last maybe year or two, my team and I have gone really deep around this whole question of, how do we take back control of email and make it something that serves us instead of us serving it? And so I'm really, really excited to be announcing the the our inbox zero challenge. It's a three day challenge where we're going to be focusing on taking back control of the inbox. So anyway, if you're interested, sign up at Inbox Zero challenge.com. And hit that up. Check it out. Meanwhile, if you're a leader, I want to go back to the statement I made earlier, your sacred place is, is your place of retreat, which is your place to advance, and so creating that space for yourself as a leader is super, super important, and I'm hoping to do that for all of y'all who are going to show up in the challenge. So can't wait to see you. Hope you guys have an awesome evening and take care. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai