Speaker 1  00:01
Hey, movement maker family, super, super excited to be in here with you, and so excited to it's been so much fun to be in on this and watching the training and all that stuff. I wanted to share some of my experience with with kind of the shiny object syndrome. And this is, like, a little bit of my, video is going crazy. Okay, there we go. This is, this is just a little bit of my kind of my story. Because when I one of the things that I've struggled with as a long time, you kind of getting into the into the internet marketing space and like digital products and like all this kinds of stuff, is that there was always, like a new thing that I could chase, and I was always looking for kind of a new thing to to kind of solve the problem and like, like, help me, like, figure out the way forward. And something happened for me when I started going into went into Pedro's coaching program, and I like this, this thing started to break off of me. And there were a few things that made that happen. And I think these are actually one of this, like, like, like, one of the things that's maybe kind of undersold. I don't, I don't know if it's undersold, but, but maybe undersold about this whole thing is, is, well, there, there's a few things so, so let's see if I can, I can gather my thoughts together. One of them is, if you guys are familiar with the Colby, I'm like, a nine on Quick Start and and very resistant follow through, which means like, I am the absolute sucker for like, for impetuous decisions and being like, let's go over here. No, let's go over here, now, over there. And like, like I've gotten suckered into. I can't imagine how many kind of shiny object things that were going to be the silver bullet in all this stuff. And here's one of the kind of fascinating, unexpected realizations for challenges like challenges I realized have that same kind of demand for me to show up live, to deliver content, to come up with stuff and to engage with people, and this whole thing that was actually my Achilles heel before, like, like, like, This is for all of you guys who are, who, who, who are technical, and maybe you're not like, like, sometimes marketing can be like, so, so, like, heavily systematized and recorded and, like, analytical and all that kind of thing. And there's certainly parts of that that you need in order to do what you do. But for those of you guys who aren't that, who are, like, always bumping from one thing to the next and not finishing stuff. I think the shocking thing for me was that was how much this actually utilized that, that like that, that part of me, that part of my personality, that like that, that drive that I had, but, but it wasn't just that, either, like, like, one of the things about the challenges framework is, was the whole thing of of digging deep into my who, and once I locked into a who, that I was connected with, that I had, I could build a bridge with, I could build rapport with, I could get to I and it wasn't just a matter of getting to know them more deeply. It was like I already know these people so deeply. I know them better than that. I know them and the issues they face, and then, like, their world, I know that them better than you know, easily, 90% of the marketers, maybe, maybe 95% maybe, maybe more I don't even know. But, like, I know their world very, very well. And these people aren't being reached by like, they're being reached generically. So they're getting blasted by all these, like, very general, like, kind of, kind of solutions and all this other kinds of stuff. But there's nobody who's actually tailoring their solution to them. And one of the things that I found with that is, as I focus on serving my who like, there was like that That, in itself, started breaking off the shiny object syndrome. It was like, like, my focus went from where's the silver bullet to like, how can I get, how can I engage deeply with these people and start providing value to them? And and it was a big mindset shift. So that was, that was one of them. The The other thing that I've noticed in this is all of this, this is like anywhere in in online marketing, is that the quality of the leader determines the quality of the tribe, the quality of the leader determines the quality of the tribe. And when I, I was on the fence, I when, when I was was looking to join patriots coaching program and and looking at some of the challenge stuff and all of that, I was on the fence, but there was something that I that I knew right before I jumped in, and it was this that I knew it was time to put myself into an environment of really amazing people like and I wasn't quite sure what that was supposed to look like. But one of the things I did know is that the quality of the tribe is the quality of the people and and that like, like, this is one of those things that many people don't talk about in terms of like, like, success with challenges, but, but, but the the third thing that really helped me kind of break off the shiny object syndrome was just this getting around. Amazing people, and building that that community and and helping being with like minded people who are also building out challenges, who are also looking to make a difference, looking for ways to serve their who was that was like? That was a major, that was a major breakthrough for me, with, with breaking, breaking off, kind of that shiny object syndrome, and jumping around. And I think for the first time, with all of those three things, kind of kind of like the personality, like the tribe, like all that stuff. Like, for the first time, it's given me a confidence in myself to that I can actually put my heart to something, and I can apply it, and I can see it all the way through depletion. And I think this more than anything else, by the way, one more thing I guess, with this too, is like the four week follow up coaching is like this. This isn't just the program that that or a course that you go through, but that follow up coaching was another thing that really helped me in staying engaged and staying and, like, staying the course, and actually getting to the point where I started seeing results. And when you start seeing results, when you actually have a model that you can replicate, that you can repeat, that you can refine, that you can finesse, like, like, once you actually have results, then, then that some of the shiny object syndrome also falls away. Because, like, I don't know, as entrepreneurs, we're hardwired to win. We want to win. And I think sometimes the feeling of losing can keep us locked into trying one thing after the other and and once you know going through that, that ongoing coaching, coaching to kind of hone in the challenge and to, like, actually, like, start building something that actually gets some results. I'll be honest, my first challenge that I did, I hear these stories about people who are, like, crushing it and knocking out of the park, and I'm like, I would be awesome. Like, I wish that would be me. And it wasn't me. Like, it was not I actually, actually had a bunch of people who signed up for it. Even as somebody who paid for the challenge it was, ended up being, like, a super small challenge. And like, one person paid for it, and like, they never showed up and they didn't even actually want what the challenge offer. I was, like, anyway. So like, like, I don't have that, that wild success story in in terms of results, but I what, what it really changed for me was giving me something that I could, I could really dig into, and I could apply myself toward and and even though it wasn't wildly successful, it gave me a starting point of, like, here's something that, first of all, like, like, as I said at the beginning, here's something that I actually love to do in terms of marketing and selling and serving, serving my who. But also like, like, here's something that I can continue to finesse. It's a starting point. It may be hardly broken to start with, but I can continue to tweak and refine and and get better next time. And like continue to grow and to improve, it's kind of like, I don't know, like, we, sometimes we look at ruts, like, ruts, and, you know, when you're when you're stuck in a rut, like, it can be such a horrible thing, and like, takes you down the wrong path, but when you get stuck in a rut, that is the right path, and you continue going down down that road. Like, I really, I really feel like this is one of those things that can kind of lock you in to a path that's the right path for you. Like, like, you're kind of stuck in a rut, but a good rut, because it helps you to to stay the course and to continue like, to continue, like, moving forward, refining, continue to getting continue, getting better, and continue like, like, yeah, I don't know, but I so my mind just blanked out. My brain does that. So So anyway, I just wanted to share that, that kind of, that story with you, because I'm sure I'm not the only one who's kind of wrestled with that. I don't know that shiny object thing. I've actually spent a lot of money on things that I've never actually ended up using. And I know that that sometimes, and this is something that that I've come to realize, like personally, is, is the oftentimes, the biggest barrier is, is twofold. One is one is trusting the process. But then second of all is, which is more important, is like actually being able to trust yourself, to know that, that I actually have it within me, to to take this, to take ownership of it, to take it and run with it, and, and, and, yeah, it's like, I don't know if, if, yeah, there you go. That's it. I'm just rambling at this point. Super awesome, super, super grateful for the breakthrough that I've had, because it really feels like this has helped me to narrow down my focus and to stay the course, and to build something that I can to not just go after a tactic, but start building something that I can actually build upon and refine and grow and and take me down a path that's that's not just for a moment, but that I can actually build a business on the on the back of so that's it, if you're, if you're on the fence about the about the challenges course, I can just share with you from personal experience that it has definitely been a huge value to me, and it's been a big stepping stone in my journey as entrepreneurs. So let's go for it. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai