Matthias Miller  00:01
All right, guys, I wanted to give an update on kind of what's happening. And Lindsay's recent live made me want to kind of hop on and give some let you guys know what's going on. Things have been absolutely crazy, like, in a good way, closed down a whole bunch of stuff that were, like, kind of entrepreneurial seizures, and we're making money, and we're definitely a distraction. And went back to my field of favor, which is software, um, one of the biggest things was I, I brought a guy on full time to help me with with that, and that was the thing that I needed to actually be able to, to actually thrive in, in my field of favor. And that started opening all kinds of doors. And we're just consistently seeing God opening, opening all kinds of all kinds of doors, all kinds of opportunities, and leading to the next step and the next step and the next step and the next step. And it's, it's crazy, but it's good. So we're doing custom software development for the construction industry, really working on, kind of helping with systems and processes and taking up busy work, but but with the with the addition of kind of customized software solutions in that space. So in the middle of kind of a rebrand at the same time, one of the most amazing things, kind of the crazy things didn't expect, we closed our first six figure deal, and so we have definitely set high watermark for our projects, and I don't know, just been thinking about you, you guys today, especially seeing, once again, seeing Lindsay's post, and kind of miss, kind of miss those days, miss the group, camaraderie and the interaction, some of the some of the unique things that we got in there. So y'all still hold the place in my heart. I wanted to drop in say hi, give you guys an update and share, share some wins and some gratitude items. And also, we'd love to hear from the rest of you. This is my this is my little challenge to the rest of you guys, to drop in here live, let us know, doing. Let us know what's going on, and we'll, yeah, have an awesome weekend. Yes, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai