Matthias Miller  00:03
All right, let's take a look and see that's see if we're live over there.

Matthias Miller  00:21
All right, there we go. Awesome. Here I am, live on Zoom and on Facebook, and let me pull up the chat, make sure that everybody can hear me. Okay, awesome. Glad to glad to hear that. All right, so I got a number of questions in the group. I was going through the group this morning and looking at some of those questions. And one of the things that I have been talking a lot about in the group, in the Facebook Lives, and I want to reiterate, because I think it is absolutely critical, is this whole thing of your mental space and your mental clarity. We live in a time where just from what we're seeing in the media, with the situation of world events, that there's a lot of opportunity for anxiety, for fear, for doubt, for uncertainty, and there is a lot of there's a lot of uncertainty right now. And so I think we do well to do whatever we can to keep our mental head space clear. A clear head creates clear thoughts, which creates clear decisions, and clear decisions are going to be what help us to navigate through challenging times. So again, I know we've been talking a lot about that, but I want to, I want to reiterate it, because I believe it's absolutely critical as as we look, as we look at moving forward. So there were a lot of questions about taking events virtual. There were, there were a lot of questions about some, some questions about, How do you make it lost fundraising because of canceled events? There's, there are also a good number of questions about how to, how to work virtually. And so I want to cover a couple of things here. And and then there were also some questions about about virtual courses as well. And so I've got a the director of a nonprofit who's actually launched virtual courses will be joining us today. Hopefully don't see him on yet, but hopefully, see him, hopefully will be coming on on before too long, and we'll be talking a little bit about what they've done with their nonprofit as far as virtual courses are concerned. And he'll be, from what he said in the group, looks like he'll be more than, more than happy to offer some some support, even on a technical standpoint of watching virtual courses, one of the other things I've been seeing a lot in in some of the places we're at is, sorry, hang on a second. We are going to allow people to hop in the script while this call is going on, so that they can get in on this as well. Is around fundraising. Should we fundraise right now? Should we not? I think this is a this is a great question. And there's kind of competing distinctions on that, you know, or competing thoughts on that. I'll share my thoughts in a second. But the competing thoughts are, there's so many people going through a crisis right now. Should we actually be fundraising during this time when there's other people who might be needing funds more than we do. There's, there's another stream of thought, which is simply, you can't give people an opportunity to choose unless you actually present them with the opportunity to choose. So so if you don't make them, if you don't make any kind of appeal, then they don't have any opportunity to make a decision. And so I guess what I want to encourage you is awesome work on that. And what I want to encourage you with this is, is to take a, I think, a healthy mindset with fundraising right now is that if you can find a way to serve your your donors and your supporters during this time there's there's tremendous opportunity for fundraising right now. Keep in mind that there are some businesses, if you're looking at business sponsorships, there's some businesses that are getting hit really hard by this, but there's other businesses that are booming and and this happens to every, every, every kind of economic reset. And I'm actually, I'm actually thinking about putting together a webinar next week around that whole concept of kind of the state, of how this whole thing affects, affects markets from that standpoint, well, more specifically, nonprofit. From that standpoint, and then there'll be more details about that, but and so. So keep in mind that there is opportunity, the opportunity has shifted. And one of the things I'd be looking at in that webinar is understanding how the world has shifted already and how it's going to shift. And how it will continue to shift in the future. And I think, I think for a lot of us, it requires some of us are able to be more agile than others, but the the organizations that will stay strong to this are the ones that that will be able to adapt so so with that kind of mindset, I think, I think understanding this is also something I talked about in the group in I think it was unit two, but your mindset of resourcefulness versus resources, when resources shift, it's a question. It's not a question of scarcity of resources, but how resourceful can you be? And it's also why way headspace is so important during this time. So in my opinion, there are a lot of opportunities that you can serve your donors and supporters during this time, and may require some pivoting and some changing, but if you can create alignment with them, there's there is a lot of opportunity to do that. From a practical standpoint. There is been, been hearing from the leaders of some of the top agencies in in the digital marketing space, that Facebook, Facebook costs are the lowest that they've been in six years. I suspect it's because of two things. One is there's over a 70% increase of platform usage. But then also, there have been major players have been dropping out, which is, which is reduced competitiveness. And so if your organization hasn't budgeted for Facebook, there's certainly, there certainly is opportunity for that. If you're a small organization, I do not encourage you to start there. There's better places for you to for you to start than than there. But if you're a larger organization and you have some capacity for that, keep that in mind. Also considering doing a more in depth training about how, about how to do that, some some basic things that you need to understand about engaging on social media and and how you can increase engagement and continually lower your advertising spend while you're doing that. So if there's interest in that, let me know in the comments, and I'm certainly happy to to explore making that training available as well. Also side note with the digital spend is interesting that Amazon has dropped advertising spend from from Google AdWords, and so there's there have been major unexpected shifts in in the online space, and it's going to continue happening, as far as fundraising, as far as virtual fundraising ideas. There are a couple of interesting ideas that I've come across. One of them is actually training in the in the course. One of them is the virtual 5k and so basically the content of virtual 5k is, is doing a 5k but, but everybody does it independently. And rather than competing based on time, you actually compete based on best photo or based, you know, social media exposure. It can be anywhere from a really simple, simple experience, which you could probably launch in, you know, maybe as little as a week or two, to more complex with more, you know, better sport keeping and better, you know, better point system and getting people, mailing people shirts, and those types of things. And obviously you're going to need a lot more time to pull that one off, because you need to, you need to be able to get all the registrations before you can, you can get the shirts send out. There's, there's a possibility to, I haven't really looked deeply into this, but there's a possibility that you could do something with like a bonfire campaign or something like that, where, where they buy the shirt, and they're automatically registered, and so you use another phone company to get the shirts shipped to them. Basically, what else you do is, is get you I can get somebody else to do fulfillment for you so that you don't have to. So that's, that's a that's something interesting that I've seen, and there's, there's actually a Google doc in the unit section of the Facebook group that you're more than welcome to check out and ask any questions that you have about that other thoughts too, which is just, you know, one of the things that's always important when working with people is, is what's going on in their life. And there's a lot of people who are who are from home, who are at home, who have kids running around, who've got other things like that. And so if there's a way that you can kind of tie your organization to activities. Your mission to activities that that can engage the kids who are home, that that's another great way to do it. So you could do something as simple as a free offer for maybe it's a coloring book. Maybe it's an activity book that they can print off and then just have a soft appeal on the thank you page. Which that might be an option. I've seen other organizations doing, doing kind of live Q and A, partnering with with, partnering with other organizations that normally do kind of your in, in person, types of workshops for kids, and doing live streams with them. So this not only helps the organization that, I mean,

Matthias Miller  10:24
it's great visibility for an organization that you know, for local business, or whatever it is that's that's struggling, because they're closing down their in person events, and it can give visibility to them. It can also give visibility to you as an organization, because it allows you to it creates opportunity on social media for engagement. So of course, you need, you know, like, like, like, everything. You need to make sure you you find great alignment in what you're doing that aligns with with where you're at your as an organization, and also that you know, if you're partnering with somebody else to do it, that that partnership makes sense to them as well. But that's another idea that I've seen, something else that I've seen, seen happening a lot, which I would be very interested in. Knowing how this would work as a fundraising event. I haven't actually heard of anybody yet. Well, I've heard of some things like this. Have not heard direct response and feedback from this, but doing private, private dinner parties. So, so basically, everybody gets on a zoom call and share different things that they've, you know, shares what they've made for for dinner, and there's some icebreaker questions and some and some things like that. And, you know, especially for if you've got certain types of certain certain types of donors that you want to bring together during this time, and maybe it's maybe some of your most, most faithful supporters. I don't know exactly what that could look like, but that can be an interesting, interesting option as well.

Matthias Miller  12:02
And certainly there have been a lot of people who've done virtual reality and those types of things. I don't have a lot of a lot of details on that some so another way to kind of go virtual is, is, again, kind of depends on your organization, but there are definitely organizations that are moving to doing virtual events. And so basically the idea is you take a stage and let me see. So there's a couple ways you can do it, but basically, you can mock up a stage, and you can do your entire performance on on the stage, live stream it to to your people, to your supporters, and have that be as you know how to be your virtual event. There's I spoke with an organization a little over a week ago who was doing that for a concert that they were putting on. And so they're going to make the concert available digitally for their supporters. There's there's more detail in the in the Facebook group on that, and I just, just this morning, I updated that that description with a lot more, with a lot more tools and a lot more details about what types of software and hardware that you want to use for that you can go anywhere from as simple as a phone and tripod to getting more sophisticated audio and video controls for that. So once again, any questions they're happy to cover. We are doing a training tomorrow night on virtual summits. So if you're wanting to do, if you're doing kind of kind of training events where you want to get breakout sessions and those types of things going, then that's a great that's great way to do it. So Matt, if you're interested, we promote you to panelists, and I would love for you to chat about I'd love for you to share a little bit about what you guys have done with digital courses. If you have any details about about platforms that you, that you've used, or anything like that. Let me know if, if you're willing to do that, just unmute yourself and and maybe show up on your video. Okay, let me unmute here. Can you hear me? Yep. Let me clear. Awesome.

Speaker 1  14:37
Now see if you can see if you can see me, unfortunately, unfortunate for you could, probably can. But yeah, what we've I've actually done a lot of research into the digital platform education plan I was in the classroom as a teacher. It was kind of a novel thing to do the flipped classroom. I use Google classroom because it's available. Multiple educators at that point, and kind of cut my teeth on that, and really kind of fell in love with just the idea we, we married that with in, you know, in person, lecture and those sorts of things. But right now, the crucible is fire. We, we've jumped on to teachable I've tried Padilla. I've tried a couple of other ones, Kajabi and just some other ones are a lot more expensive, but we've got a course line that's out right now that we, for the time being, they're actually free. I'm really interested in the fundraising aspects of the call, but and we're offering those out for right now for free, but I have found it so intuitive. It's really easy. A lot of drag and drop, lots of videos on their site with how to use their product, very easy to get people on board. They look professional, and it's relatively inexpensive. I mean, they have a free version where I kind of get the course developed and then get it ready to go. It's about $40 a month, which is pretty inexpensive, and you can host a ton of courses, and I believe that might even be unlimited students, I think. But of course, they have different ratcheted up things, and you can do drip content and those sorts of things which we've not utilized. We just kind of put it together and roll them out as we go. But had a lot of great feedback. I think we've got 40 or 50 students that have gone through our Bible study material. But for us, it's been an I was telling someone this morning, literally, I have this really strange skill set, you know, computer and it being a pastor and an elder education, even into the in manufacturing at one point in time, in the flavor industry, just this weird skill set that I don't really know how I fit anywhere, but it feels like I was kind of like, oh, this is my whole life has been prepared for this jumping virtually. I know at our at our church, they literally, second week of January brought me on as the director of technology to help get us online, do live streams and that stuff. And then, you know, Corona hits, and so we literally are a 100% digitally based outfit just for the church that I serve, leveraging some of those same technologies from teachable and we've got a school up there for the the church. One of the things that we're we're learning is training that we used to do, you know, have a Saturday morning training for children's workers or whatever, or even just bringing on volunteers. The TeachAble platform has been excellent. I mean, just throw a camera up, get you some video teaching done. You can disseminate files. It's been really good for us to be able to do that. And now, of course, with Facebook and Facebook ads, we're able to reach, you know, just untold numbers of people with the same material. I don't know if that's what you were looking for, but that's kind of what we're doing. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:47
I think it is. I'm curious here if anybody, if anybody here, has any questions for Matt. I think it's worth noting that during this time, people have a lot of time on their hands. And if you are in the if there is any kind of knowledge brokering that you can do, any classes, any trainings, anything like that, there is a lot of opportunity for that. And I know that there are people, you know, there's certainly some people who are, depending what industry you're in, their their incomes really volatile. But there's, there's other people who are working for for large organizations, and they're getting paid time off, and so they still have their disposable income for those types of things, right? And I also like what you brought out about having, having it as kind of onboarding training for for working virtually. I think that's, I think I might have talked about this in the in the other training but, but two thoughts on that. First of all, using something like using a tool like loom really, really allows you to quickly do if you're training on some kind of virtual, virtual types of, types of events, or, I'm sorry if you're if you're doing training on the tech side of things, using loom or some kind of screen, or screen recorder, can be a great tool that you can upload those videos then directly into into teachable as well. And it can be a great way to get get people up to speed. I remember one of the questions from a little over a week ago was, how do you get the less tech savvy population kind of on board? And I think that would be a great answer that, because you can walk them through step by step, and they can literally see what it takes. So I am not seeing any more questions on that. I think that's, that's, that's basically what I was looking for. So appreciate that. And I can make you disappear so that you can, there you go. That works, alright? So, so that's a little bit on, on, on that side of things. If, again, if you guys have any kind of types of questions, very I'd be. More than if you get to have more specifics that you want to dive into. That's really what I'm looking for here, specific questions, specific challenges on that there was, there were a number of questions on the virtual, on the virtual side of things. And we covered, I tried to cover a good bit in the in the training that we did, so I'm not sure if, yeah, not, not sure exactly what else people are looking for. Here's another question. One of the questions was, what if you're an organization that, what if you're working for an organization, organization and your uplines? Don't really believe in the need to go virtual, or the need to prepare to go virtual. I don't, I don't really have any kind of, I mean, there's kind of two questions embedded in that. One is, one is, how do you lead up? And I think, I think I think that can be a challenge because, because, in my experience, there are people who are willing to be, to be led from from people who are below them, in the in the hierarchy, and there are people who are not willing to do that. And if you're fortunate enough to be in the former, then I think your Pathways is fairly clear. If you're in the latter, I think, I think you have to understand that, that you can work to influence. You can you can share ideas, but at the end of the day, you can't, you can't manipulate other people to I mean, you're limited in they're making decisions. You're not making their decisions. And you have to be, you have to understand that and be and be aware of that just the practical standpoint from from persuasion. One of the most important tools of persuasion is not actually, is not actually getting somebody else to change their mind, but understanding what other people actually want, and how you and and how you align with what they what they already want. Matt says, leading up this morning, being faithful where you are. And that's exactly right, you gain influences to continue to serve. So you know, in situations that I've been in where, where I've seen people making, making what seem to be really foolish decisions. I had to come to an understanding that, that there's a stewardship that I have of my life, that I am responsible for the choices that I make and and ultimately, at the end of the day, I can't carry the responsibility of decisions other people are making. So that's been, that's definitely been a big thing for myself, and it's been, yeah, it's been really helpful for me in navigating some some of those types of situations. Now, having said that, the people there's, there's a practical side of this, I really do believe that organizations that do not make the pivot during this time are unnecessarily putting themselves into jeopardy. There's some organizations that have deep enough, deep enough pockets and are well, well enough entrenched that it's going to impact them less negatively than other organizations. But especially if you're a small organization, this can be a really big blow to your organization into your mission. And so I think it's it would be well worth paying attention. Sorry, my Q and A disappeared. I just saw it. Now, how relevant are phone calls during this time? And I would love to hear any feedback that other people have on this. You hear a lot of talk about calling up your donors by phone and checking on them. Is that something that we should be doing? So, so I can't tell you from the only, the only place I can answer, answer that one from is from instinct. I don't really have any great, great actual, actual feedback. I've, I have gotten feedback from from people who have who have done soft appeals and have had people being super, super responsive during this time. So jumping back to what I said earlier, about kind of mindset is you have to understand that. You have to give them the opportunity checking out donors. I mean, I think it's also good to recognize that, especially depending where your donors live, they have a lot of extra time on their hands. And and so they're probably going to be, there's a lot of people that are much more reachable now than they would, than they've ever been, probably. And so just, just from, from my instinct there, I would say, well, here's what I would say you have to weigh out, what, what? What are your fundraising goals? What's like? What are you What are you trying to accomplish? And in light of that, you need to prioritize it, if, if, if there's not a lot of other things. Well, yeah, you just have to do that. I mean, is this better than the. In a an email appeal for your organization. I can't really tell you that it's better than a than a direct mail appeal. I can't really tell you that. But if you're looking, if you're looking to, if you're looking to reach out and connect with with donors or potential donors that I would expect to, yeah, I think it'd be a great thing to do. That's my opinion. But I would love to hear feedback from people who've actually been trying and doing it.

Matthias Miller  25:36
Other questions, other virtual fundraising events. I mean, there's, there's a lot of material in the group, so the group. So if there's, there are any, any kind of specific questions in there, I would love to, I'm happy to answer them. Let me see if you know, I

Matthias Miller  26:02
think what we're going to do is we're going to see if we can do this. Ask Me Anything again later this week, and we're going to see if I can get it maybe on Thursday sometime, and we're going to see if we can send that emails to people as reminders, and see if we can increase the level of attendance on this one. I'm curious to hear from any of you, if, I mean, if any of you have gone through any of the material on the courses that's been helpful for you, that's that would be great feedback for me as well. And feel free to post any courses in the group. So there's that. And if there's no other questions, then there's not a whole lot of reason for me to keep talking

Matthias Miller  26:55
Cool. All right. Well, let me know. Let me know if there's any of any of these additional trainings that you're interested in. We're doing a training tomorrow night on virtual summits, which can be a way to really network with other influencers, and again, with the state that this one is in. It kind of depends on where the influencer is, but if they're a speaker, for sure, they're normally speaking on stages, there's some great opportunities to pull some of them in, because they are looking for ways to get exposure and to continue, you know, continue building their speaking, speaking business. So that's it. Appreciate you guys. Feel free to once again, feel free to drop any questions in the Facebook group or message, message us. We're absolutely happy to help. So thank you. Thank you guys. Applause.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai