Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey, Jonathan, so I did something similar for the movement maker challenge. Mine was a little different, because I was training kind of alongside Pedro, doing some kind of nonprofit. There's some like specific training to my who, which, as I did it, I could have done it a lot better, one of the I guess so if, if using what I learned from that and and what I did, one of the ways you can approach this is having an email opt in, having a landing your own landing page on click funnels and hey, I can't say, see who hopped on live. I don't know if that's you randomly. I'm sorry, Jonathan or not. I'm calling you by your by your last name. Should have done this the other way. Let me see I can get my comments here. Yeah, I don't know anyway, so so lost my train of thought. So, so having an opt in on the on the on your own, have your own landing page with the opt in. And probably what I would do is say something like, I'm building this community of like, my who and like, maybe even offer them an incentive, like Rick mentioned on your post, to opt in, and then also give them, like, explain clearly, like, what it is that that they'll have an opportunity to do after they sign up. So I may have so you know, if you sign up, like, you know, call it, call it your who, if you sign up, I'm going to offer you this, and once you sign up, you'll have the opportunity to engage in this, the Rainmaker challenge. And, you know, I've been working with Steven, this is what he can do for you. This is completely optional, but I think you find it very valuable. And, you know, fill in the blank, whatever, however you want to phrase that, however you want to do that. And that's, that's kind of how you can build both, both lists. One of the things you can do then as well is you can monitor if, if he has an affiliate dashboard, you can monitor how many people signed up in under his kind of his affiliate account, and how many people signed up under you have on your mailing list. And if people aren't signing up, you can continue going through and you um, you can continue going through and sending them more emails, providing more value and all that stuff to your own email list, encouraging them to sign up for for the Rainmaker challenge as well. So that's a simple way to do it, or a fairly simple way to do it. The other way that you could theoretically do it if Steven actually wants to do this with you, it's probably less transparent with you, your who is sharing if he wants to share emails back to you, but, but for sure, getting that front landing page is kind of the clearest from the from the WHO standpoint, that they really understand what's going on, what's your relationship with Steven, who's preventing the training, and yet, what's your part of the story in terms of kind of building out value for your group? So anyway, just some thoughts for you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai