Matthias Miller  00:02
So on Friday afternoon here, some of you guys, it's already like said and done. You guys are just signed off for the week. But I wanted to hop in and share something that I've really been thinking about today, and that's that's simply this is, is this whole thing of being willing to be challenged and challenged in the right ways? One of the things that, hi guys, one of the things that that I really was hit with today is is we all need to be challenged, but we also need to be challenged by the right people. And I think, I think sometimes I know in the past, in the attempt to be teachable, one of the things that I've done is I've taken advice from everybody, instead of choosing to take advice from the right people. And I know that one of the one of the valuable things in the the growth journey that I'm on is is level, leveling up the level of discernment to understand who are the people that I need to need to take advice from and to be challenged by, and who are the people that whose opinion and voices really don't matter. There were, yeah, I've had multiple meetings today working through, Hey Jeremy, multiple people working working through some some challenging situations, different people's advice. In fact, probably having another one, another conversation like that, getting advice on challenging situations that I'm working through. Because this is life, this is growth, and allowing them to speak into it, and allowing them to challenge me, and allowing me to really work through kind of the deeper heart issues that are required to get the heart and and mind issues that are required to get to the level of leadership that I want to, that I want to be at, and that I want to play at. So I want to, I want to encourage you that the quality of your life really comes down to the level of, first of all, the level of advice that you're willing to accept and what you're in the price you're willing to pay for that advice, and then also your willingness to accept and your willingness to lay your own pride aside and your own determination and your own certainty about the path forward, and lay that aside and have your best interest in mind and and and learn from them. So that's one of the things that I just wanted to to share, that kind of a sneak peek into my day. Uh, one of the things I've been thinking about. And just want to encourage you, encourage you with that. And I know we're signing off for the weekend, so encourage you guys to disconnect from from work, if you guys are in the middle of work and take the chance to recharge and reconnect and have and come right back at it. Monday, fresh, fresh and ready to go take care of you guys. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai