Matthias Miller  00:06
All right, I think it is getting fired up now, and we are going to keep my eye on it, see if we are rolling over here and meanwhile. Happy Happy Monday to all of you guys who are listening in. If you guys saw my post earlier that we're going to be here. Hey, Brad, good to see you. Feel free to drop a drop a comment. Let me know you're here. Hashtag, live, hashtag replay. And feel free to engage with us. Drop some questions in the comments. Let us know. Let us know what's going on. So I'm here with Ian. Ian is one of our advisors on the on our software projects, and wanted to talk a little bit today Ian about some things that I've been seeing emerge in terms of structure and structure and systems, and one of the things that that that I've seen this so I'm probably just going to, like, dive in and kind of quasi rant for a little bit sure, because we've had a full transparency we've had we love when our when our projects go right. We've had some projects that didn't meet our expectations. So truth telling here, and one of the things that we've that we look for in those types of situations are, what are things that we can learn? And there's lessons that are buried, buried everywhere, if we're willing to take a look and to listen. But I want to talk today, and I want to tie all of this stuff. Back to the reason why you may be spinning your wheels or burning out drowning and drowning in work. And typically, there tends to be people. You know, we love to categorize people. People love to categorize people. They love to put labels on people. But so if you want to categorize people, people tend to fall in one or two camps. Either it's the like, the the the no systems. I don't have any systems. My business is, I'm is I'm drowning, I can't, I can't survive, and everything's total chaos. Or you have people on the other side, where it's it's highly structured, it's highly organized, and everything's like, like, everything seems to be dialed in. And each of these has a each of these sides has the benefit to it. Each of it has a downside. The benefit of not having systems is actually, it's actually quite helpful where, when your business is in an embryonic stage, having minimalistic systems actually creates the opportunity for it prevents you from losing touch with reality. Once, as your business grows, once you have, once you have that momentum rolling, creating the systems in that structure is super, super helpful to create, create that consistency and and start eliminating a lot of the overwhelm that comes with the growing business. One of the things that I like to propose to you, as you know, as we're looking at, as we're looking at building out software systems and and those types of things, is that it presupposes a certain type of mindset within the business and, and I think, I think many times there's this kind of mindset around, like, like a systems mindset, but I think you can elevate that one step further to actually having a systems building mindset, in other words. And so maybe this is too abstract, and I might have to kind of make it more more concrete, but, but in your business, you're not just looking to set up systems. You're looking to set up to build a team of system builders. You don't want people who are actually living within the system. You want people who are who are operating the system, tweaking the system, making it better, improving it, and because of what the system actually does, are experiencing the benefits of what's of what's happening. And this is isn't just the responsibility of the business owner, but if you really want to create the the leverage with your team, this actually becomes a culture that you have within your business. I think we see this, this issue with with people using software. Sometimes people, people, you know that they're looking to use, maybe looking to use retail software, and they resist actually using the software, because it feels so confining, and their business is already so unstructured. So demand them to put some kind of structure in place. Maybe, maybe where you're at in your business. It doesn't even make sense to do that, because there isn't you haven't created that level, or you're not at a stage where it makes sense to have that level of structure. Yet, on the other side, you have people using these and it imposes such a high level of structure on your business. Right, but it's the wrong structure that ends up stifling like what you're actually trying to accomplish. And we actually see this quite a bit in the people that we work with that they have, they have some kind of it's not that they don't have structure. It's, it's the structure doesn't even align with reality and or with what reality needs to be. So I'm just gonna get a little philosophical more, a little little bit more of the kind of the philosophical side before we we dive deeper into kind of what this looks like, practically with software. But my observation is that creating too much structure too early in the stages of a business creates tunnel vision and and there's a, there's a, what ends up happening is that structure, that the structure that you create, doesn't necessarily conform with reality. And so you end up going going down this path, and you find yourself constantly fighting reality because, because your structure is leading, leading you down this path, and you have to have that ability to to relent, allow a slightly higher lack of structure. Yes, you need direction, but a slightly higher like, like less structure, and allow yourself to align with with reality, if you wait, if you go down this, this path, you find an avenue that's working great for your business. And from, again, most of the businesses that we work with, there's, there's a very clear avenue that that that works. It's most of the business that we work with aren't necessarily pursuing some kind of innovative business path. But if you, if you're pursuing your reality, you create alignment with your clients. You You've, you've built your team. You have the structure that works. If you wait too long to create that structure, you'll, you'll end up diluting your focus. You'll end up creating inconsistency, like just all of the problems, chaos. You'll, you'll have too much chaos in your business, more than what's actually manageable. And that's when you start seeing the overwhelm. So one of the one of the points I want to make is that, is that first of all, the purpose of all systems are to conform with reality, or conform with the maybe even conform with the ideal reality. But second of all, it's not just a matter of if you need systems. It's a matter of what are the right systems, and what is the right level of systems that you need in your business for where you're at. And if you imagine it a little bit like knobs and dials on a I'm envisioning, like, some kind of like, I think might have used this example earlier. So hopefully this isn't, you know, redundant, but like, but like, like, knobs and dials to get the right right amount of flame, the right color of flame for the point where you're at in your business. It's much the same way with the level of systems and structure that you create in your business is turning the dial to the right level, so that for where you're at, you have the right level of systems and structures and the right kind of them to get you to the next stage. And if you have, if you go on either side of that, then you end up either, either creating too much chaos, or you end up creating, actually stifling the creative and exploratory phase that your business needs. That just depends on where you're at with the people that we work with, if you, if you some people are like, way on the structure side, and we end up kind of pushing them back from saying, Look, you don't actually need quite this much structure. Let's, let's create limited amounts of structure in the system that we're rolling out. Other people, we actually end up encouraging them to create more structure than what they would actually create. So jumping back to the beginning of our conversation, when we talking about a software project that didn't meet the objectives that we were hoping for, one of the big lessons from that was that our client was actually prematurely creating structure, and we were not aware of a where we weren't aware enough of that early in the process to catch it and stop them and put the brakes on it and saying and basically telling them, Look, what you guys are needing right now is not structure. You're needing a path of clarity of what reality actually looks like for you guys, what actually needs to be done, what's the actual, what's, what's the actual outcome that you're after, and based on that, we can create that kind of structure. So that's the philosophical side. And I wanted to take the, maybe take the rest of of the call to like, like, let's get this out of just abstract thinking to practical daily. What does this actually look like for for business owners? So Ian, I will, yeah, curious to hear your thoughts. Sure.

Ian Miller  10:01
Yeah, Matthias says is really good. I love how you you describe those two dishes that we can fall into. And as I think about my tendency, my tendency can often be create more structure, rather than less. One thing though, that I think has been that I've seen over the years in developing structures is an excuse the background music. I'm out here on a walk and the neighbors are blaring their music. But anyway, when you're thinking about when I'm thinking about structure in my own life, something that I found helpful is rather than creating the structure and then carrying out the task, I found it's helpful to first carry out the task multiple times and in different scenarios, first to see What is, what are the repeating variables, or what is happening here time after time that can then be developed into a system or a structure. And it's interesting to see that what I think is the piece that needs systematized sometimes isn't the piece that is the most time saving. Maybe there's something else that comes up that will actually be the 8020 in other words, what's worth my time developing into a system at that time? And so I think I would my my number one encouragement to people looking at, how do I develop systems that fit my business, how do I develop systems that are not too overdone and not too little? Structure is to first and to look at your business, to look at whatever piece it is that you feel is the bottleneck, and to look at what are the repeating or the recurring things happening across across events, across jobs, across whatever it is that you're wanting to systematize and then finding ways to focus on the bottleneck rather than building a system, just To build a system.

Matthias Miller  12:18
Yeah, for sure. I think, I think with that, there is this, this, well, when you understand that every time you go do something, you're forming certain habits of how you do it. There's a certain, certain things that that you do that's just how you do it. And there's one piece of it that is that is really as simple as just extracting what those habits are, or those things that you look for, that you think about, that you that you do, that you try not to forget, that happens on it on every single time. What you mentioned reminds me of kind of a rule that we have in software, which is the kind of it's it's called, it's called the rule of three, which is many times before we actually build a generic component. It's helpful to build it three different times and and so once, once you have something that's worked effectively for in three different situations, then you're actually able to identify the commonalities and create a create something that works for everybody. I mean, the example would be, let's say we're building a vehicle, and you have a carpenter who wants to take his ladder along, and you have a carpet cleaner who has all the equipment that that he needs, and you've got a tax accountant who's who's taking her files with her from one place to the other, whatever it is, if you, if you design something immediately, just for the person who needs to carry, you know, take a ladder from one place to the next you want it with a with a vehicle that has very limited utility and but if you actually start looking at the different, you know, the different things that actually happen with the actual, what's actually really going on. You know, more specifically, if you want to actually apply it to a business, is when you're working with when you're doing an estimate. If you simply look at how you do an estimate for one customer, you'll end up missing some things, but, but as you look at how you do different types of estimates, different types of customers, different types of jobs, and start to consolidate that so that 80% of what you do all goes down the same the same pathway, the same track, and all of the exceptions, the exceptions really, truly are exceptions. And it's that once a year, I do something for somebody, and it works completely differently. That's that's where you start getting into into actually being able to create systems that that match reality, but also aren't so heavy and burdensome and cumbersome to be impossible.

Ian Miller  15:25
Yeah, I was just, I was just struck by what you said little earlier. Matthias, thought you said it so well that we're not looking to build systems as much as system builders in our company is that's basically how you said it, right? So I would sometimes find it interesting to hear from you. I think one of your sweet spots is and one of the things you're passionate about is culture at an organization. And I guess I'm just curious, if you have any thoughts you've done so well at looking at, how can we keep building systems as a company grows, and so what have you done here in the company to build a culture of system builders?

Matthias Miller  16:21
That's a great question. I know there's some things I haven't done. I feel like I haven't done enough of you tell me I've done a good job. So I'll take that as a I'll take that as a compliment. I do think it's you know, when you when you talk about that, it's easy for me to say, well, I should be talking more about it. We should be having more conversations about it. But I think one of the things that I have done is is both modeled and encouraged other people and ask for other people's help in actually building out systems. Simple example, I mean, there was, there was a project I was working on last week that requires some that that requires some ongoing, kind of repetitive work related to it and but it also required some figuring out on the front end of what this is exactly going to look like. So I did that. I did the figuring out on the front end. Figured out what's what's actually going to work to be able to make this work. And then spend about probably ended up spending about 30 minutes two and a half to an hour sitting down and meticulously, step by step, like detailing the process of what exactly needs to happen. And I think I probably one of the worst people to gage what I've actually done, because I kind of have a distorted perspective. But I know one of the things, one of the things I've tried to be intentional about, is just embracing a value for systems. It doesn't mean that having a value for systems doesn't necessarily mean that you naturally create systems, or that you naturally build systems around you. It just means that you have a value for them. You see the benefit. So that's piece number one, piece number two. Then I think is it really comes down to this core belief that that systems have to be created with people in mind. And I think one of the reasons why systems have worked in our culture and our business is simply because of that value, the systems that we end up creating are extremely congruent, not just to the task that's being done, but to the person that's doing them. And so when you have systems that are that congruent, I just, I just, sometimes I hear stories of and I know I've done this, I've done this to myself, probably more than anybody else, actually, so just, I'll just point it at myself, but I have in the past, started to create systems for myself that ended up stifling me, and were were almost impossible to follow through On, and I've really were to flip that around to not just for myself, but for the people around me. When systems are deeply congruent with who the person is created to be and the task at hand, there's a much higher buy in. There's it's like people are actually excited about the system, because the system actually helps them. It allows the system, it allows them to be more free, to be themselves. A lot of the negativity that I see around systems comes from systems that are poorly suited to the task, or at least poorly suited to the people, and either the work doesn't end up getting done or the people end up many times actually ended up, end up suffering quite deeply on a physical, mental and even even emotional level, because because of it, I don't

Matthias Miller  19:57
know if that answers your question. Yeah,

Ian Miller  19:59
no, I. That's well put, and it makes me think of an analogy. Systems are like tools, and so sending someone out on on a job with tools made for the job are going to make them so much more effective. And if you send them out with a power tool to pull out the weeds in the garden. That's not going to be a good fit. But if you send someone out to mow, mow the yard with with some scissors, that's not going to work either. So think or matching the tools with with the job at hand. And like you said, matching them with the way the person functions is, yeah, that's great, yeah.

Matthias Miller  20:44
I think sometimes the challenge that we Hey, Greg, not sure if you're still on, but, but glad you're jumping on and joining us. You got I think sometimes the challenge that we face with what we do, we'll see if this makes it into a Facebook post. But actually had three people call me out in in within like, an eight hour time time period, telling me that that I'm too abstract with, with what I talk about and and I think the challenge that we face many times in in looking at systems and working with with systems is that there's some really practical ways of what this looks like. It's easy to imagine a hammer and to understand what a hammer does, and a system can be just as simple as that. It can be as simple as how somebody organizes their tools. It can be as simple as literally, the piece of paper that they fill out or the form that they fill out on their software, or the like, like, that's the sometimes, okay, because you and I, like, we work in systems all the time. It's what we do. It's we live and breathe. It like our business is built around building systems. We do sometimes geek out over over those things, but there are some really practical pieces to it, which are those pieces of being able to click into, into the software, being able to see, see, I mean simple things like the customer list, simple things like, like customized order entry, simple things like reporting and and being able to, Again, I say this simple, as in, but, but like, like, simple, but highly valuable, being able to understand, like, being able to manage, from, you know, say, from a manufacturing standpoint, being able to manage scheduling, being able to manage manage demand and capacity, being able to track and manage costs. Like, there's very specific reports, tools, those types of things that get, get pulled in with these systems. Yeah, so I'm not sure exactly how to how to cover all of that without, without taking a lot more time than what we have, but those are some practical things. Yeah,

Ian Miller  23:06
yeah. I think you pointed out one of the challenges of talking in concrete form and concrete terms about software is that our software systems processes is that systems and processes is basically the same thing as saying tools, and if you don't know what, if you don't have a specific tool to be talking about, and it's kind of hard to explain how, how you use tools. I don't know. I was just thinking of one very tangible system that we use in our company. Would it be helpful if I just briefly explain how we use one of the tools in our one of the systems in our company. Sure, I'm just thinking specifically of our daily check in and our daily check in, the primary purpose is just so we know what each other is up to, where we work remotely, which I'm sure a lot of you out there have experienced over the last nine months. And so one of the challenges is like, wow, what's my team doing each day? And for the for me to feel like, Oh, my team doesn't even know what I'm doing can sort of be demoralizing. So each day, we're just simply filling out a form that's just saying what we did that day, and any challenges we face, any bottlenecks we we face, how our other team members could help us, and what we're planning to do tomorrow. And so when we fill out that form, we're maybe not filling out every single field. Maybe we don't have anything to list the bottlenecks or ways that our team members can help us, or just clicking a button filling out this form, hitting send, and it's sending out an email to our whole team. The thing about the system is that it's the same form every single day, same fields every single day. It's not like I'm sitting down and trying to figure out, okay, what do I need to send in my email? To to my teammates today. It saves that time of trying to figure out, what do I say, and it just simply has the fields that I'm filling in, and that's where the time saving mechanism, mechanism is. It's the exact same information that I'm sharing each day, and it's the tool that I'm using to submit that which every day may be saving me two minutes, but that adds up each week and 10 minutes each week across 52 weeks. Right there we have 505 120 minutes each each year. And so when you look at time saving tools, you might be looking at literally minutes each day, but the purpose of a system is that, over time, it's saving you a significant amount of time and creating structure that allows you to take away the having to decide for small things that you don't need to make decisions about each day. Yeah, that's exactly

Matthias Miller  25:58
right. It's well said. One of the ways that I imagine ourselves is us following you around for a day, not in a creepy or stocky way, but following you around and helping you, like, watching what you do, what do you do on a day to day basis, and what are ways that we can, we can help you with that. As a business owner. The reason why that's so important is because you were, you can, well, some people say that, that people talk about time not being, time being a non renewable resource. And there's certainly an element. I mean, there's, there's certainly a reality in that. But mental capacity ends up often, oftentimes being a constraint for business owners. There's so much stuff that's going on in their head that they're not able to to spend much, if any, time thinking strategically, going on just a little bit of a of a rabbit trail. He'll be here. But one of the reasons why it's important to take time off and not to not to always be actively working in the business is because it creates that space for you to disengage and start thinking about what it is that you're actually doing. If you have, you know, in your business, if you're running your business, and suddenly and suddenly, you have this you come across this opportunity, but your mind is so caught up in like making sure that the next the next project gets done, making sure that all of the 100 to one things get done, you may Not even have the mental bandwidth to recognize the opportunity that's sitting right in front of you. So it's one thing. It's one thing saving time for for employees, which is absolutely, again, it's absolutely critical that they as well, have time to think about not just do their work, but think about how they're doing their work, but how much more for you as a business owner, when you're like, Yeah, especially in a year like this past year, has been that that critical mental space has been more valuable than It than than ever. So cool, good, great example. Alright, well, we sounds good. So for those of you guys watching live, watching the replay, thanks for you guys who hopped on live, and we do these every week. We'll see once if we get get to next week because of the holidays, but we've been doing these every Monday afternoon, we'll post reminders for you guys. If you have any kind of questions, things you want us to address, questions you've got for us, shoot me a shoot me a message or drop a comment. And meanwhile, want to wish all of you guys a a Merry Christmas, a Happy New Year. Maybe the last these, these last two weeks of 2020, be, I don't know. I'm hoping they're, they're going to be some of the best weeks of of your year yet. So any closing comments, Dean,

Ian Miller  29:16
yeah, no, I wish you the same happy or Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. And I think this is a crucial time when people think of the next year, thinking about, how can I have a better 2021, I think one simple way is to think of at least one thing in your life, that in your personal life, even what would be one thing that would make my life simpler and that would save headspace so I can focus on what's more important in my life. I think that could be a game changer for you.

Matthias Miller  29:51
Awesome. I love it. Cool. Appreciate it. Ian. Appreciate all you guys watching and. We'll catch you guys next time.

Unknown Speaker  30:01
Yep, we'll see ya bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai