Matthias Miller  03:06
So the first course is going to basically be or the first few hours is basically. If you can hear me. yes, I can hear you. Can you hear me? Yes, all right, all right. Not bad, okay. What is new for you? Well, mostly just trying to, I don't know, trying to train to keep my head screwed on straight, and I'm flying out. I have a 1am Flight. My wife had an engagement this evening, and so in order to make things work, I'm taking a red eye to the seminar. Oh, wow. So we'll see how that works. And the seminar is this, have anything to do with round table? Uh, no, it's Perry's annual seminar is equity. It's on it's it's called the equity 2.0 seminar, okay, I'm curious what your expectations are. What are you hoping to learn? Uh, I consider this somewhat as well. Somewhere around I consider this largely to be a put energy in my tank, get big picture perspective for the state of the world over the next three to five years, and build relationships and beyond that, I don't just have a ton of expectations for it. Okay, that's not a bad not a bad value prop. He let me see if I can send this. A roadmap, five year plan for what parts of your business are AI proof, and which ones are going to be obliterated, and how to position yourself. And I think it's, I think, I think the I think implications for AI is probably and speed of utilization is probably one of the biggest concerns I have about, okay, doing an agency in particular. Yep, and anyway, so that's, that's one of the things that's on the agenda. Then, I haven't heard who all. I mean, there's going to be stuff like Shannon Stewart for tax strategy and other types of wealth. Wealth building. The the founder of Keith, is going to be there. Interesting. He basically walked away with zero.

Speaker 1  06:03
Are you meaning when they went with Infusionsoft? Or what do you mean that

Matthias Miller  06:09
went okay, so Infusionsoft the key, and between all the investments and obligations that he had by the time they got got to the sale, point of sale. They got basically enough to liquidate their their outside investor responsibilities, and he did not make any kind of like, it's no life changing money. That was part of that. I mean, obviously he was, I'm sure he was pulling an income all those years, but not, not through the actual sale.

Unknown Speaker  06:48
That's terrible. That's terrible.

Matthias Miller  06:51
So, you know, how do you avoid stuff like that? For myself, personally, also pretty interested in one of the topics is also around financing. Yeah. So very, very interested in, I don't know, I've been contemplating a lot about where, where it is I actually want to be, and it's probably one of the things I've been most conflicted on with the shed project, especially in the marketing side. And I think there's a lot of room to basically do everything I've been doing for these little shape companies. Well, do everything I have take all of my Well, a few observations before we get too deep into other stuff, whatever. But since we're going deep already, but the more heavily I double down on tech related stuff, the more money I make. I just have not had good success trying to persuade people. Like in a conversation with a friend of mine last night, and he's talking about a sales guy, and he's like, man, he's just a different breed. I'm like, Well, yeah, like, that's your sales guy career. And and it just feels like, it feels like there's a lot of persuasion that needs to happen for people to actually buy into the fact that you need to fix your sales. Yeah, you should actually care about your dealers and your sales teams. And and it's, it's and same with marketing, like constant marketing fiasco. So it's going to be, it's one of two things. One, it's Land of the land of the blind. One Eyed man is king. And maybe it really has dropped it simple, and you can look like a wild genius, and it's just a matter of time. Or and I hesitate to propose yet another switch or variation or whatever, but taking a dive into corporate consulting, Sam Woods has talked about how his he regret. He regretted jumping into the internet marketing world, mostly because everybody started ripping him off. Kind

Speaker 1  09:02
of put you on hold for one second. Yep, why in the car, but say again, but okay, but she had only it out. All right, that's fine. Sorry. Kid management, okay,

Matthias Miller  09:17
yep, and so he's and so I am only, I mean, I think it would take, it would take some effort, but I think it's only, I think it's primarily just, well, it is a lot of stuff. It is, it is a good bit of work, but moving more into corporate consulting types and types of gigs where I can utilize my tech background and a large amount of difference in a small amount of time, and have a nice lifestyle business that pays more than what I'm getting out of it now, and allow that to be the runway for whatever else ends up coming down the road. So part of me is part of me has knows I've put off the idea for long enough, and if it keeps. Coming back to me. I should they probably should be paying attention to it. But then the other part of me is like, one of the sure ways to make sure that you don't make any money is always jumping one thing to the next. So that's true.

Unknown Speaker  10:11
Oh yeah, yep. Okay. Well, any news from Burton?

Matthias Miller  10:21
I tried to call a call him today, and he didn't answer. So okay, I will. I'm gonna see if I can call him over the next few days. I don't know. I will let you know as soon as I know. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  10:38
The Perry seminar will keep you tied up for the rest of the week, I reckon,

Matthias Miller  10:42
flying home late Sunday night. So, okay, yeah, pretty much. And it's got evening sessions, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, so it'll be there'll be full days. Nice.

Unknown Speaker  11:02
Okay? How's it going with Micah?

Matthias Miller  11:07
Long story made short, probably not made too short, actually, but so I'll just make it making good progress on the SOP, I exported his Facebook stuff into a notebook. LM, which has been tremendously useful to be able just to search for answers and reference past conversations. Current compensation model is, if we're not involved in messaging, we don't get any any portion of it. Turns out that Micah is a true sales guy, and there's nothing process oriented or it's all about intuition and whim. And so he'll go turn on ads, and then he'll pick off some of the top customers, and we've we need to have a conversation with him. And basically, by the way, I am going to go through a dead spot here in probably 15 minutes,

Speaker 1  11:57
out for five minutes being out the Heritage Center, and our booth has to move, sorry. Matthias, give me one second. Okay, that's fine. So we're leaving, like, right now, okay, like, they just now told you that.

Speaker 1  12:13
Hilarious. Okay, yes, you can go. Can I go? I don't know how small me. It's a lot of people. One car. You taking them on? You going to go clean it up?

Speaker 1  12:32
Call here. Are you? Are you good taking all them? Good start and help me? Yeah. I help me, yeah, try, if not. Since somebody backed me, see you later. Sorry, I'm back. Oh,

Matthias Miller  12:51
good. So, so we'll run ads, you know, pick off the easy, the easy sales, and then we're left with follow up, which is the longer sales cycle. And we're also having trouble with him getting back to us in a timely manner and also communicating to us when he is or is not available. And so to me, it's a very simple matter. Well, I am learning to mature in my my communication, but it really is just a matter of having a conversation and saying, Can you get back to us. Can you communicate with us? And is there a way that we can set up compensation, that you're not just sniping leads and we actually have had a shot at making money. And if the answer to any of those is no, then Alright, fair enough, we got an SOP out of the deal, and unfortunately, a few grand later, with nothing to show for us. Doug used to wish you best of luck. That's

Speaker 1  13:44
too bad. Now, isn't he the fellow that was having some health issues or something, and was originally looking for some relief, like time and stress relief? Yeah. And is it just like he changed his mind or his health came back, or he doesn't want to let go?

Matthias Miller  14:00
I don't know what it is, okay. I think it's, well, I mean, I think it's, it's a little bit of like, when he's down, he's really down, and when he's not, he's in the game, and he made some sales, so he got excited, so I'm going to run ads, and I'm going to close him and and anyway, that's just we can't. We can't, yeah, I mean, it's just simple, we can't be the bottom of the barrel. Now, if we were running, you know, there is good news in this for you. He wants, he has a website that's mostly done. He needs help finishing it up. He wants to run a test on Google ads, and based on what we've seen, metal structures are inexpensive on Google ads. And so I don't know if there's any world in which you would be willing to take your grand and he would spend send a grand towards Google. I mean, we'd have to get you on a call with. Them and figure out what's what's required to wrap up the website. Is that something that's something you even want to look at? Is it something you would want to do? Yeah, but get you on a call with him, have him walk you through everything that needs to be done on the website, and then get ATP set up, I think, and I don't know, unless he pushes back on this, in which case, we can't really be involved. In the messaging side anyway. So, but if he, but if he does, or there's then, then we set up. I mean, I think at that point, then we can start seeing a look at setting up some very basic options to tf, kind TM,

Unknown Speaker  15:48
are you still able to hear me? I think you hit the bad spot.

Matthias Miller  15:53
I can hear you right now, and it might you might go

Speaker 1  15:56
out again. You're Yep, you're gone, then you're back. Little garbly.

Matthias Miller  16:01
Last thing you heard was

Unknown Speaker  16:05
you were talking about the fact that the ATP would be required for messaging,

Matthias Miller  16:14
right? And if we could do that, then we have aI tie ins and start building IP around AI messaging.

Speaker 1  16:24
I like it, yep. So, okay, well, sounds good. Is that still like one of andra's main priorities? His main

Matthias Miller  16:37
priority. We're coming up on a 30 day mark, and we're gonna have to make a decision whether we want to this conversation with conversation with him, and whether he's willing to change his behavior, is going to be a big determiner of whether or not we move ahead.

Speaker 1  16:52
So that's almost humorous to me. I have recently decided that the top number one trouble with business is people. It really is. You get all these plans and systems and opportunities and ideas, and it's always, always something, usually something very human. And

Matthias Miller  17:15
if it's not somebody

Unknown Speaker  17:17
else, it's me,

Matthias Miller  17:21
it's like the GK Chesterton journalism entry about on the topic of what's wrong with this world, to which he replies two words,

Speaker 1  17:30
I am yeah. There you go. There you go. Okay. Well, sounds good. Keep me posted. I get what was Jeremy's final wrap up, just like, No can do, I went off the bus and that's it, cornerstone,

Matthias Miller  17:48
yeah, I think so. I mean, I think, I think the way to get him back is to, is to build that lead nurture for Jason and go back to him and say, Hey, we have this nurture sequence. It's working really well. Can we get you back with it?

Unknown Speaker  17:59
I agree with that. Yeah, I do, yep.

Matthias Miller  18:02
So,

Unknown Speaker  18:06
okay, all right. Well, anything else, I

Matthias Miller  18:12
mean, I got, I got, you want to pick my brain about anything? I've got about an hour and a half of the road nobody to talk to. So that's that can be it, if you want. If you have stuff you want to run past me, you're welcome to I really don't care.

Speaker 1  18:28
Um, after being slightly unable to get a hold of you for four weeks, I feel very disappointed that I don't have a cart load of things queued up ready to ask you, but I'm pulling a little bit of a blank. Fair enough. Are you? I mean, my general impression here over the last, oh, I don't know. Is it pushing four weeks? Maybe three. Four weeks. Is that you tried, on purpose, to shift a lot of your time, resources, energy, back over to consulting, and because that was where the money and profit is for you, and that it's going well, but that that's also taking your time and attention. Is that a fair assessment? Or that

Matthias Miller  19:08
is a fair assessment? Yeah.

Speaker 1  19:12
And I'm not calling it a bad thing, but obviously it moves you over from the shed venture to that stuff. So

Matthias Miller  19:19
from a from, yeah, exactly. That's right. And the basic premise is just, I'm not in a position. I think it's still taking me. This is, this is, I am such a risk taker by nature that learning to de risk is the most unnatural thing in the world. And so I'm trying.

Speaker 1  19:51
I seem to be, seem to be a dead spot again. Can you hear me?

Matthias Miller  19:57
There we go. I think I might. I think I might be back. Yeah. You're back. How about now? And I'm personally divided about the marketing, marketing, about the agency stuff, just because it is working, it's hard to deny it, but then just the sheer amount of effort required to build it up to something that's really workable for both of us looks like a very, very long term play, and I don't know how to I'm not completely sure yet how to keep the boundaries on it well enough that, you know, it still fits within the 10 to 20% of my time, and I still have creative outlets that I need. So,

Speaker 1  20:42
yeah, yeah, okay, well, I think we can keep putting one foot in front of the other as much as you're able to do so, and we'll see how it goes with Micah and Jason and make decisions from there. Yep,

Matthias Miller  21:04
sounds good. Um, do you want to talk about how things are going on your end with your fence stuff and all the other local business type stuff you have going on or not really?

Speaker 1  21:15
Um, yes in a certain sense, and no in the sense that I don't know that I have enough to be worth talking about. So we've got, basically a friend gave us a referral that is providing one fairly large project. And if we can, we actually have the ball rolling. And if the ball can just keep rolling, it's going to hopefully pay bills here for a month or so. I was just talking with another friend this morning who does local service construction, remodeling type business, and I said to him, so how do you get customers? And he basically said, word of mouth and referral. And I asked him if that was just pretty normal in the local service industry. And he said it was. He was like, yeah, yeah. I tried advertising at the very beginning for about six months. And I think, I think for him, very beginning was, like, maybe 20 years ago or something. And I said, Oh, what was that? It's like the yellow pages. So, you know, out of out of date, not even applicable to today's world. So, yeah, I am just kind of curious to see, like it makes me wonder. And what does it take to build up a local word of mouth network? But, and I don't get the feeling that any of these, I mean, here I live in Texas, in a place that's kind of a booming, not not booming, but it's certainly not a shrinking area. And like Man, there is certainly a lot of service businesses around here. And I don't think they do a whole lot of advertising, and I also don't think that they get like, use BNI, for example, or anything like that to to sort of facilitate networking. I think it's all extremely natural and organic, yep.

Matthias Miller  23:05
And then the for the system side of you, it's like, who are the people that I'm at connected with at church, or quasi connected with that church and through anyway, any any facet or aspect of life that you can remotely be connected with in any way. Yeah, and just build those relationships and talk about what you're up to. And,

Speaker 1  23:29
yeah, literally, literally, yep, that's about as much, about as much as I can do. I am going to try some Facebook lead formats at some point, but just too many million other things going on for me to start that just yet. Alright, so, yep. So there you have. It. Not a ton to report, but definitely an interesting experience for me. So

Matthias Miller  23:52
I know you can't this might not work well for bringing your kids into me. Because I did. I had this thought recently. I was like you ever considered doing IT services.

Speaker 1  24:04
I have we talked about it? Well, I almost think maybe we have. I actually, I've looked into it somewhat seriously about a year ago. Um, partly because that's what I used to do 1520, years ago, before I did marketing, but the world has changed a lot since then, so I'm kind of, like really out of date, and looking into what it would take to get up to date. I think the thing that worries me the most about it, besides the fact that it's a long a lot of catch up for me to do is the fact that I don't think I want a ton more personal, one on one, hours in front of my computer, if anything, I want to move in the other direction, and I can't see any way where I could, like, get leverage or build a team or something for it. You right now, because I'm I'm so far out of the picture that all the catch up would have to be me, myself, and I initially, and a lot of it, I don't know. I just think I could be wrong. Of course. I just think it might be like years before I would get so proficient at that that I could bring a team into the equation, right? And, yeah, I just really badly don't want that much more screen time right now. That doesn't mean I'm going to get what I want either.

Matthias Miller  25:27
Well, I mean, but, but you guys are at a at an advantage, because I was talking to sitting at the coffee shop the other day, and the barista was talking very openly about how wonderful it is to have a boss who says it's your model employee. And but then also how simple, well, I mean, it's two things. She's been in the service industry for however long she was a bartender and whatever before, and but then she also just has a work ethic and shows up and gets things done and is conscientious and isn't isn't rude, and takes care of people and doesn't, you know, does well under pressure and like, that doesn't sound rewind about 20 years ago. That's like, oh yeah, I know a couple dozen people like that and today, and it's really hard to convince it's really hard to convince young kids to get into blue collar services, no matter what the compensation is like. And so the supply and demand you have, you have this subtle, underestimated competitive advantage, and the law of supply and demand seems to be tilting in your favor anyway, so just an observation,

Speaker 1  26:45
tilting in my favor in particular. Is that what you meant?

Matthias Miller  26:48
Yeah, just because, just because of family values, work ethic and just generally people not wanting to get into that space, and maybe your part of Texas is different, but yeah,

Speaker 1  27:00
I hadn't really thought of it that way. I'm not, I'm not sure some of both, maybe some of both. Well, well, if I have any flash in the pan, brainstorms and think of something, I'll call you back. All right. All right. Sounds. Sounds good. Thanks. Yep, all right, thanks, Jonathan, take care. Bye, Bye, for now, yep, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai