Matthias Miller  00:14
All right, all right. Hey, we are live Good to see you guys here and we are. We are here for our brand part brand launch party. So if you guys have not seen the my my new cover photo that I posted this morning, or you haven't seen my post, you might not know what's what's going on, but here, give me a second. I've got some audio issues on my on my computer here, getting some feedback. So super excited to have you guys here. Super excited for this. We have a special guest joining us today, and I can't wait to introduce her in a bit, but first, I wanted to give you, let you guys know a little bit about what we're planning for today. So I announced the prize a little while back based on what's the worst name that you could come up with, and what's, what's your worst, best guess for what our new name is going to be. And I read it, ran it by my team, and had them, had them weigh in, and we had one that was a wild takeaway winner. And so we're going to, we're giving away a $50 Amazon gift card for that, just for fun. And so hopefully that'll that'll anyway, just for fun. Can't wait to show you. Show you that. And also, if you are listening here, if you're listening live on Facebook, drop a comment. Let me know you're here. And we're going to be looking, we're going to be giving away a a book as well as part of this process, and it's part of, it's a book that's connected to part two of a story that I shared yesterday on my facebook facebook page. So again, super excited, super excited for that. And so let's see. You're going to go ahead and bring on, bring on our guest here. So give us one second here and be to let me know when you're there you are.

Unknown Speaker  02:20
I'm so excited to be here.

Matthias Miller  02:22
This is awesome. This is good. So one of the things I wanted to do, I thought that we would be super awesome after, after. Well, first of all, an introduction to to everybody be jewel, is the person who helped us with with our rebrand, and she forced us to go, to dig deep, and she would not let us go until we had something that we were absolutely we were absolutely delighted with. And so hats off to be Jill for that. We've got a lot of stories that you can tell about the about the process, about working, working with Oh my

Speaker 1  02:53
God, it was so much fun. I miss our calls. I need them to happen again.

Matthias Miller  02:58
So here's what I wanted to do. I figured you would be the appropriate person, because last night, so so we had this horrible name contest and a clear winner. And so last night, I went ahead and I put together a horrible name logo to go

Speaker 2  03:14
with name. No, yes, you're making logos. Yes,

Matthias Miller  03:19
no, I'm making logos. So I figured the appropriate thing would be to go ahead and just get your reaction and your feedback, just to double check that we make made the right decision, what we did.

Speaker 1  03:31
I just so everyone is clear on this live. I had no idea that this was going to happen. I'm pretty, pretty brutally honest when it comes to feedback.

Matthias Miller  03:45
Alright, so,

Speaker 2  03:47
Alright, ready, alright. Give it to me. Alright, give it to me. Oh, my God.

Speaker 1  04:00
What in Windows, 90s, hell is this? This

Matthias Miller  04:04
is well, so let me, let me you know, one of the, one of the important things in branding you understand, is the foundation of branding. So the foundation is taking our, our multiply, your strengths brand, and going from multiplication to exponents. So we want to go, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. One of the awesome thing that the that our contestant didn't realize is just how awesome this actually is, because there's so many layers. There's so many layers to this. You understand that XP is, you know, kind of a classic version of Windows, and because we're moving, you know, we do so much web development, it's just fitting to have the x right over the over the top of the Windows, Windows logo. I chose the colors so that we could appeal to to a wide variety of people, pretty much, pretty much everybody and and the the it act. Works well for Information Technology. Oh, so it all just really nicely pulls together

Speaker 2  05:09
so web exponent it, oh, I see the pawn on it. That's clever.

Matthias Miller  05:14
Yeah, that

Speaker 1  05:16
was really clever. Okay, let me. Let me start with my first fun, like the first things at least blew me away. Yeah, what blew me away is that there are more font types on here than I can actually count. And you all, you have every font that you could have in your entire font family together, and almost like eight to eight colors are on here. And I think that the powder puff team that you're appealing to is is really interesting.

Matthias Miller  05:50
Well, the cool thing is, it makes it really easy to make marketing collateral, because you can use a lot of stock images and and stock templates and, and most times the colors will actually match with what you're trying

Speaker 2  06:01
to do. I see, can I? Can I ask a question? Yes, is that a

Matthias Miller  06:08
tilde? It's actually a hyphen in a, in a. That's actually another font that I chose specifically for,

Speaker 1  06:11
okay, because I thought it was a tilde, or a tilde or whatever. And I was like, wow, that I remember that 2000 AOL. That was like, that was the Jane it is. It is the bottom font, kind of like gang member, sort of font that you would like get tatted once you, once you go through, because that's what I'm

Matthias Miller  06:35
you know, I did not think about that, but, but this could be an extension to the business. Yeah, yeah, about one of the things that you talked about is brand loyalty. And I think,

Speaker 2  06:55
like, watch like, watch out Latin Kings. Here comes. XP, owns it, exp

Matthias Miller  07:01
owns it, exp owns it. Oh, man, that is

Speaker 1  07:06
so good. And that's like the Oprah O, right. Are we like, are we touching on the Oprah O, for your female audience,

Matthias Miller  07:15
I gotta say, some of this, it's just some of my inner genius coming out. Some of those correlations are just like my my subconscious genius coming out in the design. So I love

Speaker 1  07:24
this. I love this so much. I had no idea in building your brand that I would create like a brand savant here, and then here you are really just showing up and blowing the world away with your inner genius.

Matthias Miller  07:38
That's right. I think, I think most people. I mean, there's a whole, whole kind of biz op angle in your in what you're doing that you know, teaching, teaching other people to do what you do, only better, in all fairness, just just to kind of recap many, many people watching live may have seen the may have seen it on our let me. Let me just make sure I've got comments coming in on my comments, if they're coming in on my Facebook. But here is the actual, real thing that we did, which is, I'll just concede it's way better, way better. Oh, before I, before I go there, I should, I should give a shout out to Isaac and hope, Griffin, Isaac, I think it was probably you that that came up with the name. But I will be sending you a private message with your with your prize. I think, I think your name totally took the cake. So, code house, so, so Beto, I thought it would be interesting. Because I thought it'd be interesting to have you share your like, kind of your your perspective of of the kind of the transformation, the journey that we went on. Because I'm, I obviously was sitting there in the middle of it and and, you know, just from my standpoint, I knew that that we're where we had been, where we wanted to go, were different. But I would love to hear kind of your perspective of kind of that journey.

Speaker 1  09:11
Yeah, absolutely. I'd love to, I'd love to share, I think one of the coolest things I found with working with you guys is that I loved how you pulled your team in there. And so we got to, we got to work with Matthias, but he pulled in Tim right away, who's like his right hand man. And then, you know, that wasn't enough comedy. And so he pulled in Ian Miller right away, too, as his left hand man. And it was really cool, because I liked all the different perspectives that you guys took when we were thinking about this transition from where you were with multiply your strengths to the type of brand you wanted to be like 1020, and even 200 years down the line. And when we started talking about that, and you mentioned how important it was to have a sense of legacy. You weren't tied into the Miller name. You weren't, you weren't like, you know, too proud to be like, I want to make sure my name is always carried. And I think that that set off a really interesting point of view of creating a brand for you that could carry, that would stand the test of time. And then it made so much more sense when we looked back one of favorite one of Matthias favorite things is the Biltmore Hotel, and looking back at something that has incredible star power, but is also classic, yet they have remained modern and timeless. And so putting all of that together, and the way that you led your team and were open to other people's input, I think, is exactly how we got to code house, and the result that we have here, and that that's a thing of beauty, that's a really, I love seeing that on your team. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  10:50
that was, it was, and it was super cool for my for myself too, to see, see my team, like, to see the level of ownership that they took in it. And, yeah, and, like, I mean, we had a few conversations that actually quite a number of conversations that in any other, in any other circumstance, could be considered, you know, tense or, like, engaging, or like, I don't know what the word is,

Unknown Speaker  11:15
but it was just like, Were you looking for that word hostile?

Matthias Miller  11:19
Yes, in any of the context, style, which, which, I think, I think if I can brag on my team a little bit, I think that's one of the things I do love about my team is, is the willingness to have those challenging conversations and and provide and provide feedback and perspective, but then at the end of the day, being able to defer to each other and and going after what's kind of best for best for everyone and best for the business? Yeah,

Speaker 1  11:42
yeah, I could tell, like, when you brought them onto the team, they they felt like they owned a part of the brand, and they wanted to see themselves reflected in there, and they want they had the brand's best interest at heart. And so it was so neat to see the perspective that Ian brought, which was him being the sales guy and always talking to prospects and how you guys really are talking to your audience, your new audience, all of the different industries you work with, which is really cool, and then hearing Tim come in from the side of being right next to the customer, literally helping fix their problems and finding out exactly what they like. And then you came in with talking about the, you know, the German background and and you know how we came up with house after that, and it had that sense of heritage and culture, which is within code house. And it was cool to have that nod back to back to your German culture, which I just thought was really great and really, really special.

Matthias Miller  12:43
Yeah, cool, yeah, that's awesome. That's awesome. So there was a fun little story, and I think, I think you would actually relate with this. Somebody just have you hang around a little bit longer. I

Speaker 1  12:56
love, I love hanging with you. You guys, I actually miss our calls, like we just, we need to just have them for fun. Again, they were awesome, exactly,

Matthias Miller  13:03
exactly. So, so I had this a couple of weeks back. I had this friend send me an email out of the blue, it's actually an Amazon Kindle gift, and he said, here's this book. I want you to read it, and I just want to hear your thoughts about what you're what this guy is saying and and so one of the things I wanted to do as a giveaway today actually is copy of that book, and it looks like there's not a lot of people hanging on live. So we are going to probably select a winner after after the replay. So if you guys are catching the replay, drop a comment and we'll, yeah, we'll, we'll get, get a winner, and get, get you that book. But the book is the book who, not how, by Dan Sullivan. And one of the, one of the fascinating things about this whole story was, was that this, that that he gifted me this book right on, kind of right at the cornerstone of what felt like a major transition for myself, of a whole other way of thinking, in terms of leadership, in terms of business, in terms of, really, in terms of, I mean, productivity. I don't, I don't even know how exactly you distill it down, but I think, I think it's something that you've I suspect it's something that you've experienced in your own recent journey as well. Of this shift from this question of you start understanding that the people that you connect with really become your greatest, one of your greatest assets, true, and one of the basic premises of the book is simply, simply this, that most people ask the question when they want to do something, they ask the question, how should I do this? Right? And the real answer to the question is, who is the person for this?

Speaker 1  14:58
Wow. Oh, wow, that is that is really profound. I love that. I love that perspective,

Matthias Miller  15:09
and that who can can go pretty deep. It can be who is there, who is who is the best of the world at doing this, or who is the person who knows the people to do this? Or who is the person who has the advice that I need? But it's completely transformed how I show up in my like. I take regular, regular thinking, journaling, meditating times, and it's completely changed how I approach those. It's changed the types of questions that I ask, because my question is no longer they're just no longer how and what questions. They're awesome.

Speaker 1  15:46
You're changing. It sounds like that this book has influenced you to change from thinking about method questions, because everybody wants a tactic, everyone wants a method. Everyone wants to take a course and it be a magic pill. And the kind of questions you're asking now are what really successful entrepreneurs ask. And I would even add to your awesome list of the who is, who do I need to be to get to this next step, you know? And that's like the hardest one of all. It's much easier to take a course, isn't it?

Matthias Miller  16:20
Yeah, it's very true. It's easy to want to get somebody else to do that thinking for you. I know you talked about this recently, yeah, in one of the groups that we're part of, but it's easy. Well, let's talk about that for a little bit. What? Yeah, how do you know who you need to who you need to be to get to where you want to go. How do you answer that? Good question?

Unknown Speaker  16:48
I almost feel like I should have you answer it, since you read the book.

Matthias Miller  16:53
No, but I'm asking this from the question of because, because I know from your own experience, yeah, yeah. Like this is something that you've really been wrestling with So

Speaker 1  17:01
absolutely, I for me, I'm, I'm, I'm just like, I'm just like, you, you know this that a part of me is left brain, and then a part of me is right brain, and that question of, who do you need to be, it kind of jars something deep within you, and it's uncomfortable because you're hoping that you're progressing and you're making changes. But it's not a clear answer. It's not a left brained answer. It isn't like there isn't multiple choice, and then you can pick, oh, I'm the person who is always calm under pressure. Oh, I'm the person who will always hire the right team and get that problem solved. Oh, I'm the person who is always going to have cash flow on hand to be secure within my business boat. Or I'm the kind of person who operates under integrity, under any means nested, by any means necessary. And so I've been on this like, you know, in our group, I've been on this deep journey to be able to understand who am I supposed to be so I can hit those next levels of business. And this is where business actually becomes a game, like it becomes a game for me, and I like to gamify it, and I'm like, okay, cool. So if imagine you're playing a game and you want to get to the second level, the third level, and that's really exciting and exhilarating, but a lot of people have gotten to level three, so you have a lot of sources to pull from. They're easier problems to solve. But you know, like, we know new levels, new devils. So when you're trying to get to the game and you're trying to get to level 100 that's when it really starts to get fun, and the questions become harder and they become more uncomfortable. So one of the things I was recently coached on that has like completely shifted my mind, is understanding who I'm supposed to be, is to look at myself and say, one way to frame this is actually, what am I not worried about anymore? What am I not? What am I not scared about anymore? So one of the things, like straight up that I put on mine is I'm not worried about paying for my kids school every June. I'm not worried about us paying our discover bill at the end of the month every month. And so things that really just got to the core of me that I don't think about actively helped me define on who I am. And one of those constraints I put in there is that I'm somebody who gets to level 100 while also being present with my kids and not overworking and putting them as the last priority.

Matthias Miller  19:38
Yeah, yeah. So an interesting way to conceptualize what you're saying is that, sorry, this is my left, left and right brain. Like working it out right now, which you've seen a lot on our calls. But it's like, it's like, every level that you go, there's, there's like, you say, Hi. Levels higher devils. It's almost like there's devils at the next level that want to keep you down. Yeah, the level, the devils at this level when I keep you down. And so the the fears of of the level that you're playing at right now are the fears that keep you locked in here. Oh, yes. And and so part of that, what are you not worried about, is that part of letting go of those fears from where you're at right now, so that to give you the freedom to take the step up into the next level, which doesn't mean that you won't have maybe another set of fears or another, another set of concerns, or another set of for sure problems to solve that are more challenging than than the ones that you were at before. But letting go of that, like, like, letting go of making a departure from that is that's so huge.

Speaker 1  20:49
Yeah, it reminds me what you just said. And I love how you, like, visualize the devils at, like, literally, both levels. And now I feel like we're kind of, like rapping a little bit like, might have, like, new levels, new devils. Drop me a beat. I love what we need a DJ. I'm sure you've composed something, what I what I enjoy about what you said there and you framed it, because it can visually help you understand why most entrepreneurs feel stuck, because you have a devil that's trying to pull your feet down, and you have another devil on top who's trying to shut the lid on top of you. And so it is easier to concede and to plateau at the level that you're at and say, I'm just stuck. I don't know why. And then look for external reasons and why it's a problem, like, if you ever find yourself like blaming your market, blaming the economy, blaming your competitor for getting clients. That one's my favorite, as if they're not supposed to take your clients, right? And so, you know, it's kind of interesting to look at that way, and it reminded me of this quote that's hit home for me, which is, fear will rot you from the inside out. Fear will rot you from the inside out, and that's something I've immediately just put into my morning routine and my morning vision board and all that. And it's really interesting, because when I think of it that way, you know there's a lot of quotes on fear, and you know you're supposed to embrace it. You're supposed to punch fear in the face. But when I hear that term rot me from the inside out. It feels like fear is insidious and I must expel it out. And so it kind of motivates me to get out there. And when I find fear, I know that I'm getting locked in and trapped, and I must push through that boundary to get to that next level.

Matthias Miller  22:38
Yeah, yeah. And I think it's easy. I think, I think you, you touched on something that's really important. I think it's easy to take fear and label it as stuck. Yeah, and like you said, like, I just kind of want to bring attention to that, because I think, I think, like, there are so many times when we look at external circumstances, or here's these decisions that I that, like, instead of stepping out past the fear you you get stuck into this mode of, I need to make a decision. I need to make the right decision, the best decision, all of those types of things. Yeah. And I think one other thing I want to kind of draw my attention, draw draw attention to as well, is, is there's this expectation that as you, as you grow, that there's, you know, there's definitely a reality that your pain tolerance increases, yeah, but, but I think there's not enough conversation in much of the kind of the entrepreneurial world about about the challenges of the inner game you and I have had, I mean, we've had conversations through this whole process about, you know, I don't know, like, like, it's easy to present an awesome image, which I love. I love the code house brand and all of that as an example. I think it's super cool. There's, there's also this reality of, I don't know, I guess. I just want to say this, most of us look at other people and we expect their lives to be easy, right? Because we see the outcomes that they've been able to achieve. And I think it's just a good reminder to to to remember that there other people are human, and that while they've learned some things that have allowed them to accomplish what they've accomplished, like there's real life happening for them as well. And I think that's one of those things that oftentimes does not get talked talked about enough. I

Speaker 1  24:36
agree with you. I think it's like you when you're looking into someone else's life, you have painted the most beautiful picture, and then you look at your own life, and you can't help to notice all of the stuff in your own picture that you don't think is as beautiful. But you have to remember everyone is a lot of people are putting on a mirage because. Because they've been taught to do so, they're putting on a mask to appear as the kind of person who is successful, the kind of person who has it all pulled together, the kind of person who makes ten million who should seem unscathed. And I think that's why we're seeing and we're finding that this new generation, generation Z, which is about 14 years old to 23 right now, they're entering into the marketplace, and they're calling BS on that. They're saying, if we don't know who you really are, if you're acting like your armor is shiny all the time and it doesn't have any dents or rust or anything, that's we're not meeting the real version of you. So I think we're seeing this onset of where people are commanding and almost demanding to see authenticity, to see vulnerability, to see the true story. They want the shiny armor off, and they want to know, like, what happened to you along the way, which is why I love I love this live. And I just, I think it's so cool with like, how you approached it, which is like poking fun at, like, what your original name was, to where you are now, and being able to, like, laugh and have fun in that process, because if you look at the end result, it just elevates you and look like it's next level. But that's not just what happened. There was and there was a lot of inner work to shift the identity of not only you, the teammates, the company, and shift it to that next level. And those are, that's that messy middle, that's the sausage making that you don't get to see. And I think that's the piece that you're trying to refer to, is that like, hey, let's, let's hide less of that sausage making, and let's just come out here and show up, even if it is dropping valuable design, like you did on today's call, just showing off where, where, where your first drafts were, to where you are just owning it.

Matthias Miller  26:55
That's awesome. That's awesome for sure. Cool. Well, be Jill, Thanks for Thanks for hopping on today and joining us. Thanks for the work that you've done here. And yeah, it's been super awesome working with you, and it's fun seeing the finished product.

Speaker 1  27:12
So thank you. Thank you. I had so much fun, and I can't, I can't, literally, thank you enough for being an awesome client. I had so much fun with you guys. I was like, Wait, hold on. We need some more time so we can stay on track. I'm so excited for you, as the owner of code house, and I know that as a software company, a solutions company, a company that looks at people holistically and businesses holistically, you're going to help a whole lot of people be able to systematize use software in the way that it's supposed to be. Be able to change people's you're gonna be able to change people's lives, and they're gonna have more fulfilling businesses. So it's a really, really cool, cause I can't wait to see you guys blow up.

Matthias Miller  27:54
Cool. Super excited. Okay, sit

Unknown Speaker  27:58
here. Bye. Yep.

Matthias Miller  28:01
All right, so for everybody else who is still on watching Facebook Live, just a quick reminder, we're going to give a book giveaway. The book is who, not how, by Dan Sullivan, so go ahead and drop a comment in the links, or drop a comment in the post, I should say, and, and we will pick a winner probably sometime tonight or first thing tomorrow morning, and we will get that coming your way. So thanks again to you guys for joining and have an awesome rest of your week. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai