Matthias Miller  00:12
All right, so we're gonna go ahead and get started. We're live over there. First of all, welcome. There's probably gonna be a few more people hopping on in the next few minutes, and and we are going to, but we're going to go, go ahead and get started. So just wanted to lay a little bit of a foundation, give a little bit of an intro, a little bit little bit of context of what we're doing here. One of the things that we're doing is we're we're using this three day challenge as a way to record the the trainings for for a new course that we're putting together and, and as and so this is, this is the training and, and we haven't actually nailed down the actual pricing for it, but definitely it's going to be more than $23 so our My, my plan here is that you get a tremendous amount of value. I want to talk a little bit about who this is for we're we've designed this course to be, or this challenge to be. It's for three different types of people, for leaders who don't have executive assistants, for leaders who don't or and leaders with executive assistance or assistance themselves. So whether you're just an individual wanting to manage your inbox better, or whether you you have somebody who can help you with your inbox, our goal, really is to help, help get through, cut through the noise of of your inbox. We're doing a three part series day one. Today, we'll be focusing on links and, kind of, some core foundations, getting some quick wins in your in your inbox. Tomorrow, Tim will be training on how to structure inbox. Ian will be joining as well. Both of them are team members of mine. And day three, we're going to be looking at what you need to be doing in your inbox on a daily basis. This is a challenge. This is not a it's it's intentionally short it's intentionally three days. It's focused on learning and on action taking, and focused on helping you get results. And that's our our goal in these three days is, is hopefully in less than an hour a day, and with some homework, homework helping you get some some results and some breakthrough on how you manage your email, before we get too deep into this, there is a cool thing that we're doing as part of this we are we. We are including a prize with this challenge. And so to qualify for this prize, you, you you don't need to show up for the trainings live, but you do need to show up. You need to consume the trainings. You need to follow through in the homework and and if you do that, you qualify for prize. Our prize is going to be a Colby index assessment and a Colby consultation. And currently these are, these are valued at 299 and this will be, will be giving this to one of the participants, as long as they show up, they do the homework and they follow through on it so, and this will be so, so there you go. Just wanted to, wanted to, to encourage you guys to engage, engage in the group. If you, if you guys have questions, we're going to have to have time for questions that you guys can ask more specifically. And with that, any of you guys unmute yourselves, who's ready to get rolling, let me know.

Unknown Speaker  03:19
Yes, exciting. Good morning. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  03:22
Hey, good morning. Mellie.

Matthias Miller  03:28
All right, we are ready to roll. So I want to start by talking about, what are your most valuable assets right now? And there's a lot of different there could be a lot of different answers. And actually, let's, I want to hear from you guys, what do you think are some of your most valuable

Unknown Speaker  03:50
assets? Mine is time, time.

Matthias Miller  03:55
Stephen or Tim. Do you have do you have any thoughts on that

Speaker 1  04:02
you're just talking about within the within the workspace here with

Matthias Miller  04:07
it could be beyond that, okay.

Speaker 1  04:11
I mean my, yeah, my thought would go to, to, probably time would be, would be the biggest asset, okay,

Speaker 2  04:24
yeah, I would. I'd agree that. And the ability to focus too. I'm not sure if that's an asset or how you how you'd label that, but that that's pretty big to me. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:37
cool, Awesome Answers. It means you guys are in the right place. So so some of the like, those are the main ones that I thought about, one of them that I thought about too, which we're not going to talk about here. But health is a major asset, and the people that you have around you are also major assets. But time and focus are so like, time is something that cannot be regained. And focus is something that that people really work to. It's like they it's almost like this unending battle to try to maintain focus and to fight away the distraction. And one of the things that I discovered through this process, and I want to start just with a little bit of a backstory, but this whole journey started for me and kind of managing my inbox, probably about two or three years ago. Actually, it's probably been longer than that, when I first, when I first, when I hired my first assistant, and we started kind of learning, like, what works in the inbox, What? What? What do we start doing? And it was really baby steps at the beginning. And we had different variations, different iterations, you know, at some point, helping with scheduling, sometimes kind of sorting and categorization and like different different forms of stuff. And it eventually we we kind of captured what was working and continued to to build out to what really helps me manage my inbox, the the best, but really one of the, one of the, one of the surprising things that's that I've seen happen over the last number of months, especially as this has continued to to continue to evolve and to grow is that there's been a fairly significant shift in mindset and and one of those major shifts in mindset has has simply been this shift from reactivity into proactivity, reactivity from proactivity. So it one of the I'm going to go on a little bit of a rant here, if, if I have permission, I have a little bit of an ax to grind with to do lists. And it might actually be more than a more than a little bit. Here is the problem with to do lists. I think to do lists are actually designed to keep people in overwhelm. And here's why. When you put, when you put something on a to do list, um, most times there is, there is no way to get it off the to do list without some feeling of either either completing it or feeling some feeling of guilt so you have to finish it, or you have to feel feel guilty for not finishing it. And and just one example of that is, is, let's say you're, you're, you're you've got some things that you want to prepare for a specific for a specific event, and in preparation for that, you've got certain things that you want to do as part of that, at the end of the day, you realize that you don't actually need to do those, do those things to prepare for the event. The event comes and goes, but those things can live on in your to do list and and there is no process for cleaning these things off of your to do list and and this is the exact same thing that happens in our inbox, is that things continually come in, continually come in. And if we don't have a process for for deliberately saying, No, I'm not going to do this, or No, I don't need this, or on the on the onset, creating this wall, or this barrier from saying you don't have permission to come in here, then, then we will continually be overwhelmed, and we will continue to be in reactivity. One of the things that I believe is is powerful in and this is one of the foundational mindset shifts from reactivity to proactivity, is that is that our our life should be patterned around where, where it is we want to go, and what, what it is that we want to create. And what that means is that we have this opportunity to evaluate, for us, it's on an, it happens on an on an annual basis, and and then broken down more frequently than that, and such that you take where it is that you're wanting to go, and on a weekly and a daily basis, you're reevaluating what it is that will require to require you to go from where you are to where you want to be, and and by doing that, you are intentionally setting an agenda that should rule what it is that you do on a day to day basis, the Strong, the more clear you are on that and on what your specific agenda and priority should be, the the more clear you can be in in reaching Inbox Zero and and working through this, through this entire process, when you start, when you start patterning your week around the things that are most important. When you start, when you start focusing on the things that matter the most, and you start allocating the the your energy to the top one or two priorities every single day, the what top one or two priorities every single week, that's when you start winning on focus and but, but here's, here's the downside, here's what's going to happen when you start doing that, as you start committing to that there will be this accumulation of things that you will not be able to accomplish because you no longer have room and space for them. And one of the things that we have to that has to end today like this, is this is the end like here today. Marks today. Marks the day we will not feel guilty for not doing things we shouldn't be doing. We will not feel guilty for not doing the things we should not be doing. If somebody writes you an email and you're not obligated to respond to every single email, you're not obligated to read every single thing that gets sent your way. You're not obligated, you're not obligated to do that. I. Yeah, and there is a tremendous amount of guilt that I believe many of us live with when we are in our inbox every single day, because there is something. There's that something, well, I should, I should read that. I should respond to that. I should, I should, I should. Maybe you should, maybe you shouldn't. Maybe it's okay for you not to get to everything. There's a principle called the 8020 principle. And the the principle basically says this, that 20% of the causes lead to 80% of the output. And this doesn't mean, this doesn't mean literally 20% although it's it has a shocking it has this shocking correlation. There's actually a lot of things in in life that follow this principle, where it is extremely close to a to an 8020 relationship. But if you look in your town, 20% of the traffic drives on 80 80% of the traffic, I'm sorry, drives on 20% of the roads. 80% of the business happens in 20% of the of the city. 80% of the wealth is within 20% of the community the like, there's this principle of life, like, it's, it's just, I don't know how else to say it. It's just a reality. You can either embrace it, or you can run from it. 20% of the things that you have on your list to do are the things that will give you, get you 80% of the way to where you need to go. 20% of what's on your list of what you need to do will get you 80% of the way to where you need to go, and the rest of it is noise. Most of it is noise. There are some things that you cannot escape from and and there's some things that only you can do, and you have to do them. There's a flip side to this, that that 80% of your setbacks are coming from 20% of the things that you're trying to do. In other words, if you're trying to accomplish a goal, there is 20% of your behaviors, of your of your actions, of your thinking, whatever it is, there's 20% of what you're doing to work towards that goal that is actually taking your progress from exceptional to average. So the question is, how do we cut off? And this is part of the part of where we're going with this inbox zero. Challenge is, how do we cut off that bottom 20% that is creating drag in your life that keep you stuck in a place that's not actually helping you to move forward. The 8020 is not just about targeting the top 20% although it is that. It is about pruning. It's about cutting away. It's about getting rid of the things that are dead weight to you so that you can continue moving forward. There is with this, and this is something that I dealt with. There is with this, this fear, because we're going to go into a process for dealing with dealing with the inbox. There was within this, this fear, and this very real fear that the more I surrender control of this of of my inbox, and the more that I let go, and the more I I relinquish the need to say yes, there was this fear that I'm going to have people who are upset, I'm going to have people who are angry. I'm going to have, like, all of these things. And in the last six months, I can remember one situation where I got a notification by email that actually was hyper time critical. And in that situation, I was actually notified by somebody else, through a different means about the situation. In other words, never once in the six months have I ever had a crisis show up for me, for my attention in my inbox. And I will take it a step further that it is up to you to train and educate other people how to relate with you and how to interact with you. My team knows that when they have something that is urgent, that that email is not the way to get to get it across if they need something now, there are other ways that they should reach out to me and that they should engage with me and for the people who who need to have close access to your life, which should be small. The number of people who should have close access to your life should be a small circle of people, especially as your leadership and as your influence grows, and as the bigger the demand, the bigger the focus that's required, the more challenging it will be for you, the broader your acts, the access is into your life.

Matthias Miller  14:19
That fear that I had, as I began to surrender control, I realized that all of that stuff was ill founded, but it wasn't some kind of rational argument. It was I had to let go emotionally of this need to always show up for everybody at the instant that they wanted to, to do exactly what they wanted to at the time that they wanted to. And I had to be willing to set my own agenda. This does not mean when I say that I set my own agenda, this does not mean that I do not serve other people, that I don't coordinate with other people, that I don't engage with them on their schedules and help help work those things out. But the world is actually as much as I'm focused on serving the people around. Me, the the people, the people that I am I am to serve, are only part of the picture of what I'm what I'm supposed to be doing here on this earth and and allowing them to fully dictate my agenda and my schedule is is a disservice, not only to myself, but it's also it's a disservice to the rest of the people that I'm called to serve here in is this shift that that begin to happen for me. I want you to imagine what would happen if you had a I don't know if you guys. I mean, sure you guys. You guys remember those paper planners. Maybe you guys use them where there's, like, this big calendar and like all these dates, and you get to write in imagine that you had that. But if you had it sitting out in a public place, any of your friends could get to it. They could do they could access it at any time that they wanted to. Anytime they wanted to. They'd be like, Oh, hey, I want to talk. I want to talk with you. And they go, pencil in a two hour time time block right in the middle of the day and and you have these other commitments that you're working on, and these other people that things that you need to get done or, or maybe, maybe it's like right over the time of your your daily workout, or whatever it is, they just write it in there. Imagine the amount of chaos and frustration that would ensue if that would if that were to happen. And yet, when we allow our agenda to be determined by the emails that come in and by the order in which they come in, we're doing exactly the same thing. We're allowing those emails to set to to occupy blocks on our calendar. What based on other people's decision of what they think, maybe not even what they think it's important, maybe just based on like when it happened to cross their mind, and it's exactly the same thing. So protecting your inbox is a way of protecting your calendar. It's a way of protecting your time. One of the, one of the surprising things that I did not expect that that has been happening outside of this. It's been this domino effect. It's It's learning to be more intentional about setting my agenda. It's been creating barriers to other people setting my agenda, and creating healthy gateways of communication, creating healthy boundaries that as I have done this, I have stopped working. I have begun to work much less from a to do list, and from a list based approach, and from a these are the these are the things that I need to work on. And I've started moving much more to focusing on a calendar. This is like, this is the time slot when I'm working on this project. This is the time slot when I'm working with this team member. This is the time slot for this meeting. And as I, as I've done this there, there is a, there is a much bigger resistance for you to say, I'm going to give you a two hour time block in my week than it is to say yes to somebody's request for help. There's much bigger resistance for you to put a two hour time block on your week than it is to say yes to somebody's request for help. Why? And I think, I think the reason is simply this, many of us have this, this drive to this drive to please and, and it gets in the way of, it, just it, it's, it's good, but it gets in the way. Good, but gets in the way and and as I've begun to live from the calendar, I've started to realize that

Matthias Miller  18:32
I don't know it's just been, I don't even know exactly how to put this into words, there has been a foundational shift in how I how I perceive the things that I do and the things that I work on, and and part of this, part of this comes down to part of this comes down to my MO and how I operate. But there's also this mindset shift of understanding that everything that I, that I say yes to, has a time commitment to it. It has a cost to it, and and engaging with it from, from a calendar for Through, through, through scheduling has a way of, really, I don't know, making that super clear, we're going to be talking, we're going to be talking some throughout this, throughout this training, about about how you engage with that. One of the things here this is, this is one thing I forgot to mention at the beginning that I want to make extremely clear, we are going to do our absolute best through this program to make this as accessible to you and as applicable to you as possible. But I also recognize that different people have different MOS different people of different strengths and and how, exactly how you need to apply this may vary from from person to person, and I think that's one of the benefits that you're going to get from from the Colby pride, from the prize that we're offering the Colby consultation, is that it will help you understand how you best operate. And from that we can help you understand. We can help you understand how to engage with the program, how to actually implement it in a way that really fits you, fits you the best, all right. One one last foundational shift in terms of, in terms of of how you approach your inbox, and how you deal with your inbox and one second,

Matthias Miller  20:34
one of the one of the decisions that I have made and that I am, I'm going to be completely transparent. Have not completely succeeded, but am continuing to grow in and get better at is is moving all project management out of my inbox into a place for project management. The things that you are working on, your your task list, should not live in your inbox. If there is something that needs to be done, there are places, there are places that are better suited for it. And let me explain why your inbox is sorted based on time. And that's basically it. So, so the newest things are at the top, the oldest things are at the bottom. And so any way of prioritizing things, it comes from what order did they occur? When did they happen? Basically, who, who emailed you first and and there is, there is no process, because there is no categorization within an inbox. There is no process for saying this was important a month ago, but it's no longer important. This was relevant a day ago, but it's irrelevant. Or this was irrelevant two weeks ago, but now this is Top of Mind. This is urgent. This is a priority. And moving, moving your project management out of your inbox into a separate system, and there's a lot of different systems, you can use a very simple one if, if you want a place to start, a very simple one is Trello, P, R, E, L, L, O. You can create boards for different projects, and you can help organize your thoughts in that way of like, this is what needs to be done. This is, this is how, how it needs to happen. But something that's very important even with that, is that when you have project management, when you are doing some kind of project management, you need a system, and you need a process for actively de prioritizing the things that need to be done and sometimes saying, saying these things never need to be done. And you need an active process for saying these things are now higher priority. If you don't have a have a any way of doing that with the projects that you're doing. And if you don't have a process for if you're not doing that on a regular basis, let's just say it like this. Some of some of you will do it periodically. You'll, you'll do it randomly throughout a week at a certain time. Some of you will set aside a specific time to do this. But unless you have a way to do that, you will, you will continue to put yourself into overwhelm. And in fact, sometimes what's the the best thing to do once you have accumulated something is to, is to shelve the project and to start brand new and say, Okay, so, so we have that. This is what we thought we needed. We're going to start again. And here's like, here are the things that we actually do need. We're going to, we're going to narrow this thing down, and we're going to focus what on, what needs, needs to be done in the same way, if you need to reference something that you're working on. And here's another reason why project management is so important. Sometimes somebody will send something by email that you're like, I want to get back to this. And I'm actually going to need it at this specific time. There's two ways that you can deal with that. One of them, which is, which is primarily how I deal with it, is putting them into your project management system so that when you are working on that project, you can go into that project, and you can look at that project, and you have all the details that you need right there. The other option if you if you set it aside a time block, is to put it in your calendar, calendar notes, so that you have that information on your calendar at the time that you're you're actually working on the project. If you don't do this, you are at risk of of losing focus, if you're, if you're anything like me, if you have a propensity towards distraction, if you have a propensity to just going and doing things and getting things done, whatever, if, if you go into the inbox, it immediately raises this, this temptation and this urge to let me respond to that email, or let me read this, or let me Well, what about this? And I forgot about this, and, and it's, it's a huge distraction. And focus killer. One of the things that you, that we talked about at the beginning, which is one of the most valuable assets, is this, this whole thing of focus. Your focus is under attack, and your focus, I believe that your focus is something that is absolutely worth fighting for, and it's something that I have absolutely fought for, these simple, practical tools of getting things out of your inbox. Keeping your project management separate, those are tools for protecting your focus. The simple thing of understanding what it is that you want to accomplish this coming year, what is your or this quarter or this month or this week, understanding that on a time basis, are incredibly powerful tools for helping, helping to manage your focus. You

Matthias Miller  25:25
so here's, we're going to cut this. This is, this is going to be a shorter session today because we've got some homework, and I want, I want to, I want to allow you guys to actually do the homework and have time to do it. So here's your homework. Number one, turn off email notifications on your phone, if you have a crisis, train people to call you or text you, whatever is your preference, but in any situation, if there's a crisis, there should be a phone call, because you know they're going to respond or they don't respond. And you're not sitting around waiting to to wait for an answer. You get an answer. It's not a crisis, then don't call. Send an email. Most of my emails will not get a response for a few hours, sometimes a day and sometimes multiple days. Depends on the email depends on who it's from and what it's about. You know, it's okay for emails to wait, so turn off notifications for your emails. If you want to take it one step further, you can actually disable syncing for your emails so that if you need to look at emails on your phone, you can you can go into the email app. You can manually refresh and have it pull in all of your emails so that you can go find what you what you actually need. I found for myself that when I turned off syncing for my emails, it created one more level of barrier. And it was like, Yes, I can retrain myself to just refresh and just to sync emails again, but it created one more level of barrier to dropping into my inbox and seeing what's going on. Second piece of homework. Turn off email notifications on your computer, if you have an email client, if you have email notifications on your if you have have the browser notifications turned on, turn it off in your browser, in your browser on your on your email client. If it's an emergency, somebody will have some other way of getting, reaching out to you. There are other ways of of doing that. Your email is not for that. Just doing this one thing or these two things, really, just doing these two things will help you begin to create the space that you can sit on folk and focus on things we're going to do just a little bit more of teaching. Um, um,

Matthias Miller  28:05
there's, there's, there's this fascinating, this awesome tool called airplane mode, and do not disturb. Those are for your benefit. It if, if you want somebody to be able to call, do not then use Do Not Disturb. You can allow your favorites to to come through and for them to call you if it's an emergency, they can call. You can do that, and you can create you can set aside for an hour uninterrupted distraction and focus on the things that you actually need to focus on. That's a bonus. Second piece of homework, or third piece homework number three is go through your inbox and look for all of the newsletters that you've managed to get subscribed to and and that are not important and unsubscribed from them. I would guess that most people need to this. We're going to we're going to apply the 8020, very liberally here that most people need to unsubscribe to probably, I think you should probably only be subscribed to to have a small handful of subscriptions, 234, and I would venture to say most people need to unsubscribe from 80% of the things that they're they're subscribed to. Now here is an exception. There are some people who read for recreation and and if you read for recreation, then there will be ways that we can help you stay on those lists and not have them get in your way. And we're going to be talking Tim's going to be talking about that tomorrow, but, but unsubscribe from list that should not, that you do not need to. Should be on homework. Number four, go through your inbox. Look for things as you're going through your inbox. Keep your eye open for things that came from a long time ago, that somebody sent you, that you thought I should. Follow up on and I want you to evaluate it. Does it need follow up? Is this still current? Is it still active? And if you don't know if somebody messaged you two weeks, two months ago, they want to, they want to get together with you. They want to meet with you, there's something they want to talk to talk to you about. Just reply back to them. Is this still something that's that's a priority to you? Because people's priorities change. And it could be like, No, I talked to somebody else and I got it all figured out. You don't need to respond. Or it could be yes, and if it's a yes, then you need to start taking a look at at your time commitments and and looking for a time time to do that,

Unknown Speaker  30:37
if you do this,

Matthias Miller  30:40
and if you spend time going through your inbox, looking at old emails that you can get rid of in one of, one of the warm up emails, which you all may or may not have gotten, I talked about getting up to 1010, things off your to do list if you do this, my goal is to get at least for you to get at least 10 things that 10 shoulds. I should read this. I should do this. I should follow up. I should, I should, I should. My goal is for you through this homework to get 10 shoulds off your list and and start getting chaos out of your out of your inbox. That's your homework. There's four things, notifications on your phone, notifications on your computer, unsubscribing from from old newsletters that you shouldn't be, that that aren't relevant or aren't the most important for you, and also looking for old emails that you can either get rid of completely, or that you can reply to and and get caught up on the actual status and priority. So that's it for the that's it for the training. We're going to open this up for questions. If any of you all have questions,

Speaker 3  31:49
not really a question Matthias, but I this is actually the discussion of focus that's really helpful. Because, like I said, certainly as I'm stepping into this, some of the things are not so much business minded as much as I have all these newsletters and all this data and information coming in and realizing that, you know, if I need it, I can go find it, rather than having it all bombarding because I probably have three to 500 emails coming in, and a lot of it's just that kind of stuff. So that was good,

Matthias Miller  32:21
cool. Good, Steven. Do you have any Yeah,

Speaker 1  32:26
you you address something that I thought was was interesting. I my, my single question for the morning was, I will, I'll shut everything down for an hour of focus time. I'll turn the slack notifications off. I'll even turn my desk phone off and everything. But then, often, the first step of the project I'm working on, there's some piece of information or a phone number or something that I remember is back in my in an old email, and so I'll have to go back into my inbox. Well, then there's, you know, a couple more emails there to distract me. So I think what you had mentioned was try to pull that information out and put it in your manager so that you have it.

Matthias Miller  33:15
That's right, and we'll be talking about, I guess Tim can fill us in. I'm not sure how much we'll we'll touch on that, but, but the especially day three, when we talk about kind of your daily process for email, I think that will be helpful in understanding kind of that process as well. Good, good. Glad to hear cool. Anything else from from you guys, before we drop off. Nope, okay, sounds good. We'll go enjoy bringing some peace, peace and quiet into your inbox. And tomorrow we're going to be talking about how to structure your inbox for to to kind of take control of the noise and help kind of prioritize some of these things. And yeah, eight o'clock mountain time. See you guys then

Speaker 3  34:10
super Thank you. Matthias, Yeah, you're welcome.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai