Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey, 414, family. So I know I went live earlier today, and I'm like, I'm My mind is blown again. Like, honestly, my mind is blown. So I've heard people talk about the fact there is a grace on this movement. And I'm like, yeah, cool, there's a grace on this movement. And I wanted to share two testimonies, two stories, as as we mentioned earlier, I signed up for the six by six by six and so, and that program has already started, but we had a few nights ago, I had this dream. I was like, and there were a couple details to the dream, and, like, all this stuff and so. And I was like, I know it's for this guy right here in the six by six. And so I shared the dream, and like, this is a little bit out of my comfort zone. And, like, I'm not super comfortable. So I shared the dream, and this dream inspired him to take action, and, and, and it's, it's ending up. I mean, it's looking like, this is, this is like, we haven't, we haven't signed he hasn't signed the papers. Hey, hon, good to see you. Um, hesitant side of the papers and all this stuff. But like this is, like, looks like to be a major revenue boost for him off of a dream that I had that inspired him to take action on what was in his hand and to go make it happen. And like this is like, Where does this anyway? Where does this stuff come from? Except we know where it comes from. But this is like crazy. So here's the other thing that happened today that was like, so my, team, my team member and I were working on like, like. So, Ah, come on, slow down, bro. Get your mind in gear. But like, so, so Pedro gave, gave a hot seat, and helped me narrow my focus to like, my field of favor and like how I can take what the things that I have and things that are in my heart and like and and give clarity on that. And so I've been working with my team member and mapping some of this stuff out and working on some of the, you know, what are bonuses we can provide? And like, I had this idea for a bonus that I've actually thought about doing a training on before, and like, never actually did anything with. We started mapping out this training. The training is on email annihilation. And literally, I spend, like, Max, 20 to 30 minutes in my inbox every day. And that's like managing different projects and like, different stuff going on, and like, all this, all this other kinds of other kinds of stuff. And I've never seen a training on like, like this to put it together, but, but we started mapping out just that bonus training, just putting down a bunch of ideas and what it would be in London. I'm looking at that. And like, like that is an absolutely incredible bonus to put into this package, and and it ties in with with some of the pain points and all this other kinds of other kinds of stuff. And yet, like, there's, there's more stuff to finalize around this, but, like, but like, where did that inspiration come from? And like, I don't know how to dis like. Like, again, I've heard people talking about, like, there's grace on this movement, but I have felt, like, in the last week, I've literally felt things falling off of my life. And I don't know how to describe it, like, like, there's a clarity, there's a focus, there's a presence, there's a like, like, I don't even know, like, how do you even put words to this? But like, like, There literally is a grace on this, and it's absolutely, it's absolutely incredible. And so I had to think about and so the other thing that I've been thinking about, too, is I'm on the call earlier. There's, there are people who are looking for ways, like, how do you practically, like, like, how do you pay for, like, if you don't have money to pay for this, like, what do you actually do? And I know Pedro's talked about this before, but, but there's, there's so many opportunities. And I know we're down to, like, the last, the last little bit. But like, there are people right now who want to get their business visibility. And like, you can pre sell them Facebook ads. I know Pedro's talked about this. This isn't like, wild or crazy, but you could pre sell them on that. Like, there's so many opportunities to serve right now. Like, I mean, I just recently saw on Facebook somebody who who started a a mobile detailing company. And like, they're like, going, like, super busy. And like, how many, how many car details would you have to sell in order to raise to pre sell? I mean, you go through your phone, you find, you find different people and ask them, like, Hey, can I detail your car for you? Can I come over and detail your car for you? And like, like, how many people would you have to pre so that for? And just go through your email, your Facebook friends and message them, and go through your through your your phone contacts, like, like, it's literally in your hand, like, these are things that you can be doing. And like, that's just one of many ideas and stuff like that. And there's more ideas too. I um, I don't know my mind is absolutely blown, and I know this isn't the right fit for everybody, but for the people who it is the right fit for it. This is absolutely an amazing experience I have gotten. I literally feel like I have gotten a massive shot in the arm this past week, in terms of business, in terms of directions, in terms of confidence, and like, this is just getting started. There there are things that, and this is, again, I think I might have said this past video, but in a different way. But like, there are things that that that are caught and things that are taught, and getting into the right environment is such a massive. A massive shift in terms of elevating your thinking, of getting new ideas, of getting inside, of hearing from God about about where you should be going and what you should be doing, and like, this is just, like, anyway, I'm just, this is just, I'm just, I'm going crazy over this stuff, because there is stuff coming together and stuff that's happening. So I had a little break between my team member needed to drop off to take another call, and I had a little break and and, and I can't wait to get back into this and help structure this stuff. And like, I don't know guys, I really hope I get to see you on the other side in 100x I know this has been the perfect thing at the right time. This has been people that people say this all the time, I'm sure, and this has been an absolute answer to prayer, and it's been such an opportunity to show up, put in the work and make things happen, and get clarity and momentum and progress. And I don't know, it's just wow. So yeah, those are some ideas for you, some testimonies, and I hope to see you in the other side. 100x you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai