Matthias Miller  00:02
Hey guys, I was watching the replay of the four by four hot seats from last Thursday, taking the time on when that was and Pedro was talking a lot about ministry idolatry and different stuff like that. That was those that's been going on. And I've been processing a lot of stuff lately, and I just wanted to get on here and kind of verbally process. I know a lot of us are busy so, so if you don't get to this right away, no worries. This is just kind of like, again, me kind of verbally processing. One of the things that I've been really kind of had a lot of questions about, I suppose, and maybe even some a lot of internal doubt, is, is even around my who, because there's, you know, there's one aspect about where I really feel called to serve, and also, but then, on the other hand, man like honestly, sometimes working with working in the nonprofit space has its own set of kind of weirdnesses. And sometimes, I feel divided between going to places, to places where people and again, maybe this is just mindset stuff, hey, Alicia, where people are more free to spend, I guess, to kind of spend money. And also there's kind of this, this torn thing between, like, serving, serving. There's kind of like the things that I'm really good at, which is really which, where I put in my 10,000 hours is designing software and building software. And there's different things that have come along, along the entrepreneur, entrepreneurial journey, and with that, with which is some marketing and team building and different things like that, and officially into like Colby and different things like that. But then there's, there's some things that I'm more passionate about than other things. I think one of the things I realized recently is especially around what makes people tick. This is and like even rereading some of Cathy colby's work, and some of that stuff really ignites kind of a fire inside of me. But then there's also this other thing, which is, like showing up for for your who and serving the WHO as effectively as possible. And we've seen, probably, I need to go back and run some numbers to see exactly how this compared, but definitely seeing a higher level of opt ins for the the kind of the fundraising challenge type of thing. So also processing that, and then also just listening to what Pedro was saying. There was this, this other event that happened yesterday, so, so probably about, I got a message from a guy. I did a hot seat with him, probably, probably about a month ago, and maybe even two, and he was, he runs a Christian, small Christian, non profit. He was really discouraged about it, getting ready to throw in the towel. And one of the towel. And one of the things I talked to him, him about was, was simply about how he adds value as as his nonprofit gave him some ideas. And as a result of that, he put together a Bible study course, or like a Bible Bible study workbook for busy professionals. It's like a five week. It's like a five by five by five, so five verses for five days, for five weeks, something like that. And within, like the first 24 hours, he already sold 17 copies at $20 a piece, and and with orders for 12 more. Or, I think it was 24 hours, just within, within, just organically launching it. And so there's this whole mindset shift of, and I don't know exactly where this, where this comes in. I guess my passion really is to, well, I don't even know. I guess part of the the movement maker challenge is also kind of making me, you know, think through some of these things of like, what, what does I feel like? I feel like one of the, I mean, Pedro talked about this in the in the hot seats, and I think you kind of articulated something that I've been feeling for a long time, is that, is that giving, giving people, if the value add is only significance, and it's only some kind of tax, you know, some kind of tax advantage or something like that, it's really a low value add to donors to support these different causes. So how do you how do you move from donors just being kind of an ancillary, yeah, for sure, for sure. Maybe it's just an, you know, that they're kind of like an add on to the organization, but really looking at, how do you add value to your donors? And this individual success really came from, from really that it was like, let me go from like, trying to take money and and serve my passions to how do I serve, serve my people using this skill set that I have. And so really, he's really taking it from just a kind of a conventional nonprofit to almost like a social enterprise type of thing. And the the nonprofit is just a tax status in a lot of ways, for what he's for, what he's actually doing anyway. So I'm processing all this stuff. I really don't know what to do with it. I feel like there's a lot of stuff going on inside of me, because there's part of me that's just like, I just want to be like, I don't know. Forget these people. Let's move on to more interesting people, people who. Are change makers and innovators and and, you know, I don't know what part of me is like. There's, here's another part that's that's tied into this whole journey. I've really enjoyed doing challenges because I feel like it fits my personality well and, and that's something that I haven't gotten through some of the software, especially on the software side of things. So that's a lot of like, I don't know. Just kind of feel like I'm verbally barfing here and just kind of, like, throwing a lot of stuff out there. Yeah, I'm not sure exactly what to do with that stuff. Maybe it's just something that's just, I don't know. I don't even know what to do with it. I'm just kind of thinking out loud, processing, and if any of you guys have any kind of words or insights or encouragement or or anything, any kind of feedback or anything like that, more than, more than open to it. I guess one of the things that I kind of had an art check, to which I've kind of wrestled with is I have a coach and a team member who really have led me down this kind of, this nonprofit direction and, and if I'm completely honest, I'm not sure. Well, you know, I part of it is like I've seen, I've seen some of this. Thanks, Alicia. I'm glad to have safe people that really are fun. I don't know that I've been fully bought into into this, but part of it's like, I don't want to get so hung up on over analyzing, and if these are the people I supposed to be serving, well, let's go serve them. And one of the things I've been looking at too, is like, is there a way that that, you know, just promoting the challenges course to them, and kind of using that as, kind of like the gateway of, like, virtual fundraising, and then, and then allowing them to kind of make that mindset shift of, from just, let's find donors and let's kind of the bottom of the barrel is, let's go stock people and schmooze them and tell them What they want to hear and and get them to contribute to our organization. And instead of actually, genuinely caring about them and providing value to them and making sure that we add value to them, and so, so that the more verbal morphing with but the the whole idea of promoting the challenges course, even if, if it has some kind of, like, follow up coaching program, or like, some kind of like, or I just share things that help, help people process some of their who in their and and their what, how to add value, and how to integrate these things together, and and even even more on the technical sides of marketing and different things like that, and sharing whatever breakthroughs that I've gotten already with them, that part could be, could be really interesting and and the whole thing of providing challenges as kind of a main focus takes a lot of pressure off of me to feel like, except for for software projects, because I have a big support team with that, but it kind of takes the pressure off of me to kind of build something massive and build it all at one time, and it feels to me like it potentially has a lot of value to these to these organizations, if they're willing to make the shift and willing to change. So I don't know, like, there you go. Once again. I thought it was gonna wrap up, and then that came kind of bubbling to the surface. Welcome you guys. This feedback. Appreciate all of you guys, and yeah, take care. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai