Matthias Miller  00:01
Hey, 414 family. So I, I just had to get on, get on a live here, because I am absolutely amped. This is for all of you guys who are, first of all, all of you guys who are going to be in in 100x yay. Like, I can't wait to meet you guys. And I'm super excited for that, this is my first time going really deep with Pedro. And I have been around the block quite a few times with a lot of different trainings, and I confess I haven't spent nearly as much as Pedro has, but I have spent a lot of money on a lot of different trainings, and the value that you guys got in these 30 days is absolutely mind blowing. Hi, Deanna, and and and so when I when, when all of this stuff started unfolding, I was at this point where I had been going it alone for a long time, trying to piece all the different pieces together, trying to make it work. And I was at this point where I was like, I am ready to go all in on the person who can fit all of these pieces together and actually make it make sense to me, like, and actually, not just make it make sense, but actually give me traction moving forward. And I was, I was literally this close from, from, from going with another, another coaching, coaching company, to work through this stuff and and as Pedro continued to unfold this stuff, like, like, all kinds of light bulbs have started, started going off for me. And I just, just now I got access to his challenges course, and I'm going through the challenges course. And it may I like, my mind is, my mind is, is, really is blown right now. Like there's so much, there's so much fantastic, actionable content. One of the things that's been absolutely amazing being part of this group is that as as entrepreneurs, it can be really easy to want to jump to the finish line. And I think, I think one of the things that's been absolutely amazing about the way the training is laid out, the way that this challenge has been run, is that Pedro has intentionally held you back to start with the foundation and put the foundation in place. Because without the right foundation, all of the stuff that you build really does not it just doesn't add up, like it doesn't work. And there's a lot of there's a lot of frustration with that. I made the decision to go deep with Pedro into six by six, and I'll be absolutely honest, there was it's it's not the most, it's not the most I've ever paid for coaching. But there's only been one other time when I've when I've paid more than that, and that was a sorely disappointing experience. It was, it was, it was frustrating. The level and quality of coaching was, was, to be honest, quite horrible. There was a lot of kind of motivational, you know, more pushing than anything else. And it did not end well. And it was in there were a lot of things I was asked to do that was in conflict with with kingdom values, and I could not bring myself. I did everything that I could to make the most out of that coaching program. But it was, it was a disaster. And so when I committed to the to the six by six, I have to confess that there were, there were poverty thinking mindsets that I had to break off at that point. And I think Pedro has talked about this before, that there are certain levels, like we all have have poverty mindset at certain levels. And so for some people, it's like it's a challenge, like spending, you know, spending 100 bucks for the for the 414, plus experience or, or maybe it's the $1,000 and now the $2,000 for the the 100x like, where is that point where you're, like, where that that thing kicks in and, like, start freaking out and all this other kinds of stuff. And I had to confess, there were a few days after I I made the decision to go into six by six, because I've had situations where I paid people money and they didn't show up at all. And I know Pedro's like, super busy doing, doing all kinds of stuff. He's got a lot of stuff going right now. And if I'm completely honest, like, I've seen him deliver, I've seen him come through. I've heard people talk about it. And there's this little thing. There was this little thing, like, well, what if he doesn't, you know, come through. What if he's just, like, super busy and, like, whatever. Like, what we all have a level of fear at a certain point, and so where is that point for you? And what are you going to do to break that off so that you can keep moving forward? The the amount of value that I have gotten in the six by six in the last it's it's it's been about, what about a week? Maybe, that we've been actively, actively engaging within with us, has been absolutely incredible. We've been, we've been able to get the the challenges course as part of this, and that that is absolutely, it's, it's absolutely a game changer. So here's what I want to encourage you. Challenge you with because I think there's so many of us, by the way, hi to all of you guys jumping on. We got some fellow six by six members on this. So feel free to drop some comments and share a little bit more about about the experience. Yes, we are good soil, yes, yes, yes, yes. And if you can get past the disappointment of the people who who haven't shown up. There's a lot of times where we internalize failure. So I used to think I was horrible at selling, and I was horrible at selling what I was selling. But one of the reasons why it was horrible was because I wasn't selling something that I believed in, and it was because I hadn't narrowed down my niche, and I wasn't focused on and like, there's all of these practical, foundational issues that I didn't understand and and like, and so what ended up happening is, I tried, I tried, I tried, I tried. My wife was watching me try it and fail, try it and fail. And like, part of her is like, cheering me on, being like, yay. Like, go for it. You can do this. And another part of me, another part of her is like, when is this guy gonna figure this thing out? Because, again, Pedro kind of described, it described marriage student entrepreneur as, you know, being strapped to the to the back of a motorcycle facing backwards, you know, going 100 miles an hour in one direction, and and that failure that, ha, but that, that those failures that I experienced, I started to internalize, and I started to question and doubt whether I was actually going to be able to figure this thing out, like and, and really, what was starting to happen was this, there's part of the poverty mindset too, that is like, I'm on my own. I'm going to figure it out by my own. Nobody else is looking out for my own best interest. And, and if I don't figure it out, nobody else will. And I had to let go of that and lay that down and be able to say, look, I'm I don't have it within me to figure this thing out. And there's been this shift that's been happening inside of me the last number of months where I'm like, I have to get around people who know this and who are working it out, who are living it out, who are doing it because I can't do this on my own. And second of all, like, I've been stirring this whole thing of Kingdom in my heart. I have to get around my tribe, have to get around my tribe, have to get around my my tribe. I have to find my people. And there's been this incredible shift that's happened to me, to me because of that. And like, I don't even know quite how to put words to it all, but I feel like I'm finding my people, and there's this momentum that's happening for me as a result of all of this. So why do I say all of this? I think it's I think many times when we experience practical failure, we internalize it, and we and we, and we end up thinking that we are broken, when in reality, we are disconnected from family. We are disconnected from the practical tools that we need to succeed. And if we only connected to that, we could get the momentum that we need to move forward. So if you're on the fence, so here it is shameless plug, if you're on the fence, about 100x the four by four challenge that you get as part of jumping in is absolutely incredible. Like, like, the the amount of value that I've received from from any money that I've given given to Pedro, whether it's been this or prior, prior challenges, he's always over delivered and and the one thing I don't want you to do is miss this opportunity and then go scouting around for other people with the expectation that they're going to show up and they're going to show up and they're going to fulfill on their promises just as well as Pedro does. I've been around, as I said, I haven't spent as much money as he has, but I've spent a good deal of my own money on different types of trainings, whether it's in marketing, whether it's in business, entrepreneurship, all of these types of things. And the amount of value that you get for this is absolutely incredible. So I what I don't want you to what I don't want to happen have happen to you is that you try to go it alone and go pursue other avenues that are less incredible than this, and then internalize the failures and start becoming introspective and discouraged about the call that God has put on your life because it's not working for you. If there's a place that you should be, you should be in a place that is with your family, with your tribe, with practical tools that can help you, help you move forward. And yeah, that's it. That's it. That's my heart. Like we There you go, like, ah, get around your people, get around your tribe and and understand that you are good soil and, and I don't even know what, like, what's, what's the next step for you to break poverty off of your life? What is the next step for you to break disappointment off of your life? What is the next step to let go all of this stuff so that what God has put inside of you can be fully released, and so that, so that the Kingdom can be made manifest through you.

Matthias Miller  09:48
I don't know. I'm absolutely overwhelmed. I don't know what else to say. I know we've got a training in a few minutes, so I'm going to hop off and I'm going to go eat it. Just inhale that. But I want you to think about that. What's the next step for you to. Break poverty off of your life, to break disappointment off of your life, and to get around the people who are supposed to be around you and support you during this during this time. So let's go get it you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai