Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey, good morning, you guys. So I wanted to shoot this video, probably as much for my own benefit as for yours, because I wanted to kind of just share some things that I've been learning and realizing about myself working with other people that has made a really big difference in me getting free from offense, and for me getting buried down by other people's decisions and other people's actions. And one of the things that I realized is that I've had this mindset for a very long time, that there's some kind of way that I can control other people's responses and other people's actions, and it's certainly true that I can, I can do things to influence them, and that people have different things that motivate them and that give them, that cause them to take certain types of actions. But at the end of the day, each person is a unique being, and I can't and I can't control them and and here's the problem, if you think that you you can actually control somebody's decisions, then when they make a decision that's contrary to the outcome that you expected, then you end up internalizing that decision, and you have to look inward to understand why you did not influence them, or what you should have changed in order to influence them in a different direction, and and so you end up with these anyway. You just end up internalizing other people's other people's issues. One of the things that's become increasingly clear to me is that other people's responses to me, are more often a reflection of them than it is of me. And you know, when you stop and think about it, this, this is, it's a mindset that makes a lot of sense. But again, walking it out in in day to day life makes an absolutely a huge difference. So when somebody, when somebody does not keep their commitment. You know, it's, it's, it's worth asking the question of what you know, maybe you should have discerned some things earlier. Maybe you should have, I mean, you can ask learning questions as part of that, but at the end of the day that was that ended up being their decision, and it's a reflection of upon them, of of how they of how they responded, and and taking ownership for yourself and how you respond is is absolutely 100% powerful. And I'm looking back now at a lot of different situations in my life where I experienced I allowed situations to steal my joy. I allow them to steal my peace. I allow them. I allowed them to kind of knock the wind out of knock the wind out of me and and what I've realized is that is that in all of those situations, those are all situations where I allowed other people's decisions to I allowed myself to internalize what other people were were projecting on me, and looking back over these, over those decisions, or over those, those situations as I have, as I've looked back over them. Now objectively, I'm realizing that in each of those situations where people responded negatively to me. It was something that seemed like a negative outcome, that while certainly there are places where I contributed to it, a lot of those places ended up it still comes back to the simple thing of them, of it being a reflection upon upon them, and and, yeah, simple as that. And walking, you know, realizing this has has helped me let go of a lot of those types of things. And as you and I guess here's what I'm realizing that the more that I walk in this, the greater my capacity is to to encounter what most people would see as discouraging or challenging situations and not let it get to me and understand that there is, that there is a path forward, and that it doesn't have to, that it doesn't have to get get in the way of of it doesn't have to weigh me down, and it certainly doesn't have to get get in the way of where it is that I'm supposed to be going. So just wanted to share that, share that thought with you guys again. Mostly wanted to share this because it's been so transformational for me that I wanted to kind of have this as as a market, a moment of time of here's what it Yeah, I just wanted to kind of record that for myself. But I also wanted to share with with you guys as well. So have an awesome pride at you guys.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai