Speaker 1  00:00
Know? Yeah, thank you. Sometimes like eight email addresses my opt in from when I about four or five days until I haven't done anything with them

Matthias Miller  00:09
yet. Yeah? I mean, fortunately, these guys have their like, they put their work emails in so they're really easy to track down. Yeah, let me tag i i some of the others might have wanted to let's see.

Matthias Miller  00:42
All right. So I mean no promises I can answer answer any questions, but I'm happy to help

Speaker 1  00:53
whatever way. My first question is, I have a domain for my coaching. Practice alive coach.com right now just have that forwarded to my Facebook page for the coaching. What I kind of wanted was to have a page on that domain that would host my funnel. But I couldn't figure out how

Matthias Miller  01:29
to do it also without redirecting

Unknown Speaker  01:32
my whole domain to click funnels.

Matthias Miller  01:36
The way that you would do it is from a technical standpoint, first of all is you might have two funnels. Your first funnel would be a simple, single page funnel that that, I mean, maybe has a photo and a link to your Facebook profile or something like that, and that would be the default page for your domain. You can have multiple funnels on the same domain,

Speaker 1  02:00
yeah. So what I want is like, Hey, if you just, if you just hear about a live coach.com I want you to hit my facebook page right now, because I don't know, but if you hear about my challenge or my product that I'm offering through, you know, the Facebook ad, I want you to land on my on my funnel page. I think it would be cool if that was a page on my domain. I figured out I could make a sub domain and route that sub domain to the click funnels, but I didn't love that as a solution. I would prefer that it's instead of like challenge dot a live coach.com I would prefer that it was a live ghost.com/but

Speaker 1  02:47
when I actually set it up so that on Click Funnels, I forwarded my domain to click funnels, and then on Click Funnels tried to to route the The root domain to the Facebook page?

Matthias Miller  03:04
No. I mean, yeah, from a technical standpoint, if you really want to do that, you could add, like, a JavaScript redirect, like a little bit of JavaScript code on, so again, you'd have a your main page for the domain. Again, maybe, maybe you have a separate funnel. It's just just for that home page, basically. And have, you can have JavaScript code on that that redirects to your that redirects to your Facebook page, and then your other funnel is also hosted on the same domain. But then the first page of the funnel is, you know, like, seven day challenge or whatever that is,

Unknown Speaker  03:46
okay, that'd be like a blank page. That would be your job script.

Matthias Miller  03:56
The other thing, though, the one thing I do, like this, is, like, I mean, again, just watching, watching Pedro, and well, especially watching Pedro, the thing I do like about the domain is that it makes it easy to say, I mean, I don't know what I forget the name of your challenge, but you know, to have like, WW, dot, catchy name challenge.com, that makes it a lot easier.

Speaker 1  04:22
What I did was I picked a, like, a challenge domain that could host different challenges of different names. So I picked a live coach challenge com, and then, like, you know, forward slash my BRX seven for my seven day challenge. And then I could felt I could just change the name of the challenge for whatever I came up with as I went along. Yeah, anyway, okay, well, that's a there is a technical solution to that. So that's maybe not the most elegant, but good. I can't remember if the reason. That. I think maybe the reason that it wouldn't let me do it is because the domain is not actually hosted by click

Matthias Miller  05:10
funnels. Yeah, so, so you can't do this. You can't do this from a I'm trying to remember if Click Funnels is actual Euro redirection. I don't know what they do.

Speaker 1  05:28
Well, you go into my domain,

Matthias Miller  05:35
all these weird SEO sites that really mess up the junk SEO sites that mess up this search. Yeah, but, but you can't really do it in your in your DNS settings, it's not really well.

Speaker 1  05:49
In your domain settings, there's the first setting is default page. It says set a page to which visitors will be directed when they visit the root path of the domain. And it only allows you to pick something that's within Click

Matthias Miller  06:05
Funnels, right? And so, yeah, exactly. And that's what you'd have to create a page in Click Funnels that that the page then redirects, but

Speaker 1  06:18
they have see what I do. They also have domain forwarding and so I tried to add a domain forwarding over to my Facebook page, and

Matthias Miller  06:32
that did not work. That's probably forwarding. The whole domain probably forwards everything over, I would guess, oh, it just doesn't work. Okay? I think

Speaker 1  06:42
it's being overwritten by the default page for the root URL, because you can't Yeah, you know, I think that that's a higher it's higher up in the decision tree for routing the traffic.

Matthias Miller  06:57
Yeah. I mean, the other thing too is if, if these people who are finding out about you will have a much better chance of of learning about learning about you, if you do send them straight to the challenge, doesn't mean you might not get them on your Facebook page.

Speaker 1  07:16
Yeah. Well, I'm hosting my ads by my Facebook page, by my coaching page. And so what I've been doing there is, if you, if you're if your ad gets more than four likes, then you can go on and invite all the people who like the ad to like your page, which is kind of cool. Alright, so next question would be, I don't know that my pixel in ad manager is working correctly. I'm sure it works fine. I don't know that I set it up correctly. Is

Matthias Miller  07:55
that your custom conversion, or the pixel on your actual

Speaker 1  08:05
Well, who am I ad manager? And you have to set, I guess you set that by campaign. So I have a conversion campaign going on, and let's see. Well, maybe it's in the

Unknown Speaker  08:39
pretty sure, yeah,

Speaker 1  08:48
maybe it's in the I guess it must be in the outside. Let's see campaign. Campaign, okay, yeah, it's in the ad set conversion, and then I guess you can't change it once you

Unknown Speaker  09:19
Yes, new custom conversion

Unknown Speaker  09:26
and

Speaker 1  09:42
the rule I set for this was include all URL traffic where the URL contains.

Speaker 1  09:59
Interesting. Uh, that's why it's not working, because I had set what I did was I set it to be my order page, which was my upsell after, after they registered, I gave them an opportunity to get, like, a front row Q and A seat of zoom. And so I was trying to figure out how to get pixel to understand that what I wanted to get to, I just want them to view the application page. I wanted them to submit the application page. If they hit the submit button, it pushes them to this upsell order page. So I put the conversion of that as, hey, they made it to this order page. Did I do that? Right? Oh, man, um, I don't just want them to view, them view the application. I actually wanted them to hit

Matthias Miller  10:54
submit. Well, oh, so, so if, if the application redirects, and that's all you want to track then, well, that should theoretically work. I think that's this is one of those kind of gray areas where probably I feel more comfortable having Steven speak into it. Why wouldn't you want the, you know, between having the convert, the conversion be set on the upsell versus on the actual thank you page? I so and I don't, I don't know what

Speaker 1  11:26
he Yeah, I mean, basically, well, my funnel is a little clunky, so the way it was was like, hey, opt in. Give me your email address. Next page was, fill out these questions, hit submit. That was the application to get into the free challenge. I'm gonna delete that, but that was how it was set up. Yeah. Then if you hit submit on that, hey, do you want to pay 97 bucks to sit in the front row? And I didn't have a way to for them to say no and get a thank you page, sure. So you never saw my thank you page unless you bought the upsell. Yep. So I was trying, I mean, the way Facebook White says, it says include all URL traffic where the URL contains. So the only way I could confirm that they completed the application was to say that they hit the next step in the product. Yep. So I, I had one person submit an application. Oh, that's what happened. Okay, because I got, I have zero conversions, but I did get an application, and the reason is because I couldn't figure out the application was a Google form. The Google form has its own submit button, yep, but they don't get to the next page unless they click the Click funnel Submit button. It's just talked to a couple people about how to resolve that. I went back and look, I talked to Steve, and he didn't move like he have to custom code him or something. And then I went back and watched Pedro's video on Wufoo, and he did the Wufoo demo on the survey form. And he didn't, he didn't address that either. He just never got that far.

Matthias Miller  13:17
So the only way I would know to do it is, is there's somebody else here. I forget who it was, who was using acuity as well. So whether it's Wufoo or whatever it is, Google, I don't think Google Forms has a redirect to URL, but basically what you have to do then is which, which I had, I played around with this one of my sandboxes, but is, have the survey form redirect to the next page in your funnel.

Speaker 1  13:43
Yeah. So I, I found an article online, a YouTube video like I was teaching people, and he the comments had said that if you have the paid version of blue food, that's one of the options. Yep, you have to pay for it, all right. Well, that's one thing I can do to improve my flow, or I can just make a slightly different funnel, I guess. Alright. So I think I'm confident. Now I understand I had a data mismatch where I knew I had an application submitted, but my Pixel said zero conversions. Now I understand how it got that way, so I think my pixel is doing what I asked it to do. Cool. And apparently, I don't think you can change your pixel. You can't change your conversion event after, after you, like, start the campaign, I guess, yeah,

Matthias Miller  14:40
it's something like that.

Unknown Speaker  14:48
It's kind of obnoxious, but

Matthias Miller  14:52
no, you can try, but it was read only for for me when it was but. Around with it.

Speaker 1  15:00
Yeah, you're right. So change the name of it, but that's all,

Matthias Miller  15:03
yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  15:07
Have you had any trouble? So I started my first campaign and and ran an ad set, and I did an AB test. It's two different ads, and then I wanted to add my next ad set to the campaign, and wouldn't let me.

Matthias Miller  15:34
What did it? What did it say? It's,

Unknown Speaker  15:39
let's, let's say you

Matthias Miller  15:41
were using the Facebook AB test.

Speaker 1  15:46
Yeah. So if I go to, if I'm in my ad sets, and I hit duplicate on the ad set, you know, it gives you the choice to create this in the original campaign, but the blue button to actually duplicate is grayed out, and it says ad sets can't be duplicated into a B test, choose a New or Existing campaign to duplicate this ad set. So then my campaign is just hijacked. Can't add another ad set

Matthias Miller  16:32
to it. On this one, I would ask, I can tell you what, what I do, but this one, I'd be way more comfortable if you get Stevenson put on. I don't use the AB test. I just have multiple ad sets and then see, like, make sure that there's at least some statistical relevance to the numbers. Pick winners from that. But Steven again, yeah, he's different. This is my like, small fine print at the bottom of I will always divert him on these.

Speaker 1  17:10
Now let's see here in Click Funnels, I've tried to use some of the templates, and I see that some of the templates, I can't figure out how to change the background graphic. Well, once you put a photo in there, I can't figure out to get it

Matthias Miller  17:27
out you. I mean, you can just blank out the the image field there, like it's a text field, right with where the where's the background image? And you just so

Speaker 1  17:51
like the templates that you download, it's already blank, even though there's an image there,

Matthias Miller  18:02
yeah, I ran into this and I forget. So you are on the page settings or on

Speaker 1  18:17
a step, and I'm on the section one. Where, I believe this background images. There's

Matthias Miller  18:26
also on the on the top menu, there's a settings background. You look there settings background, and there's BG image.

Speaker 1  18:41
So that's the background for the whole step. Yep,

Matthias Miller  18:48
the whole thing. So does it scroll with

Speaker 1  18:51
the page as you scroll? Oh, the page scrolls in front of it.

Unknown Speaker  18:58
Aha. See. I wanted to figure that out a week or two ago.

Speaker 1  19:07
Okay, that's, that's good. But if I, if I delete that address, the image is going to go away. Sure. Not the best go away. Okay? Yeah, man, yeah, oh, now it's gone, like, I can't even undo it. I can't undo this step

Matthias Miller  19:35
request because now they nailed one of them. We can't go back.

Unknown Speaker  19:40
That's okay. I cannot say anything. Go back. Think here.

Speaker 1  19:51
Another difficult piece about them having is there, is there any way to kind of control the. Uh, fonts on a level above the object.

Matthias Miller  20:09
You mean, like, with level control,

Speaker 1  20:10
like, if I like a template, but I don't like the font, and I want to change the font through the whole thing, instead of every single object and changing the font one at a time. It's

Matthias Miller  20:22
really obnoxious. I'm not aware. I'm not aware of a way, but I don't know. I think there's pieces of quick models that are like, I mean, nice, like multiple things, because that just adds another level of confusion for the novices. But you

Speaker 1  20:38
know what? Up there where you showed me the settings for the page, there is also typography settings, so that those are probably default

Matthias Miller  20:50
fonts for the entire page, where, if you don't overwrite it, that's what it defaults to. Yeah,

Speaker 1  20:55
so Okay, well, at least there's something

Matthias Miller  20:59
that'd be worth a show.

Unknown Speaker  21:02
See what else is up here. Typography, General, background, customs.

Speaker 1  21:11
Do you know on the tracking code? I think I watched one of the Click Funnels videos, maybe those Click Funnels that said you should put your pixel in the footer code of each step for tracking purposes. But there's, oh, this is

Matthias Miller  21:32
the way Pedro taught it was in the funnel settings, putting it in the I think

Matthias Miller  21:42
it was in the head tracking code for the whole funnel, which is that way gets automatically added to every single page.

Speaker 1  21:48
Yeah, so that's great settings for the whole funnel,

Matthias Miller  21:59
very obscure stuff, especially with older the way pixels used to work, where you would actually put some like a custom conversion, you'd have a custom conversion code or something to track conversions, but like now it's all URL based, which makes it way simpler.

Speaker 1  22:19
Well, yeah, I think what else has been a difficulty for me. Have you? Are you on the action edX platinum program? Are you using their email thing? Nope, we

Matthias Miller  22:32
had this, this conversation on the last call we had. I've got a good marketing friend who we I'm part of a small marketing mastermind, and have a fairly savvy Marketing Marketing colleague there. He recommended two of them. The one that he recommended that works well with Click Funnels is ConvertKit. So that's one worth, worth at least looking into if you want an email provider. I'm personally using drip, and I've been using them for a while. They were acquired maybe two years ago or so. Some people say that they've they've kind of gone down a little bit since then. But

Speaker 1  23:13
drip like, d r, I P, T, just

Matthias Miller  23:16
d r, I P just like, drip like, like, the drip of water from a faucet,

Speaker 1  23:24
which is I I talked to a friend about this, and remember if ConvertKit was one of the ones he recommended, but I ended up going with mail, like signing up for MailChimp, because it's supposed to be the most user friendly to get going. But I'm just like, like a bridge, too far, too many, too many different platforms to learn at one time. So I think I'm gonna try to use what's in footfalls for now, like I gave them 100 bucks to get, like, another 30 days, which would have been the love plan anyway, and they gave me the platinum for that. So like, 40 more days of platinum use or whatever. But I'm also very about setting it all up in there and then transitioning into something else cool,

Matthias Miller  24:17
the nice, the nice thing is that you can't, I mean, most, most providers allow you to import exports. I mean, you can download your contacts from Click Funnels and import them into whatever provider you switch to,

Speaker 1  24:30
yeah, but it's just, it's like setting up actual emails attached to the events and formatting those emails. And that'll just start with the easiest solution for now. Yes, yep,

Matthias Miller  24:47
if you want ideas, I mean, there's, there's certainly your options. And once again, I'll keep tell us. I'll just keep saying something. This could also be a great question for Steven. Yeah, no, like, what's the balance between quick and easy and. Yeah, for yourself in the future,

Speaker 1  25:01
I know he uses the platinum version and he also, but I don't know that he uses that email back end, you know, but he's got, he's pretty tech savvy. He's using zapper and all this other stuff. I can do all that stuff, but I can only learn so many things at a time Exactly,

Matthias Miller  25:19
exactly, well, unless you're expecting, you know, I mean, let's, let's believe for the best. Then let's also, there's also a bit of realism, like we're not dealing with, you know, 10s of 1000s of subscribers on this first round, probably not. So there's, there's a reality of that too. I appreciate

Speaker 1  25:40
your time for sure. Yep,

Matthias Miller  25:44
yep. Sounds good anytime.

Speaker 1  25:48
What you where is it that you live in Colorado? It's, it's

Matthias Miller  25:51
Canyon City. Which highway is that off of us 50 and we're like, 30 minutes west of I 25 so like we're kind of West, we're we're off the I 25 corridor, south southwest of Colorado Springs, about an hour something like that.

Speaker 1  26:16
I have to look at this. I lived in Colorado Springs for five years. What part I went to, the Air Force Academy, okay, yeah, it spends a lot of time in monument, north of town, so it's kind of my stomping grounds. Monument, Black Forest, Air Force Academy, yeah, Canyon City is that that's on the way to Winter Park, on the ski resort. There one way. Now there's a ski resort up that way, Winter

Matthias Miller  26:53
Park. Winter Park. I mean, I would expect most of most of the ski resorts you'd be going, you wouldn't necessarily come down that far.

Speaker 1  27:02
No Winter Park. Is there one? What's what skiers arts are up your way?

Matthias Miller  27:11
I mean, honestly, there's a bunch of us. I mean, we would often go to up to monument. What's the name of that one up there. I don't know how much of a snow guy, I'll be honest,

Speaker 1  27:26
looks like maybe it was monarch. We used to go, Yeah, most of them wrap up by 70. But there was one that was down. I'm

Matthias Miller  27:36
sorry. Monarch is down by you would go through. You may go through through past. Can you probably come down Highway nine? You might miss Canyon a little bit, or you, no, you take 24 probably actually,

Speaker 1  27:51
yeah. Oh, so you're pretty close to bud law, so that's like, Fort Carson area, huh?

Matthias Miller  27:55
Yeah, yep, you got a lot of people. I mean, we're close to, like, we get a lot of a lot of military folks living in henrose, for example, because it's really, it's really accessible to Fort Carson or, like early people, yeah, whatever.

Speaker 1  28:15
Cool. All right, some way to get back to work. Man, yeah, absolutely.

Matthias Miller  28:19
Thank you. It's good, you bet. Take care.

Speaker 2  28:22
Thanks for the invite again, guys, I appreciate just well I joined and I listen, even though your spirit, you guys, are way above where I'm at. But see Matthias, I was even able to, you know, because we talked about that email thing. So again, that's a benefit, because I'm absorbing and because I'm I'm actually writing copy right now, so I'm at a lot less stage yet, so I'm not pulling my hair out, which will happen probably soon, but I'm hoping to deflect that, as I'm learning through you guys, because the same thing spirit I was trying to make sure I don't blunder into signing up for the wrong email, You know, converter and all these other things that I don't even know. So very good. So thank you.

Unknown Speaker  29:06
Yeah, nice to see you. Melody, yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai