Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey, good morning, guys. So usually, most of my videos, I just kind of hop on and say what I want to say and disappear, because that's kind of my MO but kind of added in my heart to do more of a longer form processing video with you guys. And which longer form for me might still be just like five minutes, we'll see. But a couple of things. First of all, my I had a really amazing interviewing session yesterday, and went through a lot of stuff centered around, I don't even know what how to say this, but one of the things that happened was this shift into kind of, kind of being forced into, into a path and career that that was a really a bad fit for me, and kind of ended up pushing aside my personality and and so this morning, I just kind of had this churning inside of me, and I was like, hey, Melody, had this churning inside of me. And I was like, I gotta get out. I gotta hear from God on this and like, what's going on inside of me and and as I was so, I'm at the top of a of a ridge here in Colorado, and it's very foggy, and you can't see very far. But as I was coming here, I started processing. And I was like, Well, what if there would be a group of like, kind of processing, who are my people? And in processing, what would it look like to have a group or a community of Kingdom innovators? Because there's this whole set of there's different types of of entrepreneurs. There's some people who will buy a franchise because they just want to follow the specific like steps 1234, and I just want somebody to know, just somebody to tell me the steps. There's, there's other people who who are more freelancers, or they just want to do the work, or maybe they have a team to help them. There's, there's entrepreneurs who, who perhaps are more, more visionary, but I mean the Colby as an example. Shares a difference between innovators and entrepreneurs in this, in that, in that innovators tend to disregard the way things already have have been done, whereas entrepreneurs will find, will seek out ways that it has already been done and either improve upon it or or modify it and and all my life, I mean, I've had these signs of being an innovator and, and I think it's one of, it's a really, it's a really challenging gift to manage, because it can really, I don't know, feel like it's the kind of thing that can really distract you and take you down paths that aren't, well for sure, that aren't conventional. And my first, my first response when facing a problem or something like that, is is not to refine, but it's to innovate and to kind of like, blow it up and like, Let's go a different direction. And I don't know what all this stuff is supposed to look like. I don't even know, yeah, but like, even, even my, the superpower training that I I released, there's a lot of the kind of the inner heart stuff that I shared in the first part that really is born out of being, being an innovator in a non innovative world. Some more processing with this as well is Pedro himself talks about about him being an innovator, and I do think that's one of the things that drew me into 100 acts and into the community, is simply that kind of that common ground, or kind of that connection with him. So I don't know really what this means for me, like, is there? Is there something to oh, actually there, there's on this. Probably about when has it? When was it where we at? I want to say it was last. My time is, time is a mess. I think it was last fall or summer, maybe, maybe it was a year ago. I did a work on a did a work on a software project that was extremely complex, and it was I was one of my manager actually said I was the only person at that, at that, at that company, and this is probably a team of 30 or 40 developers who would, who was able to, to actually do the project. But through that, I realized I kind of developed this pattern, because in some ways it was like this really poor fit for for my kind of Mo, but on the other side, as I was going through this, I kind of had this meta learning experience where I started realizing that there's this pattern that I go through, kind of this unique framework or steps or whatever, because it feels like most people are like, okay, so, so you you build your vision, and then you build. Out your whole plan, and then you start checking off boxes, one by one, by one, by one by one, and that's how you get things done. And like, that's never worked for me. It's always been so frustrating but, but for me, it's been like, Okay, here's a rough picture. Like, let me, let me get the the rough picture of what I want. Let me take the first step forward. Let me learn from the first step forward, and let me adapt and adjust and continue filling in pieces of the picture where, continue filling in the pieces of where, where I need to go through this process and and it's, it's kind of this, this getting feedback from from doing that you like, if you're doing something that hasn't been done before, and you want a proven way to do it. It's probably one of the most driven ways that that you can do it. Obviously, you can't just go copy what somebody else has done. And yes, you can borrow things from other people, but like, like, but if you're doing something new. So there's that whole thing that that's kind of tied into this, and actually wrote, like, a 10 page paper, like, like, explaining this whole thing, and like, different lessons that I learned through the process and all of that stuff, and then melody, yeah, like, like this, the those issues. And I think, I think one of the one of the things that happens is that you've got, I mean, this is one of the things that happened for me, is that is that you try to get pigeonholed into, like, first I got pigeon holed into, kind of as as an employee. And, you know, there was some good stuff that came out, out of that, for sure, but it was also really, it was extremely challenging, as, as you guys saw from my prior video, or even in entrepreneurship, it's like, and I saw, definitely, saw Angelica wrestling with this whole thing, like, there's so many things that that you've got, or that that so many people that, or like so many ideas and so many like possibilities and like all this stuff, that even, even a lot of entrepreneurship centers around people who have maybe a specific skill set, like, like, they know, a specific skill set, or that, you know, They, they, here's an example. My brother in law were for a a printing company, and then, and then took his graphics design skills and started his own business centered around graphics design. And like, that's, I look at that and like, I'm like, well, that's, I mean, that's so obvious. Like, like, why? I mean, it seems like I should just go do that. And, yeah, there's nothing in my heart that really wants to do that. And it's like this, this kind of frustration as as an innovator, when you know that you're born to innovate like, and then like, there's other kind of hard stuff too, that I think, I think a lot of this stuff is kind of been processed, but I know that that my dad often pointed to other innovators in in our small it was a very small rural agricultural community, and like, point at innovators and be like, hey, look, that innovator is completely broke. And I think it it happens all too often with with innovators, is that that the person who makes, who innovates, doesn't necessarily always receive the spoils. And so there's this kind of process of growth and maturity and development that you need to do that. And I feel like I've gotten personal breakthrough, especially in understanding more about who I am and how I show up in the world. And I feel like I haven't exactly gotten my my breakthrough on how to crazy melody. That's cool. I feel like I haven't gotten my breakthrough yet in like, monetizing it. And I think it's one of those reasons why it's kind of frustrating right now with, like, I've, I've spent all this money on ads and and, you know, we got one purchase and followed up with some and they said they wanted, they haven't purchased yet, and need to do some email follow up and all this stuff. And it's just like, like, yeah, anyway, like, what am I saying? So I haven't, haven't, haven't exactly gotten the breakthrough on kind of the monetization side of things. And it feels like that's kind of where it's kind of a block or barrier. I don't know exactly what to say. So like, there is stuff I'm processing, and I guess one of the ideas or one of the thoughts I had, and this is, like, this is so typical. Like, like, this is so typical. So, so starting a project and not seeing immediate results, and then brainstorming, and so just because I'm brainstorming, and there's, like, this whole processing thing that needs to happen, like, even do anything with it. But like, Wouldn't it be cool to have a community of of Kingdom innovators, not not necessarily, specifically entrepreneurs, but people who are called to innovate and and you know, what would that look Like, and what kind of support would you give? Yeah, yes, yes. So anyway, there's just kind of my processing. I'm not sure exactly what to do with it. Maybe it's helpful to some of you guys. I think it's something that I just kind of take before the Lord and continue. Are allowing him to

Matthias Miller  10:03
work it out in me. So there you go. If any of you guys have any words or thoughts or perspective or anything like that, would love to hear and yeah, cool. Yeah. It's cool to be part of a group of people that it's kind of that are so much we have so much in common, yet such such variety and gifting. It's so yeah, it's been powerful supporting for sure, for sure, for sure, for sure, for sure. Awesome. Take care guys, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai