Matthias Miller  00:01
All right, so in processing more of this stuff, I think I've posted in this group before, and processing more of Jen's dream and how to apply all of this stuff, and again, field of favor, what's worked all of that stuff. And so I don't know if this is I almost didn't share it to the group because I didn't want to like over I don't know, just, I don't know, spend a lot of time on this, if, if I shouldn't be spending a lot of time on this. But the last little while, I've been working on so my background is in software development, and we've been doing work for a large financial institution or company that builds software for large financial financial institutions, and recently, we've been working on building custom software solutions for businesses and nonprofits. And this was actually kind of what initially took us down into the nonprofit sector, was because we did a number of projects for nonprofits, and it was like, well, maybe this is an interesting avenue to go. We have the ability to build both custom and kind of have stock components that we can customize, fully customized for these. It's a lot of kind of order management solutions, or different types of workflow management, kind of those, those the challenges that it's all been custom up to this point, which makes it somewhat hard to find a niche and to scale. There are a few patterns that we've seen. We've seen some some success in the Order, order management space, in the construction industry, or in, yeah, in some of those, those places, we have also developed a an HR, well, so, so a couple of the pieces that we have at our disposal. It's a basic CRM, some project management tools, some time tracking tools, accounting system that we're actively built, building out and actually using internally. We've got invoicing. We've got some HR tools, such as 360 assessments, paid time off, tracking some some recurring task management, types of, types of stuff. We have got, there's some other pieces that have completely well sales, pipeline management. So a number of different tools like that that are definitely to be used at our disposal. So there's a couple of places we could go. One is, one is a semi, semi stock solution, into a into a specific niche. The other approach is going more custom and using these as building blocks and or trying to land more custom projects and finding places where we we have a better profit margin on them, because it's we've been, it's been tight for some of the some of the places we've gone. The other avenue, with this whole softer background, and this is my piece in the in in this in the development process, has all all been, it's kind of been refined into the senior leadership, slash requirements gathering, so where I interact, interface closely with the client and help develop the the user requirements for the project, which is a fairly rare skill. And so we can either use that, I can either use that skill as a way to to build out more software projects. And there's another way that this could be applied, which is simply rescuing, rescuing broken projects. So I hear stories all the time at different companies who are who, who start a software project. They hire some random company, and then, you know, they're double their budget and two thirds of the way through, and they still haven't completed it, and they're not on timeline, and all this other kinds of stuff. And there's different reasons for that. Sometimes it's just incompetence of the development team. Many times, it comes down to not clearly defining what, what it actually is that you're wanting to build, and what the outcomes are that you want. And that is a tremendously valuable thing in your tool belt. So one option would be to have something like a a day engagement with with people who are looking to do this and or, you know, whatever time frame the engagement is, but help them to clearly define that in a way that a development team can go build it and have you know, increased this, the likelihood of success of the project, easily by 50% probably even, even, maybe even more than that. That's something that is definitely my in my field of favor, and that I think I would do well at one of the and, yeah, and it's tremendous value. I think that's something that you could easily, easily charge a five ticket, a five figure fee for, just because of the value that's that's included. There. One of the challenges I have with that is kind of, like, how do I I don't know how to approach this from a marketing standpoint. Like, like, who. Who do I target with this? How do I target them? How do I get them engaged in the conversation? I think I can definitely, we can. We can definitely establish proof, if needed, for some of those things. But when I'm looking at what's in my hand right now, there's, there's the piece where there is, like, there's a tremendous, tremendous amount of value that's available that, to be honest, they probably been under charging for it. But if marketed correctly to the right people, could have a tremendous Could, could be a tremendous win, so, and a huge win, win. So just wanted to share that, because I felt like it was important to get this kind of, that aspect of it out on the table. I table. So there it is. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai