Matthias Miller  00:00
All right, good evening to you guys. So just a quick announcement, and if you're a member of the virtual nonprofit group, you may you may have seen some details about that, or you'll be seeing some details about that soon. But quick announcement, we are putting together a special event for nonprofits who are looking to navigate this this time, and we have got some pretty incredible material that we're putting together, tools and resources that we're putting together for organizations during this time. I absolutely believe that this event will be game changing for the organizations who show up. Just as an example, we have as part of this, we've developed a tool with Richard Koch, author of the 8020 principle, which has sold over a million copies. So we've collaborated with him to develop a special tool for nonprofits to understand how they can how they can stand out, and how they can thrive in this, in this situation that they're in and that we're in collectively, there's going to be, there's, there's other things too, that we're going to go, go over. I can't go into detail right now, because I'm about to head out of the office, but I encourage you, if you know a nonprofit leader, I urge you to to tag them, to share this with them, forward it to them, send them the link, because I really believe that that for the for the people who will be at this event, it's a virtual event that we're putting on that for for the people who will be at this event, it's it. It really is going to be game changing for them and so, and so and we're committed to doing absolutely everything that we can to help nonprofits. Moving forward, during this time, the price is, I'll be honest, I don't think the price is reasonable. I think it's unreasonably low. I think we're giving a tremendous amount of value, but I also know that there's a lot of a lot of hesitation on people's part to invest in some of these things. So I urge you check it out. Help us, help others. And yeah, that's it. Have a fantastic weekend, guys. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai