Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey, I wanted to jump on and do my homework really quickly, and I actually have the questions typed out more specifically on my screen to pulling that up, but so the two questions were, how clear are you about your who? And I've I've been working with, have been working to kind of narrow that down and focus on that, and I'm really working to serve Child and Family Service nonprofits right now. And one of the things that I'm doing right now with that is the the kind of the result, or the transformation, is helping them with virtual fundraising by executing value focused challenges for their ideal donors. So, so that's kind of the like, that's like the homework thing. But one of the things that I was it was kind of like processing this morning with all of this. Was, it was, it was a good reminder in today's training, like, how easy it is to kind of get stuck in the clouds with this ethereal like, Let's go serve everyone and all this stuff. One of the things that happens when you focus down onto a niche, and I'm saying this because this is what happened for me, is that, well, there's a lot of things that become easier. First of all, if you actually know who you're wanting to reach, you can find ways to reach them, but you It also gives you the opportunity to actually find ways to serve them, and it helps you to like, like, actually understand and articulate the problems that they're that they face, so that you can meet them, meet them where they're at. So this whole thing of of knowing who you serve and what's the big result, promise, transformation that you offer, what's the what's the problem that you solve for them? Is absolutely, it's it's absolutely game changing. So the other thing that really stood out to me was, was what Pedro said, because this is like, been super true. He said, I must fight for the clarity. I must wrestle for the for my for the words. I must define my distinctions. I must define my difference, like this whole wrestling for clarity. I think sometimes it's the hardest part, and especially as entrepreneurs, it can be really easy to get distracted and go chasing one thing or after the other. I know one of the kind of, one of the battles that I've had to face and had to fight like, tooth and nail is when you're when you're up against something that isn't working or not working as well as you wanted to, learning how to kind of steward that and make the mistakes you learn from your mistakes, capitalizing the lessons. And then sometimes it can be really tempting to just kind of, like, throw, throw a bomb in the middle of the mess, and, like, blow it all up and start over instead of actually kind of digging, digging in your heels, and, like, pushing through, like, fighting for the clarity. Like, like, where did it go wrong, and where do I need to tweak things and, and what do I need to improve? So that was a major takeaway for for today, and just a good reminder to continue fighting for the clarity and continue wrestling for the words and and continue trusting the process. So shout out to to all the rest of you guys and all the rest of you movement makers. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai