Matthias Miller  00:01
Yo Yo. What's up, my friends? What's going on? Hey, we're gonna give people a chance to hop on here. But wanted to start out with a fun little story. Hopefully your your week is often awesome. Start fun little story. So every day when I'm I have a call with the team member, and I go on a walk, and it's good chance to get outdoors and get some sunshine, get some movement, get some activity, keep the blood flowing. And today, here's, here's, so here's, here's the topic of the video. Topic of the video today is three steps to scale your your business, and here's how not to do it. So I was walking along and I saw these, these two guys and hard hats and reflective vests and all that stuff. And they had this big rope tied around a tree, and they had it tied to the front of their truck, keeping it anchored. And they were disassembling this thing piece by piece by piece. And I almost snapped a picture. I should have snapped a picture. I didn't, and I thought it was a perfect, perfect picture of what not to do. Don't let your tree die, and don't make yourself go hire a bunch of guys to cut it down, piece by piece by piece, and end up with a bunch of things that are just going to burn. So that's just kind of a silly little story to to to keep your keep your week rolling today. But wanted to share an article that we just wrapped up and just hit the press. And we have had a number of people reaching out to ask about about three steps to scale your business. And it's an easy to read article, three or four pages, lots of great content. And so if you are looking to reduce the to improve the outcome of the business, of your business, the outcome of the of your deliverables, and you're wanting to to use your time more effectively, and you're wanting to reduce the stress of of kind of the load that is on you in your business. Hit me up, send me a message, drop a comment, and we will get that over to you. And meanwhile, be sure you watch out for dead trees and keep keep watering your trees, keep them alive, keep them growing. Because that's that's really at the essence of of that. And there was another important lesson with this. I'll throw this in something else that's an important lesson with this, is that if you let your tree, if you water your tree, and you allow it to grow, and you allow it to its roots, to go deep into the ground, it's going to take a lot of effort through that thing, and that's exactly what this article is going to help you to do. So doc comment, send me a message, and we will catch you guys later. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai