Matthias Miller  00:02
Alright, good morning. Good morning. 414, challenge, family, this has been it's been fun watching you guys videos, and this has been absolutely a wonderful ride. So I wanted to start by sharing a little bit about the field of favor. And this has been absolutely eye opening for me through a bunch of things that I've gone through similar processes before. So there's a lot of these things that were pretty familiar from before, but but one of the things that emerged with the especially with the field of favor, is that I've found a lot of favor with people who are highly who are very heart centered, and who have, I don't know they're just that. They're They're super, super heart centric, centered, by the way. To all of you all who are watching the video, love to have your feedback on this as I go, as I go through this, and there have been different things, as far as you know, what's my what's my expertise? Certainly, there's a really strong thing in tech which, which has been an interesting backstory, but which I've actually kind of run from. But part of that is related to the people I was working with which I didn't realize, and that's part of the crazy thing, and the other centers around kind of marketing and strategic thinking and strategic planning, and so those are kind of, kind of my superpowers. But then one of the things, yeah, it's just been fascinating how those, how those tie together. But then as I started digging deeper into that, so we've been doing different, different consulting, consulting projects for for nonprofit clients, and probably about a year ago, decided to dive deeper into that. And so there's been a process getting up to this point, and we're working with definitely smaller organizations, mostly past the startup phase, but still small in the grand scheme of things, most of them we're working with executive directors, and most of them are high empathy. The best ones are high empathy, Heart. Heart centric. Tend to be really trusting. They're teachable and humble. And we found that the organizations we work with are centered around, well, I say this, some of this, we kind of realized. What we realized was it was people, organizations that worked with people. But then, as I started thinking about it, a lot of these organizations, like, like, I don't know, here's just a crazy story. So I wrote this book, winning together, and had a book signing, and the person who walked at me and wanted to talk to me about this was like, this therapist who, who's like, this is, this is absolutely amazing. Like, I love this book. I love what you're doing. Or, you know her, were at a at a special training regarding domestic violence and and the the therapist who was leading, leading the training, was like, Look, you gotta write a book about about power differentials in in the church, or with spirituality. And so there's been this affinity to people who do social work, who do who work with mental health, who do some kind of, like spiritual transfer, transformation stuff. So that was like, super eye opening. But then when I got more specific, I realized that I've been working with a lot of these, a lot of these directors. I mean, this is kind of the case in the nonprofit sector anyway, that it's excuse largely female, but that these are, like women, 5050, plus, typically, typically in that range. And so here's, here's the other thing that was absolutely crazy. I started thinking back about these, these people, and there's, there's this thread that, oh, actually, sorry. One more thing before we get to that, like in this field of favor, one of the things that that was really kind of narrowed in for me is focusing more on the almost like the rural, not, not completely rural nonprofit, but more the of the rural nonprofits, because they have a very different feel. And so we're actually looking at a, it's a fairly large region, but west, west, slash Midwest, kind of multi state region who share a lot of similar kind of values, kind of in that space and but, and so here's the thing that, as I was I was thinking this morning about like these people that I've worked for, and I had this and this realization that this is partially because of the types of organizations that I've had this affinity to, and partially just because of these people, is that there's this common thread that they love horses like this is like, and this is weird for me, because I grew up around around horses, but I'll be honest, I hated them. And there's this, like, I don't know, like, how random is that you're Hang on, hang on, just a second. So then the other thing was that, so I had a dream last night too, and. And in the dream, I went on this bike ride, which is, which is something I just do for fun, when I when I need to get out. But I went to this bike ride, and I don't like, like, in the bike ride, I knew that I had, you know, been biking for a while, and I, and I was in the got to the city, into a city. It was a large city, and was turning off the highway onto, um, turning off the intersection. All the traffic was stopped. It was getting, getting ready to turn off, and it had already gotten dark, and it had been dark when I left, and I just thought that, that, you know, I should, I should text, I should text my wife, let her know when I'm going to be home. I should, you know, I should have grabbed the light when I left, and I looked down, and my bike doesn't usually have a light, but there was a light on the front of the bike. I was like, well, that's awesome. And I started going down this, this path. And as I as I go down this path, there's like, these, all these animals, like, sleeping on the path. And I'm like, immediately, I'm like, Well, okay, so are they dangerous? Are they not or, like, what's going on? And kind of yell out to them, and I'm like, like, you know, to wake him up, get him out of the way, and, like, literally drive my bike over one of them, which sounds incredibly cruel to a sleeping animal, but it was a dream. So there you have it. And in that moment, I kind of woke up and, or I didn't actually woke up, but it felt to me like something shifted in the dream, like, almost like I had a, I don't know, I don't know if I was dreaming within a dream, or exactly what, but, and I saw this map, and on the map there was this path, and this path was going straight through, like this, this area that was marked, kind of like it was kind of like a fearful or, like, like, lots of fear or danger or whatever. And, but it was like it was a safety zone, like, like, it looked bad, but it wasn't bad. And, and, and so there was that. And then there was also kind of this dream, and it couldn't tell whether this is like, this is one of those where it was like a vivid dream, but it was like this sense, like kept going from place to place, and the sense that there were people who were lost, and they belonged. I mean, I'm in Colorado, and they and they belonged in in Colorado, like they belonged here and and, and so kind of as I was processing this, and here's where I'd love to hear your guys's feedback on this, is like, as I was processing this, like it just felt to me like there were, there were a lot of the people that I'm called to serve that are in this place where maybe it's even dual meanings for me, certainly I have felt, I have felt lost and and, and actually had somebody share with me prophetically, gave me a word yesterday about staying, about camping out in Psalm 23 which talks about going through the valley of the shadow of Death. And so there's like, there's that too, but like, like, also, a lot of these people are feeling lost, lacking a sense of direction, and not even knowing where to go, and especially with state of events in this world. Like, it's almost like they're, they're turned around, and things have suddenly gotten dark and and they, they know they want to get home, but like, there's these, these barriers that are standing between them and where they know they need to be and,

Matthias Miller  08:10
yeah, like, I don't know, like, it's just, it's just that, and, you know, tying back to the very thing at the very beginning, like, there's, there's an incredible amount of compassion that I have for these people. There's some of the most heart centric people that I know, some of the the best sort of people sometimes taken advantage of because of their how trusting they are and how much, how much they love the people around around them. So still kind of processing what to do with all of that. So if any of you guys who are listening have any kind of comments or feedback or prophetic insight or interpretation or word or anything like that, more than, more than open to that, but I'm just wanted to share that those are my processings and field of favor and the dream and all of that. So this has definitely been well, well worth the time and well worth the $0 to be here, or the $97 is less, but, yeah, that's it. Love seeing you guys with what everybody else is sharing, and can't wait for today's training. Do.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai