Matthias Miller  00:03
All right, I think we're almost on. I've got to give this a second to fire up.

Matthias Miller  00:17
All right, all right. All right. Here we are. Welcome to you guys. Let me switch this over to the gallery view so you guys can see Ian on here as well. And hopefully your week is off to an awesome start, and looks like I am listening to myself talking here. So give me just one second here so I'm here again with here again with Ian, and back for our Monday, Monday mentoring call, I suppose. And one of the things we were talking about last week, we're just going to dive straight into this, because I love diving straight into the deep end of the pool. One of the things we were talking about last week is about systems, and we started touching on this a little bit. And there's this, there's this kind of, this tension between entrepreneurs and CEOs, between systems, between wanting to have the benefits of systems, and yet naturally resisting being like jammed straight into the middle of one. And I don't know it's just, it's one of those things, but one of the things that you see consistently is that when somebody catches a vision for systems, and the way that systems can, can they, they reduce surprises, they help things, you know, flow consistently. And when they discover that, that there are people who actually love systems and love working within them, working with them, like there's all kinds of things that really change from from that point. So Ian, I'm excited to be talking about this today, because I think if there's anybody who lives, breathes, eats systems, it's you. You're definitely, Yep, exactly. Ian is a guy on our team who's always, who's always talking about that, thinking about that, and not just because I think I do it, because I see the value and the benefit from it, but if it's hardwired into anybody's DNA, it's hardwired within, within Ian's DNA. So I wanted to start by talking about, well, there's two things that I wanted to start by talking about and let you kind of jump in, jump in whenever. Just go ahead and interrupt and and have at it. I think one of the foundational problems that I see with people implementing systems is, and this is, this is kind of an angle that I, I probably bring to the table fairly strongly, is that systems, systems only work when you have the right people in play. And one of the things that I've consistently seen in different different places where people are trying to gain efficiency by implementing systems is that they end up implementing systems at the sacrifice of people. And something that we just started touching on a little bit last week, and we just towards the end of kind of the end of our Facebook Live, was how that systems are meant to be like systems are meant to serve people and people are not meant to serve systems. So I'd love to hear kind of your thoughts from Jim. Any more thoughts on how that practically plays out on a day to day basis?

Speaker 1  03:58
Yeah, well, you know, that's something that that I've had to learn along the way, and I think you nailed it. It's not You're not building a system and then serving your system. Your system is built to serve and to facilitate your people so that they can do what they thrive at. And I'm just thinking about how systems have worked, how the reason that I get so excited about systems in my own life is because it, it provides, it sets me free to actually do what, what I enjoy. Now, managing a system definitely takes work, but a good system is going to actually do for you what you used to have to do yourself. And so rather than me having to try to remember all the details in my mind, if I have a system, then I'll lean hard on my system. And sometimes it's to the point where if my system stops, where. King. Then all of a sudden, my life goes haywire, and it's like, what do I need to do? And so a system is something, just like you said, something that serves your people. And at the end of the day, a good system is never going to run your business if you don't have the people you can trust within that business. But it is amazing tool to allow your people to do what you need them to do, and so they can do their best work in your business or your organization. Yep,

Matthias Miller  05:32
and I think one of the things that you touched on is really important, because again, like we talk about this, or we've, we've talked about this at great length of kind of like, like, even you have a very unique way of looking at at the world, it's just just the reality of it. And one of the things that you naturally look at is conservation, of conservation and efficient use of resources. And when you're dealing with a a strong, visionary, somebody who's or, you know, sometimes salesperson, or somebody like that, the only thing that they look at is creating opportunity. And there's, there's certainly a lot to be said for creating opportunity, but there comes a point in every at a certain stage of growth in every business, and it happens at multiple stages where you've reached the limit of your capacity. And so as the leader, there are certain things that like, like, there's a finite number of things that we're able to keep in our heads at any given time. And and as team members, like, there's a finite number of things that team members can keep in their head at any given time. And I really like what you said, how you described it, because, because systems really are that, that those things, if like, it's the idea of, how can we, how can, how can we take all of the the incidental things of of just the work that we need to do, and how do we make so that people don't have to remember to do that, so that, so that they could focus on the on the real essence of the work that they're doing. So so one of the questions that I have for you is there's a certain thought process that you embrace when you're when you're approaching a situation, if you were to teach somebody else a little bit about, like, what are some of the first things that you look at when you're looking at something that that that maybe requires a lot of effort, it's not very efficient. Like, what are some of the first thoughts that go into your mind go through your mind as you're taking a look at that.

Speaker 1  07:45
Yeah, well, I always love asking the question, and maybe people don't like hearing this question, but I love asking so what's the end goal? Where are we headed, and what's the purpose? And so first of all, we have to figure out what's the purpose of of this task or this activity. And so looking at what's the purpose can some helps me at least start thinking through so is there a different way that we can do what we're doing here to cut down on whether it's the amount of steps or whether it's the amount of of detours or twists and turns, how can we straighten the path from here to the end goal so that we can get there more efficiently and with less less twists and turns, less resources? The other thing that I like looking at is, where are there repeated are there repeated tasks? So are there tasks that are being repeated along the way? Are there steps that are recurring? And how can we systematize that? Are there ways that we can make this thing happen in in a predictable pattern, rather than it being this jumbled list of of tasks or steps. And oftentimes people looking at it are like, well, there's no way that this can be systematized, or there's no pattern here. But I think asking the question, Where are we headed? What's the purpose? What's then goal, can help us, first and foremost, see where are we going, and then talk about next. Well, is there a better way to get there, which helps us strengthen the path, which then helps us see those things that can be systematized as things that can be turned into a pattern that not just I have to do, but maybe someone else could do or who loves that kind of work anyway, or an automation or software or another thing, something else can do it that so I don't have to do it. And that's sort of the secret behind my excitement about about systems, because it reduces. Is the amount of work that I have to do, which could be called laziness, but I like to call it efficiency.

Matthias Miller  10:06
Exactly reminds me of a saying that I had with one of my friends in high school that was basically our. Phrase was, I'm not lazy, I'm just energy efficient. That was kind of our, yeah, our our way of patterning it, but really, so there's a handful of things I want to emphasize with that, because the whole question of where we ultimately headed, I think, I think one of the resistance against systems, and if I'm you know, not to make this political, but one of the problems that we see in the legal system is that we have, we have systems that are put in place to prevent a specific instance of a problem. But it's not actually directing us towards the end goal that we really want, and it's not necessarily even the best way of getting to the end goal. It's just like, here's like, like, here's a problem, here's a hammer, and so let's fix it like this and and I think one of the reasons why, as a leader. One of the, one of the things that's so comforting to me about systems is when we actually take the opportunity to say, like, is this aligned with our end goal? I know that we're not. We're not implementing systems for the sake of systems. We're implementing systems for the sake of achieving the outcome that we want. And I think, I think, honestly, that's that's huge, because many times. I mean, there's many times we get stuck in solving the wrong problem, like, what's the answer to this problem? And we get tunnel vision about that, and when we step away, then we can actually find that straightest line that you were talking about.

Speaker 1  11:36
One thing, can I interject something there? So something that I've seen both in, yeah, in various places that I've had the opportunity to serve, is that we sometimes when things start out, you're doing a certain way, because that is the most efficient way to do it. But as organizations and businesses grow, what used to be the most efficient way. It's no longer the most efficient way, because you're going from one man business to a team, and then all of a sudden you're you find yourself doing things that, if you step back and look at where are we headed, you're like, Well, you know, we should we could do it this way, or we there's no reason to do this anymore, because we're we're doing this which already makes a happen. And so you can eliminate Step A, because steps B and C already take care of that. And so that's why, when you consistent, when you're constantly looking at, what kind of system do we need to enable us to reach that goal? You're going to along the way find yourself adjusting and and and coming up with new systems, and that's one of the things that maybe one of the resistances or systems is that, well, I don't know for sure if this is the best way. Well, maybe you just need to get started and start developing a system with the idea that this is not locking me into this for the next 10 years. It's just simply the way that I'm going to build my system for now. You have to keep thinking about the end goal, so that you can build a system that isn't going to be torn down in the next year and built up again. But you can't be afraid of change, because you will have to change your system along the way. It's inevitable.

Matthias Miller  13:32
And I think, I think with that too, one of the things that we sometimes feel as leaders is systems to us feel constraining versus freeing. And like, it's the painful shift that every leader has to make. We understand that there's an incredible amount of discipline that goes into into professional athletes and and you know, if I'm fully honest, like, this is one of the places where I've had to be, had to be challenged, is if I'm if I want to show up in the same way as a leader, there are certain systems and disciplines that I'm going to have to put into place, and it's hard, and it's not easy, but I'm going to take the chance to go, Well, let me finish that thought, and then I want to Go chase a bunny trail here. But I think when, when, when leaders start to see how much systems free of themselves and free of other people, so that, so that, when there's something that happens for all of us, when you show it with the clarity to know like, this is what I need to do, this is how I need to do it, and this is what I need to do in order to win. And if you, if you have that on a consistent basis, and you know that following these steps will cause you to win, like you start showing up differently, your team starts showing up differently, and yeah, and so making that kind of emotional shift inside of you as a leader is is absolutely like, it really is a game changer. One of the things that I wanted to touch on a little bit, and this is, like. Like, this is a side note, but this is going going into some more this the cognitive sciences. One of the things that we use a lot at Code house is the Colby index, and one of the reasons why is because it helps. It takes a look at a part of the brain that other that isn't measured other ways, and it's it's all around the concept that all of us have a certain pattern for taking action. And so there are some people who will naturally create systems, and there are other people who are on the on the opposite end of the spectrum, who will resist, who will shortcut systems. And their systems are much more limited. They're the people who have like there are people who put things into filing cabinets and and letter them and letter them, and number them, and all those types of things. And then there are people whose level organization, which I'm kind of looking at my own desk right now, because I'll be honest, this is me, but whatever is needed is visible in plain sight, and that's the level of organization they need. The question then becomes, if you're not, if you're not a, you know that creative, final creative system, created structure. Kind of person, how do you actually like are you doomed? One of the fascinating things about about this, about the some of these cognitive sciences, is that even though we have a natural patent, a natural way of taking action, our habits are actually skilled behaviors. And so you can build habits around creating, around creating systems, around creating, creating those things that fit you well and and really creating those habits, and creating those like, like, those little triggers that that get you into the right mode, taking the right course of action, really are a way of, I mean, I kind of want to say hacking and tricking, except it's not even that. It's training you how to, how to fit into that. So one of the things that I hear a lot is this question of, and this is, I've heard it a good bit in the construction space, and there's definitely some other other areas where I've heard this is, is the difficulty of funding somebody who can do a job with excellence with the same level of attention to detail. And I have a whole lot of thoughts on that, because we understand that some of that comes down to finding the right person for the job. But I'm curious to hear your thoughts of how, like, how have you seen systems help or not help in that kind of attention to attention to detail?

Speaker 1  17:41
Yes, you're wondering, how do systems facilitate that, attention to detail, make that, make that possible? Is that what you're asking? Yes, yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:50
yes. Or is there a like, Can they do it? How do they do it? Are there limitations that they can't do it? I'm curious if you have thoughts on that.

Speaker 1  18:00
Yeah. Yeah. So that's a great question. I think, first of all, a system is only as good as as your people are in following up and following the system. And I'm just thinking of myself how it's easy to develop a system. The hard part is actually allowing the system to have enough authority in your life to follow it. And so I think the starting point is, what, what do your people need to to be able to what do they need in order to bring clarity to what you're about or what you're doing, and do they need an email reminder? Do they need a text reminder? Do they need a checklist in front of them on the desk? What? What is going to provide that trigger that's going to make sure details aren't falling through the cracks and it can't rely on on your memory, or else it's you're going to have things falling through the cracks. So it has to be a system that is triggering actions and bringing clarity to what they're doing. And the thing is, you can't have a system that one size fits all, and so each leader is going to need to look at so what do our what does my team need here to be able to bring clarity? So I think a good system will ensure that there's attention to detail. If you as a team are agreed that we're going to hold each other accountable to this system, and as soon as they see the leaders not being accountable himself to the system, the system will no longer ensure attention to detail when the leader isn't making sure he is doing it, when his people are not being asked about it, when it's. Being held in front of you day after day. The the system's just simply going to become one of those obsolete ideas that just gets lost in the shuffle and everyone reverts back to what's what the easiest route is, which is often avoiding accountability. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  20:18
yeah. That's deep. That's good.

Matthias Miller  20:28
So a lot of this stuff comes down to a culture of, I mean really, it comes down to a culture of accountability, of allowing ourselves to be accountable to the systems, the systems that we create to serve us along and and holding ourselves accountable to those systems,

Speaker 1  20:53
yes, and, and one thing I'll add is that the first step is important, which is what kind of system is going to work for us as a team, and you need to involve your team in that, because otherwise your team may or may not work well with that system. Maybe the system is just very tedious, and maybe it's not going to fit the way they work, and so it's good to hear feedback from them. So how could we make this system easier for you, or how can we make it as intuitive as possible? But once we're committed to using this system, we we need to use it, and we need to be able to share when we can improve it. We need to keep improving it. But if we're, if we're not agreed as a team that we're going to use this, it's not going to be a system at all. It's just simply this thing somewhere that someone brainstormed in this fancy tool that sitting on the shelf and never being used.

Matthias Miller  21:54
Yeah, yeah, yeah, getting getting a buy in. I mean, it's not just buy in. It's Lynn bertaine has this awesome concept, what he calls, oh, I can't even remember what he calls it. He calls a company's assets as the shared body of knowledge that the organization has and and and that islands of knowledge are one of the major threats to an organization, which, again, it feels like I'm constantly being challenged in my leadership journey, but, but this is one of those things that I've been been fighting again, kind of with renewed energy, is fighting against this, the islands of knowledge, one example, one practical example I can think of, is one of our clients is, is doing they have a custom, fairly highly customized deliverables in their in their business, and they're wanting to get profitability tracking on those individual pieces. But with it, they're wanting to create a system that has, like, balancing the two needs. One is of the people working in the system like, you can't be so so dogged and so rigid that, like, it makes it almost impossible to actually like use and you spend more time using it that, like it becomes so difficult to use nobody, nobody actually gives them the inputs. On the other hand, it needs to be good enough so that, I mean, if, if they're just making up numbers for their profitability tracking, that's not good enough for them to actually get good reporting. So you have this tension between what the business owners want to do in tracking profitability and what the team members are actually willing to do. And that's where you have that shared body of knowledge, where, when you're working together, to get those like, to get both sides of that equation together, and the outcome, what we're ending up doing, I think, is actually, and really largely, largely credit to their genius, is a nice compromise between those two, or not even a compromise, but kind of like Bringing those two pieces together in a great way. I Yeah, there was one other thing. And I think one of the things, I think one of the things we could talk about next time, we're running out of time here, one of the things I think would be great to talk about next time, is that, is that systems don't have to be complicated and, and there's a lot of this that actually comes down to a who conversation around your systems and having the right who in the middle of everything really changes. Changes the game. One of the things that that. You know, I have talked with, talked talked about quite a bit, is that there's certain, certain things that I cannot help but see when I walk into a situation and they are staring me in the face. And I think I I've matured, hopefully to pass becoming too condescending about people, but I just don't get it like, Why? Why would people like? It just looks like a stupid, obvious oversight. But the reality is, we all have different perspectives. Same for same for Ian, and same for a lot of you listening. All of you listening is that when you walk into a situation, there's a certain pattern of things that you immediately recognize, and anyway, so I'm jumping way into, into where, where I'd like to dive into deeper next week. But it doesn't have to be complicated. And there's, there's some great who questions around actually implementing this, and a lot of these questions of of how do you how to ensure that that attention to detail can actually be implemented with some fairly basic, basic systems as well. Yeah, I'm curious if you have any kind of thought to wrap it up, or maybe even some kind of action point or thinking point for people as they're thinking about putting systems into their

Speaker 1  26:24
business? Yeah, well, the the main thing that that I think could be a really helpful starting point, is getting outside perspective. So even pulling someone in from whether it's a different department in the business, whether it's asking your mentor, your business coach, getting outside perspective can sometimes bring clarity, just because when you're out of the weeds, you can ask the questions that you would never think to ask yourself. I think one thing to keep in mind is that developing systems takes time. It takes investment. It's well worth it, if you just think about if you're thinking about it on a from a return on investment standpoint, it can sometimes be helpful to just step back and think, What is this? What is this enabling me to do, or what's this saving me from doing? And you might spend a you might have to start by blocking out whole morning to just step back and take a look. And it's well worth your time. You could have spent the whole morning tediously working away at your checklist. But if instead you take a morning to look at, how can I systematize things so that I don't have as long of a checklist, you're doing yourself a favor which will allow you to continue doing the same thing, maybe in other aspects of your business as Well.

Matthias Miller  27:58
Yeah, absolutely, very well said. So recap, recognize that it's an investment. It's actually a liver, which means that when you push on it, you can lift something that's much heavier than your force. And a lot of the reason that you're experiencing reactivity and overwhelm is because you haven't chosen to use this lover, and maybe among other lovers. So for those of you who are listening, the encouragement is Get outside perspective. So if you're interested in that, feel free to reach out to us. Feel free to reach out to your business coach, your mentor, people and your team. But this is one of those things that will not happen unless you make time for it to happen. And it will not change unless you make time for it to change. So we've we've had to do that. We we've had to pay the price. We continue to pay the price, and and we've also experienced the benefits, and look forward to experiencing more benefits because of it. So there it is an invitation to stepping up to proactive leadership and thanks again. Ian, always a pleasure chatting with you about this. So yes,

Speaker 1  29:11
same to you. I enjoyed it having we'll see you all next week.

Matthias Miller  29:15
Yep, see you guys later. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai