Matthias Miller  00:01
Alright, good morning world. I wanted to start out this morning with a little bit of a story about what's been going on in my life. We have had just, I think everybody says, like, we have these, these seasons where, like, life is just crazy. And last night, I was really overwhelmed, and this morning I was thinking about all of the overwhelm and all of the things that were going on and a lot of exciting things happening. And as I was, I was working through this, I realized that I had specific areas in my business where I didn't have the level of support that I needed, and there was this was adding to the overwhelm. And anyway, so, so that was, that was what was happening. And then I got this morning from our our client relations team member, and he was talking to our client that we just took live, like, literally last week, and he's asking, how think, how are things going like, how's it working for you? And he shot an email back, and he said, Hey, look, this one feature that you guys two hours, and this is something that they're going to be using on an ongoing basis going forward. So we've, we've saved them two hours infinitely, and that's just from one of those features. And I think, I think there were, there were a few lessons learned from this. I think one of them is simply the one of the things that we've seen over and over again is that, is that in order to save time in order to get the level of support that you need, you have to create systems and structures that really align with you. One of the reasons for the overwhelm that I was experiencing earlier that I was talking about the beginning of the video is simply because I hadn't put those kinds of supportive structures in place to support me in what I wanted to do something that uniquely fit my not only do you have a lot of personality around people, but every business has its own personality. And so the more that you can craft, you can craft the supportive processes, the supportive tools to fit the unique personality, not only of the people, but also of the actual businesses. That's really where you end up getting the significant time savings, but it's also where you end up getting a lot of the, like, the stress relief that you get. There's there's just this sense of relief, this sense of, like, I don't know, letting your breath out when you finally have those kinds of things in place, where you get to show up every single day. You do the things that you and your team do, the things that you guys are best at, where your superpowers lie, and all of these things, everything else kind of falls by the wayside. I love one of the the kind of words that Frederick Brooks uses. He uses in a different context, but he talks about the accidentals and the essentials. And it's he uses it in terms of software development, but just in terms of business, there's the essence of the business, what's the core work, what's the magic, what's the what's the secret sauce, what's the, what is the the craft of your business, that's the essence. But then there's all of these other things that are that go around along with it that are kind of the accidentals. They're all the things that must happen in order for the business to happen, in order for the these things to to to be done, for the business to thrive. And but what you really want to do is be able to move your team more into the essence of the business, and continue to offload all of the accidentals as much as possible. Um, this is all the more. So if you have some kind of expertise based business, or some kind of craftsmanship in your business, the more that you can elevate your Craftsman, the the people who are experts at what you're doing, the more that you can elevate them, protect their time and and the more that you can offload and even eliminate a lot of the a lot of the busy work and other types of things that all of the accidentals, the more that you can that's, well, here's what happens. That's where that goes from the stress relief being just for one person to having an entire team that that has the load lightened, and it really makes for much more fun, first of all, fun work culture, but also more productive, lower stress and a lot more sustainable. So those are some lessons of of this, of this situation. Hey, good morning, Greg, good to see you. Um, it's always fun to get these little wins and and to hear how these things are actually affecting our clients lives. So that's and here's to a happy Tuesday for you guys. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai