Matthias Miller  00:01
Hey, 414, family. Hey, I wanted to hop in a little bit and share some of my experience about working with Pedro. I went ahead and jumped in into the six by six. And have received, have been on, have gotten two coaching, coaching calls or or been on two two kind of hot seats, or Q and A's with Pedro, and this has been absolutely game changing for me, and here's why. I mean, if you look into a lot of training on entrepreneurship and marketing and all of this stuff, there's a lot of people that will tell you the technical details of Facebook and click funnels and all of those things, and what you're getting in this group is absolutely amazing. And I have been through a lot of courses and a lot of training, and there's really good training in this in this space, but what many of them, many of them will not do is make sure that you're dialed into a business idea that makes sense and that is likely to work for you, and that comes down to your who, and down to to your what, and if, if you are, I don't know how to say this, besides the fact that being part of of Pedro's coaching has given me a tremendous amount of momentum and a tremendous amount of clarity. Even today, I've been I've been working on putting putting some things together, and the way that things have been coming together is worlds different than than it was even a few days ago. So if you're on the fence about jumping into acceleration, Hey, Aaron, if you're on the fence about jumping into acceleration and getting part of the four by four four challenge, I I, I urge you to to jump in. There's something else that happens. I think a lot of us as entrepreneurs, and sometimes even as Kingdom people, get into environments where we're not understood. On both counts, both entrepreneurship and and from the perspective of of being Kingdom people, we get get into environments that where we're not understood. And one of the massive things that you can do to help you move forward more quickly is getting around other people who actually get you who are like you and who are supportive of you and what you want to do, which is just yet another aspect of of the things that you're that you get as part of as as part of acceleration, as part of the four by four challenge. So just wanted to share that the wins, the wins that I've been getting through through this feedback with from from Pedro and and even Steven have been absolutely fantastic, and wanted to pass it along. If, if you're on the fence, remember that you are good soil. And yeah, hopefully, hopefully we'll get to see you as part of the acceleration family applause.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai