Speaker 1  00:02
Hey, so good morning tea, too. I was going down the list praying for, for each of you. And now here's here's the humanity of this, I can't actually remember whether I was praying for Rene or for Stephanie and I kind of think this might be for Stephanie but it might also be for Renee, and it might be for more of you more for more of you off so again just showing my humanity here. And, but wanted to wanted to share, share what I was hearing but I saw I saw words being released on a, on a pen or on your hand, the same way that it's on that we, that we see them sometimes released in the mouth where it's just the flow of the Spirit. And I felt like I was, I felt like Holy Spirit was saying that you were called to disciple nations and that there are things that he's put on your heart, to share with him but then there was also this element to where God has gifted you in extracting stories from people and sharing stories that people have said in doing it in a way that captures people's attention. And I felt like I felt like even with those stories, there's just, that's like the piece of it that you need to do and then there's other people that God wants to bring into your life to help finish it, and finesse it, and perfect it, that you don't have to. I don't know sometimes sometimes we get hung up about the fact that it's not, it's not perfect, it's not well enough, it's not good enough. But that's, that's not the piece that I saw you. They saw you bringing us other piece of you being able to look at, at situations I don't know this is stories of faith, I don't know if this is lessons of faith, I don't know what this is but being able to look at a situation and see the story that's in there that people will engage with and that will, and that will communicate clearly and extracting it, and, and putting it down on paper, and sharing it with, with other people so I just, I bless, I bless, bless you with a writing anointing with a listening anointing. And, yeah, and into the first point I also saw this, going out to the nation so it's not just a, it's just that within your local circle but it's, it's going out beyond. And there are, there are avenues through which God wants to expand your reach. So, Yeah. Bless you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai