Speaker 1  00:03
All right, should have brought my camera from my laptop, a little swivel mounted thing that I could have used for recruiting.

Speaker 2  00:11
Sometime I'll do next time, yeah, yeah. Sometime we'll do a it could actually be really useful to have that as just kind of a standard for recording, for folks to go back, but All right, so a little bit of storytelling. I've been looking at filling small events as a way to promote what I've been doing. I do well with face to face sales. Once people get to know me, they're usually pretty happy to spend money with me, and that's always been my model. So last week, I was at an event, and I had this spur of the moment thought, Okay, first of all, let me get a fireside chat with some of my friends. Let's just hang out. And then I said, Okay, let me go invite a guest, guest speaker. And then I said, I'll bet you I could drive cold traffic to this, and get some do direct outreach, and get some people to show up. So so basic thing that you have to understand is that is that we are tribal by nature, and we hang out with people who have where there's okay. We willingly hang out with people who have shared values of some kind, and we, I mean, and we will forcibly hang out with people to achieve. And so that's why people are in business with business partners and team members that we really don't get along with. But so what that means is that there's for every every influencer draws a crowd that holds a certain type of value system. And so in this particular event, this is event of a spiritual nature. And so I, I went on LinkedIn, I found I both started with people I was already connected to and also connected to, some people who were micro influencers in this space and who had open connection lists, used Sales Navigator to find their connections, filtered by geography, and said, Hey, look, I'm looking to do A Lynch in this particular area. And here's the topic, which I already know you're you're interested in because you follow, you likely are interested in because you follow this person. And basically, and lots of scheduling challenges, because it was pretty short notice, less than three weeks. But about a dozen people out of a I don't know how many cold, cold outreaches? 50 to 75 outreaches. A dozen people came back and said, We're like interested. And we ended up getting two to show so wild numbers, no but enough to prove a concept. And one of those ends up being, I think what's, what's likely to be a fairly strategic connection for myself, for both me and the guest speaker who was there. So I'm very interested in where this this is going to go, so if you apply this to LinkedIn, okay, so one of the conversations we had that afternoon was that one of the guys has an agency, and he mentioned that the only good clients have ever come from a single source, after which they were indoctrinated into a certain way of thinking, and at which point we started talking about so then the follow up question is, there is no demographic targeting for these people. It doesn't exist. There's no I want to find. And there's no Vertical Targeting for this, this kind of thing. There's no every, every car part manufacturer buys into this basic value proposition, and therefore I'm going to become the marketing expert for car park manufacturers. Instead, it's all influencer driven. So this tribe of people, this influencer has gathered this tribe of people who share the same values, and part of what he or she teaches is acts. Therefore it might be 90% of his of his or her tribe members share this belief system, or if it's just a fractional part of what they teach, 20% of them have this belief system. But even if it's fractional, going after that audience, has a disproportionately high and if it's a significant focus in what they teach, has a disproportionately high likelihood of having your ideal market in there, because you're looking for somebody who believes and thinks the certain way. So LinkedIn, then, in a B to B sense, in a B to B census, you can you can use LinkedIn if you can find micro influencers, then you can use that to find people who already buy into your value proposition, because it's always easier to persuade by what people already believe than trying to be in the convincing business. Okay, so how does this apply to Facebook, Instagram and YouTube? I think, from what I know about YouTube, I think YouTube's probably the easiest one. So in your situation, who are the artists and creatives that you already are drawn to and listened to, and who share the values of the tribe that you're looking to create? So it could be, well, it could be any number of things. Let's back up a bit. First of all, what are the values of the tribe that you're looking to create? What are the motivators? What are the and then, who are the influencers in that space who draw a disproportionate number of people to them? There's some kind of thought leader, like, it's, it's where people are drawn to them beyond just the art they create, but the reason they created the art. And if you do that, then you can potentially kickstart your channel growth by targeting specific videos by that person. And if you So, this is a really lame example, and it's more complex than this, but, sorry, lame example. I think this is too simplistic of an example. But let's say that your value, you have a value for authentic, authenticity and vulnerability and and so you you um,

Speaker 2  06:46
I don't have the right the right person. So like in the, you know, the there's a Brene Brown equivalent in music that you could use. So, by the virtue of it being musical, there's an artistic and musical interest and where there's this bent towards creativity and vulnerability. If you can find that micro influencer and retarget visitors watching their videos, you can potentially then, then start feeding channel growth, because somebody who buys one course in personal development is likely to buy nine, and somebody who buys one seminar in the sales is likely to buy 20. Yeah, we all buy the same thing. Of course, the trick there is finding that person who is like, Who is that actual person like, who?

Speaker 1  07:44
I think there's multiples in music, right? I mean, one of the things that so I started watching Harry Mack raps, right? Yep, but he does these things where he goes out in public, or he gets on, when amigo was a thing, he would jump on with a person. The thing that kept me watching when he's introing, and I think other people experience the same is somebody, you know, he'll jump on and people will be like, Yeah, I'm just chatting with my boyfriend. Don't you think he's so ugly? And he's like, Well, that's not very nice. Just like, No, I'm just messing he's like, Okay, well, right, but he just, he just like, there's this thing that he does that's just like, it's constant respect for whoever he's interacting with. And there's never, it's really easy to go down the rabbit hole of whatever somebody is pulling you into, as opposed to just holding frame and saying, You know what? I'm going to come at every person from a place of respect and understanding. And I think that even, like, that's an example of that, right? I could almost pick, I could you could pick several of them, very specific ones where he's just like, freestyle rapping and has this like. And you can read through the comments, right, and see what resonated with people, and even use AI to analyze the comments. I would like of these 10 videos, here's the comments. Please tell me which one most resonates with these values. Would be a way to do that, yeah, on any, on any YouTube, like you did with any find the top 10 musicians who talk about X, and then just pull the comments and just do sentiment analysis on the comments would

Speaker 2  09:16
be anyway, yeah, and there's also, then even the style. Okay, so somebody who watches the street interview, mega kinds of stuff for one person is likely to do that kind of stuff for another person. So if you're looking to promote, so if you're looking to do some kind of audience improv interaction type of a thing, whether it's on a stage or out, you know, on the streets, somebody who watches that is like cookie to watch yours as well, if there's sufficient overlap, or if that's not your mode. And if your mode is, whatever the venue is, whatever the mode is, if somebody watches something similar of that mode, they're likely to watch this type of mode as well. So people will watch, I mean, the container that it's in, for lack of a better term, yeah, better terms, outdoors, in

Speaker 1  10:15
the street, in a big theater, a small theater, someone who performs on Friday night. Nights, whatever, yeah.

Speaker 2  10:30
And I think the network effect applies here too, without getting too complicated, but if you have, if there's a very clear value that you share expressed in your video that and and, or very clear audience and, or very similar modality And, or very similar shared values, like any number of those things can be indicators. And I think typically there's a multiplier effect, if you've got multiple that you can overlay. I think the same thing can work this. This is not being an Instagram expert, but I think given the current Instagram algorithm, you can probably use. You could probably do this organically on Instagram as well, and just modeling some of the content around.

Speaker 1  11:35
It's so funny. The thing about the structure of art as a business, because I just haven't, right, I just haven't. Those are, this is like this thing over here that I just haven't done much with, and all of this stuff over here that I've done a ton with, and these never the twin chill meat sort of deal. But, yeah, no, it makes total sense. Like you are finding your audience, and then, you know, yes, they'll buy your I mean, I put up a video a while back, so I wrote a kid's book for a niece called tug, and it's about a slug who gets stuck in a rug, blah, blah, blah. It's cute. It's fun. Had it illustrated on Fiverr years and years and years ago. Spend some time. But you know, whatever, someone commented on a YouTube video. Like, hey, really love what you did with this video. I just wanted to let you know I bought your tug book. I don't have kids. But like, Are you kidding? Like, that's amazing, right? Like, this thing that I haven't touched in 15 years, 10 years, whatever. So I was like, Well, let me know when it arrives and tell me what you think. So they came back and commented, hey, I really liked it. The paper quality was something or other. Like, they said something about the paper quality. But even though I don't have kids, if I had kids, I would totally read this book to them. Blah, blah, blah. I'm like,

Unknown Speaker  12:55
That's awesome.

Speaker 1  12:57
That's really cool. So like, you know, I put up the, I think, I don't know if it was on the German rap or I did a silly little skit about wood chopping last year. I don't know even when they came in, right? But, yeah, somebody commented, I bought your book, yeah? So, I mean, I It's funny, because I know how this stuff works. I know how it works for everybody else. I just don't think of it working for me in that way. Yeah, but this is what we've done for everybody for how long? A decade, 15 years. Well, I mean, really, since we got back from travels so and that email went out, seven years full on, 20 years off and on. Well, affiliate stuff was really aggressive, yeah, so, like, a really solid period of like eight years, then a couple years of like, floundering around, and then another seven years. So in total, almost 20 years of doing this thing, but not toward my art, quote, unquote.

Speaker 2  14:04
So for a very low amount of daily spend, you could build out tremendous network effect, because if you have links in, links in the video, over to your website, you can retarget on all the platforms. You can start building remarketing pixels on on Facebook, on meta or Instagram and on Google, slash YouTube, and by starting with affinity to existing influencers, you can already find the people who are predisposed to your content you Yeah, so

Speaker 1  14:43
there's a part of me that's going, why haven't I been doing this for the last 10 years? But I mean, so very clearly for me, I've been blocked, right? Like I've been, and then, you know, it was where we started this conversation, where you walked so that you could know your connection.

Speaker 2  14:59
Okay? This is all about being a channel, and people are desperate

Unknown Speaker  15:07
to connect to something greater than themselves

Unknown Speaker  15:10
and understand what that looks like. And

Speaker 2  15:14
people are also desperate to be seen and heard. And so just the act, I think, just the act of articulating the human experience is powerful for me. your

Speaker 3  15:22
pause

Speaker 4  15:28
was great by the way, when you told the story earlier. That was awesome. Yeah, sales 101 Who speaks first who speaks first.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai