Speaker 1  00:00
I think an easier question to ask is, who are the people who are most open to reverse pyramid structures? And I think it's all, it's it's all the people who have some kind of lingering dissatisfaction with traditional business paradigms. I think people who are who are creative, highly creative, and extraordinarily intuitive or relational, are often most open to these types of approaches. And I also think that those types of transformational businesses lend themselves better to that type of growth than transactional businesses do. Many times there are things that are working well, but don't fit traditional paradigms, and even even if somebody is so, there's kind of two layers to that. Sometimes people will completely shut down what's working because they're not supposed to do that. Other times, people will continue doing what's working, but with an internal conflict, because this works. I can't explain it, but it's not the way they should be doing it. And then the and they get some momentum, but there's still friction. And I think one of the things I love seeing is when they have something that's non traditional, that actually works, and they resolve the inner conflict. It's okay to be doing things that aren't, that don't fit these paradigms. Um, when you can really put yourself into, into that, into that space, doing, doing non traditional things in business that work and you can, you can remove the friction and and completely throw yourself into it. It's, it's amazing what can happen. I don't know if the day to day life is actually that much different. I mean, the day to day life, the daylight day life in a top down structure, you're still developing people, you're still managing, you're still leading the process of creating systems that drive the business forward. In a reverse pyramid structure, you're doing the same thing you're developing people, but, you know, I think the thing that you're specifically doing, so perhaps this is the difference, is you're specifically developing people to gain mastery in what it is that you're training them in with the goal of them being able to do The same thing for others. So it's, it's the we are. Yes, every organization should be raising up leaders. Everybody says that everybody should, should raise up people, to raise up other people. Raise up everybody should raise up leaders, to raise up other leaders. We all know that it doesn't always happen. Yeah, and I think even in the day like there's, there needs to be an appropriate kind of structure around it so that so it's sustainable. It's, I think you're, you're saying that we are serving an idea that's bigger than ourselves, and that the group and the people who develop mastery in it are going to help formulate it as this thing grows organically. And I think that's one of the differences between, you know, top, top down pyramid, is that typically the it is, it is the owner who owns the idea. It's the leader who owns the idea and is selling the idea to everybody else. I think part of what the goal is is to build an ever increasing movement of people who own the idea, and the idea takes growth information from the people who are actually owning the idea. Do.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai