Unknown Speaker  17:53
Hey Matthias, how are ya?

Matthias Miller  17:56
How you doing?

Speaker 1  17:57
I'm doing all right. You still look the look the same. I don't know if you remember meeting me many eons ago or not?

Matthias Miller  18:06
I do. It's been quite some time. I do remember that. Yep.

Speaker 1  18:13
Yeah. And then when Eric came on board, he was talking about how he knows you guys have worked together on some stuff and all that so small world. Yes, it is. Are you still in the beautiful state of Colorado? Or did you move on to somewhere else?

Matthias Miller  18:32
No, I'm still here. And we're still planning to be here for quite a while. So. Yeah, yep. Enjoying it here. That's good. Are you are you still here? Did you move? Yeah.

Speaker 1  18:45
Okay, Pennsylvania right now, I still don't know. I love Colorado, I would still like to be there. So we'll see. We lived in springs when we were there. But then when the shop got moved down to Canyon City, I actually fell in love with Canyon city I live in into springs and driving through we thought what a I don't know kind of a small whatever town and I just wasn't it wasn't up my alley, but then hang it out there and we bought a house and we Airbnb it out there. So I spent some time there. And I'm like, Man, this is legit. You know, it's the weather. You know, it gets a little warm in the summer, but it stays you know, for the most part it's nice in the winter and I don't know I just liked that you got the Arkansas there and you can you know, hop skip and a jump to salida and Buena Vista and all the places to go do whatever so. Yeah, it's true. We'll see. Someday Yeah. Anyway, so you got my I tried googling you and all that good stuff. But I guess you're one of those techie guys that would rather not not be seen or not be reached. And so I'm like, oh, yeah, this, I'm used to this No. Okay, there's, there's a LinkedIn, I'll do it that way, then whatever works, whatever works. So anyway, thanks for getting back to me and, you know, checking your LinkedIn messages. But yeah, it's been, I mean, that customizer, I'll just kind of get right to the point, if if you're good with that, that customizer link I sent you is a customizer that we've had used for Oh, my goodness, we've been working at that thing since 2013. And it was always, I mean, I like it. I still think it's one of the nicer customizers out there, of course, you know, I'm gonna say that but it you know, if you ask Eric, I'm sure he shared some with Yeah, it was a combat related system, as far as there was a lot of different pieces of moving parts. And it wasn't very cohesive. So Alex, the guy that wrote the code and put everything together has, that's kind of his skill set is that kind of thing. But when it comes to the techie side of things, tying stuff together is where he falls short. And he realizes that so anyway, I talked to him about a year ago about buying that customizer, he is updating it to I don't know, I forget what the outdated code is that he used way back in the day. I mean, if they don't, the code is pretty much obsolete, whatever he was doing it in. And then he is updating it. And as I don't know, three quarters of the way done. But anyway, I've talked to him about buying it, and then just paying him by the hour to stay on top of the customizer side of things, but I need to find a person or a company that can somehow make everything work together where, you know, there's a place where prices are entered, like raw materials, and you can put the price in and then it spits it out into the customizer, and then you design the shed in the 3d customizer. And then it maybe you know, outputs the data into like panna doc or some sort of, I don't know HubSpot, whatever it would be to now finish the contract. So that's why I reached out to you, I know you're, you know, do geek stuff all the time, but I don't know what your, you know, what you are passionate about, or what you like, I mean, I do follow you on Facebook, and all that. So I love seeing your posts and read them and all that. So I know you're a passionate dude, which is awesome. I just don't know what you Yeah, if this is, you know, stuff you work at or what? So anyway, that's my spiel, that was a lot of information in a short period of time. So take it away. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  23:11
understand. I mean, so for context, you know, spent the greater part of my life working with software and tech and, and this is definitely a blind I've done actually did a project for Eric way back in the day in the shed industry. And they're there to two other clients that I'm working with on some level one. One is like, completely down the, hey, we have the we have our email marketing, we have our CRM, and we have our lead gen visualizer. We've got to have these pieces pulled together. So I'm at least Yeah, I'm pretty familiar with how that stuff rolls. Like you observed, I'm, I really do enjoy working with a small handful of clients. And as far as marketing myself and making myself easy, easily accessible, and out there, I clearly don't do a good job of the I do have some questions. So I'm not terribly concerned about about the project, you know, about the technical side of the project. biggest, biggest thing is well, you know, at least right out of the gate, I do have some questions. One being so as far as, as far as the raw materials list, and those types of things does the visualizer currently support? Are you currently able to enter that information into the visualizer? And is that then the basis for for generating the price? Or is that a piece that has to be built out?

Speaker 1  24:45
So I was part of a furniture company for a year or two. And I learned a little bit about I guess Microsoft has a program what is it? What the heck is a call is not excel. Ah, what is it, accent, activate access, access to heaven. Maybe it is access. It's some program that it's a local guy, he created some sort of, I don't know database where people can go in and enter their raw material. So we just did the typical, what everybody else most other people do is oh, let's take an Excel spreadsheet and put about 25,000 million numbers and whatever on there and hope it all ties together and make sense. And that works to a degree but so I'll explain a little bit how it was, we're probably still in. So we did an Excel spreadsheet, the raw material, so we need 25, two by fours and 10 pieces, OSB and all this. So it would add it up. And then we had a formula where, okay, we need to make X margin and sell it for x. So then I would take that number, and this is where it breaks down. And I hate double entry and all kinds of I hate that kind of stuff. It's a waste of everybody's time. So I would then take the prices, and I would enter it on our website, then I'd go enter it in our PDF download. And then I would go and enter it in the customizer. And then I would go and enter it like all these places, I'd have to enter the prices. So when prices change, it would take umpteen hours just to update everything. So my thought is, instead of that data having to be like the price of the shed manually entered into the customizer, why not create some sort of, I don't know, maybe it is Excel spreadsheet where you enter all the numbers and it just it puts it spits it out to the customizer, it spits it out to a PDF download, it spits it out to your website, or wherever you need numbers entered, but you work out in one place. So a materials go up 10% You know, maybe there's a place you just enter 10% points spits it out just like that prices are updated. So that's the biggest piece that was a lot of time, you know, took up a lot of time. But then also the n is also where Eric used to get frustrated on, you know, the customizer would create the contract, so to speak, but then you had to have a separate system for paying and separate system for, you know, storing the documents, separate CRM and all that. So the idea would be add to raw materials in one place. It puts it out to wherever it needs to go. So the customizer, you design your shed. And when the 3d components are designed, it would push it over into whether it be panna doc or HubSpot, I don't know whatever software and then you would go and finish the rest of the you know, say they want I don't know they want some stuff that's not 3d they want insulated floor they want some, I don't know whatever it would be where it has nothing to do with the 3d but they still want all these options. So you would just go down through click it enter it finished the contract the customer you send it customer they can either pay right there they could sign and then you would save that document in your CRM boying then it's not all one seamless system without going into multiple databases, Dropbox and customizer and oh my goodness gracious, it's gives me a headache thinking about it right now. Have you

Matthias Miller  28:54
looked at or considered? Are you guys using a CRM right now?

Speaker 1  29:00
So I have, so I'm not part of the shed yard anymore. So I'm right now in the process of just putting everything together, and then I still want to do a shed company there, get into the shed yard again, or just start another company. So I'm not using anything now. But I do like HubSpot I know is expensive, but they do have a lot of bells and whistles. And I do like high level high level has a lot of stuff where you can, you know, text and communicate and all that. So anyway, is that. Yep.

Matthias Miller  29:36
Yeah. Makes sense. Have you considered? You considered things like shut up? Jason is Graber Jason gravers. Want to Read what that one's called?

Unknown Speaker  29:47
Said Sweet.

Matthias Miller  29:49
Sweet sweet.

Speaker 1  29:50
Yeah. So I like so shut up. I know Eric, you know works there and he was trying to kind of sell me on it. He from the sales pitch He gave me it's, it's nice, where it is more this cohesive, like, it all flows together. The part of his system that I don't like is the front end. It's the customer facing. So he's like, Well, you take the good with the bad, you know you have, you gotta have a make it easy for the salespeople. So that's not quite the nicest for the customer. Is that you know, worth it. But the front end of Shut up no offense, it's hideous, like, it's just not nice. Idea room looks good. But from what Eric said, the back end is pretty bad as well, it's kind of the issue we're talking about here. A lot of stuff has to be done manually. And the feedback I'm getting from the industry is shed sweet and idea room aren't as cool and they don't work together as well as everybody wants to think it does. So I don't know. And I guess you know, the customizer that we have here, the money that's already put into it, I'm like, I don't want to scrap it. But hey, I'd also look at other platforms, if that means everything is a lot easier to do sales and build the shed and deliver it type thing.

Matthias Miller  31:18
Yeah, makes sense. I don't know what kind of

Matthias Miller  31:28
okay, so So let me finish, I thought that I don't really know that much about what something like the shutdown. I know, I know very little about the shutdown, to be honest. You know, they have API integrations, whatever you even look like to have a separate customizer and the front end, pushing things back into the back end. They do you know that, you know, once at the point that you started taking a look at at this is the kind of thing that can very easily balloon into a fairly, you know, quite a bit larger project and what it might look look like on the front end, and I'm sure you've been around development long enough to understand how that how that works. Do you know anything about the technology that the current Visualizer is is written in?

Speaker 1  32:15
I don't not know, I don't know a whole lot about it. I mean, he has shared some over the years, but right now, it's I wouldn't know what what it is. I know everything is, you know, stored on the server. And then it's, you know, it's a web version, obviously, instead of just, you know, he told me years ago, if I could just make this as an app where it's not live per se, it would also be a gazillion times easier, but then up the prices and all that it's it would be a mess to do that. But you know, I don't know that's, I know what to me with, with development of any kind of tech. That's why I mean, you can look at this, like, oh, let's build something from scratch. And just you know, from beginning to end, we make our own custom system. Well, my thoughts on that anymore is why like, let HubSpot or high level be good at the CRM and let Panadol be good at contracts, let you know Microsoft be good at you know, maybe Excel, and then you just tie it all together. And I know the time together also has its you know, issues, but I've just learned over the years that sometimes you're just better off doing some Zapier connections and doing that instead of trying to rewrite everything. Yep.

Matthias Miller  33:40
Makes sense? All right, let me let me see if I can, I can kind of walk through this this flow what you were talking about pricing, we you're happy doing that in excel at some point, we're gonna have to have some kind of master list of this model the you know, this model based prices this much I don't know how to visualize or thinks about it, but in these options, or, or this much, etc, that gets pushed pushed across

Matthias Miller  34:08
3d components going into panna doc, but then the non 3d items, are you just thinking manually? Are you thinking some kind of system that allows you to alter that add non 3d components?

Speaker 1  34:22
Well, that's where that's where it would be, I need some help from a tech on how that that works. You know, you could also do everything inside of the customizer and have all those many, many line items of whatever it is, and the only thing that gets pushed into Panadol is a, you know, a picture or a rendering, and then the list of stuff lights, red trim, white siding, all the way down through so you could do that too. It's it's just it would come down to what makes the most sense of what's the easiest, you know if all designing and all options and all everything is inside the customizer. Great, I'm good with that, too, that makes it easier.

Matthias Miller  35:08
So that's that's the direction that I would lead at this point. Otherwise, you're gonna end up having to have two ways of representing what a building what a building consists of you have the visualizer, then you got to translate that into something else where you can add additional options to, and then you have to translate that into panda doc. And I think if you have basically have the idea of a this as a as a building option, but it doesn't have any kind of 3d rendering. In your customizer, I think that would be the easiest. Panda doc. Just painted it digital signatures.

Speaker 1  35:38
Yes. Okay. And maybe Canada isn't the one to use either. That's just one I'm familiar with. And I, I like receiving panda Doc, I always think, Man, this is easy. It's, it's, I don't know, it's pretty sweet. But it could be something else too.

Matthias Miller  35:57
It's actually what we use on our end for digital signatures as well. Okay. And the reason I asked was because I wasn't sure I wasn't deeply involved, I know that we were using panna doc for the templating. And I wasn't sure if that actually handled the digital signatures as well, or whether we, we rolled our own digital signatures, so Okay. Kind of a partially informed question there. And then as far as payment processing,

Speaker 1  36:21
so panna Doc can do that as well. And then if it's rent to own, my thought would just be you know, you custom that field at Panda dock where hey, it's rent own, and you just save it and it saves it in your CRM and then you go into the ultimate would be rent own be tied in. But that's not the end of the world. It doesn't have to that can be a separate, you know, separate thing. Sure. Unless we could work with the rent own company where it's their contract is in panna doc could do that, too. So with we'd have to look at that. But somewhere, that component of once the shed is designed, you need to be able to trance for that to something like a printout, a PDF, a contract is something. So panna Doc is? I don't know, that's kind of what came to mind. I'm using that. Yeah. And they they have open API, and I know you can customize a decent amount with them. But how much? I'm not sure.

Matthias Miller  37:29
Yeah, let's see. If.

Matthias Miller  37:41
And you probably be looking to embed images as well into the panda doc, is that right?

Unknown Speaker  37:45
Yep. I?

Matthias Miller  37:57
mean, it seems to me, yeah. That's very likely that the way to go they probably don't know without going super deep into into or going a bit deeper into into the Pandoc API, making sure that it covers all the use cases. But that's really seems like a reasonable direction to me having some context of technology that the customizers written in and how that integration should look would be helpful. For instance, for example, does you know, are we planning to do web hooks so that the customizer triggers something on our end to run the painted conversion? Do you need some kind of portal for painted docs? Or can we just let them live in your account automatically created you just define them in your account once they get created? etc. I guess the other piece that we didn't talk about is presumably, at Si. knots, again, not super familiar with HubSpot, particularly have worked with a number of CRMs haven't integrated directly with high level have. We have a client who uses that haven't worked with it, like I said super closely. But let's see CRM on most levels is still just a CRM, primary things you're probably looking for is when somebody's creating, creating leads in the CRM when somebody creates a design in the visualizer and being able to push across it at some point. So the difference between somebody really interested to buy Somebody might be playing around with visualizer? is will the salesperson be the one sending out the painted doc? link? Once somebody is actually interested in it? Or will that be going out to them? What does that process gonna look like?

Speaker 1  40:16
So, the way we've always done it is a customer can or lead, first of all can get their own price receive their own, you know, estimate, they can even check out if they want to. And that's just the way the salesperson then did it. That was all part of the contract and everything that was all tied together. I know a lot of shed guys, they you know, just have get quote, and it basically you enter your name and phone number and email address, and then the salespeople have to email it back. Well, that, to me, it's just a lot of extra work, automate, you want to automate that as much as possible. So the idea would be that a customer can go through and do all this on their own, or the salesperson does it. And then they get that email the panna doc and they can at any time, click the button and order it or make the payment if they want to. It would then be part of our drip campaigns, you know, where we send them the link. Hey, just following up seeing if you have any questions, you know, here's the link, you're ready to go click this whatever, enter your payment information signature, what have you. So that would be the idea. Yep.

Matthias Miller  41:34
And then is there anything that you want updated in the CRM after sale? So customer signs, some kind of status field updated in the CRM and or customer pays? Yeah, so get it as well?

Speaker 1  41:49
Yeah, right now I have, I'm part of a cabinet painting company, and they're doing Panadol with high levels. So it's kind of that like, the contract, the prices will be done at Panda doc. But then it's going to automatically save over inside of high levels, so that inside of high level, you have access to everything. And they did a couple of custom fields or working on that where they make a payment, it'll still show and report inside of high level, that type like it's, it's pretty seamless. And when you're, you know, inside of high level and add a contact, you can click on the proposal right there and it opens it up without logging in panna doc and having to you know, look that customer up again.

Matthias Miller  42:36
Makes sense. How comfortable are you with with working with custom fields in painted doc and, and high level yourself creating custom reports, filters, those types of things?

Speaker 1  42:51
I mean, I could do it if I know how to do it. But it's I mean,

Matthias Miller  42:56
that's something that you didn't mentioned before. Yeah, not a problem.

Matthias Miller  43:07
Good. What's your timeline that you're wanting to get this done by?

Speaker 1  43:17
By the end of the year? For sure. I know, that's a lot of time. But that's kind of what I'd be shooting for is January, February, at the very latest of next year, like a year from now.

Matthias Miller  43:30
Okay, good. All right. I think I think the next I think one of the things that would be helpful for me to know, as far as next steps and even scope would be getting more information about the visualizer platform. And I don't know at what point you're negotiating the sale or whether you have negotiated the sale, if there's an I'm willing to sign whatever needs to be signed, if if you need something, you need something signed to me to look at the source code, but right if I could, whether it's taking a look at source or or being able to get more details from Alex as far as infrastructure on that would be helpful. And if nothing else, if you could, if you could send him an email and get details about the stack and what you know what all they're all the tools and frameworks that he's using. That probably would be a good good first step.

Unknown Speaker  44:25
Let me let me do that

Unknown Speaker  44:37
okay, all right. Anything else you want me to ask him?

Matthias Miller  44:42
Um, along with that, it would be really helpful to know how maybe you know this already held the customizer. It probably its data model for options and models and how those are structured. Because that's going to impact integration as well.

Matthias Miller  45:08
Those are the only things I can think of right off the top of my head, that would be useful to know. And I wonder too, then, once we got that information back, I wanted to maybe it'd be useful to do a bit of a discovery engagement. And just before we go too deep into the project, put together a project plan and make sure that I mean, dotting as many, many eyes and dotting my eyes, crossing my T's beforehand, make sure that integration is in the plan and make sure that we basically have a plan of execution. Definitely going into this thing. Yeah. And yeah, that would be once we've got that, I guess that would probably be my recommendation Kai for you. And then we can decide whether, you know whether we are the right people to do this project or whether whether you should be taking a look somewhere else.

Speaker 1  46:00
Okay. Yep, definitely. All right. Well, let me reach out to him and see what I can find out and I'll get back to you.

Matthias Miller  46:08
Cool. Okay, sounds good.

Speaker 1  46:10
We're good. All right. Yes. Yeah. Like what's my bag?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai