Unknown Speaker  00:54
Yes sir

Matthias Miller  01:09
straight back all right. That better or worse that's better so here's the question the hauler the user that the district list for Ohio and North Carolina haulers or however that one is need to be able to see each other's haulers we have here oops is the wrong system

Unknown Speaker  01:41
oh man I was I was getting all excited about the Accounting I just saw Okay, logistics hauling haulers. Yes

Matthias Miller  01:52
go ahead so this does this when needed. Are you using this in cockpits?

Unknown Speaker  01:58
No. Well, what would I want to cockpits for

Matthias Miller  02:01
I don't know, like for haulers or somebody in the future maybe. Okay, I mean, not in the short term. We're not going to do filtering because we're using a standard report.

Unknown Speaker  02:14
Did I ask

Matthias Miller  02:18
for the district fields? We're talking about filtering Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  02:21
On this Are we filter Do you have district on here? Well on the holler record you were I

Matthias Miller  02:30
was you're asking for trucks and truck reminders but and somehow he had made it onto the list to do it here. But if you don't need it on the list here then

Speaker 1  02:43
just click on click on Alex or click on anyone we're not fielding I don't think I asked for fielding of for district on here.

Matthias Miller  02:49
Did I Well, we did but if we don't need it,

Speaker 1  02:54
yeah, but that was that was back with that was back with the that whole section was when we were going to do invoicing in here. I don't I don't mean I don't need district filtering on here. I need it on the truck report.

Matthias Miller  03:10
Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna pull some of these changes in

Unknown Speaker  03:14
Am I Am I thoroughly confusing you so update I don't think I need it this was back with Nick. Correct? Yep. Did I ask for haulers by district?

Speaker 1  03:49
I mean, I could see it. I could see. I could see that. I want to I don't know it's pretty low on my priority list at this point. I do want to I do want to assign trucks by district because that's valuable for me to know which like as, as more people who don't know exactly what's what truck is, where's they look at this. Now the filtering per district on the report is just a nice little extra piece that's probably of lower priority.

Matthias Miller  04:16
You mean on the truck and truck reminders? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  04:20
Now trucking liners would be a really cool place to have it.

Matthias Miller  04:24
Well I don't mind adding that just with how we ended up implementing this. I wasn't I wasn't particularly happy with what we were doing for the color. And it looks like we can just completely I don't I don't

Speaker 1  04:49
I don't think I need to feel district or per hauler. I mean, it would be a it would be a really you know, it's it's a Three out of 10 I mean I can it's not that big of a deal the truck remind the truck issue is way bigger of a deal because it's part of fleet management, the hauler side of things I

Unknown Speaker  05:11
don't I don't remember asking for that but maybe I did or maybe I just got got misconstrued

Matthias Miller  05:16
it something happened we know that

Speaker 1  05:20
is that the primary question that you didn't like or which part didn't you like Yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:24
yeah that was the primary question I didn't like

Speaker 1  05:27
yeah, no, I mean now that okay, go back go back to the hauler record the hauler details there you go, gotta go to Edit mode the district that's there is that is that actually a drop down?

Matthias Miller  05:45
Yeah, but it's gonna go away. Oh, okay,

Speaker 1  05:47
so that's what was added. Yeah, if you didn't like yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:52
and additional filtering to the standard contact report that I didn't like,

Speaker 1  05:56
no, no, I don't if I asked for it, I don't particularly remember I do know that I wanted it as part of the truck. But then again, theoretically, you could you could if if if a driver is assigned, which we added drivers to be able to assign to a truck if a driver is assigned to a truck you theoretically could filter for district right? But no low priority take it off the off the contact record I'm fine with that.

Matthias Miller  06:28
Okay, brilliant. Good. Any other questions for you while you're got my partially divided attention?

Speaker 1  06:37
Okay, do me Riddle me this I just want to make sure I'm looking at something right if you will go open up a to sales tab to

Unknown Speaker  06:57
a sales tax report

Unknown Speaker  07:04
go to Settings

Unknown Speaker  07:12
oh look at the macro for building final delivery date.

Matthias Miller  07:17
By the way, shouldn't we be excluding canceled items as well?

Unknown Speaker  07:30
Can you just knock me over the head with a hammer? Of course we should be excluded for canceled items. It we're not I mean

Speaker 1  07:45
I mean, it has a final delivery date. I would expect that that that would not be a canceled building. Shouldn't be but I mean, I can see what you're saying. But okay, go back to the latest art was it latest? RG

Matthias Miller  08:00
Yeah. Earliest.

Speaker 1  08:01
Earliest RG Okay. Explain earliest RG to me because I had this little panic attack on whether that's because because there's stuff that's happening in the in the locations are G with site checks and site preps and stuff that's happening in there are some times I did an evaluation and it looks like it's pulling the correct date. But I just want to make sure I understand earliest RG that we're not missing something because there's other RG lines on top of it.

Matthias Miller  08:30
Well, it's only looking at rows where this is the final destination. So if you don't have more than one final destination, it's no worries, it only uses

Speaker 1  08:37
more than one final destination to my knowledge. So it's all good.

Matthias Miller  08:43
Earliest means latest means whatever like yeah, it's all good.

Speaker 1  08:52
There Okay, I need you to stick some notes away in your head I ran into I'm doing a sales tax evaluation for 2022 So I ran into a situation and I want to make sure that when we think through doing sales tax and accounting that we think through this one and it goes like this in October I sold a building there's a building assigned to a sales order we paid sales tax, okay, because the building was delivered but before the customer finished paying for it they said oh no no, no, no, no no, actually we want a different building so we bring it back we swap out the building but we crossed months now. So we swapped out a building onto a different building onto the sales order the sales tax change we've got two sales orders in two different months but two different buildings at the exact same time

Matthias Miller  09:50
and my brain just wanted to melt a little bit. I don't even know I was the old sales. What happens the old sales order

Speaker 1  09:59
Well, the The original sales order was kept because the sales or with the customer information, they just we wanted to swap out a building. So they swapped out a building in between

Matthias Miller  10:08
there, which changes the subtotal which

Speaker 1  10:11
changed the subtotal which changed. And I guess if you're strictly looking at this from a, from a sales order standpoint from for sales tax wise, I don't think it's an issue. I just wanted to talk about it out loud, just go. The fact that one building came on and went off and another building came on, I think, is fairly irrelevant, because that touch finished goods inventory is but I just want to talk about so make sure I wasn't missing something.

Matthias Miller  10:39
So the way that we think of these things is, dear building, what is your impact to Financials? Oh, you had these debits in these credits? And this is what you should have done? Well, is that what you did? No. Let's balance the scales make it all come out. Right. And then we have the same thing, dear sales order? What should your impact be on on accounting? Oh, you your subtotal change from 9814 to 70 483? Oh, well, we'll make the appropriate adjustments. hunky dory.

Speaker 1  11:18
Well, if that's if that's the if that's the concept you treat for building out sales tax module, things will be happy.

Matthias Miller  11:27
It was an extremely robust way of going about it. It sounds like overkill. Until drink comes me and says, If you think this really weird scenario, I'm like, No, I didn't think about that scenario, but we handle it. You're welcome. Any other questions?

Speaker 1  11:46
No, I just do you do you realize Do you realize how how painstaking it is to take four districts worth of 12 months of data and reconcile it because there's discrepancies and you're going through every single one of them so can we please go build a sales tax module that does this please. That would be awesome. On it slowly I mean, theoretically, we could say the other side of this is that we could simplistic Oh, what if we Okay, riddle me this what if we simplistically built a it okay if we had a way to say on the sales order I was my sales tax was paid then we could build report like if there was some sort of Boolean or checkbox or something on the sales tax on the sales order that when I run sales tax and then send it off to Whitney she says yep, paid it I go there and check check check check check check check your paid then reconciling this stuff from historical stuff would be fairly easy. yea or nay? I know this is this is not accounting but it is a way that to fix this my headaches for right now.

Matthias Miller  13:12
I thought we had a simpler way to do it. I thought it was something like

Matthias Miller  13:21
you have a sales tax liability account.

Unknown Speaker  13:23
No, no, I'm not talking about accounting I'm talking about right now.

Matthias Miller  13:28
So right now? Um,

Speaker 1  13:30
well yeah, I'm saying so till we have accounting. Could we come up with a simplistic product like this that that keeps items from like in other words, every every single month? You would do a sweep through all your buildings since the beginning of the year and you say you should have been you should have been paid in X date were you paid? Yes. No. Okay, but so that if if there's changes that take place on buildings, and I don't have to worry about making sure they're they fall inside of a sales tax month I haven't paid yet.

Matthias Miller  14:06
You can do this in Excel. What do you mean run an export of all buildings since the beginning of the year. Have a maintain a master list of these are the ones that we paid. Hold on. If we look at a HANA

Speaker 1  14:25
Hana my wife is walking in grinning like like like a peacock. I gotta find out why. One second. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  15:03
Well, bummer. I thought it was gonna be good news

Matthias Miller  15:12
I got to talk to Job dropped to Josh. But the short answer is you could very easily do this in in a spreadsheet, maintain a master list of things that you think you've paid. And then run a another report of what the current values are year to date, do a VLOOKUP. Find out where the sales tax totals have been adjusted, and make those adjustments appropriately. And you don't even need to wait for an update to go make sure things that they don't change it change it out from under you.

Speaker 1  15:50
Think about that. I can build that you can build up.

Matthias Miller  15:57
But I'm lazy to get somebody else to build it.

Speaker 1  16:03
Oh, FYI. I have I have, I have got to start pushing harder to get commissions inside of assist properly because I'm commissions I have, I have this really, really cool spreadsheet that really works really, really well, except that they keep changing their Commission's way of doing. They keep changing their salaries to their like, it's a then it's a nightmare. So whatever. I'm complaining, I'm just complaining today. It's Monday, it's cloudy. And I just feel like complaining.

Matthias Miller  16:39
Well, let me help Danny. I barely got any work done today. So

Speaker 1  16:44
the reason I'm complaining is because I'm doing sales tax. Oh. Okay, well, that's a good idea. That's a really good idea. I think I'm going to do that going forward, because that would be because oh my goodness, that shouldn't be that terribly hard to do.

Matthias Miller  17:01
And it avoids us from adding a field that we're just going to yank later on get confused about. Hey, what about a sec? Okay, good. Well, I got to keep rolling. We'll train tomorrow. What's tomorrow? Tuesday? Yeah, your fancy schmancy training us where? Oh, that's next week. Sorry. Oh, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry to disappoint. Okay. Either way. We'll talk tomorrow. All right. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai