Unknown Speaker  03:47
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  03:49
Good morning. Good morning, Michael. How

Unknown Speaker  03:59
are you doing this morning?

Unknown Speaker  04:02
Doing Well Michael, how are you? Really well. Good. You have a quick second to discuss Williams window. A situation did you get my email?

Unknown Speaker  04:18
I did. So one of those timing things seems like but it is what it is. Those are going to turn up every once in a while. So

Speaker 1  04:38
I would say your suggestion on that is probably the only really good option at this point is working with broker management to get it changed over to a large shed. Actually, probably I should do With that my office and have lead to have some changes done to the actual building itself earliest in number written on the inside so there's no confusion working with the shop on that

Unknown Speaker  05:17
it invoice number on that one do you have that in front of you?

Speaker 2  05:26
Yes let me go to it one second oh actually it disappeared on my hand so I can't say I can't see the My sales order anymore

Unknown Speaker  05:45
let me see you're still in my file somewhere you need the invoice number right? Not the STI number.

Unknown Speaker  05:53
Step number

Speaker 2  05:56
okay yeah I don't think I have access to that anymore because it's not reflecting on my side okay, that's fine unless there's a way I can get

Speaker 1  06:08
through if you give me you give me this bin or the order number I can send your language your

Unknown Speaker  06:18
order number

Unknown Speaker  06:34
Good morning everyone stomped on call here

Speaker 2  06:38
one way sir I would I find that Matthias if I don't see it anymore in sales order if he's not popping up anywhere in Williams window

Speaker 1  06:49
Swindell we're starting to say like oh, I was just getting ready to say the same thing. The name is William Swindell. We can look it up by the name let me know if you need a spelling of his last name. Got it?

Speaker 1  08:02
The reason it's not showing up is because we should we should give you guys a way to see canceled sales orders of this year. Oh, if you go on your sales order drop down and you just include canceled. Okay. Is that a shot?

Speaker 2  08:27
Okay, there we go. Are you ready, Michael? I am Yes. Okay. S 22121112.

Speaker 1  08:40
S 22121112? Correct. Okay, no problem. I'll get that one switched over to some bought inventory, get it, get it, get it taken care of. So give it a heads up.

Unknown Speaker  09:02
I appreciate it.

Speaker 2  09:09
So I discover something with backyard financing. I was going in and I was just curious as to why a lot of customers were getting rejected, I had about four get rejected. And I noticed that the amount of input for financing was doubling for the customer. So I ended up calling back our financing. And they realized that we had our margin set at 50%. So I was able to connect with Lynn on that and she adjusted it and put it at zero so things should be a little better. Now with that. I did have a customer apply yesterday. And it looks like it didn't double so that's good. I'll keep you guys updated on the status of that if that gets accepted, because the guy did say that that may be a reason that people are getting rejected with the amount of doubling so

Unknown Speaker  09:59
protective. Tori, my mind my

Speaker 2  10:02
I was like, I have to figure this out what is going on? Yeah, so hopefully that helps.

Speaker 3  10:09
I had wondered when, when do you? Or how do you determine kind of the pathway to send someone backyard financing versus green sky. They're so similar in my mind right now with the way they function is there one that you prefer over the other, or the customer seems to like want to go that route,

Speaker 2  10:32
I usually present them with both options. I know with green sky, your credit score needs to be a little higher. So I let them know that like, if you have this credit score higher, you will probably want to go with bad car financing. Otherwise, I'm sorry, you don't want to go green sky otherwise, may want to try the backyard financing route. But I'm a little bit confused now on the credit score they need for green sky. I know initially, we heard like mid seven hundreds. But I heard recently, it may be like 600, like mid six hundreds. So interesting. I'm curious. I want to connect with a dealer that has had a lot of experience with green sky and just see what they're seeing.

Speaker 3  11:20
Well, thanks for that and say, I have not had to go share this with you on a call at one point. I haven't used Packard financing to that extent yet. So it wasn't sure like, you know how that benefit is drawing customers to want to apply there. You know what it? Or how it's presented? Yeah, what they're asking that helps us kind of guide them that way.

Speaker 2  11:45
Yeah, it's usually just a credit score thing that I present as far as staring them one direction or the other. Yeah. But I do want to get clarification on, you know, the minimum for green sky? Sure. Sure. I'm sure it depends on other things as well like that and all that. But just like a general, you know what we're seeing on average, then we go to No. Good.

Unknown Speaker  12:12
I may send a little discord. Just to see if anyone has any insight on that.

Speaker 3  12:20
It's great idea. I do have a comment on financing with artios had a conversation with Leanne this morning, I had a customer that was trying to clarify, where does the security deposit go? And what happens with it? Does it get returned to me? Does it go towards the final payoff, some details I didn't have notes on so Leanne clarified that the security payment being who months is kind of held in reserve, in case the monthly payment is missed, and then they have the opportunity to catch up. She then said that, you know, if they never run into that situation and make all their payments on time, then the final payment the security deposit is applied toward. So there will be a lesser amount which the client had pointed out that on the contract, say they were doing 36 months on our contract. The actual numeric number for their final payoff lists a shorter number of months like 32, as opposed to 36. So that was taking into account the security deposit being applied at the end. Because that just threw them off for like, wait a minute, I thought this was 36 by the same period two or three, four. And so that helped clarify that. She also was mentioning, I know we discussed this a bit, Michael on Friday about when when is there a limit imposed on a North Carolina and RTO? And kind of who's holding that plumb line? Is that legislative issue? Or is it you know, company by company. So I have a client who's financing over 20 grand. And that's over the limit based upon interesting information we've received. So the way Leanne wants to approach that one is she's going to call the client today. She's going to talk with them first about the contract, make sure they understand it. And then she's also going to impose that there is more money taken upfront in order to make an exception for that large of a of a of a loan essentially or of RTO I don't I don't think the client will stay on the line as far as you know if I'm a fisherman and I put the fish I don't think they'll stay on the line with tripling their upfront payment which was the suggestion amount you know, we need to see three times the amount collected upfront. So I'm just kind of, you know, up dating you guys So as far as how cricket Valley wants to approach it, and you know, that's up to the client, and at that point to make his decision on if he can, if he wants to go that route, and he's really invested in RTO, if he's not, and he's not comfortable with that I'll be presenting to him, you know, that's why I was asking Tory about backyard financing and green sky as well. Because he was hesitant to go that route initially, maybe to be able to keep his sale. But, you know, if we can't finance 20, grand, we can't sell cottages. And we need to be able to finance 20 grand through RTO, if at all possible, without there being such a heavy hit on the front end. You know, it's a risk, obviously to the company. It's not our decision, but it does put a limit on how we discuss with clients. And in this particular example, you know, we started off with a pretty small building was like a small medium. Well, when four, and then he increased it to 14 by 32, which is big. And so that jump took him over the limit for his RTO. Otherwise, it would have been accepted as standard. So no, there's ways we can navigate that with clients, but just wanted to update you guys, because it's one of the hurdles that as a sales team will face on closing a deal depending on what you know, we say I offered rent to own when it was a all by 24. And that really stuck with him compared to you know, I may be need to be very careful about just engaging more details and kind of walking them through that process. So just transparent there. That's kind of where that client situation lies. His name is John King, his building isn't to be built until March. And I'll keep you guys posted on the conversation after he and Leanne talk about, you know, more upfront in order to take the bait. And then if he doesn't, I'll be calling him to say, Hey, do you want to downsize the building to be possible? Or do you want to go a different route for financing, but it won't be as solid of the sale now at this point that that issue? Is that brought up? If that makes sense,

Speaker 1  17:29
we'd like to say, Sure, appreciate you clarifying all of that. And it would like to see that there may be value. And it would probably for this for future. There's some slightly unique things there with Ellie, I actually know the cricket Valley people really, really well. They're actually my first cousins. So I think there's value in if we have, like, technical stuff, we'd like to be the mediator if possible. If we could run all of these type of things. To me, I think we would have better results. One want to keep learning of, of what sales needs. And also understand, you know, some of the the difficulties from Cricut Valley's standpoint, but I do know them really well. And basically, Brooklyn management just manages their acts and and manages and follows their instructions, however, to understand and know them on a deeper level that I think is important that we when we are understanding needs, from both sides, trying to negotiate positions that can work for both of us if that makes any sense. So it seems like maybe a more get the proach if I can be involved and negotiate the things with cricket Valley and Burkholder Burkholder is really just going to hold to the lines of exactly what they've been told by cricket Valley and not going okay. So

Speaker 3  19:34
Leanne and Duane are Burkholder does that right? That's correct. Yes. Okay. Who is cricket Valley?

Speaker 1  19:44
Cricket Valley is the rent owned company. And Wayne in Lian are a management company that manages cricket Valley rental And they manage also other portions which is things for us mental structures. So they are a management company. So essentially, the control levers are going to be for cricket for cricket Valley are going to be in the owners obviously. And then measurement companies managed for them if that makes any sense a little complicated, a lot of different.

Speaker 3  20:35
Falling yet to it's always helpful to know kind of like the pathway forward and like you said, negotiating and knowing the right decision makers to bring into the conversation. Would you like any details provided in writing Michael to mean the sale record is out there? Do you see how much of the building cost? The follow up steps right now? Are Leanne's going to make a call to the client this morning to present the you know, triple basically tripled down payment upfront. If RTO is the method chosen, you want me to have her pause on that call, and maybe discuss internally first or just go ahead and kind of see what the client's reaction is first and then go from there.

Speaker 1  21:32
Think for future it would be good to have these conversations flow through me and and then we'll visions what to do. And we'll have a single point of contact always be reaching out to the customer. I think for future is the right thing to do. If there's if there's something rather than having a third party reaching out. On that,

Speaker 3  21:57
you would want to call the customer directly instead of having like Burkholder reach Burkholder management's team contacting them.

Speaker 1  22:05
Well, I'm thinking if you have you know, difficulties, we just we determine if there's something we can do in and if not, either way, I think it would be wise in having the original representative, whether it be Tory, or you or whoever it may be reach back out to them. If there are difficulties, I think, now this situation. I mean, if you've already discussed it with her, and you put it in this particular edition that she's going to reach back out, I'm fine with that, I would say there's a 50% chance, last chance that you know, the customer is going to be on board this route, just my observation, it could be wrong completely. Then if, again, you know, somebody that she's been talking to from the beginning back and says oh, by the way, you know, there's feeling or whatever. But it's probably at this point, the right thing to do just move on and we follow the

Speaker 3  23:16
so you're, you're in summary, you're okay with Leon making that call this morning. And kind of depending on the direction of the client, kind of send it back your way for feedback on what we do next.

Unknown Speaker  23:32
I think so I don't think it's the right thing to do.

Unknown Speaker  23:37
It Hey, there again, I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you.

Unknown Speaker  23:44
If we're using them.

Speaker 3  23:48
I was wondering if you could repeat that last piece? Michael, I couldn't hear you.

Speaker 1  23:54
Sure. No, I think I think moving forward, as Yun Lian discussed on this one is absolutely the right thing to do. He went through this whole discussion, and I don't think that is leaving this particular in that position. Is is the right thing to do just for future. I think we could probably, maybe move the other, you know,

Speaker 3  24:22
direction. Gotcha. So you're saying I'm sorry, I'm being so particular, but I'm trying to make sure that if I'm building a sequence for not just myself, but for Toria as well, that when we run into these scenarios with high priced sheds, that we are immediately looping you into it to have a discussion with cricket Valley, because we know that they're going to raise a flag on the price point. And so we need very quickly to understand what direction cricket Valley wants to take if they're going to accept it, or if they're going to reject it, or if they're going to work with the client and do like this triple payment scenario. I'm just trying to kind of put some clarity to those steps so that we know what to do. Because when you're on the phone with a client, and it's a high ticket item, what are you trying to do trying to reel in the fish, right? And I'd like to know how fast but I have to get feedback on the financing. And if they do prefer to. I'm imagining when I sold, this client should have immediately called you and said, Hey, I got a client that signing their invoice. It's over the threshold for RTO. Michael, can you have a conversation with Cricut? Valley? And let me know if they'll accept it? Or if they reject it, what the other alternatives might be, or other, you know, offers that they would make the client like doubling up on the first payment or financing part of it and not the other portion? Something along those lines? Is that right? Is that the right approach to take?

Speaker 1  25:59
Seems like if if there's anything with the contract that hits those regulations, whether it be sealing or whether it be there should be expectations that you know, obviously under anything under those are good to go if it hits those those thresholds and that we need to discuss. And I think either a phone call or an email to me would be the right thing. And potentially it will, anytime it becomes a negotiating thing, we can look at it in two different ways. One is we can say, well, we can just move on and do the sale and then try to negotiate on the backside potentially losing the sale or making the customer wear that we've hit the ceiling. And we're going to try to negotiate something special deal for them to get them across that line, see if it's possible. And then potentially, a negotiation like that may take a take a day to negotiate through that and see if we can get something that worked for both of us. Right. But in doing that, we will also help me understand if I should be looking for alternative options. Okay, if this continuously happens, and we have a specific thing that continues to happen, it's like and we can't negotiate something that works for everybody. Maybe there's other aspects that I should be considering and start to pursue. As a portfolio that's, you know, long term or solve these issues that we continuously have. And depending on the nature, I may, you know, again, these people are my first cousins, I knew them really well. And I would reunions with them. And so, you know, there's obviously connections there.

Speaker 3  27:58
Yeah, for sure, for sure. Thank you for the guidance, I really appreciate it. That's something that is so valuable to us is just when we hit certain struggle points to know where to take them and how they can be best negotiated. So we will think I only have two current clients, Michael that are sold that have RTO contracts greater than the threshold in North Carolina. The one is the gentleman that Leanne's calling today. And then the other is Ernestine Smith, who is a summer time build. And I think her deal was closed so early in my tenure here with truepoint, that there wasn't even an a clarification that we had a limit at all. So she doesn't have she has no idea that there could be a potential issue, kind of like, I hate to use the word underwriting because it's not a loan, but it is somewhat underwriting. She has no idea that there might be an issue in underwriting the value of her contract. It's $22,000 for a fully finished cottage, essentially, she's using as an entertainment space. If you want to have that conversation on her building now, and we have a lot of time to be able to negotiate because the building won't be constructed until April. We have a lot of time to even look for other alternatives. That may be a better fit for her but she has signed an RTO contract that we can reference of you know what she's agreed to at this point. For payments and things of that nature. She was not putting a large deposit down either was this straightforward contract. Does that help as far as like getting in way in advance?

Unknown Speaker  30:00
Does I'm on the fence on that one, because I

Speaker 1  30:10
would probably vote to not disturb that one for at least 30 days. And doing some deep thinking on this whole rent to own thing, it seems like our our threshold is causing some issues to some degree for sure. Sure. And it seems like we're gonna need a solution. Where are the other either having financing work out to take these on really well, or? And something to bump a little bit, you know? So I would probably not wait that. Or that one until we pretty much determine which, you know, option. What are? Yeah, we have other options that we can.

Speaker 3  31:04
Okay. That makes sense. Do you need her contract number or her name? Just I know, as you're thinking through it, I'm sure we'll be reviewing paperwork and just kind of looking through everything.

Speaker 1  31:18
The only thing that's that's disturbing that when is the threshold of the of the app on there the dollar limit? Is that correct? The 20?

Speaker 3  31:30
Yes, she's at $22,000. So it is over the threshold?

Speaker 2  31:37
And have a quick question. With that mean, with that being so long ago, wouldn't cricket Valley have caught that by now? Or maybe not? Something that maybe come across?

Speaker 1  31:56
overhead? Yeah, the funding, the the funding takes place. Right after delivery. And so that was typically why those get approached about that time. Okay, makes

Speaker 3  32:15
sense. Makes sense? Well, I'll mark my calendar, Michael, and, you know, in mid February, we can have another conversation about that particular building and see what your thoughts are. And in moving those forward, the threshold of 15,000 allows us to sell buildings up to 12 by 24, that are fully finished. Because we can ask someone, you know, a reasonable down payment, you know, putting 1000 down or 2000 down. Because that building comes in around, you know, $17,000, if it's fully finished, if we increase the size, and we're selling our larger size building, you know, common size of 14 by 40, or 14 by 32. That pushes us over 20 grant. And that's where if we have a larger building, and we want to sell those cottages on our to, as you're exploring options, I know that that number that 20 grand or 22 grand is no that's the common number. And I can see people being able to put one to $2,000 down up front, you know, to get it to 20 grand if that was the issue, that I can't see them putting down seven to eight grand to bring it down to 15. So that's just my take on the numbers and how people look at it when they're purchasing.

Speaker 1  33:52
How many of those people have enough credit to where they could get approved for financing through either backyard or green sky? Is that a big issue? Credit?

Speaker 3  34:05
Yeah, it tent it becomes an issue. I would be open to asking both of the clients that I have right now that are in that boat or if they would be willing to pivot that direction. Particularly the flying for the springtime Ernestine? I do not think she has poor credit. She was a banker. She's a very sharp lady. I think she didn't like she's older and I think she didn't like the term as in the length of those contracts because she's older and some of those terms are locked in it, you know, 84 months 96 months and she's she's going not going to be around that long to have this building. But she felt more comfortable with like a two to three year payment. So I think That's why she went the RTO route to be completely frank was just her age and her wanting to be, you know, it being taken care of for her daughter before anything health wise, but happened to her. John King, I think the credit issue is that his problem, I believe that's why he was pushing so hard for RTO was that is he's on disability. He's in a wheelchair. And I think that he was pursuing RTO because he would not have to do a hard credit check. So I guess it different strokes for different folks. I know that doesn't really answer your question entirely. It might be. It might be a mixed bag there. But

Speaker 1  35:45
I would say keep me posted on what happens today. This will be very helpful. How this process goes, and it will be actively engaged in.

Speaker 3  35:59
Okay, sounds good. Thank you for taking the time to discuss that today. The big one for us.

Unknown Speaker  36:08
Good information, for sure.

Speaker 1  36:24
Well, good news was last week was an amazing week. And I feel like we made really, really good progress last week. Really good steps positively. And I think we have some reason to think that maybe we could head down the same path this week.

Speaker 3  36:43
Did you agree? I agree. That was exciting week for sure.

Unknown Speaker  36:48
That's the goal.

Speaker 3  36:51
I will be just a quick update the email to guests will be going out on Saturday. Tori will be working Saturday and you're off Friday Tori. Yes. Okay. So just kind of an update there. That does seem to be stimulating a lot of conversation from guests that I have seen several. Well, I have to go back actually and look at how many but I have definitely seen people reply directly to that automated email saying yeah, so interested. That's great. And they're already leads, obviously. So it's just kind of brought them back to the top of the list as far as following up with them and making sure they have a quote that they can review. So great job on the ghost trading Matthias are definitely answering those. And then the last reminder will go out to them the following week, which would be the 31st. So we go from an email on this Saturday, kind of skip a week and then it goes out to them on the 31st just like a final final call. Get your order placed

Speaker 2  38:08
awesome, that sounds great. Sounds like a good time. Yeah, for sure for sure.

Speaker 1  38:18
Righty appreciate everything. Hope everybody has a great day. And I'll wait to hear on the conversation today. And we'll move forward from there. All right, sounds good. Thank you. Sounds good. Have a great day everyone. Bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai