Matthias Miller  00:26
Hello, haven't seen you in a while. Welcome back. Thank you.

Speaker 1  00:33
You got your jet lag under control. Yeah, pretty well. Decided to go ahead and get a cold just as soon as I get back. So I have been sleeping more than you can imagine, but I'm mostly over that, which shoulders North End coffee out there feeling so Oh, wow, oh, that sounds

Speaker 2  00:55
lovely and inappropriately timed. I

Matthias Miller  01:05
You go back to the Bangladesh time zone again, just for one night,

Speaker 2  01:11
it's like, I feel like I'm actually getting that adjustment made.

Speaker 1  01:22
Yeah, so do you feel like it was a productive time? It was good, yeah, it was a great trip. And I think me, Son and G son are just knock it out of the park. I said, feels doing a great job leading the company. I feel more encouraged than I probably ever did on a visit. Wow. So, I mean, not that we don't have rough spots and stuff, but really solid top end. I mean, all our senior people, we feel good about So, and we got a few flaky, flaky spots on the junior side, but that's loud.

Matthias Miller  02:00
So, yeah, I so yeah,

Speaker 1  02:05
merit, we keep marching along. A year ago, we were at 450 and credits per month, and we doubled that within the year, and been a planning for 50% increase this year, and working on quality and retention and stuff, but that's encouraging, bringing new people on board, and they're onboarding much faster than the old ones did, so I think that's partly network effect. So I'm really, really enthusiastic about the long term possibilities there. Yeah, a lot of good morale. People are encouraged. Yeah, just incoming. I know we'll have rough spots, but you don't have to anticipate those if you don't see them. I mean, I mean, don't close your eyes. But sometimes you can't also just enjoy what it's the good things that are happening. Matthias, Jasper joined beginning of January, and he's just knocking it out of the park. And, you know, well, I mean, you've been close to people on the spectrum, and it is so fun to see someone thrive and loving the office and stuff. The other day, he brought homemade cookies that he baked for the office. Anyway, it just makes it just makes me almost happy enough to cry. So no kidding,

Matthias Miller  03:40
that's powerful.

Unknown Speaker  03:44
You understand this stuff?

Matthias Miller  03:46
Yeah, exactly we. We all need belonging, and the harder I think, the harder it is to find the more precious is precious it is when we find it.

Speaker 1  03:57
So, yeah, that sounds right. And well, I'm just in for a ride. I'm filing my taxes before April 15, so I can, for sure not be too late on my estimated taxes. And that has not been a problem recently, and I've this year, we're starting to do an owner draw so that I pull my full salary. So yeah, wow, we've just, we just turned the corner good and, yeah, I'd love to just a quick update. I mean, just this week, like the freezing call was as nearly well. First of all, he's just a fun guy. You will love him, just chill, but he likes my humor, and I like his, and we just had a not wild, but just fun to work together. And just gets, yeah, yeah. And you know he's, it's gonna be a little bit tough. He would, he would, from a cash flow perspective, he'd really prefer spending. $1,000 a year. So we're gonna have to see if we can do it in phases, to do that for him. But he would also potentially be open to doing, you know, $5,000 a month, and which is, might be another way to do it, just let it stack up and say, Well, you know, here's where we're at. We're fine with $5,000 payments as we go. So,

Speaker 1  05:26
Rose would help them do a big rework of, you know, to the tune of about $100,000 a year for two years, and that was a monthly basis. So, and that one's just done, we just need to get it scheduled. Next one is, there's another client that needs to replace the scheduling spreadsheet. I think we need to keep, I don't know if we need to go back to more spreadsheet stuff. It is just that one has nailed it because I keep that Miller,

Matthias Miller  05:55
yeah, well, it's such a it's such a real thing. It's and it's like, where do I go? And it's like, it's so frustrating. Yeah, yeah. I mean, that's where, that's where Strasburg came from. Yeah, spreadsheet, yeah.

Speaker 1  06:09
So I just, I kind of wonder how many more, I mean, if we should just, do, you know, a whole nother run of spreadsheet articles or something.

Matthias Miller  06:16
But I would be very curious. This is also add this on the lengthy growing agenda. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I am interested in doing something for my own marketing. Unless you can, you can guarantee my busyness of I'm not opposed to throwing in my hand and say, Yeah, I But anyway, in the spreadsheet is such an interesting angle on that whole thing. Anyway, yeah,

Speaker 1  06:58
anyway, that's Ian. Had a nice chat with him. I'm not quite sure where to take that one. I mean, what he'd love to do is do the discovery consultation, which I'm not quite ready to give that one up. I mean, unless the two of us do it together, just because I think you know, if there's one place to land $100,000 deal, it's that phone call. And now I could see us doing it together, potentially, and him, and certainly I'm, I'm wondering, even for the two clients that we just did, if I should give them recordings and say, Could you do your magic on creating the, you know, your cell sheet? And maybe eventually we'll, we'll use, I mean, go ahead, I can pay me, pay me for an hour or two, and I can give you a little AI prompt that your instructions on that Ben can run through, and

Matthias Miller  07:53
just just as well. I mean, give you a 90% of what

Speaker 1  07:56
Ian would probably true. But although I do

Matthias Miller  08:00
having him hemmed into knowledge of what you're

Unknown Speaker  08:05
good. I

Speaker 1  08:06
mean, I mean, even with Ian, I kind of think him possibly using AI to generate it, but I kind of still think that if he, you know, there's, there's those little sentences here or there, like, and that's, I think, old. So I think, I think it should, it should really be ai plus a really sharp person. That's true. Because, yeah, because we're actually using a investor tools, actually using AI on that sales call, they gives me a summary, but it's, it's, I mean, and I know, claw to do a lot better or chat. It's still, you know, to a tuning would be super helpful, I think, right? And, and having him, Well, I kind of think having him work, start building out an affiliate program, for me, might be something that's actually, you know, coming up with, you know, how are we going to do this? Starting to make contacts, and I don't know how big a word job that is, but it's the kind of thing that he's senior enough to do and and possibly reaching out to old leads. He doesn't. He says it doesn't. I think he likes the idea of old leads better than just complete cold calling. But, yeah, but maybe, if we'd have a good script, maybe he would do cold calling too, you know, with spreadsheets and stuff. I mean, you could come up with a script for spreadsheets. He says there is a bit of adrenaline rush to pick up the phone and call someone there. So, and I don't hear ben talking about it.

Matthias Miller  09:43
Yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 1  09:45
But Ben really likes. Ben said he really likes, you know, I think he's doing a good job calling him up, having a first conversation, collecting some basic information, kind of the warmer and he likes, following up with people, which I feel. Little conflicted on the following up, because I think Ian would be more aggressive than Ben is on the following So, and I don't know for sure how to explain that to and Ben is hesitant to hand off the contact there. So, and I don't know, maybe we don't care at this point, but I mean, you know, and I mean, and maybe it is, it's going to bend and say, Actually, I do want to close her then, I mean, in this means being aggressive. I mean, actually, you know, it's like you should have had when you saw this, you know, the notice from the California guy, you should have been on the you should have been like, Ellis, can I get on the phone this afternoon and close that deal? That's what we're looking for, actually.

Matthias Miller  10:44
Right. Little side note, Dwayne's salesperson. Have you heard about that? Who's not just a bit, yeah. Okay, not public yet, but yeah, I'm not sure that I okay. So a year ago, before, even before this project, Dwayne wrote two names on a piece of paper, and one of them, he said, that's probably too good to be true. I would love to have these sales people. Mike, okay, I did hear some of this. I know the name. It's names. It's not public. They're, they're working on all the details. He's brought to two management clients to him already. Wow, in the last two weeks their their credit card processor brought them another one. So my point being, I don't know. I mean, maybe this is something that, I mean, this is something to think and pray about. And I don't know if Ian's the right guy or not, but there is something about somebody who is well connected, has a book of business and is proactive and is looking to build something yeah and yeah.

Speaker 1  11:43
I mean, I don't know for sure if it's Ian or not. Either he's. I mean, I do think he's. He certainly is more temperamentally, that salesperson, right? And he's got connections, he's hungry. I mean, the fact that he's got eight to 10 coaching clients and charging them 350, bucks a month, it just as he's launching. I mean, that's impressive. Try coaching and don't get to that point.

Unknown Speaker  12:12
Yeah, I know something about that.

Matthias Miller  12:14
Yeah, me too. That's life coaching.

Unknown Speaker  12:21
Goodness sakes? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:23
I've since started my hands and said I'm not nice enough to be a life coach.

Speaker 1  12:30
So that's that's great. Anyway, so I don't know for sure what to do about the closing thing there. I mean, well, I think it might be a conversation with with Ben and Tim saying, hey, actually, you know what I really do need is I need someone kind of aggressive, I mean, kind of polite and caring about the client, but, but it needs to be more aggressive than we're I mean, that we've had the past and so, so I really think that it I mean, what I really think is that I kind of think that I kind of wonder if, in this next season, having Ian be a salesperson, and I still join the design calls, but might not be a pretty and Ben kind of does a warm up, and I don't know, I mean, if if it's a big deal to Ben that he joins the I mean, I don't care if he joins the sales call. I mean,

Matthias Miller  13:27
what would you do if you wouldn't worry about hurting Ben's feelings? I'm not saying you should, but what would you do? I

Speaker 1  13:45
I think Ben. Ben answers the phones, makes initial contact, collect some basic information, and schedules an appointment. I think he's an appointment setter and sending

Matthias Miller  13:56
off an envelope. Basically, receptionist, yeah, I think he's a receptionist. So then you should make him be the, I mean, teed up for,

Speaker 1  14:07
yeah, right. I kind of, I mean, part of what, part of what's probably is kind of hard, is that just in October, whatever November, we started talking about, him being the relationship manager. But maybe what we need to say is, you know, we're growing so fast that we think that what you really need to do is be relationship manager for existing clients. I kind of wonder. And you know, a little bit of easy going there was probably better than easy going on the sales side, I would agree. I mean, customer service is way more down his Yeah, temperament, yeah, yeah, and once the deal is done, I mean, I don't mind him, you know, making stepping in and helping figure. I mean, the sales guy is in and out, in and out, whatever. Once the deal is done, he hands it

Matthias Miller  15:04
back. And, yeah,

Speaker 1  15:07
the but I could also really see Ian working out a affiliate program and stuff.

Matthias Miller  15:15
Would you consider giving him long term upside in an affiliate program where the affiliate gets a gets, you know, a certain thing, and he for everything through the affiliate program.

Speaker 1  15:25
Maybe, yeah, maybe I've been toying with how to structure all this. I mean, because, you know, he's making about a he's making about $100 an hour, with a lot of overhead, though, with his, with his coaching. So, and I don't know for sure how you would structure this. I mean, I kind of think cash is, I mean, cash is really nice, although upside is pretty exciting too, although in some ways we're also constrained with just with sheer volume. I mean, so, yeah, I don't know if I mean when he's just doing his I mean when he's doing writing articles for me or whatever, I kind of feel like something close to hourly is about, right? I don't mind if it's a high hourly, because we've done all the work to bring them in that's different than the affiliate program. Like, if he really would make our whole affiliate program work? I mean, that would be wild, because it's one of us that is. One of us is the kind of person that has to do it,

Unknown Speaker  16:37
right? I Yeah,

Speaker 1  16:43
and then I just don't know, you know, the affiliate program is kind of a long term play, which, you know, I don't have no idea what that looks like. And I mean, like, I'm guessing some kind of long term upside is would be pretty interesting for him. I toyed with something like him doing sales stuff. And you know, paying him a pretty hefty hourly rate, you know, 75 bucks an hour or something, as contractor for sales time. And you know, five to 10 hours, you know, not going to pay to 40 hours at this rate, yeah, and then, but then, probably not necessarily, at least on our leads, probably not necessarily bonuses, but then, but then maybe on the affiliate side, or things that he drums up through the door where it's clearly it's not coming from our network, or, you know, some kind of but then how do you make sense? I mean, I also don't mind paying him to spend time building out the affiliate program, which, right now is probably makes sense, and so which probably means lower upsides.

Matthias Miller  17:53
So you could, well, I don't know exactly how to structure this, so I would agree that. Well, I mean, it's, it's,

Unknown Speaker  18:05
I don't know

Matthias Miller  18:13
how you do that. I

Matthias Miller  18:23
huh. Okay, so, I mean, well, there's one of the things that could be useful is taking a look at breaking the job description into components, because it seems to me like they're not all equal value and not equal upside opportunities. So, like, the article could actually be a, Hey, Ian, do you want to make this a per piece type of if you would want to. These are the quality standards we'll pay you this like, let's come up with a with a fare per unit price. We'll just invoices per unit if you wanted to, you could do prospecting, prospecting, Warren leads, what's that of value to you and to him? The the highest value on both of you guys, for both of you guys, okay, the fastest path to cash for both of you guys probably is, well, it depends, but, but somebody who, somebody like Friesen, who rings up and is ready, like they have a problem, and so hot new leads are like cream of the crap, cultivating relationships with existing leads, the affiliate program more than anything else, seems to me like the long term play. And then that's a little bit of the question of, how do you establish value for that, and how does he capture upside on that? And especially, how much of that do you underwrite if he gets long term upside, right?

Speaker 1  19:49
I don't know if this is fair or not. I mean, one thing I toyed with is saying, hey, what if we would do it's maybe almost like an MOU. Do or something. But we're, for the first year, I'm just paying you hourly rate for the work that you're doing. I think, I mean, I think right now, you really value that. And then, you know, before the end of the year, let's be looking at where we're at and figure out, do you want to keep doing this? Let's come up, and then at that point, come up with an incentive program, and if you've built out our affiliate program, then whether you keep working with us or not, we'll recognize that. And, you know, I don't know what that looks like, but just, you know, we're just saying that's an open question that needs to be addressed, and it's

Matthias Miller  20:40
really difficult to say on this front end of of the there's not a lot of information to go off of, yeah. I like that. A simple, clean, easy, yeah.

Speaker 1  20:50
And the Oh, let's see what else is with that. Yeah, okay. I also think that if I let him Bill Me per hour instead of him just becoming an employee with for me, it's good. I think it'll be, you know, he's bringing in this much money through his sales consulting for his business. So I think it'll just give him disproportionate pleasure compared to having an hourly stick for for

Matthias Miller  21:32
if you're open to at least a small kickback. And I don't know what it is for each deal landed within the first year, like cash in the bank or whatever. I don't know, I think, a, I don't know what the size should be, it's like, you know, a nice, nice steak dinner for two in New York, kind of, triceda, probably, I think he would greatly appreciate that.

Speaker 1  21:54
Yeah, yeah, sure. So, well, let's just come up. Okay, imagine that. Okay. Oh, I was proposing like $75 an hour for for the work that he's doing. In some ways that's high, but this caliber person part time is hard to find, and that's about the equivalent to, say, $100,000 salary plus benefits. And so and so, you know, I mean, let's say that. I mean, let's say that he helps close in this year. I'm just trying to think, I mean, kind of what target bonuses are we looking at, and then kind of working backwards, what does that look like?

Matthias Miller  22:48
Do we have a target acquisition cost? Are we still kind of hand wavy on that? Oh, we

Speaker 1  22:54
are so hand waving. That's not even funny. I mean, right now about $20,000 per client.

Matthias Miller  23:08
If you look at a percentage of revenue for last year, you're saying, how much are you spending with Rose rosewood, if you were in just overall marketing budget, overall marketing budget, including you and everything, is about 60, 70k,

Speaker 1  23:23
so, and then, if we, if we just think about code crafters income plus the 20% because I don't, I mean, you know, affordable, yeah, then, then that's, we were probably at The 650 so we're probably maybe 10% marketing, which is, which is a lot better than you were 25 there. And I think that I can keep the marketing budget close to where we were. I mean, and let the Yeah. I mean,

Matthias Miller  23:59
did you? Did you get my email about playing communities?

Speaker 1  24:03
Yes, that was interesting. I have not, I've not chased it yet, but

Matthias Miller  24:16
so, so, I mean, so then from, from Ian's perspective, I mean, that's theoretically, I mean, but you're paying him, you're paying him a flat rate. And if it's primarily, if it's warm leads, when he is squeezing more money out, I mean, more juice out of the orange. Effectively, I guess you could look at it like that, right? You are paying him, you know, if it's 10 hours a month that's that's 90 grand. If it's five hours a month, that's 4545 grand. How are you calculating? Hang on, 75 times, five times. 4500 Wow. I am. Not mathing, yeah, 40 599 grand. So if you do so, so, if he, if, if he can land 1122, normal size projects, then you know, dollars for dollars, comparing this versus your current marketing budget. If you if he's generating drumming up his own business, that's great.

Speaker 1  25:24
Oh, if he's, if he's drumming up his own business, then there's all sorts of opportunity. I mean, if he's just closing a deal, then it's basically the mistake rate of Ben and me. I mean, if he's, if he's just closing one of my deals, then I think, you know, it's worth a little bit, but if he brings something, his own stuff in, it's huge. But the affiliate program is, is almost like, I mean, I think it's possible that the affiliate program, well, the other thing you could kind of do is call existing clients and say, Do you know anyone else who needs software

Matthias Miller  26:06
work game and accounting? I talked to John at gaming accounting. I need to touch base with him again. But he was like, Hey, do you want to talk to our team about what you do? And I think they've given you the same option. Teeing up those types of opportunities would just be, yeah. Golden.

Unknown Speaker  26:28
Sorry, who did you say?

Matthias Miller  26:30
John, one of the John, something, I forget his name with, with gaming accounting, okay, I think we've had an open door with gaming before. So putting that in the in the affiliate program would be, I mean,

Speaker 1  26:55
and I don't know how you do The split on it, on the affiliate program. So, but, yeah, I guess I just don't, yeah, I'm not quite sure how to draw the numbers here. Great.

Speaker 1  27:29
Know, and maybe it may be, part of the question is just to will

Matthias Miller  27:39
go ahead, can you pull the number out of your hat, out of the hat, and for, for for reactivated worn leads, if he closes something that you guys haven't been following up with or something? Yeah, sure. And pull a number out of a hat. I don't, I don't know what it is.

Speaker 1  27:56
It's okay, just so if once he's helping me with stuff whenever he lands us a high level design is 200 bucks whenever he whenever he gets a new person on the mailing list. You know, it's 10 bucks or 20 bucks whatever and whenever a you know, he moves someone to the next level of to to close the deal. Then if it's, if it's one of our leads, you know, it's, I don't know, is it 500 bucks or something, and but then, if it's, if it's something that we've dropped and haven't been able to follow through, although, okay, here's an example. Though, Ben has been emailing one guy every six months, just touching his right now. See that shit been a phone call, not an email, but Walnut Hills. You did high level design for them, and they said my sales people have been griping at me. That needs to happen this year on a get on the list.

Matthias Miller  28:59
That's That's a that is a get on the phone and like you just said, this is a problem that needs to be solved. You're either going to end at the rate that we're going right now, you're not going to have this solved this year. We need to get on it ASAP. If you want a solution by the end of the year, you in, you out. Let's go like, yeah, right.

Speaker 1  29:18
It is, it is that. But all of us even there, we need to. We just need hunger. You just need hunger because,

Matthias Miller  29:27
yeah, I mean, you could, literally, that's the first little bone to toss to Ian, by the way, here's this guy.

Speaker 1  29:33
Let's get a contract together and get them signed.

Matthias Miller  29:36
So, yeah, yeah, exactly. And so, I mean, so for development, there's, there's, like, I mean, there's a little bit of the, okay, so there's, there's three tiers. There's somebody who's, who's warm. They just need, you just gotta just go close them. There's somebody who's who we have not been following up on consistently, and so they're in our list, but they're. Hold. And then there's the third group, which is like, people through affiliates, the people through referrals, anybody who's not in our database. You bring somebody new in, and you close them. This is the amount. And if you can just spitball numbers that you're happy with, reasonably happy with, that can still be in your MOU and go back and like, look like, we'll pay you this if you get to the end of the year and say that we've made an ungodly amount of money off of amount of money off of your efforts, the workman's worthy of his hire, well, exactly. We'll make it right like but, but we got to have, we got to have a place to start. Sure. Sure. What do you think?

Speaker 1  30:36
Sure. So, what numbers would you toss out? I mean,

Matthias Miller  30:50
200 on the high level design was higher than I first thought, but I don't know that it's necessarily wrong. Mailing list sounds probably about

Speaker 1  30:58
right, 10 or 20 there, either it kind of depends if, if, if I'm paying 75 bucks an hour for him to just be churning these up too.

Matthias Miller  31:10
Oh, it's a bonus.

Speaker 1  31:11
Yeah, so it's a it's 10 bucks bonus.

Matthias Miller  31:15
Yeah, yeah, I mean, but it's okay. It's sent by for a qualified lead, which I'm going to assume that he understands. It's somebody

Speaker 1  31:30
that, I mean, a reasonable new email. I mean, I don't know. I don't have to think they have to be wildly qualified. But, I mean, it's not like a student or housewife or whatever. I don't know sure but, but I don't know that they have to even be super interested, right? Because if they're on and they're starting to see our name, I mean, that's this thing that's pretty valuable. Is valuable. Okay? So then moving to high level. Oh, and by the way, I've just started saying 4500 for high level designs, because I can't. And we've said there's we've said they're 35 I think we said they're 2500 to 7500 but recently, well, let's not put I mean, if we've got space, let's just build some margin in and and then we go for there. So, well, I mean, should that? Should the moving line? So if it's a warm lead, is that maybe 100 and if he can get, if it gets a cold lead to a high level design, it's, you know, it's

Matthias Miller  32:46
200 or something, yeah, 202 50. Yeah, 250 I think somebody to swipe their card, somebody who, who's who he has drummed up to swipe their card is of tremendous value. And then if they move to development if it's, if it's a warm lead, basically, if it's a lead in our database, effectively, that he, then it's whatever the number is, 500 if he, if he, if it's a lead that he has drummed up on his own through referral, affiliate, any method that was not in our database already. I guess it's, it's, you know, sales opportunity or email, email list. Then, then it's 1500 upon startup development, yeah. And then you can evaluate at the end of the end of the and then, yeah, MOU,

Unknown Speaker  33:43
I mean, this is all an experiment.

Matthias Miller  33:47
Do you think you're being overly generous in any way? Like, like, if you get to the end of the year and he hasn't generated any new business

Speaker 1  33:56
remorse, I think it's, I don't think I'll have remorse, because if he truly hasn't generated any new and then, I mean, I might have to cost a few $1,000 extra to somebody I like, but that we've, and I've experimented with doing an affiliate program that have been feeling guilty about for, I don't know how long, and I suspect the affiliate program will actually be running and and he might even keep, even if he wouldn't keep on with other stuff, he might even keep on with just the affiliate program, which might be enough For me.

Unknown Speaker  34:31
And

Speaker 1  34:38
so if he's truly working, well, if he's truly working full time this I could this might be up to $40,000 of investment. I mean, I think I can afford that for the first year here the well, 40,000 plus some bonuses. Oh, right. So it is. It's a it's a chunk of an investment. Now I don't know if it'll actually be doing 10 hours a week, 50 hours, and I kind of think we have to say not more than 10 hours a week here. And I mean, I Yeah. And if see right now with RTO and hostile and stuff rolling, this is a great time for us to say, let's keep building out our wider network. And this, this is one of the pain points and we've and this is, this is an exchange for LS. I mean, well, except Ellis wasn't doing it, and it's just it wasn't a fit for Ben So and NC, I kind of think he could, you know, if he gets busy with other things and he backs off and is all you know, either he joins me on the sales calls and not, I mean, basically goes down to five hours a week. I think he could still get do what he needs to do. So it does have some flexibility up and down, I think. Yeah, Joel, do you have any specific thoughts? No, not really. I think that's fair.

Speaker 2  36:17
So in large part, a I mean, well, 40k and nothing would be sort of sad, but, yeah, but I think it's a fair amount of working on stuff that,

Unknown Speaker  36:41
I mean, we think he's likely to be pretty good at and that is not getting done.

Speaker 1  36:50
Well, yeah, I would say, let's do a six month experiment. So now we're if we were down to 20k experiment,

Matthias Miller  36:56
let's revalue in six months. And, yeah, yep, totally Yeah. I like it. And

Speaker 1  37:08
I'll need to have a conversation with Tim. And anyway, Tim and Ben, I think, but I think the, I think the short answer of, I mean, I think the short answer of, we just need more aggressiveness here. And I just don't think it's fair to be in to ask him to be who he isn't meant to be. So, so curious. What would you what would you pay someone like that?

Matthias Miller  37:48
Well, when Audra was doing project, okay, Tim Francis says that he hires, this is a few years back. I don't know if it's shifted his his hourly rate for for this is not full time different conditions, but it's hourly rate for assistance ranges from 20 to 25 when Audra was doing more project management, she negotiated her way up to 30,

Matthias Miller  38:16
which translates into, I

Speaker 1  38:18
think this, I think this is more customer service than anything else. I think that's really what his role is, kind of an entry level customer service. I mean, I say entry level, I mean he does some

Matthias Miller  38:30
relationship Go ahead. What town is he in

Unknown Speaker  38:34
on the most expensive ones in the US,

Matthias Miller  38:40
which well, it's the cattle area or No, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  38:52
you're looking at looking at apples. Yeah? I

Unknown Speaker  38:55
mean, I think you can say cat lit. I think that's okay.

Matthias Miller  38:59
I'm curious, basically, what market

Unknown Speaker  39:02
median household is 123, just generally

Unknown Speaker  39:13
it's median is 2x from HUD,

Matthias Miller  39:17
okay, but the annual average salary for CSR customer service representative, and Catlett is 50 grand, okay with the 37 to 50 to 58 at least, according to Gemini, not sure what sources It's using, sure zip recruiter. And so here, average salary customer, well, this is just wait. This is definitely looking very different from your numbers that you're showing. Though. I. I

Speaker 2  40:03
sorry. Is the you in this case, Gemini,

Matthias Miller  40:08
sorry, Ellis, your numbers are showing your salary numbers of 100 you said 123 Wait, what was the number you threw out earlier? Just now?

Speaker 2  40:23
Household of 123 which which is presumably cost of living, well, but it's presumably somewhere close to dual income on average.

Matthias Miller  40:39
That's probably true too. So that would come out to, on average, 60 grand per income earner, hand wavy, one probably making more than the other. Sure.

Speaker 1  40:56
I mean, I'm not necessarily Well, I don't feel any obligation to pay high for for him. I mean, I do for T I mean, Tim, kind of I take it to account a bit because I like him so well, but, yeah, but it is a bit of a reality. And thankfully, they're a place that has cheap rent right now, and wait I kind of feel like as long as he is, well, I don't know

Speaker 1  41:32
if he can help cover for Tim, then this may not be the right time to upset the fruit basket. But on the other hand, I just one thing we've really learned in follow dash is not to keep pricing the kind of the slow formers be out of range. I mean, just, just keep it boring, and then it leaves the doors open for what you want to do.

Matthias Miller  41:56
So right? That makes sense. That makes a lot of sense. So, I mean, I think this is back at the napkin stuff, but I think if okay, it's double okay. So what would you pay a customer like like you would pay somebody like that? Would you pay him 40 grand in Kansas?

Speaker 1  42:21
That's his skill or, yeah, skill level, role, yeah, probably 40. And then if he's good and aggressive, I'll keep taking him up. You know, past 50, past 60. I mean, you know, yes, if it becomes senior, but, but if, if probably with skill level, I probably keep he'd probably stay in the low to mid 40s, I would guess.

Matthias Miller  42:50
So even annual wage, gross mean hourly wage, annual mean rate, let me, let me go find the BLM or BLS. I mean, it's very different than BLM. They're at BLM still reports it at 48k in the DC area, DC Arlington area, for customer service, general customer service. Yeah. I think if you say software customer support, then it goes, it might jump quality assurance and testers. That's 120 gracious no that.

Speaker 1  43:32
But see, that's analyst the QA people typically can write code. That's one thing we found out investor tools. And so we were paying our manual testers who are, you know, slightly above code monkeys. What you should be paying people who can write unit tests and stuff like that and test

Speaker 2  43:52
that makes sense. I'm sure that was a an interesting realization, and even more interesting to apply, yeah, well,

Unknown Speaker  44:03
that's the challenge, so higher up a level. But anyway,

Speaker 1  44:15
so, I mean, so I think, you know, I think some client service. Well, first of all, I just feel like we're a scrappy company compared to investor tools. And I think investor tools, there's plenty of people with his performance that they're paying plus for, but we're not them. I mean,

Matthias Miller  44:36
you have to run leaner than that. Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  44:40
You probably cap it at 60. I think he's, I think he's at 52 or 54 and I think we just keep

Matthias Miller  44:48
creeping just 55

Speaker 1  44:50
okay, just short of, I mean, just a bit above inflation. And I mean until, unless we see a breakthrough. Oh. Them. So, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, that's that's helpful. I need to give you the floor. Now this has been,

Matthias Miller  45:17
gives me pieces to work with. I know I have a big family, but how do you live off of 50?

Unknown Speaker  45:23
That's that strikes me as a great question.

Speaker 1  45:27
The past year we were okay, but I own my house, we're almost living off of 90 for our family.

Matthias Miller  45:37
Wasn't that bad? I mean, I should, I think I genuinely should be pretty proud of myself for what we're doing, living in Colorado with with big family. And I think that's probably true. Dot, anyway,

Speaker 1  45:51
either way, Matthias, in the 2017 Ejm directory, you and beneath are listed without any children. Your life has changed. Were you in foster care at that point?

Matthias Miller  46:04
2017, maybe that's even, I mean, like, did we just not list Dante? Or when did you adopt? Well, I mean, that might have been right around, right before his adoption. Probably lightly, white whirlwind. We got six. Oldest is 12. Youngest is okay. We have, we have, we've, we. Oldest is 12. We got three, nine year olds, and then seven and two so. But during during covid, we had three, three year olds running around the house, and we actually had to drive separate church because we didn't have a vehicle, and for a while, when Dante was young, bonita was loading him in the back of her VW Beetle take him around places anyway. That's hilarious. I Yeah, yeah. I'm trying to figure out on my what's, what's most urgent. I'm feeling a little bit of a pressure on Strasburg, but one question I am let me get this cleared away. Yeah, Dwayne. I've been helping Dwayne with RTO pro imports and a bunch of design and so my bill for this month is going to be close to 10 grand, which is right around the limit that we've set. Yeah, is there any concern with I don't know. I'm always nervous with that. I know, I know we had budgeted that.

Speaker 1  47:39
He doesn't know how it's broken down. He just gets a big knock and, I mean, are you do you know if he's gonna run out of cash?

Matthias Miller  47:48
No, I don't. I think, I think his sales guys might put in cash if he needs to. I think, I mean, he might be going home and selling silver. I mean, I don't think so. Okay, okay, I don't know where we're at on overall project budget, but well,

Speaker 1  48:05
and see, I just think this whole project is far more complex than we had realized.

Matthias Miller  48:10
Yeah, but there's not, I think you're right, but I don't think there's much that we've done wrong. Like, I don't, Oh, I totally

Speaker 1  48:17
agree, but I just think, like, some of the features that we've built out are far more than we had designed for round one.

Matthias Miller  48:23
I mean, well, okay, so he told me, when he was here, we were talking about, I don't even know what it was, I don't know what we were talking about. He's like, you're asking questions. Nobody in the industry has asked about this stuff. Like, if you actually want to do real accounting on this stuff. Nobody does it. Nobody can. And so, the the, I think it was right to integrate accounting from the beginning and do an accounting first development, because the redesign would be really expensive, but it probably added, you know, 20 to 30% I think, I think the I think the design is far superior as as a result of it. I'm sure it's

Speaker 1  49:05
true, and doing that before we've got 10 systems over life,

Matthias Miller  49:11
yeah, but he's, I am genuinely worried. I mean, we have reason to be very mindful about keeping development capacity available over this next year because that the sales guys that he is bringing on are well connected in our top tier people, and they're going to push they say we're going to bring things guys so and I, I again, nothing is certain until it's certain. But I have reason to believe it. So my main thing is I'm still skittish about the process. Okay, I would prefer to build, in some ways, it's I love compressing the cash cycle and and pull these out of mys bank right before the tie out. It's also really confusing for Hilda. And just it would simplify a lot of things. It means waiting 30 more days for cash. Mm. Which I don't mind, and it's fine doing it, making that transition. The other thing that would make it simpler would be for me to invoice that draw it out of the bank on the first of the month. I don't know. Do you care at all about how Hostetler and have any opinion. I mean, no, do I need to be communicating with anybody about I'm very confused. I think Seth just magically does CRT stuff. I got very confused. On the hosteler side, what I'm supposed

Speaker 1  50:34
to be doing. Let me take a look at this. Well, okay, I think we need the same report for for hostilities you have for CRT

Matthias Miller  50:43
except weekly.

Unknown Speaker  50:47
Oh, weekly, yes,

Matthias Miller  50:51
but if I just give Seth access to that filler report,

Unknown Speaker  50:57
yeah, Seth or me were banned, yeah.

Matthias Miller  51:02
Do you want Ben to have a I can, okay, I do have a hosteler hours, okay, if I give I'll make a mini dashboard, sure with hostilar hours, sure. And then, okay, let me, let me make a note to do that, and then, and then give you guys access, sure, and so, um,

Speaker 1  51:29
so, just so that I for sure understand, like on the zrt, what we've been trying to do is keep a bank balance of of about $10,000 for you, right? So that, what are you proposing? Something different now, no, that's that. I'm not proposing anything different, perfect. I think, I think just, it's just the timing. Yeah, sure. I think it'll give you a little bit more of a warning to

Matthias Miller  51:53
replenish if I get my invoices in near the beginning of the month. I mean, no, Seth. Seth, should know, or wait a second, are

Unknown Speaker  52:01
you? Are you invoicing me for zrt?

Matthias Miller  52:05
I'm invoicing out of the bank.

Speaker 1  52:09
Well, okay, just first I was thinking, I'm not double cashing you. Are you? Am I? No, no, okay,

Matthias Miller  52:14
no, you're not. Sorry.

Speaker 1  52:17
The I mean, I mean, I don't care what you do is with the bank stuff at all. I don't think so. Okay.

Matthias Miller  52:28
The main thing I just want to make sure that you guys know if, if Seth is

Speaker 1  52:34
all that Seth, okay, all that Seth does is updates the spreadsheets, and then between the fifth and the Tim Ben and I go in there and say, How much do we need to replenish to okay, we take Seth's number, look at Seth's numbers, and then we fill in the invoice amounts and create an invoice for that.

Matthias Miller  52:55
And then that you get that by the end of the month, that'll be there by the 25th so as long as the as long as the bank balance is is drawn from before the fifth great

Speaker 1  53:11
let me say this through. So from my standpoint, I we just right. We just we're dumped. You've asked us to dump the money into the bank, into mys that will all hit, that should all hit mys. I mean, I don't care what you I don't think we care. When you pull it out of my s, that's completely your call. So we just dump it into I make sure that mys, that on the fifth of the month, mis has, I mean that we've built enough so that we build 10k ahead for you, right? Because that doesn't, anyway, doesn't hit till the 25th so, anyway. But then I think you just enjoy you're normally doing tie outs at what point between the 25th and the first right?

Speaker 2  54:01
Yeah, yeah. So ideally, the 26th Yeah.

Speaker 1  54:05
So I would say, if you want to Matthias somewhere between the 10th and the 25th Well, anytime before the 25th you do your transfer that you, I mean, you, enter your invoice and once, yeah,

Matthias Miller  54:25
the thing I'm playing around with, which is really bad for me from a cash collection, cash velocity standpoint, but it's just pulling it out on the first which means it's a It's another 30 day delay on getting the money you um, I don't care, yeah, but you don't care. Okay, good care, but you invoice that. Okay, fair. That's, that's awful. So that's that one that was easy. Do you have a.

Unknown Speaker  55:03
I mean, in some ways, I'm trying to think this through. So what

Matthias Miller  55:08
you're trying to do is make so that you have the completed month. I mean, that your bill you want to transfer for the completed month. Is it the Yeah. So what I would do is I would work for 30 days. Yeah, on the first I moved everybody else to first of the month invoicing. So just invoice for that month, which means that I won't get my money until the following month, which means from from the first of month one, it is a 60 day between earned a cash whereas if I do, I could reduce that to 30 days, if I bill right before the payout. I just hate the complex or

Speaker 1  55:45
before so, but your invoicing is basically just a transfer from mys to CCA. That is correct. That is correct. If you do that on the first and you mark it as paid, then on the right, it is almost 60. Well, it's, yeah, it's almost 60 days from so on the January 1, you start working. You work through January 30, on February 1, you say, I need $9,000 and you tie it out immediately, yep, on the 26th or the 20/27 whatever it hits you, yeah, that sounds right, right?

Matthias Miller  56:22
And then the end of that month, it's just, again, it's slightly unnecessary. I mean, I don't know, cash velocity is the only disadvantage. It just simplifies the invoicing process. Just takes everything always. That's just what it is

Unknown Speaker  56:37
that makes Okay, yep.

Matthias Miller  56:42
Okay. So, and I'll do the same for hosteller as well, sure.

Speaker 1  56:48
And what we're doing on hosteller is then just calculating in your amount into the into this spreadsheet, there's a column, column. Here's I'll just put it in the video chat here. There is a CH management column. So

Unknown Speaker  57:21
column n is your bonus?

Matthias Miller  57:24
Oh, there we go. Okay, cool.

Speaker 1  57:27
And I need to, we have a to do here to go back and make, I mean, just make sure we don't have unearned, I mean, unbilled, anything before November. It took them a long time to come on board.

Matthias Miller  57:37
So, so, and then, what's the payment cycle on that? On the 20% so they'll the team will work for month. You'll invoice, and I'll get it at the end of the next month. Okay, well now,

Speaker 1  57:54
but see if you don't know about this, you don't know to pull it out of the banks, the bank would slowly accrue this for you. So, right.

Matthias Miller  58:06
So we need a process. I need an invoicing process in addition to no but if I just pull no when I invoice Hostetler, we need a process by which I go back to the previous month and pull this amount out of the bank as well.

Speaker 1  58:27
Kate, let me let's just toying with, is there any simple way that, because we'll, we'll know this amount between the fifth and the 10th of the month actually, because you won't actually know that number off hand, unless you just want us to put this, this the bonus directly into into

Matthias Miller  58:53
transfer straight to me. Yeah. Okay. So, so my money, my the host Miller, my money, my wages, my what I'm earning is the cease. Management would come off the invoice. Everything else would come out of the bank. Sure, sure.

Unknown Speaker  59:21
Science

Speaker 1  59:28
and from fib, let's have the CH management portion of Stettler go directly to ch instead of internal charge, instead of m, y, s,

Matthias Miller  59:56
this one's I'm going to react in. This one, I'll come back and maybe flag things that need to be or maybe I will, okay, so, okay, Strasburg, I don't know what to make of this. He's freaking out over my early rate. He pushed back twice in two months, and just like I was really, I was, quite frankly, mad at him. We agreed to this. You want to move fast. You didn't want me to delegate. I could have pushed harder, but whatever. So, so, but also thinking about it long term, if it actually is the scope of project, and it is sensible for CCI to share some knowledge. And I do like being more in a design role, delegating stuff is working fairly well, except for building reports where pricing model isn't exactly what we designed for, but that's not development problem, and so I'm not sure how to structure. He wants me on a he's trying to get me to commit to a retainer. So this is, I'm open to you guys as input as well. He's looking for me. He says salary equivalent in his area, he, you know, is maybe 130 to one, 150 K a year. And he's trying to get me on a one to three, one to three days a week retainer. With how things are looking. I'm super nervous about three days a week for sure, sure, especially with only but wait a second,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:43
he wants you at that salary rate for I'll take you at that rate.

Matthias Miller  1:01:53
Well, I mean, exactly so. So the other thing too is he we spent 80 grand or something. The system that he has, he's just slightly part of. He's just like, skip the political BS, because that's kind of what it's sorry for the terminology, but that's kind of what it is like slap the code crafters logo on it. Say we're running development through code crafters. And I'm half inclined to ask you, can you please get a call with Merv and tell him what complete lunacy to have a system like this with the price tag that he has in the time frame that he has, and you're booked out for the next six to nine months, and assuming I'm not grossly overcharging, but also having a pricing model that he's never had. This is now ramp mode, by the way, not problem solving mode, but a pricing model for his, for what, for their palettes that they've never actually had in their life, and their CFO wasn't lifting a finger to do. So end of rant. So I mean, he would, he would have a profit share bonus, and I don't even know, but what I would part of, what I'm thinking is, could I switch? I mean, if, if there's a, if there's an upside, if you can come up with a profit sharing upside, you want to make a proposal to me for I would, I would be very generous with the plus benefits on the 130k number and overhead. And, yeah, I mean, go ahead. I'll bill you for my office space. And you can, you can write the code crafters like the silver loom platform fee. We can invoice that directly from code crafters that you're not paying me that, and it's not hourly wage. And, like, that's half a million dollars here. I'm like, anyway, whatever. So the Go ahead.

Speaker 1  1:03:50
Well, okay, I don't know what all this will hold, but it just feels to me,

Speaker 1  1:04:01
Well, I mean, what do you think of the idea of going pure software with them? What

Matthias Miller  1:04:10
do you mean, pure software? I mean, oh, stop the fractional anything. Yeah. I mean,

Speaker 1  1:04:18
I don't know. I mean, you know this, I do the I just, I mean, I guess a nice thing is, is that it's diversity. But what I when I think about what the hourly rate is for you on that, I mean, I mean, yeah, it's not anyway.

Matthias Miller  1:04:41
It has to have a sane profit sharing upside. But upside is always, he's stalling on firing this guy because he needs to figure out what this guy is doing. He thinks and I mean, that's not complicated. I mean, I don't know. It's really painful. It's not fun. Yeah, it makes. For a nightmarish few months. Yeah, but it's also not the end of the world. And there's a repeated pattern of, I don't know,

Speaker 1  1:05:06
you see the maybe, I mean, waiting until April 15 might be an okay time to do it.

Matthias Miller  1:05:11
But, sure, yeah. And I think that's kind of what's on his mind. He's working towards it. So I like the idea. I I think it's sane. And just saying that,

Matthias Miller  1:05:34
yeah, I think Go ahead. Okay. I I am also, as a side note, very interested in saying, in some form or fashion, telling him that I am surrendering this software project over to you, and he doesn't need to know the financial details. But I think it would help a lot to have a codecraft or software company. He's putting every all the software development under professional fees. And his professional fees budget is out of budget. Like, I can't fix, sorry, and again, I can't fix your stupid like, if, if that's how you want to expense it, that's not my problem, right? That's your That's your problem. Yeah, yeah. But I think having a software company logo showing the invoice, instead of him thinking it's just a freelancer working with me, and having less visibility, and knowing that there's a developer on the other side and other stuff like that.

Speaker 1  1:06:26
Yeah, that makes sense well, and I should see what you know long I mean, part of what then at that point, what we could be saying is, you know, what we're doing is we're leverage. I mean, our goal is to deliver this product at the highest quality with at the as as economically as possible. And you know, we have a range of options, from about, you know, $40 an hour, up to Matthias rate. And we'll pick and choose. And you know where the best you know how we can deliver the best value for you. Yeah. So, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:07:09
Which is Highlands designer though, I look at at what it would cost to I mean, in some ways, I also thought about switching to a piece rate you have really complicated or you have a big detail screen. Okay, let me throw it in the designer and I'll charge you piece right on it. And sure, call it good. But I don't know how often that's good, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:31
I mean, well, I also, I mean,

Speaker 1  1:07:40
I don't, I mean, I'm willing to be a billing company for you if you want to do that. So, I mean, so tell me what you want.

Matthias Miller  1:07:50
Cool, I think, I think what I want is you as the billing company, and you just basically going to the as a proposal. I think that. I think steps would be something like, I sent off an email to him say, look, I think, I mean, you are right. Like, yeah, well, I don't know that whatever by whatever. Like, here's basically lay out the concerns you've expressed concerns about this hourly rate for development, I get it like I've got tools to make it faster. I'm not in here to win arguments, but I understand your concern. And second of all, I have concerns the scope of the project, that having one person as business critical as this is, having only one person on the project really is a big liability. And so because of that, I would like to move this into we have conventional models of software development code. Tractors has conventional models of software development where I'm involved in the design as a senior, senior architect, and they and using their developers, and using, using the maintenance plan, maintenance fees that we discussed when we when we started this. And so I'm transferring the project over to you guys. I'll be the point of contact. And what I'm asking for you then is, I think, functionally, not much else. But besides, can you take care of billing, annual maintenance, and can you, and I don't, if you need some of that to Okay, and then can I please put your logo on the Sure.

Speaker 1  1:09:43
I mean, so well and then. But I do think these, you know, I think you could even start telling him, hey, we've started using, you know, developers in Bangladesh, and that does reduce, you know, we're able to do it how much more or less it costs. I mean, you can tell what the difference. Is, it may not be that much cheaper.

Matthias Miller  1:10:01
Quite frankly, I don't think it is, but, but it's going to feel better to him to know Josh long told me this. He's like, Look, dude, you can't grow get more leverage with your hourly rate. People don't like paying more than I don't blame them. Like, it's just it's everybody's like, wow, that's really also 90% of the world work slow, like, including them, which is kind of like, I want to say again, I can't win the argument. It's not going to work. But I also want to say, look, if you would have your, if you would get a good guy in there, if you would like, go with the people who are sabotaging what we're trying to do, if, if, like, we could, and if you could keep pace with me, we could really move somewhere. And you the cost goes down, but you can't Anyway, whatever So, but if there is a, and I'm also thinking like a 25% management should be on top of development, just like hostile or, Yep, absolutely, and then feel and then, and so I'll probably end up, I'll try to, I'll probably draft an email for him and then propose a call with you, and we'll have a handoff. Yeah, and let's just keep go make more money and help the project be successful on both ends. If he's serious about it, it's, I mean, it really is a million dollar project, and he's aware of that. I talked about that multiple times, yeah, and

Speaker 1  1:11:25
see, we can see, well, okay, first of all, I'm wondering, I'm curious how it's been working with Iran though.

Matthias Miller  1:11:33
Oh, it's just been, it's been marvelous. I've been more intentional about sitting down and being throws back, yeah, well, it's just like, it's right, did you know he made guitars? He's like, a guitar luthier guy, and so he's like, Oh yeah, kids. I know what kids are. I'm like, anyway,

Speaker 1  1:11:52
he's just hilarious, because he kind of comes in, he's kind of this, you know, pudgy guy, and but then what you suddenly, he's, like doing, I mean, he's a musician, he's a hilarious actor. He's, he's, he cracks everyone up. He's kind of Darren salvage in conversation. Knows about everything. He's got his he's working on his CFA. He ran a business for his uncle, doing Podunk websites for Bangladeshi London businessmen and and he just lost solutions. He wants to get into some so see. What I think we should then do is, um, and he's making,

Speaker 1  1:12:36
I mean, so he's, he's pretty new here, but he's had experience before that. But he's, he's probably about 25,000 a year. But see, we could, we could, we could put some junior people, I've got super sharp junior people. We could put junior people with him and who were working for, you know, you know, 10 bucks an hour, and Bill them at 30 or 40, and Bill him at 60, and you get a quarter. I mean, you get your percentage.

Matthias Miller  1:13:03
And if I do 60, divided by 60, divided by point, sorry, times 1.25, $75, an hour. I think you know, if I say, Look, this is what you get out of it. We switched to code crafters, development time, sorry, senior time, I'm maxed out on time. I'm maxed out on like, I have people asking for more of me than what I can give right now. Yep, yep, so, but we can get Development at $75

Speaker 1  1:13:32
an hour well. And actually, what you can tell them is, I can get a senior developer in Bangladesh for $75 an hour. I can get junior developers there for $40 an

Unknown Speaker  1:13:41
hour. And and

Matthias Miller  1:13:45
and then us developers, we don't have capacity. They're maxed out, right?

Speaker 1  1:13:49
Yeah, us developers, and us developers are going to be, you know, between 150 and 200 Well, no, between actual, technically no. If we've got junior people here, the US swans are going, I mean, after your rate, they're going to be, you know, they start at seven. I mean, the junior row starts at about 75 up to about up to about 200 depending on you, most of our in the 75 to 150 range. I guess, I think you could just keep it at most of them and kind of gloss over Seth, who's going to be more than that?

Matthias Miller  1:14:22
Sure, I think it's fair. Yeah, yeah. I think that's fair. And I can emphasize that these are the highly skilled developer, yeah, it's cost of living differential,

Speaker 1  1:14:35
Yeah, but see, I think so. And then I think you just say, I mean, the, I think I'll be honest with him in in say, you know, you did not overpay for this project. The it's, I mean, well, first of all, I think this model, long term, makes sense. We're going to have more people, more people know what you're not. Don't have a single bottleneck. Yeah. Me, and you know you're getting, you'll be able to get development for the in the 40 to $75 an hour. And those are good people, and you've got a whole company standing behind it now on the flips, and you're able to multiply out Matthias design skills, and then having that handed off to to, you know, lower rate developers for implementation. Now, there is some reality and that that is actually the right thing to do just because of the knowledge sharing. I agree. The reality is that you didn't overpay for what you've done so far. I mean, if we did not go on the traditional route, it would have probably cost you this much just because there's a, you know, with a because a really efficient developer is just genius. And so in some ways, you've had a freelancer up to now who's done a great job, but it makes sense to move it over to a standard project. And we believe we deliver excellent value, but we, I mean, I pay the same rate. I mean, you know, I pay Matthias, what you pay Matthias. And there's reasons I do that, or I basically pay Matthias, what you pay Matthias. And there's reasons I do that. And you know, of course I can, there's things that if someone more junior can do it, I'll do it in house, and it's an awful lot cheaper. But there's places where I know that my best option is to have is to pay Matthias. Yeah. Yep. I think it's compelling.

Matthias Miller  1:16:25
So I like it. It's like, who cares? I don't care whose names on the invoice. That's just like, let's stop having arguments about it. We want to get stuff done.

Speaker 1  1:16:37
Like, the amazing thing is, is that we have, if we do this with a run though and and we just and ask for it, you know, a junior person working under him, yeah, and I think that would give him a lot of satisfaction. He doesn't have to do all the grunt work if he doesn't want to. Oh, yeah, just make sure it's right. But he would do the code reviews exactly, and he would do a code review before it comes over. But, but the amazing thing would be that we've just opened up a whole nother revenue channel here that's not

Matthias Miller  1:17:09
bottlenecked on. Tim, well, I would potentially have, okay, there's one thing that would be really nice. This might actually be doable, Time Zone conversion. Conversions from East Coast to Bangladesh. Would you run go in in any kind of customer support role or not? And would you consider opening Jasper or Sean up to a customer support role or not? I

Speaker 1  1:17:43
a runoff. Certainly, the time zones are going to be, I mean, 7am is going to be either five or 6pm so it's not, I mean, you know, if someone starts work early on the East Coast, and you can, and I don't know

Unknown Speaker  1:18:02
what is that going the wrong way?

Matthias Miller  1:18:06
So we are five. Bangladesh is 7am

Speaker 1  1:18:12
Eastern, 7am in the factory in Strasbourg. Oh, okay, okay, okay, 6am our time, is 6pm their time, or is 5pm their time, depending on the

Matthias Miller  1:18:25
year, I know they could do 6am I mean, I think George is in the office by six, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:18:33
So what kind of customer service stuff is it? Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:18:36
I don't know. He just gets tired of paying a lot lots of money to help slow people learn the system, sure.

Speaker 1  1:18:43
I mean, trainer would love that. So and to just say, you know, he's, you know, if you, especially if you schedule, I mean, send an email the day before, then aroma would typically be a Vietnam except for Fridays. But around the would typically be available, and we just have to ask around the what he wants to do, but ask me and if he's willing.

Matthias Miller  1:19:07
But would you want to ask him? Ask him how late he if, if this isn't would be an option, how late he'd be available on a daily basis, or just needed as on a once, once or once a week basis, maybe, maybe twice, but not daily. I mean, I don't know what the

Unknown Speaker  1:19:28
Yeah

Speaker 1  1:19:31
and I mean, super willing to offer, to offer Sean and Jasper too, Jasper, I'm kind of not sure that he will. I mean, you know, he's, it's almost like getting John, John headland on the phone. Yeah, so and I don't know what kind of questions are coming up or. Because you

Matthias Miller  1:20:02
do kind of have to know the system. I don't know if it really makes sense. I think maybe, maybe we should push forward. Is more like me, record more training videos and build out a knowledge base or something? I don't know.

Speaker 1  1:20:18
Maybe, oh, Matthias, I'm trying to figure out how soon.

Matthias Miller  1:20:28
Okay, sure.

Speaker 1  1:20:31
I don't know. Just listening in here while I took I don't know. I'm just wondering what I'm needing to add one more customer service, slash designer or something, and I don't want to grow this thing so, I mean so fast that everything goes topsy turvy, but

Matthias Miller  1:20:54
it's so could you, as A side note, Nick would this is my object. Here he comes. By the way, thank you for that whole I know you're happy, and I know it'll make you more money and all of this stuff, but that's, that's just, I feel like it's the right thing to do. So yeah, I think, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:21:23
Do you know how often in the last two months I've just grinned and said, Okay, Lord Jesus, keep my heart free from the love of money. But thank you for this business opportunity and help us be faithful here.

Matthias Miller  1:21:37
So yeah, well, I think, yes, I yeah, I'm also very grateful. It's amazing what happens when you start, when you take is obnoxious, over 30 grand a year out of business mentorship that makes, makes you travel and take two days off every three months and spend probably five to 10 hours chasing cool errands a week, and you just stop spending the money. It's glorious and happy. So it's spending 10 grand on an expo that or six, six grand hard costs and an expo that maybe, maybe, will pay for hard costs. Um, so the the my observation, is that Nick is in a place where he's not a he's he's not a set, but he's in a place where there's a natural he, could very naturally, and maybe this is where he's going already, but be managing Sean and Jasper and specking stuff out for them, lower level stuff, and he's already doing some of that. So, but he's probably not going to have capacity much. I mean, his capacity is getting going to get eaten very, very quickly, and probably no, not much.

Speaker 1  1:22:59
Design type of yeah, you mean Tim level, big design things, or,

Matthias Miller  1:23:07
yeah, if you were,

Speaker 1  1:23:11
I kind of feel like I need him to be the all rounder that just kind of protects that he just liked that my plates almost, I mean, my plates almost empty because I'm waiting on a few things. Is there anything I can be doing? And I was like, I got a 70 revision client, scope review. Oh, that'd be fun. Let's do that.

Matthias Miller  1:23:36
He's just fantastic.

Speaker 1  1:23:38
It's wonderful. He's such a cheerful, gentle person.

Matthias Miller  1:23:43
Yeah. Well, is there a world I don't even know, but like, we're literally facing Okay, here's a thought that I've had. It does put a little bit not in a knot in my risk reversal stomach, yeah. But if I looked Seth in the eye and I said, Seth, today you become a man. Zfp, it's your baby. Yeah, he legitimately could do it. I'm a little low to lack of diversification of customers is not happy for me. Yeah, they're great, stable clients, dependable.

Speaker 1  1:24:19
I mean, it's yeah. How many hours are you doing right now? It's about

Matthias Miller  1:24:23
10 hours a month. Is what I'm projecting typically on an average month. Yeah, sure. And there's probably it probably would come at some of a hit to the project if I stepped away, but I'd probably get called in for for some stuff, but, but if there were clients who wanted an enterprise, sure process, but

Speaker 1  1:24:54
see, and I that would almost need to, I mean, okay, I kind of expect it might get. Thinking, right that how fast, what capacity flow do you expect for Strasburg? Do you think,

Matthias Miller  1:25:07
well, he's talking about, he's talking about winding it down for six to nine months. So okay, and if that happens, I'll pick up investor tools, get down, as in, I mean, maybe put it on ice and and try to, I don't know. So I think basically stop develop. I mean, we still haven't nailed down the pricing Pricing module, because the pricing design wasn't as clear as it should have been up front. Wait, I don't know if it's completely wasted, but I think realistically, most of February will be taken up and will probably land somewhere in especially if I scale back, less aggressive, whatever. But I think conceptually, from March till till September, it's possible that there's little to nothing happening, but I don't know if that's I don't know for sure that's what he's talking about, but who knows? Maybe the hourly rate thing will change his attitude.

Speaker 1  1:26:13
It's possible. Let me just take a look at my

Matthias Miller  1:26:20
I've also repeatedly mentioned that our best clients set a monthly budget that's comfortable for them, and we try to optimize highest priority things within that, a priority list within that, and and just pace ourselves. And I've not gotten him to bite on that. But,

Speaker 1  1:26:39
okay, so, okay, so, so, I mean, there is a world in which I don't know which where in this stack. Okay, we've got vehicle tracking that Tim is just wrapping up now, after spending okay, you can rebuke me as a manager, because I have failed here the last fall. Jim would design took three months. Lee cock took six months. Vehicle Tracking will be seven months now, now, but he's he's been averaging seven to 10 hours per week on his biggest project. I said you can't do that. You've got to have 15 to 20 and the and that cuts calendar time in half, except you get efficiency flow and it's more than half. And he's like, Well, there's other things that have to happen. I said, Well, we know some things are going to get done, so we just have to choose what's not getting done. And if we, if we, if we say our the designs are where we make the money or where we turn the faucet for our income, and if we say that's not getting done, then, I mean, no, those are going to get done. And then you just start crying uncle to us, saying, Hey, this is I need help here or there, but, but don't let you know. Don't spend so much time on project management, other stuff that we're not doing business. So I think he's but this is still, even at this pace. This is still, you know, he's booked through November, and I think Friesen Holmes is coming on board. And I'm, I'm going to keep adding things to this list. So we have zlp Phase Two now that will include, Oh, shoot. Another one that we need to add here is the whole is arrow accounting. We need you, and I need to talk about that.

Matthias Miller  1:28:49
Oh, yes, please, yes, please. I want, by the way, anything with the word accounting in my current state of mind and phase is like, I've got eyes on it. So anything, anything that that style, you want to throw my

Unknown Speaker  1:29:11
way, so

Speaker 1  1:29:19
I think we need okay? They're not scared to spend 50 to $100,000 on okay. They want a time card, the time clock software for 50 clients and their employees. They so and they are not. They did not blink at the thought of spending 50 to $100,000 on time clock software. I do think we need to tell them what the user feeds are going to be on that per user. And that's going to be a question to discuss with Josh.

Matthias Miller  1:29:53
Would that still be whiskey, or would that be non whiskey? Well, I.

Speaker 1  1:30:00
We need to decide, but, but Josh is fairly adamantly, and I think rightly so, saying just because someone is whiskey doesn't mean they that they shouldn't be a paid user. And and so I think in this whole new world that we and partly because that's where he gets his up, Josh gets his upside right. And I so in the whole new world, I think we're still figuring out what is a paid user, or how does Josh get his upside if it's not a paid user? So we're so and what Josh doesn't want is people pushing towards whiz keys because they're cheaper than database users.

Matthias Miller  1:30:45
Well, we need to have that conversation too with like holler portal. Well, actually, holler portal has to be a whiskey now, I think conceptually as a side note, conceptually it makes sense. Sorry, go ahead. Relevant, well, for silver loom, conceptually, it makes a lot of sense to have one instance, one whiskey. There's also world in which you could say each rent to own company within there should have its own whiskey tied to that. It is somewhat, it is somewhat influenced by like, Do we really have to do RTO company times 50 a month? Like, each, each RTO company have to pay 50 a month for that, if it can reasonably be shared Anyway, go ahead.

Speaker 1  1:31:34
Yeah, so And okay, the clear examples are that we said so far, if these people are personnel, etc, and the hauler portal works into there, then they're worth, I mean, they're worth the user fee. Sorry, they just are.

Matthias Miller  1:31:51
And haulers are questionable. Is it a full time hauler? Yes, sure.

Speaker 1  1:31:57
Now Josh is also, would be pretty willing to, you know, figure out a way to do this, if someone's a marginal user, willing. But, I mean, in essence, they would go to that top tier, which is five bucks a month retail, 250 to Josh, 250 to the solution provider. So and if, if you want to discount your portion, throw it, give away your portion. Then, then probably even for for occasional haulers, you can afford to two and a half dollars a month to keep them in the system. So then and then, I mean, obviously, if it's a customer like Valley View transport, you're shipping something, they need to click in to see a link. I mean, that's not a user, and there's just all the all the middle ground where it becomes fuzzy right now, time card software, the thought that you don't have to pay anything for 500 people logging into the system, and that doesn't seem right,

Matthias Miller  1:32:58
especially if it's used day in and Day out exactly

Speaker 1  1:33:01
so I think there's a lot of hand wavy discussions. So probably, in many ways, it's going to be me often making a judgment call, and we keep coming up with better and better metrics and consulting with Josh occasionally, and we kind of have these rules eventually, unless we find some way to do it. Say, Well, what we're going to do is come up with a revenue share model, or something like, I mean, there's a little bit of revenue share already with the 3% but, you know, I think Josh should be quite willing to do, keep building out more stuff. Is, you know, as user fees increase, it's, it's not the user fee side of thing has not been flush. It's His royalty. Is probably where, you know, it's makes it meaningful for him, right? So, but he also just doesn't like whiskey because it does put more of a burden. I mean, you know, we really do need more whiskey infrastructure and stuff and so reverse proportion. I mean, if that reduces his fees, and he really should be building out more infrastructure for us to support that for us, then it's kind of all backwards. Well, is

Matthias Miller  1:34:07
there a world in which I don't know if he wants this, this, this hinders upside to at least release the reduces the immediate pain? Should zrt pay for whiskey infrastructure? Because they are going to create a substantial amount of whiskey load, maybe,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:24
and he might be quite willing to do that. So sorry that this is all a side

Speaker 1  1:34:32
to grasp and saying that arrow accounting is something that you might want to be spending time on. Yes, please. Also, I think we need more infrastructure. But Bangladesh could actually become, I mean, if you'd want to coach them, they could become whiskey developers. For you, they would love it, and they'd be and it would, you know, it would spread it out now. Or the question, I mean, and the. Are CS people. So you know that, I think they get up to speed pretty fast. But part of the question is, do you want to cancel with that? You could experiment with it within a row, if you'd want to.

Matthias Miller  1:35:11
Well, I really hate phone calls now. Yep, he's great to work with. I don't mind that. Yeah, I don't mind. I don't mind my five a I mean, I could, I could periodically do my 5am or 6am or six or seven or beyond, but I don't want more than once every other month doing a late night call. No. I mean, you shouldn't, maybe shoot. You should never do a late night call. I don't think. I mean, let them work for it, if they

Speaker 1  1:35:42
want to be. So you also hate morning calls, or not as much.

Matthias Miller  1:35:46
Oh, no. Morning calls, I can. It's a little bit of a drag. I don't mind getting to the office at 5am if I need to. That's, that's 5am is a bit of a stretch. 530 is better. But I don't mind early morning calls.

Speaker 1  1:36:00
Yeah, I would suspect that you could even do six, which is his seven in the summer times is his six. And that would probably, I think, I think he'd be willing to do that, I would

Matthias Miller  1:36:12
guess. And I

Speaker 1  1:36:15
think I just don't make sorry, I don't like getting out of bed at 430 to call you at five o'clock. Yeah. So can we split the difference?

Speaker 2  1:36:25
One other possibility, I mean, I've been sort of surprised folks willingness to just do truly nighttime calls. Yeah. So if you can move that into, you know, try and work there in the US,

Speaker 1  1:36:48
right, that can often, that may be an option. I think just asking him, it'd be a good way. But Bob would actually be so proud to do some whiskey development and no obligation. And I kind of feel like we need more infrastructure before we do too much of that, as far as I don't know what all, but and no obligation, just tossing it out there. So

Speaker 1  1:37:20
the zwa accounting design could also be something that could be that, you know, could be something that, although I don't know who would do the implementation on that, that could be driven forward potentially, I think that you would do great on, do

Matthias Miller  1:37:37
you think that's reasonably delegable to Bangladesh or not? Um, know

Speaker 1  1:37:44
if you'd want to take it to Bangladesh. I'm not sure how big it actually is. I wonder if you want to take it to Bangladesh, or if you want to take it to like Nick or Nick and Jasper, or something like that. So, but see, I kind of wonder if sometimes here when you want more capacity instead, instead of working for investor tools, you know, what, if you just start popping off projects here somewhere and say, oops, this one's coming my way. We're gonna have to figure out how to do the documentation earlier later, whatever is.

Matthias Miller  1:38:21
Settler is also, once the ball is rolling, yeah, they're already asking, How soon can we get this project management system? Yeah, and when? When do you think we'll get the coding stuff and so, legitimately, in February, if I were willing to open to whatever. There's no reason why. In February, I couldn't, couldn't, couldn't, if I, if my headspace is clear enough, yeah, they couldn't. Couldn't update the design work with Tyler and start working on fundamentals of quoting design and stuff like that.

Speaker 1  1:38:54
Yeah, I think you're right. So, so, well, maybe part of what I'm saying is, well, let's keep working on the sales side of things and see what we can do. But okay, here's what I think is magical Matthias, if we can get you into this enterprise role, then you, you're, you're multiplying yourself out and getting some upside with that, without tons of headache.

Matthias Miller  1:39:29
Well, and especially if I can, if I can do enterprise role, for sure for you. But also if I can, if I can take strawsburg to an enterprise role, sure my own compliance is an enterprise role, or that's like,

Speaker 1  1:39:43
yeah, yeah. I can't wait to see what God is going to keep doing the next five years. I mean, the one thing I'm seeing, I don't want to build out. Such a monstrosity of a company that my sons regret that they that I did so. So I do part of the part of the goal is to keep, keep working on systems. Keep working on non adrenaline projects. Keep working on keeping the profit margins high, you know things like that,

Speaker 1  1:40:28
100% will. What did? What do you want to talk about next?

Matthias Miller  1:40:34
Do you care if I use the Story series, any of the Excel Series and stuff on my website. Yeah, okay. What else do we have on the agenda? Strasburg, we knocked out Ian, we talked about zrt proposal. If I Okay? Here's my thought on the zrt on the client proposal. Can I? Can I designed something by which we could pilot a Multi Record system. Basically lock down the lookup record currently, push it across to a Multi Record System and pilot it for only. And I build out user components or whatever, work with them to get it. And then we pilot that Sure.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:16
And, yeah, sure, that sounds fine.

Matthias Miller  1:41:22
And then who do I do? I coordinate with Seth, as far as development on that stuff,

Speaker 1  1:41:27
how much work do you think it is? Yeah, probably do. I would just ask Seth if that if you should work with him or Nick on that.

Matthias Miller  1:41:36
And then there's some stuff with wiki. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  1:41:39
One minor note, I out. The US is completely exempt from the stupid, you know, spreading things out for X and reveres things, and Bangladesh is exempt, as long as it's time and materials. If there's risk involved, then we have to spread it out for 15 years. So it's so and including internal systems. So, so it's, it's not, well, probably, usually it's better for me to anything that we're building, like zch and stuff, just to go ahead and build it over here. So, right. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:42:23
we even GCH would be timing materials. So, I mean, wouldn't that exempted or not?

Speaker 1  1:42:28
What am I missing? No, because I own zch. It's my own asset. And so when I'm doing enhancements in zch, then Earl, I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:42:38
before the big, beautiful bill, I

Unknown Speaker  1:42:42
figured out one reason I like a president

Matthias Miller  1:42:44
before, just a big fusible bill, then I would

Speaker 1  1:42:48
have, even if I would have paid you to work on it, I would have had expense that out over five years today, today I don't have to expense it out if you and Nick do it, but if Bangladesh works on it, I have to expense it out over 15 years.

Matthias Miller  1:43:03
Is there a legal Okay? Is there a legal workaround in which, if I were to hire CCI, cci and and Bill you if I would sub out to CCI and you would pay me? You? Pay me,

Matthias Miller  1:43:28
I wouldn't incur risk, because I'm rebuilt. I'm billing it at time and materials, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:43:33
So you're fine.

Matthias Miller  1:43:37
I'm a US developer. That's a little unclear, probably, if you're working with it, yeah, I'm not quite sure.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:45
I mean, probably, from an ethical point, is just about pushing boundaries,

Matthias Miller  1:43:51
board borderline, yeah, anyway.

Speaker 1  1:43:54
And I just don't much with zc, I mean, with internal systems, I mean, and maybe we just shrug, because we don't care. I mean, we've got profit this year that we need to soak anyway It's and we're going to have even more, no, it's the opposite. We're going to have even more profit, Lord willing, down the road that we will need to soak up. And so it's fine, except it's lost money that doesn't get ROI

Matthias Miller  1:44:17
opportunity cost, right? Yeah, that's all I have. I have. I'm going to be out next Thursday. So is there anything else you need for me? On me? I think that's the we hit the highlights. I think so.

Speaker 1  1:44:33
I mean, I kind of feel like with, if you would come on a bit more in design. I mean, I would love to experiment. Okay, something that, if something else we could experiment with is, is the whole claw kind of thing? Is there any way in which, okay, that Claude could cut Tim's 200 hours down to 100 hours?

Matthias Miller  1:44:51
Yeah, I was trying to turn on my I'm having trouble with my actually, no dirt anchors. Is there? Okay, let me see if I can dirt anchors. The name of my. My brains. Nice. Okay, can you please find the section in the only proposal where we talk about where we talk about CRA termination? I'm wondering what well, got some questions about that.

Matthias Miller  1:45:34
Hang on, stop. I

Matthias Miller  1:45:48
have to take this no hang on. I

Matthias Miller  1:46:08
There's some, obviously some, come on, okay, let's try it one more time. I'm not being

Matthias Miller  1:46:19
struck me a little bit with I think the tool needs to be refined a bit, but you don't need to rebuild The index. You're not looking in the right place. Docs.

Matthias Miller  1:46:47
Um, it's really struggling. Let

Matthias Miller  1:47:02
me see if I can find the lumber one, because there I just, I just attached it from GitHub.

Matthias Miller  1:47:14
This was not using, so what I did is, so John, Alex, designer, I've added code to spit out basically proposal style language. And so I attached the spec, and I said, I want to talk to you about this design. We're switching from can't sizes to lumber sizes for mapping cut cuts and a handling curve in injuries. A few issues. One is dimensional lumber. Need a way to specify curve, blah blah, blah, blah blah. We could show thickness and width for dimensional number, blah, blah blah. Look at the design. I think your second proposal is better. One refinement. Do this. The reason is for switch for pricing. We're going to tie curve percentage to the lumber dimension. What gets cut out of it is an artifact of the design. This is actually an argument for the first proposal. Ah, now I'm tracking. So the elegance here keeps the pricing clean. Give a finished dimension plus source type equals curve. Question I'd ask, you actually price the same finish dimension differently based on whether it came from rough cut versus dimensional. Or is that or is it more that certain dimensions only come from one source type? And then I was like, Well, can you edit this to tell me what you're thinking, here's the proposed edit. Go down variant of your proposal. We don't need the type, so it proposes a source type. Anyway, just talking back and forth, we don't need the type, since we have separate spreadsheets, this gives us here's the design proposal with RGS that's cleaner, top level intent. Keep walking through actual percent is what you're physically losing curve. Percent for pricing is what you're charging Exactly. That's right. Can we take the persor, per source and per can't off and just reduce it down to yield quantity? Those are these words up in here, because it said yield quantity per can't, and it said, yes, here you go. Here's the yield quantity. Also drop the sometimes required and required. Sure, the thing you're missing is that the dimensional lumber and rough cut are both embedded spreadsheets, basically link sub tables, so it'd be required on a per row basis. Got it. Here's the fixed one better idea for the name dimensional lumber. It's awkward. Would lean towards stock. I ended up staying with dimensional lumber raw material anyway, like literally talking through this design back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. One thing I noticed you have, can't curve percentage for pricing in rough cut lumber, but no equivalent in curve percentage for pricing because it's intentional. Nope, my bad. No problem. Here it is, dimensional curve percentage for pricing and for etc. And then I asked another unrelated question. So, like, I think it takes a little bit of, like, there's two big challenges. Number one, how do you get the proposal in here to start chatting with it? Yeah, which is what I was trying to solve with MCP and made some progress. But as you can see, there's some glitches. The other thing. Was then just, how do you work with the tool? Yeah, sure. I think it's, it's kind of like, it's almost like, can you throw the proposal in there and say, Hey, I'm working on X, Y and Z, here's what I'm processing working through. Do you have any suggestions? Can you help me make these edits? And just kind of, it's almost like a sidekick that you don't have to pay any money for, I mean, I'm paying 100 bucks a month for my sidekick. Basically, sure, yeah. The magic is, I mean, the side note is, well, yeah, anyway, I yeah, that's, that's a little picture it. I think the MCP tool would have to be refined a bit to make it it's failing in some way, and I'm not sure exactly where all it's going sideways. But

Speaker 1  1:51:00
would you so at this point, then, are you? Are you? Would you start committing designs to source? Then at that point, or

Matthias Miller  1:51:11
the way I have it set up is that I have a very fancy report that runs that looks for mod for that basically pulls full proposal contents and looks for changes to content based on activity ID, sucks it out, pushes it into GitHub repo, and reads from that. Claude does not work well with reading with with, I think there's a world in which it can work, but HD, MCPS over HTTPS, sure. Another way to short circuit it is to put it into something like notion. I don't know, I think, I think, I mean, the workaround is just have a GitHub repo and a Python script running. And I don't know, I'm a little worried about it being janky and unreliable, but you can get it to work. I think I

Matthias Miller  1:52:06
but then, basically what you do is you ask a lot of question, and then it comes up with with search terms and runs a search across all of your proposals. You can pull out sections and make inferences from it, like, Where else have we handled QuickBooks integration, and what are ways that we handled it, those types of things?

Matthias Miller  1:52:32
Fascinating.

Speaker 1  1:52:42
Well, good. Well, I suspect there's gonna be a longer discussion at some point. So yeah, sounds like some things to

Matthias Miller  1:52:49
rumble with. Yep, good, good. Thank you. Awesome. Thank you guys. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai