Matthias Miller  00:18
Morning. Good morning, Joel,

Unknown Speaker  00:22
sorry to disappoint you that I made you have a meeting. I

Matthias Miller  00:26
can think of worse people to hang out with.

Speaker 1  00:33
Alright? I like as of 10 minutes ago, got all my stuff added as far as sales people and the wholesale store and things like that. And shed that does that affect anything that you've done? Oh, let me check. Sorry. I tried to have meetings with these people yet last week, and then I was off yesterday and

Matthias Miller  01:00
got you running? Man, yeah, they did you have

Unknown Speaker  01:04
a little if

Matthias Miller  01:07
you'd have a little less work life balance it work out better for other people.

Unknown Speaker  01:11
Yeah, they probably would, selfish like that.

Matthias Miller  01:19
Let's see. So

Matthias Miller  01:47
was it just Gabe that you added, or was there somebody

Speaker 1  01:49
else, just Gabe, the other users I had actually added, actually, you know what I did that Thursday, okay, Brian and Josh. Gabe, the only one I added this morning, I added a wholesale account that'll correlate with him on that or

Matthias Miller  02:06
like a wholesale story. I think we're alright, and he's in Shut up is Gabriel.

Speaker 1  02:13
So that works. Okay. Now I've got a couple questions on how these leads tie in. There is a sales person in shed app, Michelle Dickens. That is a time employee that the leads need to go to. Crystal Dickens in CRM. I mean,

Matthias Miller  02:35
is it fine just to have everything, everything that Michelle does, go over to her? Yes, okay, I can do that on

Speaker 1  03:04
Okay, got it okay. And then Mark Miller, he works down here part time at my, at my at the retreat store, so I need to see what he does down at the roar treat store. But occasionally he works the Dublin store, so Matt Miller needs to see his up there. Is that possible to split that down that line, or do we just make it all funnel to me and I'll sort the leads out when they come in?

Matthias Miller  03:30
How would you know? How would you know which is which?

Speaker 1  03:41
The only way I would know is if, if I don't recognize the name, I'd have to go back and shed app, look up the store, and then, if it's the Dublin location, I would just transfer the lead to Matt in CRM.

Matthias Miller  03:55
So really, we need a store mapping, basically,

Speaker 1  03:59
for Mark, Yes, Mark, thinking, which, according to Mark, he's going to quit working up there at that location. So maybe we don't need it. We just deal with it for the rest of the winter. I don't know. I don't know. Well, what's your recommendation on that?

Matthias Miller  04:24
Well, I mean, if he's gonna quit, okay, that I'll tell you the drop dead simple thing, if it's if it's tolerable, is just pushing it over to you. But I'm open to

Speaker 1  04:35
No, that's, let's not make it more complicated. We have to. I'm fine with that. If you just push everything he does over to me. And then, if, yeah, I can sort it. I can just, I can take it and just shove it to Matt. Then if I need

Matthias Miller  04:56
to mark with A, C, yeah.

Speaker 1  05:00
Don't ask him about that got some sort, oh, man, that is, there is, it's not Marcus or anything else. It is Mark with a C, and he absolutely,

Matthias Miller  05:10
I had a friend in the in who, growing up, she was Angeline with an i, and when she was like, in the fourth or fifth grade, her parents did a legal name change to put it back to an E, to change it to an E, just for her sake. So random story talking about name changes.

Unknown Speaker  05:33
Okay, that's less hilarious. I

Matthias Miller  05:38
think that takes a bit of humility as a parent to do that. So hats off to them. They were great people. That's a little bit

Speaker 1  05:51
alright. So everything is set up the way it's supposed to be. Leads come in, they would hour come in to the dashboard for each sales person. Now I just need to train my sales team. Is that correct? Yep, okay. I also need to get the website changed for leads coming in for the forms I've not done yet, and I'm basically, let me just go back to that, see if I can find my forms.

Speaker 1  06:35
If I just, let's see, do I have to go in and edit the form to get the embed code

Matthias Miller  06:43
that correct. Yeah, yep, and then send that over to them.

Speaker 1  06:50
All right, I will send that over to them today. Tell them to put that above anything else they have for us. Let's see.

Speaker 1  07:07
Now comes the hard part of talking to other sales people and trying to explain simple, simple things to stupid people, is that how that goes?

Matthias Miller  07:19
Your words, not mine. It's, it's called differing intelligences. Yeah, yeah. Included in this package that I did with Rich, I offered to do a training call with the team. So if you need a you want to get everybody on a zoom and do it all together. Seem to,

Speaker 1  07:45
let's say this. Let's put this way, I will get you on the zoom with Matt. We'll do it. Crystal will be a completely different story because her comprehension of this, it will take four times as long as it will train Matt in. So we'll handle that one, if we can just go over the training with me and you and Matt, get him up and running on everything, and then, then I'll if we can video that call, record that call back over that way I have that for notes, and I'll worry about crystal myself. Actually, I might. I might get Josh and Brian in on that too, because they could. Yeah, we could do that. So let me reach out guys see what their schedule is like. Do you have a certain like, I'm

Matthias Miller  08:34
going to guess you're going to want the morning right sometime in the or, do you care?

Speaker 1  08:41
I don't. With Josh and Brian. They run the sales counter from metal, so they they're there from eight to four Eastern. So we could make them stay late, and we could just all do it starting at 4pm Yeah, if that would work for you.

Matthias Miller  09:05
So let me,

Matthias Miller  09:12
I can do see like take a look at this schedule. Probably best thing would be next week. Gracious,

Matthias Miller  09:30
Thursdays and Fridays are out. I'm trying to schedule something Monday to Wednesday of or one of those days, Monday to Wednesday of next week. Let's see two to four I can do. Hang on. Look at the wrong Yeah. No, that's right. At this point, I can do my Monday to either Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday of next week. I.

Matthias Miller  10:04
Yeah, and then I think also Monday and Tuesday of the following week will still be around, for sure, Monday the 22nd

Speaker 1  10:18
All right, so I'll reach out to them, see which day works best, and get back to you, hopefully by lunchtime and let you know Gabe had a question, wanting to know if this program is capable of holding his work schedule, as far as scheduling repairs and things like that, does go high level, have any ability to do that,

Matthias Miller  10:42
it does have a calendaring system. So I guess the question would be, I mean, I would start by,

Matthias Miller  10:58
I mean, there's, well, there's a few ways you could do this. It does have a calendar and appointment setting system. So it seems like one easy way to do it would be to make a pipeline for repairs waiting to be scheduled, scheduled and completed, or something like that, and then you can, you would tie it in with a, is he who's doing the there's just a bajillion questions. Um, who all needs to see the calendar for the repairs.

Speaker 1  11:39
I think it would be just Gabe, okay, there might be one other user we would have to add the person actually doing the repairs. I don't know sure, but I think it was more for him just to keep track of scheduling things out.

Matthias Miller  11:53
And I mean, he can, he has a calendar view under his own, yeah, under his own account.

Unknown Speaker  12:08
And that would be, I mean, I think that we can make pipeline. I guess if we, if he wants that, I don't know that might actually work, yeah, I don't

Matthias Miller  12:21
know how sophisticated he needs it to be, but then, if you would do that, he should be able to put it on his he could create a shared calendar as well, which would give the other person under if you go under calendars, Calendar Settings and calendars, he could either share his personal calendar with somebody. He could have the person he put it on the person doing the repair repairs calendar, or he could make his own calendar. I will.

Speaker 1  13:02
I'll let him in on that. See what, yeah, see what he wants to do. Let's see Facebook leads. How many Facebook accounts can you sync to this thing,

Matthias Miller  13:21
personal or their Facebook, literal Facebook pages,

Speaker 1  13:24
yeah, like there's a business page for royaltree, there's a business page for double there might be a business page for just premier in general. Don't ask me why this all got started, but they did so possible to take all those and put them in there. Then how do you sort because you don't have zip codes you just randomly assign. Or is it better to take all leads from one account to one person and then another account to a different salesperson?

Matthias Miller  14:01
Well, the good news is you could choose, which doesn't really help you any.

Matthias Miller  14:16
Well, I mean, okay, the question always starts with, what? What do you want to have happened in the real world. So how many of these people actually want to come in and go look at some buildings? I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  14:31
Okay, it's not.

Unknown Speaker  14:39
Probably not a lot of them,

Matthias Miller  14:44
and then how many of them are high intent, and how many are just window shoppers, Facebook? So, I mean, it's a leading question, but

Speaker 1  14:57
it's, I tell you what we deal with I can deal with. 20 customers on Facebook before I get a serious one. I guess that's just, is

Matthias Miller  15:07
there anybody I don't know. I mean, I'm going to guess here's, here's my knee jerk reaction. In the grand scheme of things, this versus paid traffic or anything else you do. This is a low volume of leads. And I would, what I would probably do if it were me, is go find the person who gets kicks and giggles out of chasing Facebook leads with the hope of landing the one and and is the best at it, and the world, the one or the people, and for anybody who's just, it's just a nuisance and doesn't want to bother with it, then I'll just cut them out of the picture. And probably just if they don't, if they generally don't need to come see a building, just put them all in a, you know, just do a round robin with whoever's Yeah, up to the task or, or if you just want to keep it to one person, just to centralize it, you know, more of a sales management thing than a technical thing. I don't think there's any limit to number of Facebook pages you could like as long as their business pages.

Unknown Speaker  16:29
And it might be one of those things that the roar treat one well, guess we could just tie it to whoever's working a retreat. Yes.

Matthias Miller  16:40
I mean, that makes sense if you have a, if you have a store specific or location specific Facebook page, to tie it to that. So it's kind of what people I mean, it's protects the customer experience, yeah, customer experience, yeah.

Speaker 1  16:56
Or rather than the other way of doing it, rather than jamming up so many extra leads in go high level is just leave it as a Facebook page and filter it out and manually type in the lead when you find a serious one.

Matthias Miller  17:12
Well, you can the advantage of piping into go high level. You it would create a contact, but it but you wouldn't have to create an opportunity for it right away, and I would probably encourage you not to, but the advantage of having and go high level is that you then have have it in your conversation. View, that's true. So it'd be more like, I would consider this more like, let it create a contact, do the prospecting with them, and then once they get serious and you actually, I mean, honestly, if you can get them on the phone or get them on the lot, you should create an opportunity for them. And up until then, it's probably just Yeah, banter.

Speaker 1  18:00
Okay, alright, let's see, in Shut up. Let me make sure you did you change settings on the CRM email

Matthias Miller  18:17
in Shut up. The only thing I changed in Shut up was turning on the web hook that pushes stuff across.

Speaker 1  18:23
So there's a company email integration. There's a blind carbon copy email for the CRM. What email we use there?

Matthias Miller  18:37
Is it? Is it company wide? Well,

Speaker 1  18:42
it's just one. You can only enter one email there. Okay, it's the email that it uses to send emails to customers. So that's the dumb thing about shit app. When I send a proposal to a customer, it comes from that email, and if a customer just hits the Reply button, it goes back to that email, and then that person has to forward it to the correct sales person. There's only one spot for that. They don't have it per store. That was one of the stupidest things they ever did. So does that affect how you handle and go high level? Does that affect anything? Or do we just leave that role the way it is, and

Matthias Miller  19:22
we don't really, I mean, if you, and I don't know how that, there's much advantage to pushing it back back into the high level, if you don't have, if you can't control if it all goes in one bucket. What I was pitching to CSC to do was set up a shared inbox. Well, are you guys on on three on Office 365 or Google business, 365 365 I mean, there is a i.

Matthias Miller  20:01
Uh, let me pull something up.

Matthias Miller  20:09
Yeah, like a what do they call it? Specifically,

Matthias Miller  20:20
a shared mailbox, I think is what they call it. And do something like sales at Premier structure set biz or something like that. And then give all your whoever, whoever you want to have access to it. Give them access to it. And people can, kind of, if you want to, people can keep their eye on it, and probably you need somebody to make sure things don't fall through the cracks. But I don't know,

Speaker 1  20:59
well, doesn't happen very often, the way it is for now, if it becomes a bigger issue, we'll address that. Yeah, I don't know why that shut up. Can't just when you send a proposal, send it from the email that's attached to the user that way, when they reply, it comes back to that person. Yeah, and even, how about programming, right?

Matthias Miller  21:27
Well, it's, it's even simpler, like there's a there's a methodology for this. There's the reply to, there's a reply to setting where you can send everything from an email, but have it reply back to somebody else, which is exactly for these types of purposes where, you know, whatever like it's just not that complicated. Literally, it's less than an hour of coding on on their end. So should be anyway. Well, squeaky squeaky wheels, man, like just begging for a setting that sets the reply to back to the user's email address and see if you can get him to budge. Yeah.

Speaker 1  22:15
Anyway, alright, well, let's see one last question that I can think of.

Speaker 1  22:29
Well, I need to get my phone switched over. My office phone. I haven't switched it at all yet. I need switched over, and then we need to figure out exactly. We'll just go through and set up that so that it can get forwarded to Mark's phone when he's working for me. Yeah, so I guess there's no point in talking over that one until I get the till I get around to switching over my phone. Yep, makes sense. Alright, I will reach out to the guys, see if I can get a Tom worked up for setting this all up, and we will go through the leads, go through the setup, and I will, I've got a bunch of online stuff that I got to work through this morning, so I'll try to fight my way through the myself.

Matthias Miller  23:32
Sounds good. Well, hope you come out in skades and let me know if you need anything. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  23:40
All right. Appreciate you taking time this morning.

Matthias Miller  23:44
Happy to Thanks, Joel. Get.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai