Unknown Speaker  00:05
Check, check, hello, hello,

Unknown Speaker  00:30
good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning.

Matthias Miller  00:38
I don't know if it's intentional, but your cameras

Unknown Speaker  00:44
off, like, physically off. There we go, what?

Unknown Speaker  00:49
It's black over here, that's,

Matthias Miller  00:57
it's or zoom, it's turned off in zoom or something.

Matthias Miller  01:06
There we are, and now you got to flip your switch. There you go. Well, I'm Matthias. You guys. Are you?

Speaker 1  01:20
Good morning guys. Hey morning Seth.

Speaker 2  01:28
So was it the last time we talked Seth was getting married sometime that was a long time ago. Did that happen? No, that's

Speaker 1  01:38
still a long that's still like three plus months out. Oh, pretty long, because

Speaker 2  01:44
it has to be after the school year, right, right? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:49
so it's got some time yet.

Unknown Speaker  01:52
So it wasn't that long since we spoke last

Speaker 1  01:55
No, I don't know how long it was. Was it it was sometime this year? Wasn't

Unknown Speaker  02:00
it January? Was it, I think we had one

Unknown Speaker  02:03
meeting in January. Yeah, that sounds

Speaker 1  02:04
right, yeah, Mark, I thought you'd be interested to know that since our last meeting, I went and saw Ross's goal in western Kansas. Okay, that's that was like just a mind blowing record. There was people from 15 states that showed up, at least 15 to see it, over three four days, including from Georgia and South Carolina, driving all the way here.

Unknown Speaker  02:36
Was it at a landfill? Or where was it staying?

Speaker 1  02:39
No, it was at a tiny playa, like a seasonal Lake. Think, like maximum 18 inches deep. It was the only goal there, so you got and it was eating Dead Snow geese right by the road. So it was pretty cool.

Unknown Speaker  02:58
Was that a first state record for Kansas? Second,

Unknown Speaker  03:01
second. Okay, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  03:04
So what was it

Speaker 1  03:05
that was a Ross's goal? It's a goal that's normally up in the Arctic that somehow got amidst all the cold and stuff got blown way down.

Speaker 3  03:16
That's not is it? The ivory Gallup. Which one has that pink tinge? Rosses, okay, yeah. It's like one of the top birds on a any Yeah. Listeners, yeah.

Speaker 1  03:30
It's got sort of legendary status. It shows up on the Great Lakes almost every year or every other year. But other than that, there's been maybe five or 10. This is one of few in the last this century, or this since the turn of the century, that was not on the Great Lakes around the ocean, probably one of like, four or five, and the farther, about the farthest south

Unknown Speaker  03:54
of those so, wow, wow. So

Speaker 3  04:01
that's probably your best burden north of in in the United States, isn't it? Probably, yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:08
it's incredible. Um,

Speaker 3  04:16
good. Well, I think it was probably just a coincidence, like right before the meeting, we got the what was the fourth installment, or the fourth story of the from investor tools

Unknown Speaker  04:30
or not? Investor tools from,

Speaker 3  04:33
from folks, crafters on. So I have a feeling. Matthias, are you the editor heavily involved with that.

Matthias Miller  04:42
I was the the guilty brain child, and first draft author,

Speaker 3  04:50
I just read through it real quickly about the storm blowing in, and then I don't know, was the tech savvy nephew at the end, it was. Had a reference to Seth, or was that?

Speaker 4  05:11
I don't know. I'm scratching my head on what you're talking about.

Matthias Miller  05:16
Oh, you gotta sign up for the CO crafters email list. Man, you're missing out.

Speaker 4  05:19
How do you sign up for the code crafters email list? I

Matthias Miller  05:24
would guess, by going on the code crafters website and putting in your name and email.

Unknown Speaker  05:29
I should do that.

Matthias Miller  05:34
Well, I don't even know how you do you can.

Unknown Speaker  05:39
I don't know I just started getting them

Matthias Miller  05:46
even better email. Do you have Ben's email? Well, Ben's new email address, this CO drafter email. I'll do this. I'll send an email to Dwayne CC solutions, adding Dwayne to CCI email list.

Speaker 1  06:14
Here, here's how you do it. CCA, I figured it out. Yeah, better than me. Look. It's on the silver loom website. So if you open I send it on the chat. If you open that, there's a sign up to receive monthly stories.

Speaker 4  06:37
Sign up to receive monthly stories. I'll check that out.

Speaker 2  06:40
They're, they're great stories with a subtle sales undertone.

Matthias Miller  06:47
We, we may be leading you somewhere. Maybe, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  06:59
it'd probably be hard to

Unknown Speaker  07:02
Oh yeah, like

Speaker 3  07:07
to know where the line is on. Like, how much do you drive home the point? You know, not exaggerated, but really hammer hammer home the point.

Unknown Speaker  07:20
Yeah, I think

Matthias Miller  07:23
I'm glad you're enjoying them. I I tell people, the best, the best copywriting inputs, are the many conversations we've I've had with, oh, I don't know, people who've had bad bosses or bad work experiences, or something, or clients who come to us with some kind of woe from the past,

Unknown Speaker  07:47
what, what is like from from the software side, what is

Unknown Speaker  07:52
like? You surely heard some really

Speaker 3  07:54
terrible ones. What are some, you know, any that come to mind, we're just a total disaster.

Matthias Miller  08:00
Yeah, I think one of the worst was an organization that had spent some of these came by second hand, half a million or million on project and, and just, it's probably nothing but sunk cost, like, Project Not, not complete. I mean, it's the classic, I don't know,

Matthias Miller  08:29
the classic dysfunctional relationship, where they're like, Oh yeah, we're gonna change, like things are gonna get better. Just hang around. We're almost there. And then you take a dozen of those steps, or dozens of those steps, and things don't change. So the worst ones have been up, up in that, in that price point that we've heard

Speaker 2  08:52
so in, in the software development, things that go like that, what? What's the problem is it just people that don't know what they're doing and they are in over their heads, or those kinds of stories like they say, Oh, we're going to develop some software to do this for us, and then, and then they just get stuck, spend a lot of money and don't get it done. There's

Matthias Miller  09:17
a handful of things. It's one, one of the worst, worst projects I ever did this was over eager salesperson closed the deal. We developed software for a role in an organization that didn't exist yet. So there is, there is that, oh, we think it should do this and maybe that, and let's go build it, and we'll figure it out. And like, like, and we've had these conversations many, many, many times. Like, what's the business process? Can we do it with spreadsheets for now? Can we, can you do it by hand if you have to? And then we'll write the software around that. So that's. That's an issue. There's the issue of junior developers. I mean, so much of what happens, this has happened frequently, where they start building it on one platform, and then maybe it doesn't perform well enough, or maybe somebody just gets shiny object syndrome. And they're like, Let's go rebuild this whole thing, and we're going to move this whole thing from this platform over to this platform, which sounds good, but in practice, if you've seen how we do bug fixes, like there is an issue with rounding and the checks aren't don't have the exact, precise words. That is one example of one minor little detail within the software that has big ramifications, and if you were to switch platforms, you have to be sure to replicate that in the new platform. So it looks really easy, but there's a lot of details that are really easy to miss. So that's one that throws them sideways. Developers who don't, or software teams who don't, Josh is, Josh is king, and I am the indoctrinated. I don't know what indoctrinated step brother. I don't know what it is of controlling scope with clients like no, we are going to focus on the most important things that gives us the best return on our effort and cost investment. And these things, in the grand scheme of things, do not matter, so we're not going to do them. And so that's partially, I mean, that's that is a mutual, that's mutual in the relationship. And then on the flip side with clients, what happens is they get these you have these visionaries. And the moment that that the world, you know they can do anything, the world opens up to them. They can do anything. They want everything, and they can't really control themselves and pace themselves. So I think it's, yeah, and senior experience, really does. I mean, I don't know, you can't really, it's, it's a little bit like, Do you want a guy who spent a summer framing to become the GC and run the whole project, or, you know, there's something that comes with experience you just can't escape. So

Speaker 3  12:31
interesting. I was ready to ask the same question too. I figured you'd have some different answers. Honestly, I figured that. I mean, how much is there breakdown between, or not a breakdown, but, like, just a gap between I don't know the software actually works if you know how to use it, but it there's not the communication between the client the developers is like, where you have this thing of you finally talk to the right person and how to use the software, and you're like, oh, wish I'd known that a year ago, like I had no idea how to use this properly. I don't know is that

Matthias Miller  13:07
that's, that's a thing, and it also goes the other way. So I think this is, this is tooting my own horn a little bit. But part of the unique thing for myself is that I have this vast array of experiences across a broad spectrum of business, and I have depth of technical knowledge and so, but what can end up happening is that you've got, I mean, it can also go for people asking for things. So if you have a developer who's Junior, they'll listen to what they're asking for, and they'll build exactly what they're asking for instead of like, okay, so this is the here's here's what you have, here's what you're imagining, but here's the end game. I mean, the outcome is just that we need like, like, the the how doesn't matter. We just need to get these outputs somehow. And so now let me build out the roadmap, and so that translation layer happens like, like you described in, yeah, multiple ways.

Speaker 3  14:13
It probably happens a lot more with bigger software companies, where you have the sales, you know, where you have people between the client and the developers like, we've, yes, I mean, we've, we've discussed this amongst ourselves already, like that. That is one of the strength that both you and Josh bring is, is like you look, you listen to everything we're saying, and then you say, Okay, here's, here's what you actually want. Or you'll say, you guys, okay, figure out. It sounds to me like you're not exactly sure how you want this process to work. So go figure it out. And then, then talk to me. Wow. You say, say it in more diplomatic terms than that, but like we can. Build what you don't even have it mapped out right. Sometimes

Speaker 2  15:03
it's just having that conversation that helps realize that we don't actually know what we're looking

Unknown Speaker  15:08
for. Yeah, yeah. So yeah, good.

Unknown Speaker  15:18
So

Speaker 3  15:19
you should have received an agenda, I'd say, Yeah, unless there's something else to cover. Let's jump in. Start with that. So I wanted to see about our next meeting. If we do first and third Thursday, it would be the 20th, but that's we have. I thought it might be more helpful if it works for your schedule through at the 27th right after our death priorities meeting on the 21st because I expect there's going to be projects coming out with that. So

Unknown Speaker  15:53
does does that work for you guys?

Matthias Miller  15:58
Works for me? I don't have anything.

Unknown Speaker  16:01
Yeah, I think that should work for me. Okay,

Speaker 3  16:07
so I think the biggest things to look at today are blocking books, closing books. So we were at right now is we've locked books for chat time and portable bond for 24 so I not exactly sure where to start. I think most health would be if Matthias would explain how this works currently, and then we review what changes need to be made and determine next steps.

Unknown Speaker  16:42
I so I feel,

Matthias Miller  16:46
I feel a little dumb. Did we implement this? I mean, I remember designing this, but um, Seth, isn't there? There's like this accounting impact. I'm pretty sure we coded it. I think

Unknown Speaker  16:59
it, yeah, okay, what are you referring

Matthias Miller  17:04
to? Oh, this is easy. This is easy. We have an accounting impact. Changes affect reconciled transaction, right? And all we need to do is change that from or add a similar one, or change it or adapt it to, does it affect a locked or, well, locked or closed transaction? Okay, and then just add a warning message for it. So it's maximum, maximum, maximum. Well, it's, it's probably, I don't know it's, it's maybe half a day of, Seth, if he goes and and does it by himself, and it's maybe a couple hours, if he and I knock it out sometime, sound right? Seth, I think so. And then that will, that'll good. That is

Speaker 1  18:01
to give a warning if someone edits an invoice or something that affects Well, I'm

Matthias Miller  18:07
going to assume we want to post counting so some people most be am I right mark that some people should be allowed to bypass the warning and say, Yeah, I know this is going to break accounting, but we want to do it, but AP, you don't want well, or do you just wanted a warning across the board? Or do you want to block? AP,

Speaker 3  18:28
well, okay, so, so with the way we're using permissions right now, I'm a little nervous with that. I would rather, I think we should go to where we just block it for any user at any permission level. And then

Unknown Speaker  18:47
only I

Speaker 3  18:49
don't know is that even a permissions thing, I mean, I have, I don't think anybody's outside of maybe drew or i is going to go back and unlock a my thought is, if we do need to make a change in a lock period, we'll go unlock that period, do our thing, you know, in 10 minutes, and then lock it again. Sure is that.

Speaker 2  19:13
I think so. I mean, we, you know, we thought about the workflow interruption if they can't do what they're intending. But basically they'd have to just notify us, like, hey, this was something that's dated back when it won't let me and so you guys have to take care of it. I mean, that's basically I would deal with it, like, maybe comes up on something.

Matthias Miller  19:40
So the only concern I have is that somewhere, Josh has an import that's trying to update stuff I don't know, big file, or finish good something, or I don't know AND, OR, first. Some reason, and I don't know why this would happen. Well, I know why you're you're trying to, I don't know why this would happen, but you're trying to make a payment on an old sales order. Dealer tries to run the card, and I can't come up with a realistic scenario, but good.

Speaker 2  20:21
It was blocking me from even reconciling full checks like 2024, checks that hit the bank. You know, in February, I couldn't even, I couldn't even click the reconcile button on so, you know, we'll, we'll need to be allowed to make a change like that. I don't know if there are certain kinds of changes that can be just blocked, or if everything has to be blocked together, or,

Matthias Miller  20:48
well, that's a separate conversation.

Unknown Speaker  20:58
Well, is

Speaker 3  21:01
so I don't know if we've talked about this or not, but if I think the classic situation is going to be we've locked a period. Oh, here's an invoice that, you know, AP gets, and they want to put it in any enter it as of a lock period, like is the thought that we have one of two options. One, they, they either just date it forward into a period that's not locked, or they reach out through or I, and we, we enter it, which is

Unknown Speaker  21:37
what we're going to do,

Matthias Miller  21:41
what, but then you enter it and what happens to the books. Do you update accounting impacts so that, I mean, you're not going to want to shift numbers, so you enter it in, and it never shows up in accounting anywhere. Is that what you want?

Speaker 2  21:53
Well, no, we have to. We will just date it forward. You'll date it forward. Okay, now,

Speaker 3  22:00
can we? Can we just make so that, if that happens, that they do their thing and it just underneath the hood, it just dates it forward to the first date?

Unknown Speaker  22:14
Um, or does

Unknown Speaker  22:15
that create a whole host of issues,

Speaker 2  22:19
like, let's say I would rather educate them on what to do. Like, they would get a warning that says you can't put this in here, because through so and so is a locked period, so you have to date after that. Like, could the warning just say this needs to be dated after so and so because it's locked.

Unknown Speaker  22:42
Good? Yeah, I have question,

Speaker 4  22:46
how, how? How recent will locked periods be?

Speaker 3  22:54
Well, up until so 24 we're just now locking 24 but looking ahead, our hope is that we can start locking month, probably quarters after, I don't know, maybe the like, by the 15th of the following month. It might be a little that's

Unknown Speaker  23:17
a that's pretty, that's true, maybe a close,

Speaker 3  23:21
maybe a month, I don't know. I mean, the the part that, the the situation we have now is we, we issue financial statements and then, you know, they, they continue to change for another 1520, days, just

Unknown Speaker  23:38
slightly. But

Speaker 3  23:42
you think, like a month afterward is more realistic? Well, I

Speaker 4  23:46
just, I know how often things are attempted to be changed as far back as six months periods. And I'm afraid that we start locking periods, and we're going to be, we're going to be abandoning the locking idea in a real fast hurry. Something's something's going to go, you know, is, is not going to want to work, right? I mean, I understand the concept for locking periods, just, I don't know. It's one of these things where, I guess the only way we probably going to learn what it's going to impact is if we just go ahead and do it, and then we're going to find out real fast what it's, what it's going to, what it's going to, you know, stop us from doing

Speaker 2  24:32
well, I think it should definitely be after the normal surge of changes takes place. So, so if it's normally, you know, if, if editing something that's two months old is very common, then we probably shouldn't lock until after the two months mark. But if three months is pretty uncommon, then you know, that would give us an idea of where you know so

Speaker 4  24:59
well that. Me ask a different question. So let's talk about, usually, where there's a longer cycle of things is on the sales side, and really, none of that really starts to trigger until you invoice. Am I correct in that nothing is going to like, really, from an accounting side, accounting doesn't care about that invoice, really, until we invoice it, you

Matthias Miller  25:21
would have customer deposits that might be on there if somebody takes a down payment. But that should be it. So

Speaker 4  25:29
the potential, potential exists, that you would have deposits from a locked period on a sales order that is inside of a period that's not locked. And would that be an issue only

Matthias Miller  25:39
if you want to change the deposit.

Speaker 3  25:43
So the date you're going to be referencing for locking is the transaction date,

Matthias Miller  25:48
the accounting transaction date. So for for a sales order, you've got multiple transactions, you've got any deposit, you've got all the payment transactions, and then you've got the invoicing transaction, um, yeah.

Speaker 4  26:03
So, I mean, we just, we just had one yesterday, where if we were locking within a two month period of time, we would have been in trouble, where there was a there was a foul up on communication on where a payment was supposed to be applied. There was a discrepancy between the dealer and Calvin on on where it was supposed to go. And I want to say it was beyond two months ago. And so it required, you know, undepositing things and moving it around and getting it into the correct location

Matthias Miller  26:36
right. That would be a common scenario. But then if it closes your end period, that still has to be true, because and he can make those changes and know that the P and L isn't going to shift and just ignore what happens. The question back to you, Dwayne then is, how often do down payment, or do you get payments get applied to the wrong sales order? I mean, it's,

Speaker 4  27:09
it happens, I don't, I don't know if, I mean, it's probably, it's less than 10% it's probably less than 5% it's probably a percent or two of the time. But it happens, you know a dealer, and this is where you have individuals who are applying money to a sales order record who are not as precise as the person who's doing the accounting. And, you know, sorry, something, and, or, or, here's a more common scenario, is you have, you would have a payment that, okay, here's, here's an actual scenario that we're gonna we're gonna run into you, you start a sales process, and a deposit is made on a check payment, and two or three or four or five months later, because it's a long, extended sales period, cycle of, you know, the customer didn't want that building built until, you know, six months from now, well, that point comes along and they say, Oh, well, you know, I want to completely change this all up and and for whatever reason, things get shuffled around, things get redone. And we want to move that money, you know, into a different sales order. And,

Matthias Miller  28:13
but you could, you could move that money by adding a payment line as a credit to the original sales order with a note and adding a new payment line to the new sales order with a note, and move it that way, instead of literally reassigning the payment to different sales order. If you

Speaker 4  28:31
had to do, we do we currently support that concept.

Matthias Miller  28:35
Well, you have an adjustment for customer overpayment and adjustment for customer underpayment. And so you would create, create an overpayment on the on the first one, as of notes and link, link the two together.

Speaker 2  28:53
Yeah, there'd be a transaction that would have to happen on the backside, because those don't hit the same accounts.

Unknown Speaker  29:00
Oh, got it. Over

Speaker 2  29:02
payments goes to an account to pay out of to pay people back, and underpayments hits bad debt, right?

Matthias Miller  29:11
So we have to create, we could directly have another payment type that's basically, yeah, well, or you could have a, have a move payment that that goes to an account that should always stay, stay at zero, and if it doesn't, then you know, somebody didn't do their job, right?

Speaker 2  29:31
Yeah, reassigned payment or something, and then it just hits an account, and it can be negative or positive, and you make it, make a negative on the one you're taking off and positive on the one you're adding it to. Yeah, that would work. The

Matthias Miller  29:47
advantage of that. I mean, yes, it's weird, but you then, I mean it's, it's actually easier.

Speaker 4  29:57
I mean, this is not, this is not unique. To our accounting process. I'm sure other accounting softwares and businesses handle this. What? What are the solutions like? Obviously, businesses want to lock accounting, you know, periods. I get that because you want things to be fixed at some point. How do you know what is another accounting software like, say, QuickBooks or EVMS or something? How do they handle something like this?

Unknown Speaker  30:24
You mean locking or the payment thing? Well,

Speaker 4  30:26
where you would lock something that may have, you know, may cross periods where you have, like it, this case of a deposit being in a locked period, and you need to do something with that. I'm sure there's a way to a process for, I don't know, unlocking or moving or something.

Unknown Speaker  30:55
I mean, the

Speaker 2  30:57
I'm not actually sure, because I don't even think you can lock in QuickBooks until you get to some higher, higher than most people, subscription levels. But the manual approach would be, would be to either unlock and change it, or else, the expected approach is that you just write a journal to move it, you know, in the new period. So it's just, it just rides out that period wrong, and then in the new period you correct it, which is, is really what you're doing, even with this, like, even if we had that payment method, that payment would be applied incorrectly through the duration. Then you come to the new period, and then you put that payment method thing in there to switch it, and then at that point, it gets fixed.

Speaker 4  31:51
So to me, it seems like the high level question we're actually saying is, do we want to have ways for lower level individuals to handle situations that may cross into a locked period, or is this going to be predominantly handled by someone with a level like Mark or drew to to always handle, you know, situations that may come along like this? Is that? I mean, that's what seems like the core question here.

Matthias Miller  32:24
Keep, keep in mind as well, that we could differentiate between locked periods and closed periods, if we need to. So,

Speaker 2  32:33
because a locked I mean, the way I understand it is a closed period is something like closing the year for taxes. We do not want that yes, thing to change, whereas the lock period is, we can change it if we have to. But we don't really want people just kind of willy nilly accidentally throwing things around. Is that, you know, like, like, we'd lock up the first quarter of the year, say, in February we'd lock up, or in May we'd lock up the first quarter. We're basically just saying. It's not that we can't change something there, but we want to have a really good reason for it.

Speaker 3  33:18
I think so. I mean, it seems like, if you go back to the old paper manual process, it's a closing period. It's like, after you've closed, it's more or less like you file taxes on this. So no, that can't be changed, and a lot period is okay. We've filed this month in this drawer, so unless you asked your your supervisor, you can't go back and change anything. You shouldn't change anything. There is kind of going

Speaker 2  33:49
well. Now, the question, another question I have on this, does this if it's locked period, does it disconnect between accounting and the records, like we did for 23 stuff.

Matthias Miller  34:07
Well, I mean, effectively it has to, because I don't think there's any world in which, well, hang on. Never mind. Does locking allow transaction to be edited? Can locking is, is locking always a flicks with lock date is, is there permission that lets people edit locked has Transaction Date? I don't think there's any permission that overrides locking. So I mean, currently, what's happening is, and this is what I was, what raised the issue in the first place, we have accounting transactions that are trying to push to accounting, and it can't, because it's locked.

Matthias Miller  34:54
Well, we,

Speaker 2  34:58
I mean the 2023, disc. Connect is we're going to have a love, hate relationship with that. We needed it, but yet it has been the source of all our thorns in the flesh of just like, I mean, I think it's it's still the thing we're battling with, because when our reports give one thing and and accounting gives something else, then we have to figure out where the disconnects are, and everything shows as though it's going through properly, like in our transaction error report. So and I'm afraid if we, if we continue and we say, okay, let's disconnect 24 now, then how many more things are going to come up? That's what I'm afraid of.

Matthias Miller  35:59
Well, if we block editing for locked and closed periods, then, then it doesn't matter

Speaker 2  36:08
you're saying you're not allowed to, oh, it won't allow saving something, yeah.

Matthias Miller  36:12
I mean, it'll just Yes. I mean, you know, yeah,

Speaker 2  36:17
it would allow, like, adding another payment to a sales order that's in a block period, or making a payment on a vendor invoice it's in a block period or or a reconcile date for a check from a block period.

Matthias Miller  36:31
Well, reconcile date is a separate issue that we need to chase. But yes, yeah, okay.

Unknown Speaker  36:35
I think basically

Speaker 3  36:36
what we want is, is, if it's in a lock period, then that means a transaction, an accounting transaction, within that time frame, cannot be changed.

Speaker 1  36:49
See, is that well, and you couldn't make a change to a sales order that would change a transaction or create a transaction in that period, right?

Speaker 3  36:57
But you could change so. So let's say there was a sales, sales order in 24 and the customer made one down payment. It hasn't been invoiced yet, so now in 25 now we've locked it. Now in 25 the customer says, oh, I want to change that to a a bigger building. You should be able to change that sales order. The only thing you can't change on that is you can't mess with the original payment that that was the payment that happened in 24 Yeah.

Speaker 2  37:30
Well, I think we should, or you could, like, change stuff that doesn't have to do with the transaction. You know, if you want to change the name of the discount instead of, instead of being the October discount, it could be the, you know, so and so show discount or something,

Matthias Miller  37:47
right? But we also need to think through what happens if you we have memos on locked periods. So presumably we need to loosen the validation so that

Unknown Speaker  38:01
I uh, yeah.

Speaker 3  38:04
So what are you what you'd be locking is if you open up a transaction, right, whatever you see on that transaction basically is what's going to be locked, right?

Speaker 2  38:12
Yeah, okay, well, I would say that would be okay, because you don't want to people really changing the names for things either you know like that contact information is coming over on that transaction.

Speaker 4  38:27
I didn't follow what you anyone follow what you met Matthias by memos on a

Matthias Miller  38:33
like with sales orders. Let me see if I can find an example.

Speaker 4  38:39
So are you? Are you saying that a record that would be in a locked period is completely unedited? In other words, you couldn't even

Matthias Miller  38:46
go, no, but there are some sales orders. What's the fastest way to get to one of these? Go

Speaker 3  38:56
to Brian Lloyd, maybe as a bucket. Hey?

Matthias Miller  39:06
Sorry, that's

Unknown Speaker  39:11
okay. Don't do include, well, yeah, because there's some doom. We do so there's probably the second last one, right? Okay, so, so this sales order was created in, yeah, I think this is a good example of Yeah.

Matthias Miller  39:33
But maybe it's not this one, it's, it's, it's deposits. Maybe I think it's deposits. That's what I meant. Yeah, this one gets fun. Oh, this is another. Oh, this gets worse. Sorry, not this one. Let's try this guy. Let's see one with sales orders. It's odd number, something like this, huh? Ah, this. And this actually gets fun because, yeah, these are pulled off separate records.

Matthias Miller  40:13
So this is not as easy as I thought.

Speaker 4  40:18
So that Notes section is that pulled off of the the payments RG on the sales order,

Matthias Miller  40:23
pulled off the it's a sales order PLUS

Matthias Miller  40:33
credit memos, sales orders back this description, amounts for so assist, deposit, payments,

Speaker 1  40:50
structure. Can these be structured someday, rewriting them? I

Matthias Miller  40:55
don't know if it's worth rewriting them, but they could be. Yeah, I uh, yeah, it's, it's the billing, the sales order, billing name, payment date and payment method.

Matthias Miller  41:17
And so we do need to review. I mean, what I would be inclined to do is, I don't know what I would be inclined to do. Here's what I would be inclined to do. Here's the right thing to do, change accounting impact, change the deposit, to store this as a field, and it's just going to be frozen, and we have a process by which we update the field for anything that's not locked so it stays up to date. And it's a little janky, but, but then we have a rule that accounting impact can never reference other records, which is also going to be a problem for buildings, because buildings can reference the invoice date,

Matthias Miller  42:17
although realistically, The invoice date won't change. So maybe that's fine. I'm changing the invoice date would change,

Speaker 3  42:27
I don't know. Be fine with repurchase buildings. Or what happens if we have a building that's sold in 24 and then it's repossessed and we disconnected from the original sales order and put it back into inventory. Well, that that probably wouldn't work either, since it Well,

Matthias Miller  42:49
my understanding is that you'll create a derivative spin, so you'll have the original stin will change, be unmodified, and then you'll create a stint for the for the repurchase with the purchase price, and it will not be a manufactured building

Speaker 3  43:05
that's currently. That's not what we're doing currently. We're just we're disconnecting the we'll keep we're disconnecting the original skin from the original purchase order or sales order and put it back into inventory. So,

Matthias Miller  43:26
yeah, right. So currently, current functionality is going to be problematic. Am I misunderstanding where you're headed? Like, aren't we headed to secondary stints? I Well,

Speaker 3  43:40
that's on our list to look at. Again, like that, the handling of retrievals. I mean, if we do that then,

Matthias Miller  43:51
but yeah, that that is going to be a problem. Now, the way around that is doing what we did as well, which is storing the invoice date on the building record so that you, I don't know, this is just scary. I don't know. Give just do retrievals, right?

Speaker 3  44:16
Well, it seems like there's okay. If we just straight up do this locking thing, we're going to run into a lot of roadblocks. And I mean, what is the best path forward? Is it to just do it and then deal with the tail after that and figure out what we need to as things come up? Or should we spend some time and think for each scenario? Well,

Matthias Miller  44:39
the first, first, first things, first, first word out of Josh's mouth when I shot him a message was Yee haw so and he's putting it on his list of things to think about and worry about or think through and worry about. So I'm not comfortable pulling the trigger on let's free. Yes, I'm comfortable adding a warning, warning you're changing this for a closed or locked period. I am not comfortable at this point. I'm not comfortable moving forward until Josh has thought through the implications. I'm not, I'm not about to be God holding the bag on this.

Speaker 3  45:25
So what is so? What if we just for 24 we just for right now, we just, we close the period, we don't, and we look at locking, we figure out what we need on locking later on. I

Matthias Miller  45:39
think that's reasonable. And then, and then, would you want to just have an ad hoc process when these things show up, we troubleshoot why we're trying to update historical periods

Unknown Speaker  45:52
and, yeah, fix them. Could,

Speaker 2  45:56
could, could there just be a report emailed or something? I mean, I wouldn't have to email the report, but link or whatever, but a notification email that, hey, this past week, here were all the changes made that they got this lock period warning,

Matthias Miller  46:13
something like that. It's going to be a report. Of these are all the transactions that don't match 2024 please make a match. That's what the report's going to be. So and then, and then you have to decide, how do you want to do it? Do you want to change the vendor invoice or sales? Order to go back to the original, what it originally was, and create new payments? Are you going to update the transaction and it'll just keep flagging every week until, yeah, it breaks you down and you relent and weak tears and fix it.

Speaker 3  46:41
So, so you're saying closings, there's nothing that needs to be done with closing periods. That's should all be fine, the lot, well,

Matthias Miller  46:51
either way, I mean, the way it works now, you don't have to do anything. It's just the nightly process is going to break when people try to modify old stuff. And so we can give you a report that says what doesn't match up.

Speaker 3  47:07
So, so should we just for 24 that's all we're concerned about right now. Should we just close soon as we're done, we close 24 you create that report, we start reviewing that report, and then based off of that, we we build off the locking in sometimes,

Matthias Miller  47:23
yes, again, I, at a minimum, I would start by locking 2024 if you haven't done that

Speaker 2  47:33
yet. So Raven, yeah, we have done that okay for two and that's how we found our issues.

Matthias Miller  47:41
Yeah, but Right.

Unknown Speaker  47:44
Okay, so

Speaker 3  47:47
do you currently have a report that does that? I

Matthias Miller  47:50
am, I am 90% sure that somewhere in my IFR folder, it's just

Unknown Speaker  47:58
going to dig through that folder if you want to, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  48:01
good, good luck finding anything in that folder.

Matthias Miller  48:06
Hey, don't go. Don't go. Hey, organizational skills, the

Speaker 2  48:11
best thing about it is, if you can kind of figure out what time frame it was created, then you'll probably be pretty close. So

Speaker 4  48:17
as long as you're using logical naming conventions, we could just go search it.

Matthias Miller  48:23
Well, the function that I would expect to be used actually hang on

Speaker 2  48:36
the transaction error report. But I think that's only looking at other reasons

Matthias Miller  48:40
that, yeah, that's different. We need to build you a report. And it's, it's gonna be, it's gonna be slow, but we'll get it done.

Unknown Speaker  48:54
Oh, wait a minute, it should

Unknown Speaker  48:56
be easy. Matthias, you only have 186 reports in there.

Matthias Miller  49:01
Well, I'm looking for the account impact from trans macro, and, okay, you're using it one of yours, and I don't think that's the report that we're looking for,

Matthias Miller  49:16
but maybe it is county transaction impact. It is a comparison report, but this is going to be a big we're going to give you two reports. One is going to be all new records in the period that have not been pushed, and the other is going to be, I don't know, we'll think it through. What's the timeline on this?

Speaker 3  49:57
Well, what's the rent? What's going to happen? Like, if. We've now locked and closed 24

Matthias Miller  50:04
we're just pointing the ball down the field and drew. Instead of having three a week, Drew is going to have 30 in April. I mean, or whatever.

Speaker 3  50:16
I mean, how much work is there? Is it like a day, or is it much more than that? It's probably a day. I don't know. Well, I I'd say, let's just get it done as probably the sooner the better. So we

Speaker 2  50:36
and it doesn't stop everything else from updating properly. Does it like if it had, if it pushed it still, everything goes through, otherwise, everything

Matthias Miller  50:45
else goes through. I

Speaker 3  50:47
mean, what do you think to end of March? Mid March? Well, we are so no, but I

Speaker 2  50:55
have to do pretty soon for the mid March. Well, I would say, if it can happen in March for sure, that would be

Unknown Speaker  51:04
okay. I mean,

Speaker 2  51:06
really, if it could, if we could at least have the last week of March to look at it and try to work through some things, that would be nice. But I don't know,

Speaker 1  51:18
this is specifically the report that yeah, talking about, is that okay?

Unknown Speaker  51:27
Thing we need as soon as possible,

Matthias Miller  51:30
not if you but not if you just unlock, not if you just move your locking period back a month. I mean, are we basically saying we thought locking was a brilliant idea, but it's got a whole host of issues and so

Unknown Speaker  51:45
or mark, we

Unknown Speaker  51:50
could just lock as of, you know, November 31

Unknown Speaker  51:55
or something.

Matthias Miller  51:57
Oh, you need to reconcile for December.

Speaker 2  51:59
No, I'm reconciling March, but it's old, old transactions that that now finally hit the um,

Matthias Miller  52:07
let me, let's, let's take this up.

Unknown Speaker  52:12
I mean, that's done. Go ahead.

Speaker 2  52:14
We could just, we could just unlock it, complete the reconciling that we need to and lock it back up again.

Matthias Miller  52:21
Well, all you really have to do, I think, is unlock it, add the transaction to the reconcile, then lock it, and then when you close the period, you don't have to. You can close the period when you have log transactions included. It's just linking it to a closed transaction. That's or, sorry, linking a transaction log period to record to reconcile period, that's the issue. Yeah, yeah. I mean my hesitation with this is it sounds like a simple thing Seth, could we use limited editing mode? Maybe, maybe

Unknown Speaker  53:06
limited editing mode always gets me a little confused. I mean,

Matthias Miller  53:11
I, I think we actually definitely mess, let's, we'll put it on our list. And yeah, Ellis and Joel might veto this. We might have a, you know, half a day or less way to make it work, which probably is still superior to, which is superior to, unless you're working on a Saturday and, you know, nobody else is in the office making changes. I mean, it is a little nerve wracking to unlock for everybody.

Speaker 2  53:46
Now if it, if we unlock it and push an accounting update, it would update everything that has been that was being blocked, right?

Matthias Miller  53:58
That's correct. Okay, don't, don't leave it on overnight, or you're gonna be sad in the in the morning, yeah, which is another reason why. I mean, yeah, I just think if we can, especially when it comes to closed periods or, I mean, for historical periods that we want to eventually close,

Unknown Speaker  54:19
okay, um,

Matthias Miller  54:25
let's see if Joel jubi,

Matthias Miller  54:36
let me be available this afternoon to talk about reconciles for a lot periods. Okay, Seth, I talking to Ellis and maybe Joel at 330 central this afternoon. So. Let me see if we can talk about it. Then if they're available and if you're free, then you can hop on. We can talk about

Unknown Speaker  55:06
I think I should be, yeah. Okay,

Speaker 3  55:09
good. So reconcile transactions, the picks for that, you're going to talk to them today, and then those two reports for showing what's not pushing to accounting will be by end of March or so.

Matthias Miller  55:29
Yeah, that's right. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  55:38
Good. Anything else on locking or closing.

Speaker 2  55:44
Closing does not have any automatic transactions happening. Doesn't like closing transactions. Now, don't

Matthias Miller  55:53
we? The we need to have a closing transaction, otherwise you're otherwise your equity doesn't get updated, right? I

Speaker 2  56:04
mean, like, if, if there's not a transaction that's happening automatically, then we need to make it.

Matthias Miller  56:11
But we were, you doing the work on closing transactions?

Unknown Speaker  56:16
I did some, yes, I don't

Matthias Miller  56:20
It was ages ago. Okay, let's, let's add this and and talk about, talk about closing, creating closing transactions. Okay, we'll talk about that this afternoon. We'll get some your question

Speaker 3  56:36
is whether, when you close, does that just automatically? Yeah, does it move everything out of your income statement accounts? Or do you need to do that manually?

Speaker 2  56:46
Yeah, yeah, because all those should get zeroed and move.

Speaker 1  56:52
What I was doing was making sure closing transactions are not included in the main reports, right?

Speaker 2  57:00
Oh, and so if I, if we need to manually create those, we just need to market as a closing transaction, right? Yeah, well, so if we just, if we close and it didn't do it, which we could see on the income statement, then we just have to write them, if

Unknown Speaker  57:19
you want massive journal entry? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  57:27
I suspect we've got some kind of surely we've got some kind of way to do it automatically, but we'll see.

Speaker 3  57:37
Good, yeah, good. So for this talk about software development priorities. So just do a quick run through of these really size the importance to help us prioritize so handling retrievals, what I know you and John talked about that, what came out of that meeting I, you probably told me, I

Matthias Miller  58:02
so it's a little rusty, but fundamentally, what Josh is saying is that we are going to create secondary stints. So think, think something like, you know, st, 1234, r1, r2, r3, r4, r5, however, often you have to go, go. Pitch the thing back. And then the new stand will be a separate building record it will be treated. Will have some kind of way to say, this is a, this is a non manufactured building, and that will become the cogs. And there might be, and I don't know if there's a vendor invoice that's linked to it for the purchase of it, or,

Speaker 4  58:46
yeah, there would be, there would be a vendor invoice that'd be linked to it.

Matthias Miller  58:51
So maybe, and I don't know how are you guys doing something, like, was it greenhouses or something that you guys are selling to that's yeah, like this and, and so with the greenhouses, and I don't know how that process is going to work, but, I mean, are you guys assigning SKUs to greenhouses? Are you guys using these as other items on vendor invoices? How's that?

Unknown Speaker  59:16
I want to say we're handling them as miscellaneous, like the miscellaneous.

Matthias Miller  59:19
Yeah, so I kind of think what we'll end up doing in the miscellaneous but perhaps I don't know, is I don't like the

Unknown Speaker  59:31
I

Speaker 3  59:35
D you're putting skins on those, just like any other building, aren't you? Yeah, I think he

Speaker 4  59:39
was, I think he was referring to the vendor invoice side. Oh yeah,

Matthias Miller  59:42
the vendor invoice side. So there's some fuzziness, like, in some ways, I would rather force you to double enter the cost. But maybe that's maybe I'm being a little draconian there. What do you. Mean by double, enter the cost. You have your vendor invoice, and here's what you paid. And then when it when you go over to when you go over to create the building, maybe it automatically populates. But we don't necessarily try to keep them in lockstep. If you

Speaker 4  1:00:14
go to, I think we're, I think if I'm understanding, we're currently double entering the cost now,

Matthias Miller  1:00:21
right? Okay. I mean, it keeps it simple. In our end, there's a host of other issues that comes up

Speaker 4  1:00:32
to clarify it. So right now, we create a building record. We put retail price, manufacturer price, we actually enter in the FGI costs for that building. And then once it's built, we actually put the actual cost and freeze it, and then we're also doing a vendor invoice. Currently, there's no linking between those those two. It sounds like what you're saying is we're going to actually have a way to link them together. Now, well, I

Matthias Miller  1:00:58
don't know if there will be. We need to think through what if we will, and what that looks like. That's fundamentally it. I mean, it'll be simpler if we don't from a development standpoint. But I

Unknown Speaker  1:01:12
don't know if we haven't good we

Speaker 3  1:01:13
don't do a lot of, I mean, I don't know what we do with greenhouses, included, we, I would estimate we do 1512, to 15 per month. That's fair. So I mean, is this with, with this approach? The like, the secondary stink is that, are we still looking at one to three weeks programming, pair program, or is it?

Matthias Miller  1:01:48
It's all pretty made up. It's probably going to be less than it was, but I feel a little like

Matthias Miller  1:02:01
trying to answer prospect who showed up and says they want a building and now wants to know how much it costs. So, I mean, it's going to be more than a few grand and less than 100 I mean, but yeah, I mean, it's ish, you know, I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:18
somewhere between 1000 and 100,000

Matthias Miller  1:02:23
like, I don't think it's more than I don't I don't think it's more work than what it does. Some of the work is going to be a Josh's court, not ours. And I think, I think if we keep it simple, if we don't do linking, if we keep it simple, it could be as little as a day.

Speaker 3  1:02:39
Well, we should just keep it simple and then build on that. If we So, is that it would still be a Matthias Seth project primarily?

Matthias Miller  1:02:54
Yeah, I would vote that we pair program it so that for shared knowledge. But

Unknown Speaker  1:02:58
I mean, as far as Josh right?

Matthias Miller  1:03:02
It's half Josh, half us, okay? And

Speaker 4  1:03:05
the Josh side of things is what edit, editing the building records so that you can actually change the stin types.

Matthias Miller  1:03:12
It's creating secondary stems, yeah, primarily, and having searches, handling all the places where we look for stints. Does this need to match with the base sin or the full stint? I mean, it's all that fun stuff, I think.

Speaker 3  1:03:30
But you're saying, if we, if we don't link the vendor invoice, then it could be as little as a day for you and Seth, Yes,

Speaker 4  1:03:40
Mark, do you see any reason why we would need to link the vendor invoice?

Speaker 3  1:03:45
No. I mean, it just be a little easier. But I would, I would vote to we could just cross link them, like we're doing some things now, with memo links. Yeah, the memo links, and then later add on to that, if we think it's necessary. But I think starting out, I agree, good. That gives us an idea there, not just files. We've talked about this in the past. I can't remember.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:14
Is this like a week?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:18
I just pull out notes from what I had that

Unknown Speaker  1:04:27
that's the ability to

Speaker 3  1:04:31
to pay yeah by Ach, where you have a notch, and you upload that into the bank portal and

Unknown Speaker  1:04:43
the other part

Speaker 3  1:04:46
don't currently, we already have a way of sending an email notification to when we pay by Ach, don't we?

Speaker 2  1:04:57
We have a way. Yeah. I mean any payment method, I can go in and if you have an email address, I can send them out.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:05
Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:05:07
I'm gonna, I'm gonna get myself completely in trouble. But if we loop Seth me and chat GPT in together, we could probably knock something out pretty fast, or grok. In this case,

Speaker 4  1:05:20
it depends on which mode you use in grok. If you're going to use on hinge mode, you might it'll take you two days because you're gonna be laughing so hard.

Matthias Miller  1:05:26
Well, fair enough. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:31
so what is that I know nothing about what? What do you call it?

Matthias Miller  1:05:34
Rock grok? G, R, okay. Grok is, is Elon Musk's, uh, shot at that chat. GBT, some people say it's better it I don't know. There's also Claude, which has made substantial strides in the last it can write 5000 word essays now, from what I've heard,

Speaker 4  1:06:03
Yeah, unfortunately, with Claude, it needs to have access to the internet, and it doesn't yet, and I really wish it did, but anything coming out of anthropic seems to, I don't know. It seems a bit more I don't know what's the word I'm looking for. I don't know. I like Claude. It's, it's been good. It's just, I wish it had access to the internet. It's better at writing. Yeah, absolutely better at writing.

Speaker 3  1:06:28
So, I mean, you're saying a couple days on that, or maybe even, I

Matthias Miller  1:06:32
think we could probably knock something out. Seth structures would be actually, I don't know if we need structures. I think it's simple enough we don't.

Speaker 1  1:06:43
I'm just ready structures. Basically, I don't think they're quite ready yet, though.

Matthias Miller  1:06:47
No, I was playing around with them. And

Unknown Speaker  1:06:50
what is the structure you're talking about? Is that?

Speaker 1  1:06:56
So? Okay, yeah, I was just gonna say it's something that makes programmers very happy that we finally have in our language are coming so.

Matthias Miller  1:07:04
So the way it basically works now is that you have different types of values. You have strings which is text, you have numbers turning merit. You have booleans which are true or false. You have lists which are tied to a list. You have dates. And is there anything else? I think that's it, basically, and then. And so now we have a new type, which is called an array, which is multiple items of these. So previously, when we wanted to have like five, five items, we would turn them all into strings, and then we'd have item one and a pipe, item and then item two and a pipe, and item three in a pipe, and item for whatever. And then we have functions that split it at pipes and all this other kinds of stuff. But it all be one string with arrays. You actually have an object that has little buckets and each one, and so each they all have to be the same type, but you have an array of strings, which you have a String, String, String, String, String, or number, number, number, number, and then, and so that's an array, and then the the other one is a called a structure or a struct, which is you have named variable, named values that tie together. So you might have a a car with a make model at a year make and model being I mean, you could have make be a list and model be a string and year be a number, and that's packaged together. And then now you can write macros where the macro says, I need a car, and it always knows that it's going to have make, model and year in it. And so it's just a way to package. So in the counting impact, where this would have been nice is if we would have had a struct for each line item, effectively each each so we do accounting impact, we go to a record and we build out this massive list of of line items effectively, and then we we join them based on date, transaction type and underlying transaction number. So this is for a building invoice and for this building number, record ID. And so with that, what we could do is have a struct so that everywhere where you want to create an accounting impact line item, it always has everything in it, and there's no, I don't know then, then you can look at the line item and Say, Dear line item, I want your transaction date. I want your amount. I want to know if you're a debit or a credit. And whereas otherwise, what we have is a whole ton of macros, a macro to build a massive, massive string that has all the information. And then when you say, I. Want to know the date. It says, oh, that's item three, and we got to turn that back to a date, then we got to hand it back, and here's your date. So we kind of do it with macros, just to make it manageable. But this is built into the platform itself, and it's practically magical, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:10:17
So what are the the changes we would see on the user side, like faster reports, or are there,

Matthias Miller  1:10:28
you don't get changes.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:30
This is just more efficient coding. Is what it sounds like. It's

Speaker 1  1:10:33
more well, it's more efficient, more accurate coding, basically more accurate, more maintainable as well, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:39
So it's cheaper development. Is that, right?

Matthias Miller  1:10:41
Yeah, we're driving costs down, like you should see a 1% See, I mean, maybe we'll be able to beat inflation this year. I don't know.

Speaker 3  1:10:58
Good, so I think the rest of this. So improving reports, we just threw some stuff on here. Well, no, we didn't just throw it on here. But, I mean, here's some some things that. So currently there's a ton of user reports. Oh, I'll just like, so can you provide reporting show usage reports, both standard and user so we can understand what report should be the most used. I think the real question I have is, I've heard both Matthias And Josh grown about all the user reports we're using, and why? Why? Like, I know there's downsides, or my understanding is that they're not supported. Every time an update is made, they're not supported. So the potential exists that a user report that we're using today and very happy with and proud of, and it does everything we want, may suddenly start giving us incorrect information who may not know it like it may, and I don't know buildings where we may be using it to invoice or using it as an ER report, and suddenly it only shows it's it's excluding certain things because of updates to the platform. Is that the downside to them, or is there are there other

Matthias Miller  1:12:24
so that's, that's one downside. There are certain types, as I recall, there are, I don't know that it's true. I mean, it just makes it again, maintainability, they're more likely to break, I think, from my standpoint,

Speaker 1  1:12:39
okay, there's also another report that I'm working on as well, which I was just a standard report that will show an overview of all the reports I set it to run, to show all like all reports that were run for this year so far.

Matthias Miller  1:12:58
So so one of my biggest concerns is all of these guys, which probably should be standardized.

Speaker 1  1:13:08
You could also, we could also filter by a number of times run

Matthias Miller  1:13:13
well, but some of these might be, yeah, I mean, I don't, I don't know. But some of them might be year end did not run that often.

Matthias Miller  1:13:33
But then we also have a way to this. This would be another place I would check I

Matthias Miller  1:13:43
this would be, let's do this. It

Unknown Speaker  1:13:50
has dedicated

Matthias Miller  1:14:03
so these are also ones that I'm a little worried about, because these are, here are some of the favorites, if our favorites, and so I'm not saying they're all actively used, but likely are ones that should, should be standardized, just,

Speaker 3  1:14:30
yeah. So, I mean, my question is, if you were in our shoes long term, well, what, what would you do with this. I mean, we could, we could lump in,

Speaker 3  1:14:49
like, there's also a lot of lists, there's, there's also standard reports that reference you. Uh, lists that are, you know that should be cleaned up, like people have just learned to work with some of them. But you get, you get options that you know are not applicable. And you, instead of the 50 options or 20 or 10 options that really need to get 350 like GL accounts and

Speaker 5  1:15:25
payment types, yeah, or and

Speaker 3  1:15:30
a lot of it is cross company. There's a lot of areas where you selected your companies. So it should only show you things pertaining to that company. It'll show you like vendors would be an area where we have that a lot

Unknown Speaker  1:15:46
contact. So I'm asking a lot of questions in one but I guess, what would you What's your recommendation on how we could

Speaker 3  1:16:02
i i put it down to 25 years standard reports. And

Matthias Miller  1:16:09
so here's, here's how I would think about it. There are some reports that, if you I mean, I think fundamentally, no here, let me, let me. I as here, let me sorry, hang on, for example. Well, okay, the last modified doesn't even work because apparently these were all primarily, actually, maybe it kind of does. These were modified, probably modified by a by a system update. Um, here's how we fundamentally think about it. Number one, um, is it something that changes every six to 12 months or does it doesn't change more than once or twice a year. And and can we reasonably wait a few weeks for a tweak if we need a tweak? If so, it's a candidate for report and it can go on the menu. And is it something that's part of a daily workflow or frequent workflow? If it's something that gets changed a lot J and or it's, it's, it's a variable process needs constant changing, needs a lot of tweaks you guys want to control central to workflow, whatever high stakes, then fine, keep it as a user report, but, but I would, I would like, I guess I would think about it in three tiers. One. These are really pretty stable ongoing reports that we just we know what we need. They might as they get used, they might as well go on the menu. We don't need to make ongoing changes to it like, and I think just from a maintainability standpoint, moving as much of that stuff into standard reports is probably good. Then there's the next level, which is, it's in the shared folder, it's organized, it's but we need to be able to update it, modify it. It's not just floating it out in a bazillion different places, but it is core and central to workflow, and that's where I would use user reports, in the shared folder and then and then in the User folder. User folder, I would consider it basically like, I don't know, Dwayne has this one off report where he wants to go see which which of his employees are clicking this button the most times, and he has a performance benefit for clicking it more than 100 times, and, and, but Duane see, yeah, Dwayne's the only one who uses that and where I have an issue right now with standard reports is we have shared reports. Okay, the number one thing I've been complaining about for about a year has been, I have this miscellaneous, badly named reports in the iafr folder that we created because we had a gun to our heads, and you can't look at the name and understand what it does. It's not on the menu. Multiple people use it. It's actually pretty critical to business processes and year end processes. But it's not standard.

Speaker 2  1:19:33
Everybody knows what it is by the name. Everyone has shortcuts.

Matthias Miller  1:19:38
It's their favorites. And it's like, Oh, which one? Click, click, click, oh, it's not that one like, yeah, at an absolute minimum, we should put those out of their misery, move them into the shared folder and name them appropriately,

Speaker 4  1:19:50
yeah, then you're gonna, you're gonna break everybody's favorites. Then, no,

Matthias Miller  1:19:53
no, moves. Moves work, I mean, but maybe people's favorites deserve to be broken too. That's another conversation. So, so at a minimum, can we please stop using my IFR folder and and and start moving those to shared, but more realistically for some of those things, I think having taking some of those standard and having them as in a year end reporting section in the accounting would be awesome, like, that's where you expect to go, find them. You know where they are now, and anybody can find them. So that's, that's my little

Speaker 2  1:20:36
is, is there a way on that report to know if there's been a modified version to some like, because I'm pretty sure I have stuff in my favorites that's like version one, and there's been, I might also have version three and four in my favorites. That's,

Matthias Miller  1:20:53
that's why we don't do these things like we have here. We can, we can sort the Oops, that's not what I wanted. Oh, like, here's one that's been renamed. Oh, never mind that was me renaming it. I was looking at the time, and I put oh nine in there. I don't know

Speaker 1  1:21:13
what I was looking at, telling him, time travel is not supported

Matthias Miller  1:21:21
FGI calculations by Yeah, like, here's one, yeah, yeah. These guys, those are duplicated. And plus you have, you have one that prompts and one that doesn't prompt. And then you have old ones for Indiana and Ohio

Matthias Miller  1:21:41
Configure. Here's some archived ones that you can't open anymore. You could probably take off your favorites.

Speaker 2  1:21:47
So probably what I should do is throw all of my favorites away and then go to what Mark has and pull those in. Well, you know, this is actually probably what, because anymore I have to go to the more to get what I'm actually using the bottom.

Matthias Miller  1:22:02
But why would we basically take Mark's list here and standardize all of these reports?

Speaker 3  1:22:11
Well, okay, like look at the last one there that that finished goods inventory, I think, like that one is a prime, I think. And this was the intent, too. When Seth was over the last few weeks creating some of these reports for your aunt, was like, Okay, let's do them as user reports for right now, tweak them, get them to where we're happy with them, and then change them into user reports. And I think we could, what is the end goal? I think the end goal is to move is, is to move everything that we that makes sense into the number one care, and make so that from so that any user with a basic understanding of assist can find the reports they need. And there's not, I mean, I'm sure there's. It's just the nature of, well, we don't need to talk about all the psychology and how we got to where we add. I mean, what's the best way to

Matthias Miller  1:23:13
so? So the best way, I think, would be if, if we believe in Mark's list, it's, let's go. Let's go through one by one and look at, look at the report. Does this? Are we happy with it? And then, if we are, then where do we think it should go on the menu and have and just go do that for all of these. And if there's any in Drew's list that are year end related, maybe we should. We should do the same thing. And we could, I mean, these are favorite lists, we could cross reference, especially with this one, where let's see if we can. So we could do IFR, and we could say here, let's do this and then, sort by number of times run so we know at a minimum,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:10
like, I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:24:16
I mean, probably, Well, I don't know where I mean, probably these are the ones that we should also take a look at.

Speaker 2  1:24:28
Probably some of those runs were to find out that it's not the one I want.

Matthias Miller  1:24:32
That's probably true. Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:24:37
So turning these into So, so doing this is how much work is it, then, to turn them into standard reports? Like, is most of the work just calming through these and saying, Does it

Matthias Miller  1:24:49
we have an intern who's dying for things to do. Seth would be dying to hand it off to him. I mean, it's click a button to send it to us. It's open, open them all up, click a button to send each one to us, pull them up, copy, paste some files around, add a add a line to to put it in the menu and run a test. And you know, maybe it is half a day of intern time or a day of intern time, but intern wages, not death wages and the biggest, yeah, that's

Speaker 3  1:25:29
so it sounds like probably Dwayne Drew and I should get our heads together on what we want to standardize. Send you the list, and then you take it from there.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:44
Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 2  1:25:48
And then I guess, as we're going through there, if there's anything where we want the filters sorted, or, I mean, the Ask prompts filter, that's what I mean. Awesome. Yeah, that would be the time to do all those things.

Matthias Miller  1:26:00
Yeah, I would. What I would do is, is make a list of ones that are ready to go, ready to send over, make it ones that we have changes. And then we can make the changes in the User report and make sure you're happy with them. And then, I mean, that's Yeah, I

Speaker 1  1:26:18
think Drew was also saying, if we want to have defaults off the menu. Like, do you want to have default ask prompt values? Is that you were saying or

Speaker 2  1:26:27
no, no? Like, there's some like, Okay, so the Ask prompts for, yeah, well, this is a standard report, the one where I use to see what items need paid, what items are ready for being paid. Like, there's, there's mass prompt for which payment method, and I have to select payment method depending what I'm doing, but there's payment methods on there that aren't even active, and I can select a company, but there's payment methods from all the companies available in that drop, so it's just things like that.

Matthias Miller  1:27:01
Yeah, that makes sense, yeah, if we would filter by company and by active ones, by company which, and then little things like that, I mean, and I don't know how much I think those are perfect things for your paper cut list. I mean, it really is obnoxious. It would make your life easier. Is it strategic? Is it going to dramatically move the needle? No. Is it going to make you happier? Yes. So, like, consider 20 percentage.

Speaker 3  1:27:30
And I think the other thing that the other big one, is there's a lot of BL accounts that you shouldn't be able to select on a purchase order or vendor invoice. Like, thoughts on, like, how would you manage that? Like, the depreciation, because going through right now, like, there's you could spend probably four weeks, if you want, to just calm through everything and say, Are these? Are these journal items? Are these? Do we select the correct GL account in every in every place? And like, you know, by mistake, we've selected things like a depreciation account or nothing but automatics or journal items should ever go there? And it's just like making so that I don't know, is that one,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:22
hooking it from the account,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:26
like I can go the

Unknown Speaker  1:28:29
IMS side, disconnecting that,

Matthias Miller  1:28:33
yeah, or just deactivate. I mean, when do you actually want to enter? When do you want vendor invoices to be tied out to depreciation. Now, is this a matter of cleaning up your your IMS, GL, accounts? Yeah, but

Speaker 3  1:28:47
okay, that's another thing I had on the list here. Is on the chart of accounts. Is there some way that we can, like AP is looking at the lower list, and most places in accounting, we're looking at the like. The other thing is there a way that we could merge those two together, or go to just like the top list

Matthias Miller  1:29:14
and completely ignore the bottom? Do you ever need

Speaker 3  1:29:21
tied to the skews the bot. Yeah, the bot is tied to this

Speaker 2  1:29:24
is not company specific, right? Like this is the same account for everybody. And then if, if the vendor invoice is connected to shed time, then it hooks to the shed time account above, otherwise it would hook to the affordable longer. But that's the same for all of that's where the issue is.

Matthias Miller  1:29:46
Wait. You might have to share your screen. I'm we're gonna have to pick it up. I don't care which

Speaker 3  1:29:54
are you guys good to we're at 11 to keep going. Yeah, I got some time. I.

Matthias Miller  1:30:06
Companies,

Matthias Miller  1:30:13
ABC, okay, can you explain to me the top and bottom thing I'm not following, so Rob

Speaker 3  1:30:23
up to the easiest just go to a purchase order like a Sherwin Williams purchase order for shed time. All right,

Matthias Miller  1:30:30
here, let's go share my screen

Matthias Miller  1:30:38
purchase orders. Let me make this smaller for you guys, and,

Speaker 3  1:30:48
sure, something else I, well, I think this might be a Josh thing, but, but this vendors thing is a mess, not a mess, but it's something that,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:57
no, it's a mess.

Matthias Miller  1:31:00
Well, actually, is that Josh thing? Go

Speaker 3  1:31:03
back to this, go back to this drop down, like we're so. So you selected shed time. Now we should only see the shed time vendors. Instead, we're seeing everyone. So you get to pick from about 45 Sherwin Williams blockage.

Speaker 2  1:31:20
And you need to know which cities are where, so that you get the right like, Okay, I think this city is in North Carolina. It's probably the one I'm looking

Speaker 3  1:31:26
for. And I think as we start to clean up things here, we'll also find a number of areas where Matthias or Josh or Steph are going to say, Well, yeah, you're not using it properly. I don't, I don't know if there's what I

Matthias Miller  1:31:43
mean, but vendor is very simple. Go translate district to accounting company and go filter this down by by ones that are. I mean, exclude ones that are tied to a different accounting company. I mean, so you might have vendors that are, I don't know. Vendor always requires. I

Unknown Speaker  1:32:04
is forces to be attached to a company. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:32:07
well, then, I mean, then that's simple, just if you select the ship to location filtered on the vendor list, I mean, put it in your paper cut list, and we'll fix it. Okay.

Speaker 3  1:32:14
Well, there's going to be lots of things like that that we just, just lived with. We've had more important things to to focus on this. But, I

Matthias Miller  1:32:23
mean, figure out what your luxury smile time is. And, I mean, it's like the 20% idea. Why? What am I? What am I missing?

Speaker 3  1:32:36
Yeah, to just bring up one of those purchase orders. Now, on the purchase order. If you go to the, I think if you go to the right, there's a

Unknown Speaker  1:32:47
no, what is the vendor? Oh, I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:32:49
let's go to an open one or not. It is the vendor

Speaker 3  1:32:56
invoice? Oh, probably one that's already linked to a vendor. Advice. So here again, there yeah, there you'll see the like, the current assets thing that comes over from the SKU which is, this is the SKUs and these associated GL accounts are not company specific. Those are system wide. But now, if you go to the accounting,

Matthias Miller  1:33:24
okay, so now, if I go to the, sorry, you said the accounting transaction, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:33:29
and then, then you'll see the now, now you have see, so these account names are now account name. I mean, we'll use the exact same thing for the other companies, except the st, it'll be ABC. So

Speaker 2  1:33:46
would it be some, I mean, maybe a programming change is the thing. But would it be something like just adding our number to the front of the string name for those like we just added our number,

Speaker 3  1:34:01
like you're saying we'd have current assets, 10,

Speaker 2  1:34:04
maybe, like, 10, five, dash, whatever it is, or dot, like the 1005, 105, or whatever, which, oh, we just add the number to those accounts. I mean, we'd have to leave the st off because we don't have we're not coming up to specific, so that part would have to be different. And maybe we could just shorten that string up too. Like I'm wondering, is it a matter of just changing our names here on this,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:39
on the SKUs, on the skews, yeah. I mean, it could be, I think,

Matthias Miller  1:34:48
and then down here you've got the

Speaker 2  1:34:52
it's the same thing. It's okay, it's the same, same list. All the records use those, and all accounting transactions use the. Other, right, except for deposit records, those use accounting transaction accounts didn't,

Matthias Miller  1:35:07
I mean, we had back in our backlog somewhere, we had a we were going to migrate these over to use accounting transactions for accounting, financial Chart of Accounts. I don't know. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:32
that's essentially what you're saying, right?

Speaker 3  1:35:34
Yeah. So, so how would that have worked? Would we have replaced these, this string that we're looking at here with

Unknown Speaker  1:35:42
the numbers this one.

Speaker 3  1:35:48
But so how would that work? I mean, that's that's essentially what we want, because then, then the communication is, because the information is being communicated to Dwayne's office, sometimes with this string of words and sometimes with numbers.

Matthias Miller  1:36:06
So the biggest issue is going to be

Unknown Speaker  1:36:15
this guy.

Matthias Miller  1:36:21
How do we want to handle all of these historical maybe it's not that many,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:30
but

Matthias Miller  1:36:39
how do we want to handle historical ones that don't map out to the chart of accounts. That's the real question.

Speaker 3  1:36:46
And how do they what's the impact on these? I see these are really

Matthias Miller  1:36:50
old. These wouldn't have an Well, most of them wouldn't. I don't know about this one. I'm guessing that none of these I would expect has an impact.

Speaker 3  1:37:05
Yeah, so if they're, if they're all pre 24 Can we just, do we still need to map them? Or can we just ignore that?

Matthias Miller  1:37:13
Well, do you want to, if do you want to do anything? We can move it over to notes that's that would be my proposal require, require account to be specified for everything on or after a specific date.

Matthias Miller  1:37:35
And so everything from January, or whatever it was, January 120, 24 or something, and then, and then we would replace, we would if, if we mapped to new account, we would, we would switch it to a new to the new account here, if it doesn't map, this would blank out, and it would Go into the notes what it used to be. I Good,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:03
so as long as it's an old one,

Matthias Miller  1:38:06
right? Well, I mean, we would before we take this live, and I don't think I wouldn't, I wouldn't expect to have issues. I mean, if we do the unmap Since 2120

Unknown Speaker  1:38:16
24 is,

Matthias Miller  1:38:19
I mean, I don't expect anything. Well, that's not, not you.

Speaker 2  1:38:22
I mean, it needed, it needs fixed, if there is. So here's one. Oh, that's a recent one. Yeah, that's a brand new one that I need to fix

Matthias Miller  1:38:34
vital structures. So, I mean, the main thing is, before we do the update, we want to make sure that. Well, I mean, yeah, we want to make sure that gets cleaned up before that. But, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:47
so this would be pretty

Speaker 3  1:38:50
straightforward. I mean, we would still what we still continue to use the on the skews use what we're doing now, but it would just map across.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:00
Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:39:03
that's a great question. Excuse we use what we have now,

Speaker 3  1:39:12
or would we change all the SKUs to use the new accounts? I

Matthias Miller  1:39:24
Well, if we wanted to use the new

Speaker 3  1:39:29
when there's, yeah, the GL account there, there's no reason. I mean, if, from a practical working standpoint whatever, there's no reason why we couldn't, why we can't change those to the new accounts. And

Matthias Miller  1:39:44
you would basically have a we'd have an RG of accounts, one per accounting company,

Speaker 3  1:39:54
and that would be okay, the and the RG would be. What like the numeric ones and how they map to the others?

Matthias Miller  1:40:08
Well, it would be, I mean, it would be this one they would link to each

Unknown Speaker  1:40:18
Yeah, again.

Matthias Miller  1:40:24
Okay, well, I mean, basically you need to know that this skew is available in these accounting companies. And I mean, maybe we would, I you. Maybe we would give you a drop list to select any account that is shared across all three accounting companies or something like that. But then, under the hood, we want to link it out directly to this account for shed time, This account for ABC, this account for vinyl structures. I

Unknown Speaker  1:41:23
Here, here's, let's see if I could do this.

Matthias Miller  1:41:29
Well, I mean, here, just because I can, the we have, we have a we have the skew which ties to a GL account, which ties to, well, I mean, it's, it's like this, and then you have the ABC.

Matthias Miller  1:42:00
Yes, you can use once my computer, okay, so,

Matthias Miller  1:42:18
VS, okay. So, this is how it is now. So you have a skew that links to GL, these account to the GL, and that's how we map it out. And what I'm proposing we do otherwise instead is that that the SKU maps to

Matthias Miller  1:42:42
like that. And if we need to, then we can give you a little drop list that lets you select the 10 oh 5.105, option to make it easy, but under the hood, we want to map it out to

Unknown Speaker  1:42:59
based on which company it is.

Matthias Miller  1:43:02
But then potentially, maybe we just want to keep the GL accounts around, I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:43:13
or if your account numbers are stable, we can't also just store the account number on the SKU.

Speaker 5  1:43:20
We want to learn was, they? Well, we haven't changed them.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:26
Yeah, we plan to change them. We we

Speaker 3  1:43:29
plan to change some, but that would be updating them across all three companies, like, just so they're ordered.

Matthias Miller  1:43:37
So, I mean, the the advantage of doing this is that now, I mean, everything's linked. I mean, I don't know. I What's the what's wrong with keeping the GL account in the middle for mapping

Speaker 2  1:43:59
that it does allow, and maybe this would happen anyway, is it allows us to exclude accounts from them, being able to even select them, you know, because we can have which and maybe we can do this anyhow, but we can have, like the depreciation accounts, with No GL account to connect to it, and so therefore it's not even there for them to select. What

Matthias Miller  1:44:25
we need to do there is we need to have a setting on the on the account that we populate in migration that says, can you use this in can you use this as another expense? Basically.

Speaker 4  1:44:40
Well, the other, the other thing that it would be really, really nice to have is common language, because right now, I maintain a user report for AP department to understand, because there's times when when people communicate in numbered accounts, and then there's times when people communicated in named accounts, and that's not always. Clear what's how that maps across, especially for the AP people. And so if we could go to a standardized naming across everything that uses GL accounts, it just would make life a little bit easier from an understanding standpoint. And

Speaker 3  1:45:16
that's what we're after here. Yeah, that's that's exactly what we're after. Well, Matthias, why don't you? Why don't you just put this on an incident, on the software development to do list, and

Speaker 5  1:45:33
we'll go from there. Yep, we'll do that good.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:39
So we've got sales order upload, recurring transactions. Well, Drew go ahead on your sales order upload you so

Speaker 2  1:45:53
the sales order upload is, I'm creating sales orders to bring the Self Storage whatever happens in the Self Storage software over into this so that it all combines in with the not sales numbers and sales tax numbers and all of that kind of stuff on those. So we have one report with all that in and so I'm spending a lot of time each month creating the exact same thing. So I'm thinking I could have a Excel file that has all the basic information. I just changed my numbers for the month. I hit Upload, and it creates the sales orders, and then I go in and apply payments to them, just to save time. Another way to do it would be to just create recurring sales orders, just like we do recurring vendor invoices, that it would create one each month, and then I would just edit the numbers for it, or maybe recreate it with no numbers. I don't know. I'm just trying to think of ways to it's just I'm doing the same thing every time, and it takes considerable amount of time. And so is there some something quick we can do that. Can reduce that?

Matthias Miller  1:47:05
Can you share your screen with a spreadsheet?

Unknown Speaker  1:47:10
Okay, I mean, it would just have all

Speaker 3  1:47:12
the fields. But do you you could share a sales order like you're creating now? Yeah, yeah. I think that might be helpful.

Speaker 2  1:47:21
Um, if you just go to Sales Orders and look up clients for the name, just type in clients. It should pull up something. So yeah, like that one, right there? Any of those?

Matthias Miller  1:47:34
Okay, so you're doing a dealer invoice, date

Speaker 2  1:47:43
I'd have to be able to plug the the invoice date in to it, because I'm always after the fact, like, I mean, I remember invoicing into back into, yeah, items. There's always two of them each month for each location. Taxable. Non taxable is the difference.

Speaker 3  1:48:09
So there's taxable income is coming off of the Self Storage software, yeah. And then if you look at the payments, you'll see that that's being broken apart.

Speaker 2  1:48:20
We we looked at trying to include the payments and all of that kind of stuff, the payments, deposits and stuff, in that thing. And that's just, it just really gets complicated, but if the invoice could at least be there, it's not that hard to go put those payments on. And again, it's just a lot of data entry. It's really, it's, it's not, it's just time doing data entry.

Matthias Miller  1:48:47
But you're only looking at eight. Is it literally just eight a month? Um,

Unknown Speaker  1:48:52
it is, but it's, it's

Unknown Speaker  1:48:56
going to grow, it's going to grow.

Matthias Miller  1:48:59
But don't we? Don't we? I mean, sorry excuse my very simplistic, lazy mind, but don't we have a team of people in Dwayne's office who get kicks and giggles from data entry.

Speaker 3  1:49:16
There's a team of people I don't know if they get I think they get kicks and giggles at least based on the output they produce.

Speaker 2  1:49:26
So maybe a spreadsheet that we can just send to them. I don't

Matthias Miller  1:49:29
know what you're we haven't, hey, go ahead. We haven't

Unknown Speaker  1:49:32
figured out who does the kicking and who does the giggling. Yet

Matthias Miller  1:49:36
it's generally that's funny. I was gonna suggest maybe Leanne does the kicking and you do the giggling. But anyway, maybe I'm thinking way too simplistically, but this could just be an AR process that gets it's very straightforward, like, follow these steps and don't screw it up, and versus trying. Maintain an import, making sure the columns match. And I don't know, but am I think, to me, eight of these, an hour of of some kind of person's time probably gets an hour, maybe two. But am I thinking about this wrong? Are

Speaker 2  1:50:22
there any other uses we would use it for if we had it?

Speaker 3  1:50:26
I mean, the recurring sales order thing, there's one edge case where we collect rent that we would create a recurring sales order every month so that we know to collect the payment. But I don't think so. I mean, I was, I was thinking the same thing when we, as we started talking about this. And the thing that gets me really excited about it is Dwayne, this was after you jumped off the call with Josh yesterday morning. I was asking him about a way to manage periodic tasks. And he was, he started talking about what, what you guys are using on the investor tools site, and it's something that we want to pursue for, like all of these end of month processes to where it's, my understanding is it's, it's a, it's a project management software for periodic tasks that could be brought live and assisted. I think that would fit this bill, like there's the reason we're not delegating some of these projects to Dwayne's office is twofold. One is we haven't gotten to that point yet. We haven't gotten the time to I mean, the other is we, I feel like we lack a consistent we lack a good platform to do so. And if something like this could be spelled out, and you know, here's the steps that we need to take, you know, and this always do this on the second day of the month for the previous month, and then check off when you're done and attach your documentation. That's kind of the like, not just for Dwayne's office, but also for Drew and myself and Whitney it. I think if it works the way I expected to, I think we're going to make a big push in that direction. And this would, I think this would fit right in with that. So no, I think good point with us. So,

Speaker 3  1:52:34
recurring, trends, actions, okay, what was the use case for that?

Speaker 2  1:52:40
That was like, oh, investment, applying interest, just the some of the monthly things where we create transactions.

Speaker 3  1:52:58
Do we have any examples? I know there's some, I

Speaker 2  1:53:01
mean, the investor, the investor interest quarterly, would be one, you know, where it says, I mean, that's getting it to actually figure it out, if you have those changing amounts. But there were some more and more development. But like, like, there's some stuff, actually, I have an upload where, where I upload transactions from the CSB bank statement, that it's just, it's automatic transactions. They probably should be getting documentation and becoming vendor invoices, and, you know, becoming all of that. But for the current, you know, there's like, bank fees, you know, they're just bank fees that happen every month. The amount changes sometimes, but they're just going in as transactions, you know. So those auto recurring things we could know there again, those probably should be invoices. Instead, I think

Speaker 3  1:53:59
we should get on that, find some actual examples and make sure that we actually,

Speaker 2  1:54:04
I would say it's use is more things like, you know, calculating that interest or entering those interest transactions right. Equity moves like, where we're where we're doing draws, and you know, a lot of it is going to have changing amounts, that's the thing.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:27
So with

Matthias Miller  1:54:30
interest, I can make a compelling argument that we could just, well, I think maybe tie it all together. But the other thing I will mention is, as we evaluate this, and I don't want to be, I don't want to keep us from, I mean, interest still feels like one of those things where it's like, yeah, but the people might change percentage I like, I mean, I don't know, like, I think if we had a, if we had a system by which we could delegate recurring tasks to.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:01
Um, downstream, like,

Speaker 3  1:55:03
Yeah, I think, I mean, that's what my hope is, with what Josh described, and what we're hoping to to pursue, okay, all right,

Speaker 2  1:55:14
um, I think that's part of the thing of, well, just like you said at the beginning, figuring out how this actually works, and actually have a process that we're doing, and then say, Okay, this particular process is worth doing development for automated.

Speaker 3  1:55:27
So the last two time cart import, you want to look at possibly doing, seeing what it would take to do a time cart import on hours for affordable they've they've now started. So what's happening right now? I or they've now started compiling that in an Excel sheet. And, you know, rather than sending it to Wayne's office and they keying it all in double entering, what would it take to just create a or to do an import to bring all those in, is that it, this might be one, I mean, it's a weekly thing, I think it, you know, for 20 some people.

Matthias Miller  1:56:11
So you said, this is, this is on the payroll side, or, sorry,

Speaker 3  1:56:14
it's on the payroll side. So it would be like, you know, John Doe worked these hours on this day, and he had paid vacation here, whatever's manually being entered into the time cards. I want to get a feel for the size. Is it worth it, or is it not what? Because now is, is they're sending it to Blaine's office. They're entering it. They're sending back what they've entered and double checking it. You know, there's, most of the time it's, it's all correct. But anytime you have manual entry and Miller, you know, you just increase right?

Matthias Miller  1:56:53
So what I would, where I would start, is, okay, currently these are entered on. Is this still the case physical time carts or

Speaker 3  1:57:06
affordable? It's not. They've gone to having employees just on a entering direct on an Excel spreadsheet.

Matthias Miller  1:57:13
Got it all right. Um, and is this only for affordable, or is this for the other

Unknown Speaker  1:57:18
companies too? Yeah, okay. Oh yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:57:22
I mean, I probably would feel a little bit different about Okay, wait, we and we can't use Josh's fancy push Excel sync, Excel with with assist tool to let people edit

Speaker 3  1:57:40
that's only around skews. I think I was thinking more like the payroll import, right? That, or the transactions import that we're using for payroll after Whitney buzzer thing that we're doing, yeah, I

Matthias Miller  1:57:53
think, I mean, I think that sounds that's reasonable to me. I think it's a matter, and especially in this case, what I would do. And the nice thing about it is we can format the Excel file however we want to, and we just format it to be imported nicely. Basically, what we need is we need what would be ideal,

Unknown Speaker  1:58:20
would be good.

Speaker 3  1:58:21
Can we do this? Could could Seth, or you look at the manual imports, or the manual entries we're doing on a week, weekly basis, and based off of that, create an Excel sheet and say, If you fill in these fields, we can make some imports. I hmm, yeah, I think it sounds reasonable. Yes, is that? Is that a small paper cut project, which is yes, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:58:52
I, I would actually, if you, if you want to send, send what you have right now over to Seth, that would short circuit the process, probably even more, what we have now, as far as current Excel sheet that you're using,

Speaker 3  1:59:06
well, okay, but what we're doing is we have have this in Excel. We're just printing it off, and then it's being sent it Wayne's office. It's not even, yeah, sure, I'll send, I think we are sending an Excel sheet. I'll send that

Matthias Miller  1:59:21
to or even a PDF of it. I mean, it doesn't once again, it's another piece of information that will just make it easier for Seth, and

Speaker 3  1:59:28
then the last, the last one payroll report for Whitney. I'm sure this is really, really basic. I think this is just, we figure out what Whitney needs, get it to set and he can create it. It's, this is one of the things that is way outdated we should have done a long time ago. But what happens now is we payrolls entered, reviewed, finalized, and then the builders are taking these paper copies and faxing them off to Whitney, and she's looking at each one and just keying it in. And. Into QuickBooks, running payroll, you know, to do the withholdings and issue the checks. And there's no reason why we Well, I think we've actually, we started the process. What needs to happen is when we finalize payroll, then the report for that company becomes available for Whitney to go in and directly and assist and just work off that, I think is so. I think all that needs to happen there is we need to find out, find out from Whitney what information she needs. Pass

Unknown Speaker  2:00:31
that over to Seth and just build it good.

Speaker 3  2:00:41
So I think the last two are definitely paper cut items. The others, yeah, things to look at moving forward.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:53
I'll, I'll try and put,

Unknown Speaker  2:01:00
put this together, notes on what I took down and then sent this out,

Unknown Speaker  2:01:07
and that's all good, yep,

Speaker 2  2:01:14
yes, on the notch a file thing, do you you probably have something that gives you the format of What that has to be, or do I need? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:01:22
no, that's pretty it's, it's pretty easily accessible. I will have some questions for you at some point I'm sure, like, I don't know. There may be some I don't know. Let me see what it is.

Speaker 2  2:01:43
There's possibilities that there being some nuances per the banks to

Matthias Miller  2:01:49
right service class code probably is the biggest thing that I would want to know. Company ID is that a thing? Um, ring company, create batch header, batch name, add entry, routing, account, amount and name and a is credit, batch header, company, name, company, okay, the big thing I would need for you guys, I think, is your banks. We need a place to enter your well, will these all be coming? No, this needs to be. We'll need to add fields on the accounting record or on the bank account, or your company, probably the bank company name, just to give you full control over that, like your company name with the bank, and your company ID with the bank.

Speaker 2  2:02:55
So there these would just be new fields on the account record.

Matthias Miller  2:02:58
Yeah, new notch fields on the account record. Sounds good.

Speaker 3  2:03:04
So Matthias is your thought. The NACHA files thing is also just a paper cut thing that we just go and do. Or should we look at prioritizing that

Matthias Miller  2:03:16
it's more than paper I think it's more than what deserves paper cut,

Speaker 5  2:03:20
and we'll include it in a good priority

Matthias Miller  2:03:24
list. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 5  2:03:29
good. All right. Sounds good. Okay, appreciate it, guys. Yep, good. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai