Speaker 1  01:59
Are you there? Matthias, yes, I am here. I can hear you. Okay, all right, boy, I apologize. I totally forgot about this. Still. Kelly, my sales manager, got a hold of me, and she's like, Hey, how are we getting on this call? I said, you know, I don't know. And about that time, I got your email. Oh my yeah, I forgot about it. So I'm in my truck running around out here. So she guess she hasn't joined us yet. She

Matthias Miller  02:27
hasn't joined us yet. Would you rather? I mean, I can, I can bump us back by an hour, if that's easier for you.

Speaker 1  02:35
No, no, it's, it's totally fine. No, that's fine. Yep. Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  02:45
How do I? How do I, how do I mute myself? There you go. I see it, yeah, yep, yeah, very good. So you're on, you're in. Is it Missouri, Colorado, Colorado, yeah, okay, you're out at New Horizons area, right? Yep, that's

Matthias Miller  03:14
right. Nelson's area. We talked, yeah, I think you mentioned you know him from way back,

Speaker 1  03:20
right, right, yep, very good, yep, very well, yep. The that training thing, and I apologize, I wanted to get in on that. I wasn't quite sure. You know, if it's even something, is it? Have you started that? Even yet I I've been running held or Skelter, and so, yeah,

Matthias Miller  03:45
we have started it. We actually just ended up enrolling a single dealer into it, and he's been going through it, and we've been doing lead generation for him. And he basically said, my my constraint is time management, not not this right now. So we are okay, yeah, I mean, so there's things we're looking looking at, you know, to help him out on the nurture side, but I've been doing the videos as we go. Was going to kind of, you know, get some some feedback. And I've been getting feedback from him as far as where things go with everything that's been happening the last couple weeks. Personally, you know, it's, I mean, we're, we're probably half to two thirds of the way through the the video series. So, okay, yeah, that's how we've been running it,

Speaker 1  04:40
right? So is that? Is that something I could get in on and start going through the previous through the videos? Yep, totally. Okay, okay, all right, I need to do that. I'll have to. How do I do that? Do you probably, I think you had even sent me an email.

Matthias Miller  04:58
I did. I'm. Earlier, yeah, I can go find it, and I'll just, I'm just replying to it now with a little bump, and it'll bump up to the top.

Speaker 1  05:16
Yeah, you just, yeah, if you get that to me again, I'll try to get through that and get that done so anyways, yeah, it's definitely, I mean, our, our biggest issue right now, like we're, we're busy with my the garages and the cabins and my pole barns, my larger projects. We're really busy with, like we're actually, this is the first time I bought the business from my dad in 2018 and this is the first time ever that we're ahead of head of our sales goal at the, you know, in the first quarter here. But the problem, the problem is, it's all my large projects. I mean, it's, it's okay, it's just that that's not really who I want to be. And, you know, I've got six shed lots out there, and I'm not which part of it is, we're hiring Adrian Kelly is, is filling a bunch of spots, because we're really have, we're doing a house cleaning on the wholesale side. So part of it is, I don't have people, but still, I would rather be in the shed business, if I can.

Speaker 1  06:28
So it's, yeah, there's just some of those things that I, I would say it's probably one of, yeah, I don't know, just kind of our, our struggle right now is, you know, getting the people in place. But then the next thing is going to be, you know, and it's, it's relatively new to us. Or how should I say, even when it's not like, it's not like, I have a bunch of experience bring to the table of, you know, how many leads should each salesperson have per day, and what should our close rate be? I feel like I'm off to the side, and don't, you know, we just kind of put our head put our head down and do the best we can. But I don't really have good sense of data or anything that I can compare with other than a few other companies that I the guys that I know and talk to. But right, so, but anyways, Adrian, I guess you got on right? Yep, I'm here

Speaker 2  07:22
zoom for it to work for me. So, Okay,

Speaker 1  07:27
gotcha so Matthias, I'll let you. Let you go ahead. What?

Matthias Miller  07:31
And I think, I think the basic question here is, I mean, I think it's a pretty open ended, a little bit of an open ended conversation, as far as you know, when, when When Adrian, when you and I talked, Adrian was just getting into her role and and you were just starting to make those changes, and wanted to give, give some time for, you know, there's always the, what is it? The first 100 days where you go, go create chaos and upset the fruit basket. Yep, totally you and not making a political statement that you and Trump,

Speaker 2  08:11
that's kind of what I feel like sometimes I am just coming in and saying, No, we're gonna change this

Matthias Miller  08:20
as you should. And it's, it's, I think it's easy for employees to to take from a change management perspective, when there's a role change like this, you have a reason for for making the changes, and everybody just understands the reason. So I think it's, it's, there's, there's probably a lot more grace for these types of types of things right now. And I think, I think, really, the question is, is there a place where are you guys clear on where your your constraint is, where? And I guess taking a step back, you know, my, my fundamental philosophy, has come down to, usually, there's one, maybe two things, predominantly friction points, that slow everything else down. And if you focus, double down on that, you know, everything else moves more, more smoothly. So, and that's everything for, you know, it's, it's the top of funnel, you know, leads, lead nurture, closing leads, sales process, sales skills, and then it can go all the way into fulfill, into production. And obviously you guys aren't here, but managing lead times, managing logistics, customer customer satisfaction, collecting reviews on the back end, all of that. And so I think in order for me to understand more fully, and I can't remember where I. I apologize. It's been too long. So if I'm asking duplicate questions, I'm just going to have to, you know, beg forgiveness here. But currently you guys are generating, are you guys actively advertising on on Google and Facebook,

Speaker 1  10:15
and now I'm gonna, I'm gonna mute myself here for the next few minutes.

Unknown Speaker  10:19
You're fine. Oh, okay.

Speaker 2  10:29
So we have kind of so I know that they, before I took over, they were still doing the geo fencing leads and things, and from coming from a the sales rep side of it, I was like this, that needs to stop, because they're not, they're dead leads. I have not had a sale all the entire time, from my from these, these Google leads that were coming in, so that was stopped. I The main things that like I'm focusing on right now, because I think that it has been a huge roadblock for us here is the training. I don't want like, I, you know, I am somebody that whenever I, you know, step into something, I just, I do it off like, I just, I learn everything about it. I want to know everything. I just, I'm like a sponge. I just like, I just want to know every detail, tell me everything, teach me everything. And then if I don't, you know if that, if, if I'm not, taught, then I learnt for myself. So I have that kind of, that different personality, I guess, than a lot of people do where they step a lot of people will step into a role and say, teach me. And then if they don't get taught, they're just like, they're just hanging out. You know, there's no self starter type stuff, so, but I'm not that way. So my my feel like, after training some of the people that we've had, and I only got one day with them before, they would just come down to my office and hang out for the day, and I would just kind of give them a crash course as much as possible, and then just be there to support them. You know, through when they were talking to customers or whatever, I would be there for them. But I really want to focus on the training that's like the first my first step as far as and then I would like to focus on doing some of those targeted Facebook ads, those targeted Google ads, things like that. Once I get people in place, I think that's kind of where I'm at. But I mean, that's that will be happening over the next couple weeks, so I'm actively pursuing candidates for it to at least two of the lot. So target those areas. I think that a lot of I think where we could really, really improve, especially after looking at the numbers of what has been coming in, just in the last month and then, and it's even picked up a little bit from over the winter. But we really, I really, would like to drive more traffic to our website. I think that once people go to our website, go to our idea room to build that, that design, well, they're they're more likely to buy than anybody else. So because they're taking those extra, that extra initiative to you know, to put that vision into, you know, into our reality while they're built, you know, building that. So we have a lot of luck from our idea room lead. So I want to focus on driving traffic to our website. We've talked a little bit about some different things we could do with our website, but again, those are things that, you know, take time to build on to and things like that, like we've talked about doing live chat and things like that. So I don't know what that looks like, but definitely, I think where we're we're hurting the most. Right this second is training for, well, right this second for new hires and how it's been is training the product at product knowledge, and then the the website. So I don't know what. What do you think Adrian, since you're

Speaker 1  14:54
now, I was a question was, was as far as Google? Sorry, I was going through a car wash. Oh.

Speaker 2  14:59
I thought, I thought it was a police officer. I thought he got pulled

Speaker 1  15:05
Yeah, I got in there, and anyhow, I wasn't paying attention, and I started dry. Anyways. It's embarrassing. I started driving through this thing, and he's anyways. So was well, so after what I remember was your was kind of, if we're doing Google and Facebook ads, or are we beyond that? I'm sorry,

Speaker 2  15:25
I kind of answered a two part two of the questions he's had, so where what was, yeah, we're not really focusing on that right this second, but that's the goal. Is to do those targeted ads through Facebook and Google specific, right? So

Speaker 1  15:44
I think that's probably as far as right now kind of the current vision that's probably going to be where we're going to spend most of our money in marketing at this point. Marcus was, you know, be those two avenues, but due to, due to being down Adrian, how many? What do we need? Four sales people or three?

Speaker 2  16:03
I'm trying to think we have three right now. I just interviewed a girl, and I'm hoping that you know she, she's just a little intimidated by the commission only aspect, but she would be great. So I'm waiting to hear back from her whether she was ready to I heard the jobs hers if she wants, if she takes it. So because we have,

Speaker 1  16:31
we currently have at least two that we got to hire maybe three. And so I think, I think kind of where, where we were at is, let's get these seats filled, and then we're going to just start and get them trained, and then we'll have to start working with getting more leads, and so forth. And I guess it's kind of where I think we're at right that makes sense, yes, because right now we have, right now we've got a decent amount of leads coming through, I think, enough for the amount of salespeople that we have. But we're not spending any money actively right now, maybe we're not spending very much at all when it comes to pinpointed advertising. Now, you know, I would like to, I would like to see us be able to move the dial on the shed leads, because the other stuff will just come along with it. It's in our brochures. It is on the website somewhat, so we don't have a difficult time selling the larger projects. But we're not, we're not really doing anything to really pinpoint and drive leads for sheds at this point, I might say,

Matthias Miller  17:33
right.

Speaker 1  17:36
So, you know, we were, you know, previously, previously, we were spending, I think our ad spend was around four or $5,000 a month, and it was a waste of money, really, with the way we weren't tracking very well. Yeah, there was just a lot of chaos we had within, within the sales management side that I wasn't getting good clarity on, on really what was happening, and I caught it a little late. But since that's where we're at, do

Matthias Miller  18:09
you get Do you guys have a CRM in place right now? Yeah, what are you guys what are you guys using for that shed? Sweet shit, sweet got it. I Yeah,

Speaker 2  18:23
so I mean, and what kind of has happened, which is what I'm working on, is we do have a we we've had a very high turnover rate for some of the lots. And so we have, what I've been working on for days is going through all of the unassigned contacts and reassigning them, because we've had people be removed from the CRM that they were once assigned to. So these, they're just kind of floating around in our CRM, not being contacted, not having anybody, you know. So, and as I start doing, you know, any kind of, you know, email blast or anything like that. Then, you know, I want them to go correctly to, you know, to the right people. And so I'm working on trying to fix the tagging, fix the, you know, the assigned to that kind of stuff is that's kind of a pain, but that's what we're just trying to explain to that.

Matthias Miller  19:28
Yeah, makes sense. And so your current leads, just to clarify, your current leads are coming through SEO. Is that primarily what's driving it reserve, or just from having your name out there, brochures out there, yeah,

Speaker 1  19:44
probably just our name and brochures and the traffic that comes through the website, the idea room, there is some Facebook marketplace activity and just a general or face to face, yeah, yep, yeah. And.

Matthias Miller  20:00
And, I mean, do you have any any sense or any numbers at this point? It might be way too early to tell, like, what? What's your contact rate of leads? Do you have any ideas on overall close percentage of leads coming through?

Speaker 2  20:14
Um, I can pull it up. What we have in the CRM, but it's not, I mean, it's not

Speaker 1  20:21
Dana's kind of, I would say the data is probably kind of corrupted on Adrian, because we just haven't, yeah, with with changing sales managers and trying to figure out how many to kind of figure everything out. I know, I know Tony would often tell me our close rate was around. I want to say 12 or 14% somewhere in there, yep. But you know, I know just one, one data point that I know is our rent to own is only 10% and we're hearing that should be closer to 40% Yeah, I don't know how you feel about that. Matthias, but that's your

Matthias Miller  20:56
close rate on RTO, or RTO percentage of

Speaker 1  21:00
total sales, RTOS percentage of total shed sales.

Matthias Miller  21:04
So I'm gonna guess again. Knee jerk reaction. Your brand just looking at the website, your brand is not a budget brand. There's nothing that says budget about it. And so I would this is without this is strictly gut level response, because you're doing it through the avenues, and I'm sure your brochures reflect that. And I would expect that you're drawing the upper end of the market, and if you want to expand further down the market, I mean, certainly running Google ads is gonna, gonna help with that. Running Facebook ads, I would also expect would, and you may not even want to do that. I Yeah, so it but, but then, you know, that's okay, that's that's off the cuff, just but more analytically, the question is, I mean, I mean your close rates aren't, are nice? I mean, it's, there's nothing to complain about in your close rates. That's what your numbers are so but I mean, there's definitely the possibility that sales people what I would recommend, and I don't know who your RTO company is, okay. AFG, so get either from them or I know Richard Miller, and I know, I know he's, he's with smart pay, but he's got a great handle on how to sell RTO and and so I'm probably talking too much here straight up. But, but, but it could also be, you know, sales resistance. People don't know how to sell it. People feel like it's exploitative, kind of, all of those things. Of, I would never do it, you know, fill in the blank. So it could definitely be a sales trading issue as well.

Speaker 1  23:17
That's what it seems like I would, I would say that's probably something we're kind of aware of, that we want to, want to do a better job at helping them understand, you know, the opportunity that rent to own brings and to try to make it so that, I think, I guess one of some of those percentages, I guess, helped me realize that, okay, we've got a problem, and how can we address it kind of lines up with the rest of our problem with probably lack of trait, lack of training. Our product offering is pretty broad as well, so that makes it even more complicated to focus and so,

Matthias Miller  23:56
all right, well, if I don't on the back of my mind to include, get Richard to do some how to see if I can, I can talk him into doing a how to sell RTO, to throw into this, into the sprint that

Speaker 1  24:10
I would advise that I Corey from AFG, was up yesterday, our plan, and we were talking about Richard, And I had Richard came in, and this was probably two years ago. He came in and grilled for us. And then he taught, you know what? He spent some time teaching rent to own. And I told Leland that time I was in partnership with Leland Ulrich. I told Leland, I said, you need to get, you need to get a video. And he was working for a fg, Richard was at the time, and I said, you need to get richer to make a video of that. Because he really had a really, really good way. I should never anyone explain it that well. And, yeah, he should. Somebody needs to get a video, I guess. And it would definitely work well. I think he did a very good job. Yeah. Yeah, yep. So yeah, that's kind of where we're at. I don't know if that was enough of a picture or not. Yeah, you know, yeah,

Matthias Miller  25:15
yeah. Adrian Kelly here dropped off for for a minute,

Unknown Speaker  25:21
so I don't know now, so we just wait on her

Matthias Miller  25:24
yeah, she said to be back in one minute. So, okay, almost chasing down something on her end. Yeah. I mean, I think that it gives a good picture, and I can maybe, maybe just, there are some spaces perhaps, where I can jump in, might be able to lend some

Speaker 1  25:45
she is actually a, she's a fractional sales manager, plus she's still on a lot, so she may have been, she may have had a customer just walk in, and so she's got her, she's got her hands full, right now, you know, to fix some of the chaos that is there and hire new people. And so she's got her hands full. But yeah, so I think, I think, I think overall, Matthias, I guess what I was, you know, that's kind of where we're on the same page, if you can kind of dig in to find out where we're at. And then is there a part there that you could play? Is there something that you could help shed light with, or help lift or teach, or, I don't know, I don't know what all how that kind of plays in so, yeah,

Matthias Miller  26:28
well, I think, I mean, I think we can recap this when she when she hops back on. I think I have, we've, we've run Google ads in the shed industry before. I don't know if you've picked your new agency yet, I've got a guy who's been running, got a guy who's been running ads AdWords for 19 years. He knows Google ads like the back of his hand on the Google side. And then we've, we've just rolled out our first Facebook marketplace, or, sorry, Facebook ad campaign. And like I said, I mean, certainly there's a lead nurture issue, there's a workflow issue, all that stuff, but the Legions absolutely working on the on the Facebook campaign side and and so obviously, geography Does, does make a difference. I don't think where you guys are at specifically, it is as competitive as some of the areas in the east, but, and, but you would know better than I would, so that definitely does drive up lead cost, but, but, but again, I think expert. Probably the biggest question I have is getting pretty tactical. Biggest question I have with with the Facebook Google ads is, as long as shed suite gives us access to their CRM that we need to to do all the tie ins, which I don't anticipate being an issue. Okay, so, so that's that's a place absolutely we can help out. We also have experience with the underlying platform that shed suite CRM is running on, and so I don't know if there's, there is stuff to take off your hands on the on the technical side of some of those things, even like mass reassigning contacts and stuff like that. Could, could potentially help with and just lighten, lighten Adrian's little bit on some of that stuff.

Speaker 1  28:33
Yeah, shed suite has been like, if you're familiar with their their CRM they're using, shed suite has been a little rough on helping us traction through learning how to use a CRM and so forth. It's they're kind of learning alongside of us what it feels like, okay, but from what I'm told, this CRM was just another plugin or something they got off of somebody else. That's

Matthias Miller  28:58
so, yeah, and I'm familiar with the so basically, there's an underlying system that they they're able to white label, right, right? Yeah, and I'm familiar with the underlying system. It's what that's the same thing that we use over in our end. So I do know, so you know, and I don't know exactly what that would end up looking like, but if you do need somebody to dig deeper into the technical side of the CRM and getting it configured and implemented and all that stuff we could, we could absolutely take a look at that.

Speaker 1  29:34
So I know, I know nothing about it. I had used HubSpot just a little bit. We had, we had got a year subscription for that. That's what Leland used. So that's what we jumped on to and and we liked it. And but, you know, I'm not, I just, I'm realizing I can't be that guy. I can't dive into all that and figure it all out. I have to get people to do it for me. And right then, jet suite. You know, brought this out there. They, they, they brought in this other system, you know, along with shed suite. So we ended up going that route and quitting HubSpot. We'd be glad to do it just for the financial aid. Was 20, $20,000 a year, and I'm just crazy. Yeah, exactly. I mean, I just can't believe it,

Matthias Miller  30:19
as opposed to, like, three grand a year. Yeah,

Speaker 1  30:22
exactly so. But then it seemed like, I guess as as I would push into my manager, my my manager, Donovan and and sales manager that was Tony at the time, I would push them to try to lean into the CRM and try to keep working with that, improving it, because I I feel like there's a lot of things there that we're not utilizing and doing very well and well then they just said on shed suites, and their people are still learning the system, and their people were like, Well, we're glad that at least you guys are trying to dig into using this, because we've got a lot of guys that are buying it and they're not even using it. They're it's just sitting there. At the same time, it did feel a little bit like we were pushing them rather than them leading us. And it's okay, but yeah, so there definitely, I think, would be some opportunity there for us to try to, you know. And the other thing is that, you know, a lot of a lot all of us as as the whole team, we're kind of new at this, and new at actually having these systems in place and using them. So it's not, not like I have somebody that comes from a $30 million shit company coming in and helping us set it up. It's we're all learning as we're going so, right.

Matthias Miller  31:42
Yeah, I mean, that makes sense, yeah.

Speaker 1  31:47
So, and then, as far as I'm glad to know, so, what another offering then that you would have would be to be able to help us with the marketing side, on the marketplace or on on Facebook ads and Google, Google ads, that's

Matthias Miller  32:02
correct. And, and I think first time we talked, I told you I wasn't going to do that. And then, since that time, partnered up with this guy and and, and he was, he was a little hesitant at first, but then, especially on the Facebook side, but, but with the campaign that's been cranking. I mean, it's, it's working. So

Speaker 1  32:23
yeah, and I'll have to see I know that we just signed something with our website guy, and I got to figure out what that even what we did there. I'm almost, I'm almost thinking that we paid him a flat fee. I forget what Donovan to find out, but I'm almost thinking that we actually that we may have signed a contract with him for a year, that we pay him so much a year, and then whatever the Google the Google ad spend is outside of that, I'd have to check into that, okay, but we're definitely going to be looking at options. So yeah, and so, yeah, I don't know, yeah, if you give me that email again, I'll get that started, and we'll try to get through some of that training and help, help get get in there as well. And I don't know if Adrian's gonna be able to get back on and on.

Matthias Miller  33:26
Yeah, it's printing, printing some stuff off. So we'll see how this, how this goes. Yeah, yep. So you should have that at the top of your inbox whenever you Okay, jump back in.

Speaker 1  33:39
Okay. Okay, good deal. Yep, so is is predominantly when what you're what you're looking at doing, is it? Is it's coaching and so forth, and problem solving on the sales side, or is it overall business on operations as well, and leadership or what? Yeah, that's

Matthias Miller  34:03
a great question. I am pretty smack dab in the middle of some I'm looking kind of at my options of where's the opportunity, where I can create value in the shed industry, and have a few things, especially in the marketing side, that I'm taking a look at, but And and so, and also having some conversations with with companies here and there, where maybe there's room for longer, longer term relationship and kind of grow together. So, so there's that, and then that's kind of the that is the the longer shot. And let's go build this thing that lives outside of me, beyond me, and then in the short term, yes, doing consulting like this. And I've, I've been, I. I hopefully not cheating my own horn too much, but I from friends that talk to me, that a lot of my friends who talk to me, they're like, they're people who consult because they think it's a cool thing to do. And there are people who consult because they're born to do it. And they tell me that, you know, you're one of the people who consults because that's what they were born to do, and and, yeah, like, I've got, I've got the kind of a bizarre blend of people and systems and operations and marketing and sales and even accounting mixed in there. So it's kind of a stir fry on the consulting side. All right, welcome back.

Speaker 2  35:48
I'm doing a multitasking I told her. I said I'm so sorry, but we're in a meeting. But

Matthias Miller  35:55
here we go. I got you. Yeah, yeah. So. So from from a high level, here's some of the places where I feel like we can contribute. Number one, I want to chase down Richard and see if we can get him to see if I can get him to record a video for the sales sprint on RTO sales training. We are able to help on the Google and Facebook ad side, if you're looking at different agencies on on that, I've got a guy who actually ran Google ads for one of your competitors and and has been running ads since for 19 years. So he knows Google ads inside and out. He says he's not a genius. He plays himself down. He says he's not a genius, but he basically just executes on best practices. So every everything that he should be doing, he just shows up and does and then on the Facebook side, we have, we rolled out a successful Facebook campaign that that we could, we can replicate for you guys, if, if you guys do want us to, to get involved that way, the other place of contribution could be on the CRM side. We do have experience on the technical side with the CRM, or I do specifically, I'm familiar on the platform with this, with the platform that the shed suite CRM is built on, so we could, and there may, may even be a few, depending on what you're looking to do to get some things cleaned up, there's potentially some some time saving things that we could do To free up a little bit of your time and automate some of the cleanup just kind of depends on, on how some of that stuff is getting done

Matthias Miller  37:53
down the road. Then, I mean, there's a lot of these things getting in, getting in place, putting these things in place, down there, down the road, then we could, we can, don't worry about it now, but there are options as far as continuing to build out lead nurturing and also just management tools to stay on top of salesperson activity and stuff like that. So, okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  38:22
Adrian, we were talking about you were off there a little bit, I guess there. He's fairly familiar, pretty familiar with the CRM that we're using. So I don't know how that, how that feels to you, like is, do you feel like you're getting on a shed suite, what you need with with the CRM, or is there a good bit of of dark spots within the CRM that you could use help on. I don't know how that's been going or how well it's been utilized,

Speaker 2  38:50
right? So I'm and if you I mean maybe, if you know more, I mean the ins and outs of shed suite, like I'm finding that it's kind of clunky. So when they're putting things in, it's been really, really rough because of the people that were there, not really doing what they were supposed to do. And they were like, putting stuff in, and they were tagging. I mean, there's like, 17 pages of tags, and I'm like, Okay, I can't even, I can't utilize any of the tags that, because it was, you know, it was supposed to be like, when it was implemented, the CRM was implemented, like, Okay, you put it in as your initials. And then, you know, Ashbrook, you know, like, our cabin, so Ashburn cabin, so then I could go in and make a smart list of Ashbrook cabin customers and blast out an Ashburn picture of an Ashburn cabin, you know, like an ad, right? Well, people were like, putting all of their stuff in, and they were like tagging all these crazy things, basic. They taking notes in the tag section, and it's caused all of this and not doing how it was supposed to be done. So then, because what would, what should be, I should be able to do looking at the CRM, is go in and say, okay, so you know, this person is not here anymore. Her initials, this customer, and then transfer all those people to you know me, or to the next salesperson, or whatever. But I can't do that, so it's kind of a mess, and there's not really an easy way that I've found to do those things, to streamline everything and make it more efficient for us.

Matthias Miller  40:43
Why can't you reassign tagged contacts to

Speaker 2  40:48
Well, I can? I just have to go through them individually, individually.

Matthias Miller  40:52
Okay, well, I mean, that's, that's an example. I'm pretty sure. I don't know. I mean, a simple thing could be just making a list of all your CRM headaches and problems like this, particularly, and just, I'm a big fan of and of doing little. I call them working sessions, but just hop on screen, share, walk through it, get it done. You learn we get stuff done like,

Speaker 2  41:20
right? I mean, I I think that, like looking at the data and stuff, it's not accurate because people are not putting it in correctly. Um, so we really have no gage of where we're hurting at I mean, we have an idea, I think, right? Adrian, like, we have an idea of where we think we're hurting, but to actually look at those numbers and those numbers be accurate, it's not happening, and it's it, you know,

Speaker 1  41:52
maybe, maybe what we should do, I don't know, like, maybe well, and you guys know more about this than I do, but maybe What we should do, Adrian, is if we would get Matthias to walk through and do a do a cleanup and kind of a reset of that before you got to start getting more sales people in there. I don't know that way we can begin to get clear data out of it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  42:19
what? And I would think if you and I, if you and I spent some time going through the CRM, we could, we could come up with a pretty good action plan. I mean, even things like cleaning up the tags, if we know which tags are the real tags you want to keep. I mean, yeah, it's going to be, it might be a couple hours of time on my end, but we could save you probably, I don't know if it's a day or two of cleaning up all those other tags, if there's tons of them, and just move those into like a notes field or or move them into another field and clean up the tags, get rid of them. And so some of that stuff could be, some of that stuff could we could automate and really cut down the time that it's going to take to get it cleaned up. Okay?

Speaker 1  43:11
And I don't know, like when it comes to then running some of these Facebook ads and starting to do ads, from what Donovan told me, again, I'm a little in the dark with this. But I guess a lot of that can all be managed through the CRM. Is that right?

Matthias Miller  43:24
That's correct. So what the way that we like to do it is to, yeah, we push, we push contact stuff straight into the CRM. And that is another question that I have, do you have text message history in the CRM from these old leads? Yeah,

Speaker 2  43:40
I try to go back through and listen to as much as I can, to tag them correctly, but it's, it's just taking time so well.

Matthias Miller  43:49
So here, here's again, this is, this is a speed versus money thing, and Adrian, I, I don't, I don't know. I don't know if you guys have better ways to differentiate between which Adrian I'm talking to,

Speaker 2  44:02
Adrian hirschberger, Adrian Kelly, usually it's, he's Adrian and I'm Adrian Kelly. So

Matthias Miller  44:08
that's what I guess. I'll follow suit. So Adrian, I don't know what your appetite is on this, but this is just as an example. And again, I don't it depends a little bit, but one of the options we would have is, well, sorry, one more question. Adrian Kelly, do you have transcript? Are the recordings transcribed? No. Okay, so Adrian, one of the options we would have is we could export the call recordings and push them through a transcription, push them through AI, and can't come up with at least. It's not going to be perfect, but if we come, come down to some some guidance on, where does it fall? Which product, I mean, here are the products. Here, all the products that they could be talking about. Are they talking about any of these? Where, from your perspective, you know, where were they? In the in the process, did they, did they get a quote, was there a time frame on it, and extract some of that information out? It's possible, again, that we could, and again, that's going to be more it's going to be more effort. It's going to be more lift. But versus trying to go through and listen to all of them, if you've got, if you got hundreds of these things,

Speaker 1  45:29
right, right? Yeah. I mean, I, I don't know, Adrian and Kelly, what you, what you think about that, like trying to is that, is that a pretty big need that you're feeling right now. Would it help a lot to have some help with that?

Speaker 2  45:46
Maybe? I mean, I I don't know how much help that would be in the place that we're at now. Does that make sense? Because those people are gone, right? Yeah. So I'm kind of like, you know, now maybe for like, the three that we have, but, you know, maybe, but the that training, I mean, that's kind of where my focus is. So is getting that training program done and the everything re like, like, our state, we're, I'm, I'm kind of restructuring our sales manual with, like, our pricing book and sales manual, because, to make it more easily digestible, um, because not everybody's a super nerd like I am, and the whole thing, oh, you know, I the so that goal is to kind of take that, make it more easily digestible, make it easier to learn, not as like, overwhelming, like, oh, I have to learn all of this, you know, make it more of like a resource, rather than something They have to sit down and read all the way through, because the information for one building is in 27 different places. And so that's kind of where I'm at there. But I mean, as far as like me going, so I'm just kind of trying to go back through those to reassign them so that they don't go out into the those calls that they call back don't go out into the ether. Because I know I'm pretty confident that two out of the three people that those leads are going to, which is myself and and his sister, is they're going to be taken care of, and more than likely, you know, so, but just re tagging them, that's, I mean, it's just time. So I'm not really super concerned with that. It's just, man, as things kind of move along, maybe I'll, maybe it'll, it'll get better. I don't, I don't know. And it's not really like a huge priority, either. So it's just my My thing is the ads getting traffic to the website. I think that as far as what you could do, that is where the focus for me is, is to help us get that traffic, and then I can not have to maybe then, then I can have those leads to give to new hires and part of that training, and, you know, kind of go from there. So the Google and Facebook ads, I mean, I think that we should target Facebook more than we do and more than we have, because I've had, personally before this position, just me as a rep, I would take like, $5 and boost a post on Facebook and get, you know, 3000 react, you know, views from it. You know, I would get it seen by 3000 people, um, and then I'd get i there for a while, I had so many cabin customers calling that are planning to build in the next few years. I couldn't hardly keep up with those calls. Um, if I did that, if I was able to do that with sheds, I think that that would be huge. Um, so,

Speaker 1  49:22
yes, I agree. I agree, Kelly that I think we have to stay focused this, this at this point, on getting the seats filled, and on your training manual and some of the things you know there to get the foundation laid so that the cleaner, CRM, a lot of those things will, of course, be important, but need to be laid on top of that. But we've kind of back up and get the foundation first and so, but it's good to know that, that there's an option here, that he can maybe help get it, lift us out of that once we get in. To there, you know, yeah, so. And I also, this may have happened when you were off ADR Kelly, but I we were talking about, you know, if we were to engage with him on Facebook and Google ads, I'm definitely interested in finding out, but I gotta check with with Donovan, because, did we sign a contract? I gotta, I gotta remember, we did something with Bob with the website, and I'm not sure, yeah, so I need to find out from Donovan what we did there, so we know where we're at. Because we do need, we do need to make a move somewhere here fairly quickly to turn some of that up. We just to be honest with you, Matthias, right now we just with only two good sales people, it's there's enough leads coming through to keep them plenty busy. We're so we're trying to fill the seats and then turn we'll turn the heat up.

Matthias Miller  50:57
Sounds good, yeah, so out of

Unknown Speaker  51:00
where we're at. Yeah, yep.

Matthias Miller  51:01
And Adrian Kelly, to your point, Facebook is a great source for volume, but if you want higher buying intent leads with higher so if you already have busy salespeople, getting getting typically, Google has higher buying intent leads because they're actively searching for a building now, and so you get lower volume, higher higher prices, higher buying intent. And so general recommendation, from my perspective, is to start there, unless you really want to turn up the heat fast, and we know we can handle it. We I'm certainly not opposed to doing both platforms. And it's nice to have redundancy so you're not relying on one, one platform or the other. But,

Speaker 2  51:47
yeah, I mean, what I don't want to happen, I mean, this is because it's super, super important to me that you know that we everything that we do is done at 100% all the time. So I, what I don't want to happen is for it to get too big with two salespeople or three, and then we can't handle it, and then we can't give every customer that 100% so I, and so that's what I don't want to happen, because when you have, you know that's where mistakes are made, yes, and in that kind of a stress. So I think that, like, I where I'm at personally, and I don't know, I mean, I just, would I, like, I want to focus on getting that those people in building that those foundation, that those building blocks, so that we can just hit the advertisement hard, especially. And it's not going to take. I mean, I don't think it's going to I don't want it to take, you know, you know, six months, you know, six months, or whatever it's. I'm like, I'm doing it right now. So, I mean, I've had interviews this week, so, but it's going to take me a couple weeks to train thoroughly, train things like that, and then just and then hit it hard. So is what the goal is. So, yeah, I guess we'll find out about what con what we have for Bob, and then maybe go from there is that,

Speaker 1  53:31
yeah, okay, yep, yep, I agree. And then if, as we move along, if we see that that CRM cleanup is something we want to tackle, then we'll definitely reach out. Yeah, I'm kind

Speaker 2  53:45
of tackling that like whenever I have a couple minutes during the day, I'm on the evenings and weekends, so that's when I'm tackling that CRM and going through those one by one and trying to time those accordingly. So, yep,

Matthias Miller  54:05
yes, good. Sounds good?

Speaker 1  54:10
Okay, so I guess we gotta go from there and just reach out to you, once we get some clarity on on where we're at there to several weeks that. Does that make sense? And I want to, I want to sign up for your videos. I'll, I'll get a hold of those that email as well. Sounds good, so,

Matthias Miller  54:31
yeah, sounds sounds like a plan. Okay, all right, but good, good chatting with you guys. And thank

Unknown Speaker  54:38
you so much for your time. Absolutely,

Matthias Miller  54:40
you're welcome.

Speaker 1  54:42
Yeah, sounds good. I appreciate it. Matthias, if you get Yeah, get a hold of Richard, tell him. Adrian said, Hello,

Matthias Miller  54:48
All right, sounds good. I'll do that. I'll do that. All right. All right. You guys have a good one. Hey, thank you.

Unknown Speaker  54:56
You bet you. Bet you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai