Matthias Miller  00:00
Have we? I can't remember if we've have we met before?

Unknown Speaker  00:06
No, we haven't. Okay.

Matthias Miller  00:10
So my my role has been I've been working with Ellis in varying capacities over the last, oh, goodness, 20 years in in software and in software design, and I've been working with codecrafters specifically on this, on the software design site, where I don't even know how long that's been, five, probably getting somewhere from five to 10 years. And so my my goal here this morning, I think just, just want to make sure, sure we're in the same page. I'd love to hear a little bit about you, your role. And I think the goal here is to map out a path forward on the quoting software, including some of the changes that you guys are looking to make. So yeah, that love to hear a little bit more about about who you are and with what your what your part is. So

Speaker 1  01:29
I'm I can't just came into tool building and quoting. I kind of manage both in quoting. I lean heavily on my the guy that did it before me. He's he still works with me. He does the reviews are quotes. Template spreadsheet has lots of room for human error and and he's a good one to catch, catch it, if it, if there is human error, but he doesn't always. Our quote template as several years of evolution, most of the as far as tool building, most of what I do is work on that template, improve it, add standards and stuff like that. I also do a little bit for drafting, which is where I came from, from hospitals. I came five years ago. And I don't know exactly when I started for with quoting and tool building in hostetters, but it was sometime last year, okay and so. And another point I wanted to make is I, I came up with this vision to majorly change the template. I called it unified. I can't remember what I called it, but it was going to take, like, four weeks to do it. One of the things I want from you is, is to tell me whether it's worth my time to do that, or if, if that will help you, or if it's better to let you just go from where We're at. Now sure,

Matthias Miller  03:38
one question to that point is, there's, there's a little bit of a question too, on urgency of business need. So do you have, like is there, are there any time critical pieces in those changes on the business side, just as a factor.

Speaker 1  04:08
Well it it's gonna pause progress on coming up with more standards that that would be one last year or so we we started trying to to sell standard packages with a discount. If you take the standards and we're we tried to come up with with enough that was business development. Had to come up with the design, and we had to come up with a way to make it happen with a button, and it's gonna pause the progress on coming up with more. But otherwise, I don't, I don't think so.

Matthias Miller  04:59
Okay. Okay, and the standard packages, the is there, like a target objective. We want to have this many standard packages by the state,

Speaker 1  05:13
yeah, I think they have a goal on a target on that, but I'm not sure what it is even Okay.

Matthias Miller  05:18
I Yeah, okay, so let's start then with

Matthias Miller  05:34
see, is it easier for you to I really have no preference here. So easier for you if I share my screen and you walk me through it, or do you want to share your screen? And I think just starting with a walk through maybe of you know the existing than the beta, and if the work schedule and proposal numbers or call log needs to happen.

Unknown Speaker  06:06
Easier for me to share my screen to start. I'm not sure how to do that.

Matthias Miller  06:11
There's a green button on the bottom of the screen that says Share, and then you can either select your full screen

Speaker 1  06:20
actually, I have, I have this other computer, and I don't even have

Matthias Miller  06:29
so, oh god, it's you'll have it on

Speaker 1  06:31
there. Maybe just, just, you can just share your screen.

Matthias Miller  06:35
All right, sounds good. I stepped away from my desk for just a second, but I'm gonna so with the is the proposal numbers or the or which one's the best one to start With?

Unknown Speaker  06:52
Maybe the beta template. Okay,

Matthias Miller  06:57
so there we go. Can you see that? Okay. Does it need to be bigger

Unknown Speaker  07:08
that that's okay, yeah. All right.

Matthias Miller  07:18
All right. So just just once again, for context, this would be this template is for a single, single quote. Is that right? Yes.

Unknown Speaker  07:27
Okay,

Speaker 1  07:34
so let me, let me kind of walk us through here. Click on the Contact Info tab, sure. So this is where, where it starts. I wish this wouldn't be a custom go to equipment. RFQ hit the change to custom bar button.

Matthias Miller  07:59
Oh, here I disabled it. Let me reopen it with macros turned on. Here we

Matthias Miller  08:09
go, enable, do not update source links and share again, equipment change to custom. There we go.

Unknown Speaker  08:24
Also hit reset. Then I'll say reset.

Matthias Miller  08:29
Yes, I do want to proceed.

Speaker 1  08:30
All right, and do hit reset on the building, RFQ as well.

Matthias Miller  08:35
Okay,

Speaker 1  08:39
the change to custom barn changes all the way, but it's individually building and equipment. So go back to contact info. All right. So this is basically where the sales salesman will start filling out, you know, get their phone number, uh, address, everything, and fill out the high points. Maybe you'd say of the of the building down the gray part, and then they'll go to equipment. RFQ, okay, so this, I think where this started Are you scrolled up to the top?

Matthias Miller  09:22
Oh no, there we go.

Speaker 1  09:26
I think the way this started was this was just going to be or just a request for quote, and then quoting, that was before I came on the end quoting, then quoting would take that information and and make a quote out of it. But the tool builder before me he, he went teaching school, so he's not working since school started. I think we're going to have him again. But. Yeah, so I think it was him that kind of connected the questions to both the calculations, is what I call it, and master cover. So go ahead and your space bar will check that box. Oops, it's supposed to There we go. I

Matthias Miller  10:33
can put in Y or N into any of these. So,

Speaker 1  10:45
yeah, we have a obviously, I don't know how much you know about spreadsheets, but events change, events will make the filters refresh on these, but just just one a barn that we can just go through and do yes and no on each of these. There's not that. There's not that much that can go wrong. It's more when a customer wants something different, or we need to. We have go ahead and click that bifold doors. You see we have, we used to only have two options, and it's, it's the pain to to add another option, because you had to add it in here, over in equipment and in building and in the master cover. Anyway, they sales will go through and fill this out and make notes in the salesman's notes, and then go to equip no go to building, RFQ and and fill out that likewise.

Matthias Miller  12:05
So we'll just say

Matthias Miller  12:12
apps.

Speaker 1  12:24
Yeah, over on the left, I have blanks are yellow, yeses are green, and nos are red, or a quick visual, yep,

Matthias Miller  12:36
makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  12:38
Then go ahead and go over to the building tab.

Matthias Miller  12:42
Let's see, there we go.

Speaker 1  12:45
So you can kind of see, this is where the calculations are done. Likewise over an equipment. Gotcha my I'll just share briefly my vision for the unified so everything would have been on the same sheet, the calculations, the RFQ and the cover sheet, and everything I I wanted to be able to like, grab a whole group, if you see the the lines, there's lines through it that kind of separates groups. Yeah, I wanted to be able to grab a whole group and add and copy and paste, insert, and then I'd have, I'd already have my cover sheet, my RFQ and the calculations, and I kind of rearrange quite a bit, probably the filtering would be different. And I also wanted to make so depending on a selection in a certain cell, maybe like RFQ mode, the calculations wouldn't be visible. It visible with a customer in the room, you know, but if you select a different template, maybe, like tool building mode, you could see everything. And maybe contract mode would have just the contract verbiage. Did you? Did you click on the master cover yet? Not yet. So it'll be kind of like that. It won't have that red on it, and we sure we usually have it in the down the bottom right of the screen. There's a different way to I can't remember what it's on your

Unknown Speaker  14:53
it's a different view of it. It separates it into pages.

Matthias Miller  14:57
Oh, there it is. Yep, yeah. Something like, no, no.

Unknown Speaker  15:05
It's on your it's on your Excel.

Matthias Miller  15:10
Oh, like a page layout. Yeah, there we go. Yeah. That's

Speaker 1  15:16
why we usually do it. And obviously this one isn't filled out. Go back to contact info, Yep, let's, let's do a standard. Hit the there by the vital standards, click that option, okay, and click that one where you're on, okay? So now that that filled it out, one thing that's not happening is the change event when you click on this. Oh, I see what? I remember what the the filter doesn't go down far enough because I undid the filter run, sure,

Matthias Miller  16:02
but

Speaker 1  16:05
That's kind of the idea, probably,

Matthias Miller  16:11
that makes sense. Um,

Matthias Miller  16:33
so, just so then, effectively, what you would do is you would have a single RFQ sheet with an equipment section on it and a building section on it, is that? And then calculations off to the right, so it's all tied together, and there's no, is that? Right?

Unknown Speaker  16:53
Yes, okay,

Matthias Miller  16:59
trying to think of what the what are the i

Speaker 1  17:23
I'm hoping you'll have the right questions for to answer my question, yeah, that's, that's,

Matthias Miller  17:34
there's a, there's a, there's a there's a fun exercise that you Should do sometime. It doesn't really go well with our, our, our, I guess, modest background of not tooting your own horn too much, but asking your friends what, what it is that you do, that you do, better than most, most people from from their perspective, people who've worked with you, and it's really insightful. And so one of the things that it wasn't there at the top of the list for me, but one of the things that did come up was, was my ability to ask questions. And so I have kind of assumed that the other clue is what's gotten you in trouble in the past. So I think some of the things that have gotten me in trouble has been asking questions, and so I usually assume it's my job to come up with the questions, and I'm happy to let curiosity drive so if you ever need anything really insightful, you should, you should ask, ask some people close to you for that, but that's a very long winded answer way to say, I don't mind asking questions. Um, well, I think one, one thing I would be interested in is going through understanding and just a bit more how these pieces tie together. Does I uh, how does item entry?

Speaker 1  19:06
The item entry is something we more recently added. It's just a place where you can just without no before we had item entry, we just went into equipment and inserted rows and and put in the Part Number that pulled up the description and the price. Now we have a place where we don't have to mess with the equipment or the building the calculations tab, because we we built a place to put in just single items, like most of the stuff in the building and equipment, are like components that have to have this with this and that with it to make it work. So much of this and so much of that it's like components that the item entry is just for single, single items with a one. A part number and a price, single or, you know, so many components.

Matthias Miller  20:10
Yeah, that makes that makes sense.

Speaker 1  20:14
It does come on the calculation sheet, but it's just down on the bottom, it just basically copies it in Sure.

Matthias Miller  20:26
Where does this list of items come from?

Speaker 1  20:29
It's hidden there on the left that hit that plus between the formula bar and the headers,

Matthias Miller  20:38
see one Annotate button that wants to show up. Okay, the real bar and the

Speaker 1  20:47
that small plus there just just below your question. Oh,

Matthias Miller  20:50
there we go. Perfect. Ah, it's

Unknown Speaker  20:54
it's locked, it's protected, but it's not okay.

Matthias Miller  21:01
There we go. And then you can, got it, got it, got it, got it all, right, so this stuff is coming from, and so

Speaker 1  21:09
that, but, and then that is coming from a different, different sheet, yeah, where we so some the the building items are then just have think that they mostly have just a price in the spreadsheet that's manually updated, whereas the equipment item items are in the separate spreadsheet. And then we we do an export from QuickBooks, and that spreadsheet is getting the prices from from the export, multiple steps in between.

Matthias Miller  21:48
But okay, but there's some kind of code linking to QuickBooks or or is it description, not directly,

Speaker 1  21:55
but it's a it's to on the equipment side. It's linking to an export out of QuickBooks, okay? And

Matthias Miller  22:07
then you would have your so these are the QuickBooks basically, essentially, eventually tied to the QuickBooks items. And then you would have, I

Matthias Miller  22:28
let's see and is the price calculation, the quantity times length

Speaker 1  22:36
on so some of the items are by the piece, and some of them are by length. And I I made so that when you select an item that is by the length, it'll ask you for a length, uh, otherwise and that, and that is in the other spreadsheet that you don't have. I didn't think of that Sure. It pops up enter length, and then you do put the length in. And if it's by the length, it'll calculate it by the length. Otherwise it's just by the piece.

Matthias Miller  23:12
Got it makes sense, all right? And

Matthias Miller  23:21
then we've got the custom items which are just hand entered. And each of these can have custom items for each one.

Speaker 1  23:33
Yeah, the non stock, we just put a price in from our vendor, whoever. Yep, everything else would come from QuickBooks or that other sheet.

Matthias Miller  23:49
So then, fundamentally on the RFQ here, let's do let me do this, trying to take some notes to both Well, partially to just organize my thoughts along the way. So then we have so on the RFQ, we have a category and a header in the respective check boxes, okay? Because this is a standard package, though, I need to change it back to custom and reset so they can,

Speaker 1  24:33
well, they normally, I think sales usually starts out with a with a standard and then custom. But they don't do the reset. They'll just then go in you want.

Matthias Miller  24:47
That makes sense. If I want to do the same thing, go back here, do this one and hit the and then just change to custom, and then I could customize. It makes sense. Okay. So effectively we've got headers.

Speaker 1  25:06
Yeah, the filtering is done over on the hidden like that. It was an item entry over on the left, sure. Well, actually, no, it's hidden in different ways. Actually hit click in that cell, k1 yep, that's, that's part of my vision for hitting. And that hides the the filter, so that filtering is for actual filtering, and also in the yes, no, hit that plus button there between above, there we go, protected.

Speaker 1  25:52
So sales asked me to make so that when, when some when a category or a group is minimized or is not checked, that it can't be, that it can't have a yes, so that that's what the purposes of the end column, it can a yes in the M column, if, if it's not checked, but over in the end column, it will, it will just have an end,

Matthias Miller  26:19
right? I know that makes sense, okay, all right, so we have go over to the RFQ so you have a i

Matthias Miller  26:46
Okay, where does i?

Matthias Miller  27:04
The lookup is tying out to another spreadsheet. Where is that?

Speaker 1  27:09
This is the end of it. I don't think there's not very much links out of this one. I don't think so. It's just a place where a lot of things get their QuickBooks numbers and, yeah, this thing is, like, has a lot of evolution, and it's in some senses, very, very messy, as also where a lot of the drop downs are coming from, going from

Matthias Miller  27:47
so and then I'm assuming that these values Here, in some way, are tied to calculations,

Speaker 1  28:01
mostly though, it's calculations are tied to this information. It's if you, if you draw it out, from what's looking to what it would be, the RFQ would be at the top, and then the calculations are looking to it, and the cover sheet are looking to it.

Matthias Miller  28:24
Okay, so cover sheet, cover sheet looks at calculations, and calculations look at RFQ. No,

Speaker 1  28:32
that's the way it should be. But it's, it's both are looking at the RFQ. So, so one something we've had happen is that we were showing that we have a, like, a $40,000 piece of equipment included. So it's included in the cover sheet, but not in the calculations. Oh, no,

Matthias Miller  28:59
that's a i That's That's not a good day in, the day in, in a work life. It's not okay. So I uh,

Matthias Miller  29:26
alright. So then let's go into Okay. So then, okay, in the ideal world, okay. How in the ideal world? How are like columns P and R used?

Speaker 1  29:40
So that's one messy piece. It's not exactly all the same. I Well, ideally I'm going to say P is for quantities, and R is for lengths,

Matthias Miller  29:52
somewhere in there. Okay, it's and then that's a very kind of hand wavy we kind of think it's like this, but it's not completely across the board. Like that? Is that fair? Yes, okay, sounds good. All right, so we have A I'm trying to think I'm

Unknown Speaker  31:02
okay,

Matthias Miller  31:05
so then I'm

Matthias Miller  31:27
it could be, isn't it true? Then we wanted to simplify it, that we could have two, okay, are there ever places where there are places where you might have a quantity, like here you have a quantity and a length? Is that right?

Speaker 1  31:51
Yes, that's that will be, often be the case. Often

Matthias Miller  31:55
be the case. And so really, what we could do okay, let me, let me, let me tell you a little bit where my headspace is at and why I'm digging into the weeds here. My instinct is that the biggest source of complexity is stuff like O is mostly quantity in Q is mostly length, but not always. And how, like most of the complexity is actually deeper under the surface, and that integrating the two pieces might actually be very helpful when it comes to migrating stuff across. I'm not convinced yet that that is the that that's the biggest source of complexity here. So I think part, part of what I'm part of what I'm probing for here is going kind of below the surface and seeing mapping out the relationships of what maps to where. So just, but I might, I might change my mind. So, so then we have the salesman's notes and estimators notes.

Speaker 1  33:30
Those aren't really tied to anything. There's, it's just notes, sure the the estimators notes will be note, a note to the salesman. Salesman that will be to the estimator, basically,

Matthias Miller  33:43
sure.

Speaker 1  33:50
Then the v column. A lot of the calculations are looking to that one. There'll be a wherever, there's a QuickBooks number, there'll be a drop down and over in what's before M, the wide column where the they'll select an option, like the L column, they'll select an option, and that changes the QuickBooks number over in the v column, and the calculations gets that QuickBooks number and the quantity.

Matthias Miller  34:25
So if you have interesting, if

Speaker 1  34:27
you trace dependents, it would kind of be all over the board. Another thing I wanted to do in the when, when I make the when I do the rework, is a lot of this stuff has winching involved, and the winching is isn't all the same I want, I would have wanted to make so like, I can, like, change, change the winching, and then, then copy my changes to all the winching groups. I. Uh, I don't, I didn't think that through all the way to where I just know that will work. But that's, that's one messy piece, if, if we might make a change to winching. It's, it's a fairly manual change where you had to go through and find all the winching groups and and make sure you don't mess up something else when you're while you're changing, making the change.

Matthias Miller  35:35
All right, so, 12, eight by eight, seven, so these options, wait a minute. Did changing this option? Add a new row. It

Unknown Speaker  35:57
didn't add it unhided It unfiltered,

Matthias Miller  35:59
unfiltered it, so there are some rows that are dependent on All right, so if I change it back,

Speaker 1  36:09
doesn't have that doesn't need, that option, right, doesn't have or doesn't need. So that option I just made to that option appears when You select the other nest.

Matthias Miller  36:21
Okay, so you've got,

Matthias Miller  36:37
right?

Matthias Miller  36:47
But how much? Well, no, because these are all like

Matthias Miller  36:58
and then there are some times when certain items are locked.

Speaker 1  37:03
So yeah, not, not all of them will have a different option to select over there. It's just the other ID

Matthias Miller  37:09
that's fair. So I

Speaker 1  37:25
and some of this stuff is the building. RFQ looks over to the equipment. RFQ more for some stuff, like the actual doors are in with the equipment on bifold doors and and turn out doors like chicken doors over in the building. We just do the framing for the doors, and it gets the information which door From the equipment, RFQ, I

Speaker 1  38:19
the blue cells with gray italics, hopefully look like default values, which is what it's meant to be used to we had, we just had formulas in these cells, and then if they got somebody selected or over wrote it, the formula would have just been gone. Now I made so 14 cells to the right is, is where the actual calculation is done, and it's just looking over there. And if, if a person overwrites it, you can just hit that, Use Default button, and it puts that formula back in there.

Matthias Miller  38:57
Got it makes sense

Unknown Speaker  39:01
that huge improvement to me, yeah,

Matthias Miller  39:04
for sure.

Speaker 1  39:07
So if you select something that's non default, it goes

Matthias Miller  39:12
to red. Format it differently. Just throw it back. I

Matthias Miller  39:23
All right. Well, okay, so that's something to dig into, okay, so then,

Matthias Miller  39:32
then part numbers, RFQ, um, of So then here we have, so what are ways that the building looks at the equipment like? I mean, you mentioned framing,

Speaker 1  39:55
almost exclusively, door silos for framing, mm. I think, okay, there's, there's not a whole lot, just just a few, and they'll be in the H column. I think most of the references, maybe all the references, would be in the H column, like the bifold door. They're 32 through 34 or 30 maybe 33 to 35

Matthias Miller  40:32
right,

Speaker 1  40:34
and also not seeing the turnout doors, 36 and 37 those five sales. I'm not quite sure those are locked because that there's not an option to select different one. Well, it would apply in the same way. So that's kind of a inconsistency there

Matthias Miller  41:06
and then, and then. It's a width, length in depth that's coming from,

Speaker 1  41:17
well, some of that would be coming from the contact information, the length, right, or Maybe indirectly, coming from there.

Matthias Miller  41:40
Here, we also have overhead door opening, which

Speaker 1  41:52
That one's for an extra one, the other one, 143 is for like the standard doors, and then the other one is for if they want one, besides which is, it's not normal, it's just just there in case somebody wants

Matthias Miller  42:11
it. Got it. Okay? So now if we

Matthias Miller  42:26
so this could, could this, if we if push came to shove, is there a different way we could do this, either with secondary options for the overhead, for that door, or with a custom item or something like that. Yeah, that

Speaker 1  42:46
could, that could be a long list of, you know, the sizes and the raised panel, the panel type, the window and motor, all that in a long list, instead of like that,

Matthias Miller  43:05
like you could have a group of, if we you could have Yeah, sub options for

Speaker 1  43:10
or in a program. In a program, you could have a pop up where you select all your different stuff and that that puts your description in the mm. Yeah, that's not used very much. Actually, I

Matthias Miller  43:29
was wondering too, if it's, if it's not used all that much, if there's, well, yeah, one of the things I keep my eye open are, what are things that deviate from the norm, but and, and I'm having, by extension, it's more expensive to build and maintain just because it's not norm. And because it's not norm, there's lower benefit to it, just day to day usage. Okay? So then so that that's that, and then going over into is the building or equipment calculations, the best one to take a look at

Speaker 1  44:15
first, but is the way equipment's done is, is advanced from a way of building this equipment. Okay,

Matthias Miller  44:24
so we have here.

Speaker 1  44:30
I think that used to be a place where things would be filled out in this sheet, but now it's all looking to other sheets and calculating within itself and stuff like that part there and then the gray formatted cells are. There's quite a bit of consistency in this sheet. Red means it has a formula. And. That yellow cell with dotted lines around it means trying to remember, means that it's Amish conditional, or that if, if it's Amish, is selected yes in the cover sheet or on the contact information, it will turn off motors and etc. Thanks. Then we also have two other formats, I believe. One is winching spacing, and the other is, I can't remember right now.

Unknown Speaker  45:37
Okay, uh,

Speaker 1  45:46
so b column has the final quantity. The D column is, for the most part, how many per group. And then the the C column, the all the way, at the top of the of each group is the group quantity, and then below that is most of those cells are the the number beside it in the D column, times the group quantity.

Matthias Miller  46:17
Got it. So, okay, so, so this would be, this would be an option. If I go back, this would be an option that I would expect to see in the equipment list here, or no,

Speaker 1  46:31
oh yes, and row 16, I think 16.

Matthias Miller  46:36
Yep, right there. It is great. So I do that. And so then the components populate, there are, or the it's not the right so you're calling the items in the RFP the group, and are you calling collect these components then?

Speaker 1  47:04
Well, I'm not sure on my terminology. We call them a group or a component is got it? You really need, need a need a better way to talk about these items, because single item, we should have a different name for it, and then then a group of item that, and, yeah, a lot of these groups take different stuff, depending On the stuff that's, you know, the group can be customized.

Matthias Miller  47:52
Okay, so typically, standard language is the smallest piece would be a part. So might be a screw, or, I think, I think typically, you know, these look to me to be parts, mostly, and then you put them together into a component, okay, which is when they're assembled together into something higher, you know, something, something bigger. And then, when you're, this is more in a kind of typical manufacturing, I don't really know about building, but then you put components together into an assembly, so and then, and then you have, if you need to go up beyond that, I would think, like building an equipment would or even egg room equipment, or things like that, would then be groups. Kind of the bigger like multiple assemblies would then be a group.

Speaker 1  48:53
A group is made up of assemblies, and assemblies are made up of components, and components are made up of parts, right? So, let's try to use that language. I'll, I'll try to remember Yes. All right, so

Matthias Miller  49:20
yeah, okay, so, okay, so then, then, when you I mean so, so the item entry is all the way at the bottom. These guys were just copies across. Makes sense to me.

Speaker 1  49:41
We have so if you notice the separation there that go down just a bit more. Yeah, there's a white between there. So another thing that makes it complex for tool building is. I'm not sure exactly how they used to do it, but now we can have a double barn. It has two bird areas, one egg room, or it might have two bird areas and no egg room. The and if, if there is more than one bird area, the I the that will have everything will be times two or three. How many? However many bird areas, quite typical to in a new build. We had one that was three. Most of them are one. So that's the purpose of the having the egg room equipment separate down the bottom, also, similarly the building, except in the building there's, there's even more groups that are some. Some of them are times one. Some of them are times two. If the egg room is or if the bird area is times two. And then to put it, to add on top of that, we have a two stage pull up barn that the two ends are not the same length. And that's, that's kind of when I, I went into I couldn't even make progress, because I was just dreaming about how I could make this thing different, and wondering when the time is to go to a program instead of an Excel sheet, just whether, whether Excel or a program platform, it there's a pretty big need for some organization,

Matthias Miller  51:50
yeah, yeah, yeah, you're exactly right. And I think, I think what, yeah, it makes sense, and it's Yeah.

Speaker 1  52:07
And then we have go over to the labor tab so our GC, something else that complicates it to me, our DC calculations are done. But if the labor is turned off, it will still be in the in the list of calculations, and then it's just deducted. Got it so that that really it took a while for me to to get that in my head that's labor and concrete are done quite similarly, and that that they come over into the building and the equipment from from the labor, from the labor, labor, the final number, if you look down, go to the building tab, Yep. Final number all the way down the bottom, you just before we put it over on, over on the on the cover sheet is, would be k, 1063, I believe there's a

Matthias Miller  53:19
right now, sure, something's wrong, but Okay, and here's the break, here's a breakdown. Well, that's,

Speaker 1  53:27
that's just a readout. Is, I was hoping that will help us with reviews, but Lynn will say he doesn't even use it. I was, I'm supposed to learn how to review these, because Linda's gonna go on a monthly vacation, but it's gonna be good for me. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  53:54
exactly. Well, you'll get you'll gain a whole level of understanding that you haven't had before, good or bad. All right,

Speaker 1  54:07
this used to be all on, maybe I don't know, 10 different sheets I brought, I brought the calculations together to four sheets, the lookup, I don't consider a calculation sheet. It's just, just a place to put, to put lookups. Well, it's

Matthias Miller  54:30
like a it's like a giant, well, I mean, it's, it's all the little pieces of of information that you need to I mean, that makes sense to I'm just repeating what you're saying. It makes sense to me like that. So well, I have to commend you on this. I think, I think your, your drive for organizing and simplifying and unifying is, is, is definitely, is definitely one of the. Things. Let's move this in a good direction, and even your your drive towards towards integrating equipment and building this evidence of that.

Unknown Speaker  55:15
I'm kind of hoping you'll tell me that I don't need to do the unified you'll just all

Matthias Miller  55:25
right, the truth finally comes in. 56 minutes in, the truth comes out. I love it.

Unknown Speaker  55:35
All right. It would be a fun challenge. I really, what I actually want is, is what you actually think? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  55:45
no, I understand. I mean my instinct Alice, my instinct goes right, right off the gate. Was probably that. That unifying is that uh, that more changes to the Excel probably don't give us that much benefit.

Speaker 1  56:16
Another thing that to keep in mind is that, well, I'm not sure how, how you guys are going to support us, but it kind of feels like we should probably be able to make changes to components. And I'm I can't visualize how you would do that in program. Sure you probably do. But

Matthias Miller  56:39
yeah, no, it's absolutely necessary. So, and I'm thinking, there's some kind of this one's This one's fun too. I want to get it to labor and concrete as well.

Speaker 1  56:52
Let's. Let me show you where it comes in on the building. So there's a blue line there. Yep, there's where concrete comes in. That would be just for this group. I think this, you'd call this a group, but the manure storage has concrete and a building construction labor just above it. You scroll up to next group. This so lean to generator shed the concrete for this, I think, would just be in the building, as well as the labor screw up water shader. Here it is that that one has construction and concrete in it. Some of these do and some of these do not. Some of them are just in with the building.

Matthias Miller  57:42
Sure

Speaker 1  57:44
water, and if you see there, I stop there, there in the M and N column, there's, there's even across from construction labor and concrete, those numbers are, will have a positive number. That will mean deduct this amount. Got it. If they're turned off, they're Ha, they'll have the amount in just, just like 30,000 number, right? But then they'll deduct, will deduct the same amount that the purpose of that is to get our GC amount. My vision for the unified would would have been to to not have the GC calculation can be done another way, as what my opinion was that it was like that before I came came on. It this way was done before, before I came on. My opinion was that the TC calculation can be done off to the side, and shouldn't have to be put in and then deducted back out. I would, I my in, in my vision, I wrote it down that it would have an absolute sum column, that if it's in that column, it's included no matter what. And also, I would hope to to do the filtering in the for the cover sheet, for the contract verbiage to be based on if, if it has a number other than zero, it would that that row or that verbiage would be visible, right? Because now it's possible to have something on the cover sheet that's not in the calculation,

Matthias Miller  59:45
right? So, okay, the reason why, the reason why you still calculate labor and labor. Both labor and concrete may be excluded or just labor. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:00:04
that's something that that is often, that's a big decision for the customer sometimes, or it's something quite common, that they either want the whole thing, or they they don't want the anything of it, sure that they'll want to price, maybe with concrete, without concrete, with labor, without labor, right?

Matthias Miller  1:00:25
So and so your vision would be that you can generate the quote, see what the labor would be if it would be included, but not have the master cover actually included and deducted again. Sometimes

Speaker 1  1:00:44
they just, they'll ask for just include the price with the they'll just want to note in with the when they get the contract back to send to the customer. So they can say, send the contract and say, If we add concrete. It'll add this much, right? I

Speaker 1  1:01:27
The top two are basically the building. It uses the H 40 number if it's if it's a solid side wall barn. It used the the next one down at the bottom of that group. I guess you call it h 80, if it's a curtain side wall or a solid bypass, the labors same. I think on or, or else it changes the group. A bill a little bit. I

Matthias Miller  1:02:03
Okay, so pulling in the size, pulling in

Speaker 1  1:02:17
largely the the rate is in the i column, and then it's calculated by E and F. Kind of how it is, pretty much.

Matthias Miller  1:02:29
And then these are,

Matthias Miller  1:02:36
so when do so on the yellow cells, how often would they just go, go through and put in zeros for things they want to exclude? Or does that get used?

Speaker 1  1:02:53
Well, I think the E column has the formulas. Mostly Okay, it'll have a zero in the E column, probably with the salesman. Don't mess with this sheet, pretty much not, and even quoting doesn't have to do a lot in this is, this is fairly automated, unless There's something, something odd. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:03:34
Like this from right I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:03:44
down the bottom, then there's the equipment labor,

Matthias Miller  1:03:52
yeah, yeah, all right, so equipment labor, okay, so now in the building labor, okay? And most of these would in some way translate to back to something on the building, RFQ. And most of the rates would be some kind of potentially, well, I mean square, linear, foot rate, potentially, or, I don't know, yeah, about right, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:04:27
some of them by the how many doors sure bring framing is so much per door on some of the stuff. One thing I didn't finish pointing out go to go to the building. Tab again, down the bottom. Show you where so 1043 through 1054 is kind. Kind of, kind of where it's brought the groups, I think you'd say, are brought together. And in the C column there's a quantity so, so there's just one bird area, one, one egg. Room zero external service. Room zero water room 118, by eight. So if you'd have two bird areas, there'd be a two in the C 1043, and down and 60 and 1061, there'd be one bird that there'd be two bird area equipment, one egg room equipment, and two building. The the egg room this, this where we got messed up. We also had no I think that what messed us up was there was a egg Packer in the egg room equipment, miss, Mr. Customer didn't want an egg room, but he did want a packer. So we we turned the packer on, and we over in contact info. We said he doesn't want an egg room, so and it was in the egg room, so the egg room was zero, even though the packer came in on the equipment side, but over here, where it puts everything together, it didn't put egg room equipment in because we told it that he doesn't want an egg room so, but it wasn't included in The price. That was when we kind of shortly after we we brought things together in this way, the and the reason for it was so we can quote double barns basically before. I'm not sure. They might just use two different templates. Maybe, I'm not sure how it was done exactly, and we still sometimes will do that, if to bring things together, if it's two different sizes of bird areas, and then maybe in a retrofit scenario, I

Matthias Miller  1:07:24
so I mean, but fundamentally, you may be in the case of packer, you would just typically, in the example you gave, you would just consider that kind of like a one off for self use equipment. Or,

Speaker 1  1:07:38
I think we change the logic and the there the quantity that D, 1061 I'm not sure what it is, right now. Okay, no, it's a C, 1060 1c. 1061

Speaker 1  1:08:02
looks like if, if and on point of contact information, that's where that equipment is. If it's it's if it's not included at zero. Otherwise, if it's if there's a yes anywhere in equipment, RFQ in 311 to 357 then it's a one. Otherwise, I No, it checks for y, and then it's a one, otherwise zero. But instead of just just a zero, if there's no agreeing, okay, that that logic is, I'd say, fairly relevant, and the way it's done now, I Yeah. Matthias, how much did you build on in Excel?

Matthias Miller  1:08:52
I've done very little. I had access to building software early on, and so I've never really been forced to, you know, just very simple things, but I've never really pushed, pushed the capabilities of Excel.

Speaker 1  1:09:17
Yeah, the formulas make sense to you? Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:09:21
yes, yes, yeah. I understand. I understand quite well how it works, and

Speaker 1  1:09:30
what language do you use for the most part.

Matthias Miller  1:09:35
So I use a lot of well on the silver limb platform, we have our own expression language. That's, I mean, it's somewhat similar to excel in. I do a lot of if it's if it's extending or beyond the silver limb platform, there's a lot of Python, lot of JavaScript. But. And they use, currently, primarily Python, if you can scoot beyond that, in HTML and JavaScript, if it needs some kind of web interface, or even any interface at all, typically it's all I do, all interfaces, web based. And then way back in the day, early days, I started learning, learning, coding in Pascal, and then moved to C and then moved to C Plus Plus after that, and spent, I don't even know what it was, first four years of my career doing C Plus Plus development.

Speaker 1  1:10:44
I have a brother that does software development for mid state special egg. He He took Excel quite far, like almost two of them did, did a lot in VBA this I've been doing quite a bit in VBA as well. But I don't feel like I'm very well versed in it. I largely record and copy and paste. And sure, I'm learning more and more and that there's a there's another guy in the company that that helps me. He he he does pretty good in VBA and and C sharp, but he's in drafting. But he, he also does, does tools in between. And

Matthias Miller  1:11:36
the big challenge that I run into with or that we run into in Excel, and especially, I don't know if I can quite know how to explain it, but even with VBA, what is it? Okay, this is I'll make a very philosophical statement, and then I'll explain how it applies to excel. The very philosophical statement is that when you have a highly creative person, their problem is not what they what they actually need isn't more room. They need less room. The more creative you are, the more you need containment and boundaries. Excel has wide open fields, or fields not as software, but it's a wide open playing field. And the challenge is that you have it's it's difficult to it can be difficult to say this is the exact place where things go, everything in this column, or these sets of columns, or these sets of rows, this range has to work this particular way, has to have this particular value and and I think, I think the challenge we've seen, well, I think there's one of the one of the challenges that we've run into with Excel is it's just the It is the problem of adding, adding new

Speaker 1  1:13:22
So would you say there's, there's another guy that that came in, worked for us, building tools, and then he, he quit. But one of the things that he said that stuck with me, he's just a young guy, but he, heard it somewhere, is consistency over configuration? Is that maybe, kind of the the issue that that people tend to not be consistent in Excel? Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:13:50
it is. And like, to your point, there's a conventional software done well, there's a drive towards what is the underlying structure that information needs to be stored in, and how do those pieces relate? So to your point, which you would, you would, you've been noticing is that equipment, RFQ and building RFQ are fundamentally very similar. And so how do we how do we unify and simplify building any and even your I think your insight about the flow of information, having having clear, clear boundaries that are clear distinctions, this communicates to that, communicates to that. And in conventional software with with kind of a database structure, you're forced to. Yeah. I mean, I'm not saying you're forced, but because you can that way. Yeah, but it's, it's everything's with the mindset of, like, let's unify as much as possible. Let's find the underlying pattern. Let's build off of that. The go back

Speaker 1  1:15:18
to the equipment. Actually, I did, did the same thing in here, if you click in g1, the building the RFQs, and show you the way I did. I redid the filtering from A to J. I got a greater level of consistency in how, how that's done. I even labeled it, you know this, this column is has custom stuff in it. I wanted to make sure everything is either static or formula. I didn't get quite there, but so in the static the header column, I mark it if it's a header, and then over in Formula, the B column, there's header, then it's this. Marks it whether it's the first one or how we're in the sequence. It is. Over in the i column, or IRG. Can't remember which I made. So it it looks it looks up header and then the sequence number and checks whether it checks whether the over an M is a true or false. And what I did is made, made so all my formulas can be seen because used to it when we'd add a row, we maybe copied it from another component, pasted it in, forgot to change where it's it's checking if it's if the header row is a true or false. So it was based on a on the wrong header,

Matthias Miller  1:16:59
true. Basically, yep.

Speaker 1  1:17:04
So I think I kind of have the picture of you want all this whole column formulas should be the same. Something my my brother, that went more to coding, told me, is well, or he influenced me to to use tables. Well, I never changed this thing into a table. In a table in Excel, you just have to change the formula in one place, and the whole column updates and changes to that formula.

Matthias Miller  1:17:38
Yep. There's also ways going forward with Excel work, if you would look into dynamic array formulas, I just

Speaker 1  1:17:54
think I tried that in one of these columns, and it did it, it the way I did it, it, it made a

Speaker 1  1:18:10
dependence. I can't, can't think of what it's called. It was dependent on itself, and it didn't work, and I didn't, didn't try to do i i Just change it one place and probably paste it down for now.

Matthias Miller  1:18:23
Sure, Yep, that's right. So one of the big relationships I don't know that I've fully grasped, so we have

Matthias Miller  1:18:38
the solid sidewall versus curtain sidewall. Where does that get? Is this? Is that on here somewhere?

Speaker 1  1:18:44
Yes, uh, 1718, and 19. So there's a, there's a button in the icon. There's, there's, actually, it's a macro button. Got it that just switches the sidewall type.

Matthias Miller  1:18:59
And what all does that change?

Speaker 1  1:19:03
So, basically, so go. So in the in the labor piece, it's, it's either using the one or the other. I think the group or the component maybe changes slightly within itself, but the curtain and the bypass solid the 18 and 19 are more similar than the solid side was. It has it. It has a liner panel on the inside, though, and it has the trusses are a little different, more different framing, so it'll be using one or the other from the Labor then go to the building tab.

Speaker 1  1:19:49
So in the am column you see that bypass solid sidewall. Yep, big. So it'll use that. So. Um component, I guess if, if it's bypass, solid bypass, solid side well, the next one there, the purple that area, if it's the solid side wall, down the the blue area, if it's curtain sidewall, there we go. That's the main difference. I think it would be that that those three areas in the building, and then the and the labor, that would be the one or the other, that of those groups. And I feel like we should probably be using the same group for the labor at least, and just changing the group I'm I'm not sure.

Matthias Miller  1:20:49
I wonder how much of this, okay, if I had to, if if something, if you came to me and you said, Okay, now you've, I mean, we've walked through this spreadsheet. And now tell me very simply, what is the very core essence of this? Well, the very core essence is that you have a master RFQ list. You have, you have, I don't know if this, this gives us the depth that we need, but you have, potentially, I don't know we need something probably even, potentially even a level up from a group. So I don't know what you call that, but you know the bird area equipment, and then you have, you have a group with one or more components, and then somewhere not visible to the salesperson is a salesperson view. You might even conceivably have a, actually, you could do this. Imagine if you had a view that was a, a sales view versus a, I don't know what you want to call it detail view, and it would show the parts, the relevant parts nested even one layer deeper than this, and you could then show pricing columns off to the right. Maybe that's not the quite right, quite right way to do it. And each of the parts then have labor, either labor and or a parts cost. Or maybe there's parts where there's there's labor. Well, you have part of our labor, items that are part of a component, or something along those lines. But that's the this, this becomes, if you're starting from ground zero, from ground zero, this, this type of a view that can be expanded down into parts. Is, is a fundamental is, is a way that you could look at at this, at its very core, very hard.

Matthias Miller  1:23:22
It's very hard. No. I mean, sorry, I meant, at the heart of it, what I'm saying, like, Oh, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:23:29
So one way you'd say it, the RFQs are the inputs, and the the end result is the master cover. That's what we print,

Matthias Miller  1:23:38
right? And I think, I think I think one thing that would be very helpful in terms of visualizing the RFQ is it's like a expand and collapse outline, I mean, and you just go one layer deeper, deeper, deeper, until you get down to the granular details. It gives you the pricing. So I think if it's set up like that, it's configurable like that, where you say, where you're able to configure in the system, what are the assemblies, what are the components, what are the parts? What's the labor on the respective pieces? And then add, add parts, deactivate old ones, build. I think potentially what we might do is be able to have two types of quotes, basically real quotes and template quotes. And you just copy a template if you want to, if you want to build from a standard, from standard. Well, that's something else to think about. Anyway. Here's the bottom line, I don't I think, I think the goal of this, if I understand it correctly, the goal of this conversation, we did get into the weeds of what kind of the design direction, but the goal of this conversation was really to decide, do we, do we spend the. Do you spend the extra month, month on it or not? Or, do we just go into designing, what, designing the quoting software? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:25:08
that's one, definitely one thing I wanted to get out of this.

Matthias Miller  1:25:13
Okay, is there anything else that you wanted to get out of

Unknown Speaker  1:25:19
this kind of a maybe kind of a time frame for one, and I wanted to hear from you that, yes, it's quite possible, and it's going to be

Speaker 1  1:25:38
fairly nimble. As far as making changes, that's probably kind of a large answer for for you to give me at this point. I don't know how you how you see it,

Matthias Miller  1:25:54
yeah, so here, here's the way that I'm I would envision it, and if, if you don't mind too much, I'm going to, I'm going to keep talking and throw breakfast burrito in the microwave. So, so the way that you fundamentally think about this is we are looking for the core underlying structure that's going to fit everything that you need to do, and give you enough of an out when you get to things that you need to customize, and all of the configuration when it comes to things like all the components, parts, assemblies, etc. Well, you will have full control to be able to make those types of changes and and so the biggest I am not concerned that we can't get the core system customizable for 95% the question that we will have to get through. And realistically, there's nothing in here that says where I have it, not in my stomach. And I say, man, we're really going to paint ourselves into a corner here. There is very likely, you know, where is the friction point going to be? You guys are used to be being able to say, All right, this isn't quite right, but if we need to push out this quote, I don't know if you do this. I don't know if other people do this, but we can just override this thing right over here, stomp over some kind of formula, and we kind of have a backdoor out of the situation. And so part of the design process is going to be around the question of, where are, what are the what are the ways when things aren't standard, and do we have an acceptable out in those cases? And again, I think that's very solvable. I'm not I'm not super worried about that, but we have to build that in. We have to build in some mechanism for you to be able to do the appropriate, appropriate overrides. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  1:28:37
One other thing I want to make sure I don't know if that's a big thing or not. I guess you kind of got the gist of what the if it's a standard what that's doing it. In other words, it's just allowing you to change certain things. We have a place where, you know, where we put in standard option, just that those two words, and it filters down to those, those several options, those are the things that are allowed to be changed and still be called a standard. That's that's something else we want. We would want to have a feature that's that does this accomplishes the same thing, right? Then it, it applies the discount if it's still standard, if, if it's changed to custom bar, and it takes the discount away. Actually, the the discount thing, uh,

Speaker 1  1:29:46
it would be good to have it be built a little differently, that it would compare the parameters.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:55
I mean, that's, that's something I can't hardly, uh. Uh, picture how that it would be possible to do it, but

Speaker 1  1:30:04
compare the parameters. And even if it's not in the standard mode, it would still recognize it as a standard if, if all, if everything matches and and apply the discount, if, as long as everything matches, and if, if one thing is not, it would take out the discount. Another thing we had talked about, but it's one, one reason we it's hard to do it is, is because of, it's just hard to build a tool like that is, is, uh, have standard groups, but not as not configured in the standard way. You know, for instance, have have a standard generator shed, but have it on the opposite side of the building than normal, and still have a discount for that but, but the discount would be less and and, or have discounts per standard component. If you have a standard bird area but a non standard egg room, that you'd get the discount just for the standard building. The push behind standards is, you know, inventory, drafting, quoting, uh, it's supposed to save us in those areas, right?

Matthias Miller  1:31:51
Where we're

Matthias Miller  1:32:11
where's the the dimension, the location of the, yeah, where does that guess?

Unknown Speaker  1:32:20
That's actually not specified anywhere in the quote. Which side is the dot determines if whether it gets a right back or a left back packer. It's the Packers configured differently depending on

Speaker 1  1:32:39
which it's really more pertaining to the cooler, but the dock is the side of the cooler, and the front or side dock location, you might be able to come up with better, a better description of that than that, but that, the next question is whether the dock is on the side or in the front. And if it's in the side there. It adds some labor, maybe a little bit materials to you. For if, if the dock has to be out the side because it has to be framed and has to be built differently, Na is for if, if they're they don't have an egg room.

Matthias Miller  1:33:19
Sure, so there's potentially a world. Is there? Is there a world in which this could become some kind of item of some kind at whatever level with options, sub options like,

Speaker 1  1:33:45
like, just have a single drop down with right side and left side and right and a left front and right and left back, or right and left side and front. Are you talking about that kind of thing?

Matthias Miller  1:34:00
Yeah. And potentially, like, could that I don't know there's not really you said that affects the cooler and the packer, right? Yes.

Speaker 1  1:34:16
Combining those, those questions wouldn't really be a big deal to me, I don't see a big advantage on that wouldn't be,

Matthias Miller  1:34:27
don't really see a big disadvantage. Where does it? Where's the cooler in the packer, on the on here,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:32
packer is right close to your cursor.

Matthias Miller  1:34:34
Oops, there it is. There's a packer

Speaker 1  1:34:39
over to in Q, the Q column. And some of the double barns have two packers, and there'll be a right and a left for if, if they have two packers, and that that gives over a. More to the right, there's a place where there's a The part number for each actually the v column, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:35:11
And then where's the cooler at?

Speaker 1  1:35:16
The cooler isn't, doesn't, isn't specified right or left, just it would be all we have for the cooler. Basically is, is the the interior wall of it, sometimes there's two walls, if they have a hallway between the bird area and the cooler. Otherwise, there's just, just one wall. Otherwise the the other three walls are partition wall and exterior walls. And we we get a dimension to foam, to spray foam it.

Matthias Miller  1:35:54
So I guess my point was, could this be, could we have a packer configuration option here where you pick one of those four options for six options, salesman

Unknown Speaker  1:36:08
is bound to pick the wrong one. Makes sense. That's why we automated that.

Matthias Miller  1:36:20
No, I mean, okay, no, you would have, you would have an option that is named, you know, left front, right front, whatever those options are. You'd have an option that the dock location. You would have a dock location option, right side, left side, left front, right front, etc. And then, and then, and then. And that would be, that would be another row in here that you would select first and then, when you select based on the one you select, you would then have a second option for the specific Packer that you need based on the configuration, left or right.

Speaker 1  1:37:03
I'm not, I'm not quite getting the difference, except I'm maybe hearing that you'd, you'd have the dot location right by the with the packer selection, Yep,

Matthias Miller  1:37:13
that's right. And the, I mean, I think it's probably good if you don't hear the difference, the difference is, now we don't have some kind of special thing off over here. That's the dock location, but we we fit it all into the same it's the same as any other time when you have based on on one selection here, other things become available down below. So it's the same as this. You would select it and then, and so now we have it fits the pattern of what we're doing over into here. And it's not, not this one off thing off to the side that's

Unknown Speaker  1:37:55
so would you like to see that more of that stuff in a different I don't

Matthias Miller  1:38:02
know. I think that's probably the biggest. That's potentially the biggest one

Speaker 1  1:38:10
that That, to me, is a small thing. I don't care if, if the dock location is moved to hacker selection area.

Matthias Miller  1:38:22
I think the Yeah, I think stuff like the oh,

Matthias Miller  1:38:47
okay, makes sense. I don't know that we that answers, answers my question there. Okay, so then the other question you had was, time frame. Is that fair? Yep. Well, I

Matthias Miller  1:40:03
All right. Well, for myself, personally, I am mostly booked out for the next two weeks,

Matthias Miller  1:40:15
if we could, and I think this is going to be an extensive I just think that for us to do the for us to do the design well and have it be something that fits the needs, there's a lot of details and nuance in in this and and nuance, like, just like some I don't know, so variability, and small little things that that I think could easily get, get missed, and sort of things sideways.

Matthias Miller  1:41:14
Don't know, I

Matthias Miller  1:41:25
I mean, off the cuff, I'm gonna say, I feel like I'm really shooting, shooting from the hip here, but it's, it's, it's more than it's, it's more than, well, it's for sure, more than a month it's for. It's more than two months. It's definitely less than six months, and where it fits between that I

Matthias Miller  1:42:04
uh, it's still at the Okay. In

Matthias Miller  1:42:14
my mind, there's still a lot of unknowns in this project and and it's really going to take the time to dig deep into to we've, we've dug fairly well into what this is now, but digging into what's the design of the new system, and how does, how? How does this information interrelate? And does that actually meet the needs of what you need on a day to day basis, that's going to be a big that's going to be a big part of the project, and it might actually end up being a bigger piece of the project, or in this particular case, than actually building it. I get the sense that if we can nail that down, that the actual build could be could end up being relatively could end up being relatively simple.

Matthias Miller  1:43:19
I wonder. I'm not, but I'm not super, super comfortable giving you, giving you a perfect or giving you a locked in answer. So I wonder if best thing would be

Matthias Miller  1:43:41
if I would touch base with Ellis and and next week he and I, I give him a little bit of a high level overview of what we're looking at. He and I dialog a little bit about what we really think a timeframe is. I

Speaker 1  1:44:06
one thing that, I mean, I think you kind of got it, but we need to make so there's not so much room for human error and and so that we have the confidence once it's done that, that it doesn't need to be in depth, reviewed, uh, check for mistakes, uh, kind of, kind of make. So it's automatically reviewed. The part that that's maybe less realistic on that is even, even what we have sometimes there's, it's just filled out, wrong? I mean, right, some of the stuff you you just know that if, if this is this way, the the other thing is, can't be that way, so that in a program that we could maybe avoid some of that probably not all. All that well,

Matthias Miller  1:45:01
it depends. I don't know what else is, appetite is for this in terms of a system that he maintains. So this, this is an Off The Record comment and and I but it's, it's, it's enough to prove that it's something that's worth doing, that there could be you're comfortable enough with kind of coding and rules and stuff like that, that we could potentially come up with a rules engine that lets you configure some of these custom rules to say, if you have a building you know, that looks at the quote and looks at different attributes of the quote, and kind of do an if this, then that. If this, then that. And I

Speaker 1  1:45:44
wondered if you'd have a way to to allow us to do some, some of the formulas. But when I, whenever I think of that, I'm I wonder if, I wonder if we're just going back to spreadsheets.

Matthias Miller  1:45:56
You're not. I mean, so here, but, here's what I would envision. I think, I think things like spreadsheets, well, I think you have to do things manually before you can automate them. I mean, this is true across the board. It's very difficult, unless you have somebody experienced in a job. It's very difficult to delegate, delegate a job you've never done before, so you can either hire for experience, or you can go learn it to make sure that the job actually gets done right. And it's the same way with the business process. You wouldn't have been able to build the Excel or it would have been more painful to build the Excel sheet if you didn't have some kind of paper voting, whatever paper quoting you had prior to this, it would have been more difficult. We would have had less context to while you doing the Excel thing really helped you kind of flesh out what, what it is that you're looking for. Now there's a translation problem. Translating that into into software is is a challenge that that's our responsibility to solve for you guys, but the same is true on these rules. So we might say, Look, you could, you could actually just do this as a custom report. You could, we could give you just enough scaffolding to show you how to build a custom report that builds the rules for it. And then, and then, and then, we could have a follow up conversation and say, let's look at these. And what are the common rules, types of rules that you're applying? And well, we could, we could make this standard so, so, and we might even uncover this in the design, and maybe it's this is as simple as on a per at a per item basis, whether it's a part or certain level or something like that, there's a rule that says that this can't exist with this other thing or or something along those lines, or that, that if this exists, then it must have this other thing, or, you know, some common patterns. Now, there might be other things too that are just like, all right, if the building is this wide and it's this particular configuration, and it's an and it's and it's Amish configuration, then you can't have this one little weird thing over there. And maybe we'll find that there's some kinds of parts of those review that you can't standardize but, but if you are, if you have a if you have a healthy laziness and we make you responsible for reviewing these things, then you can review it, and you can say, ah, that's wrong, and I'm going to go write a rule that would have caught it. And and then you start telling sales people, Look, I'm not even going to look at your thing until you clean up any any of these rules that that are triggering. And before long, then you've worked yourself out of a job, and you've got a comprehensive rule engine. We can figure out how to, how to standardize it a little bit so it's maintainable long term. And, you know, it isn't, doesn't end up just being another

Speaker 1  1:49:18
is that a word that distracted me. Alright, two words, healthy laziness. I was it's kind of like the the word I was looking for, and I make I'm writing it down. I've said before that you need one lazy guy on the team.

Matthias Miller  1:49:42
I gotta tell you this, hang on, you're gonna love this. You're gonna let me. Let me find this. There's a there's a matrix. Let's see, see if I can find. Line this lazy matrix.

Matthias Miller  1:50:13
All right, That's not there. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:50:26
all right, I'm

Matthias Miller  1:50:48
right? The Von Manstein matrix. It's even better that it's German. So Field Marshal Eric Von Manstein was the head of the German army in the Second World War. So there were four types of army officers. There's the lazy, stupid ones. Okay, so, so just set aside the point calling people stupid. But I think you get the point. Lazy stupid ones. Leave them alone. They do no harm. They're the hard working intelligent ones, so they make excellent staff officers making sure that every detail is properly considered. There are hard working, stupid ones, and these are the people that are a menace and must be fired at once because they create irrelevant work for everybody. And then there are the intelligent, lazy ones, and they are suited for the highest office. So he basically said, Go find the the lazy, intelligent ones and promote them as high as high as you can. So

Unknown Speaker  1:51:46
can you share that with me via Zulu,

Matthias Miller  1:51:49
yeah, let me see, and

Speaker 1  1:51:51
I'm going to share, I'm going to share you. I'm going to just the snip of my vision for unified code template in case, in case, that gives you any other insight. I didn't. Didn't realize till yesterday that why didn't I just checked, since we were on the call, if you're on, just found out yesterday.

Matthias Miller  1:52:20
Let's see All right, there's that. Make sure you get the right ear hole. There we go. There's the matrix.

Speaker 1  1:52:32
That is interesting. That's, that's, yeah, kind of a point that I couldn't put my finger on.

Matthias Miller  1:52:39
It's not a point that that typically resonates deeply with, again, our very hard working upbringing culture, yeah, but it's, but, I mean, but it is true. And there's, it's, it's also just true that we've, we've been gifted in different ways and learning to use that in a way that that serves other people. Yeah, all right, so I'm going to size this down so I can put this into my document.

Speaker 1  1:53:08
Another point to that. It's, it's not even necessarily laziness, but I just kind of, I'm learning that human, the human brain, has only so much capacity. I mean, sure, some have more capacity than others, but you got you gotta organize things in order to to be able to comprehend things. Yes, if, if everything's scattered far and wide, you you try to to comprehend the whole thing, but, but you got to break it down for yourself. You got to make it easy for yourself.

Matthias Miller  1:53:48
Yes, yeah, that's very true. And the same also applies to organizations. So it's, it's, it's hard for organizations. Well, I wanted one of the guys that I've followed through, throughout, throughout my journey this this one not super closely, but he's made some interesting points. One of his quotes is that that simplicity scales and complexity creates constraints, and I think the more that an organization grows, the more well, each stage, many times, stages of growth are unlocked by some level of simplification.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:34
Can you repeat the quote? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:54:36
here I'll just, I'm going to look at the exact quote, and I'll actually send it to you in Zulu as well, see if I can. I'm pretty sure I've got this. I.

Matthias Miller  1:55:11
See I'm

Matthias Miller  1:55:28
you go,

Speaker 1  1:55:33
simplicity scales and complexity creates constraints. What's the simplicity scales? Not getting that

Matthias Miller  1:55:41
sure simplicity. It just means, this is from a guy. His focus for a number of years was on consulting frameworks to help companies grow scaling companies. And so basically, what he means is that, and there's times when he's actually quoted saying that simplicity scales naturally. And so what he means is that if you can make it simple, the more you can reasonably simplify, the more it'll naturally grow, and the more complexity it is complete. Complexity keeps it

Speaker 1  1:56:19
Oh, and so, scales is a verb. It's verb some, in other words, simplicity will make you scale. Or yes,

Matthias Miller  1:56:27
okay, yes, yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:31
So you just, you just flat, need to be a good organizer.

Matthias Miller  1:56:35
Oh, yeah, I think so. And I think, I think the world in this, I mean, this gets pretty well, not everybody has to be. You would you would be. You would be in a sorry. Let me see where you pull this stuff together. You need people who don't, in my opinion, you need people who, there are people who think about the work and there are people who, okay, let's put it on a spectrum, people who think about the work and people who do the work and and often times, one of the reasons why blue collar Businesses often aren't have a lot of opportunity for improvement, is that blue collar businesses are started by people who do the work naturally, and then you have people on the other end of the spectrum who think about the work, and those are the people where, if they're not plugged into a world where there are people doing the work, they're out of work. They don't have anything do. And so you need this blend. If you you need this force of people who they don't really, actually want to think about the work. They just want to go get stuff done and then, but then they need, I mean, you need each other. They need people who are who are willing to think about the work and say, Look, I see you guys doing X, Y and Z all the time. And man, we could simplify this. We could, I mean, just to your point, what you guys are doing as a company. We could create standard packages. And if we created standard pack packages, we could reduce complexity in All of these different processes.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:21
Yeah. That makes sense. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:58:45
Do you? Do you kind of have a vision of two different ways you could go? One, one way that would be, that we'd build a lot of the logic, and the other way that is that you would, or

Speaker 1  1:59:05
how would you say it was kind of hoping you would come back with with some proposals and some some more visual show us what what you're thinking,

Matthias Miller  1:59:21
sure of

Speaker 1  1:59:25
like after, not Not today, not in this meeting, necessarily, but maybe after you talk to us, and whatever else you need to do to kind of map out a picture like you did, kind of, maybe not as, not as in depth, but maybe a little bit what you did on the I saw, what you came up for our ERP, are you

Matthias Miller  1:59:51
thinking of write up, or a more of a or like an actual visual demonstration of what it might

Speaker 1  1:59:59
be? Just. Just a sort of a visual, not not in depth, just just a little bit of a visual, maybe a weak place you could go, if you think, think of it like that. Yeah, I think I

Matthias Miller  2:00:32
I guess, I think, I think the visual would end up being very similar to the RFQ, okay, fundamentally, that's that, to me, makes sense and and I think the the real key here is actually not the visual, it's how things are structured under the hood, so that, instead of using one off formulas, you can you can be able to set up and configure items to say, this item. I'm using items very loosely, just to but this. These are how these items relate to each other. So you would have a the one thing that's missing here in the Excel spreadsheet is the configuration. Kind of a item configuration, it's a little bit challenging at this point to give you too much of a visual, because there's enough, typically, to really get a good visual. I think in a project of this scope, we might end up spending, spending, spending, spending a day or two together to really tease apart the depths of this, because there's, there is, I A Yeah, even, even on some of our projects, it's not until we've spent a few weeks really fleshing out some of the details. So we can certainly see about putting something like that together. I can see how that'd be helpful.

Speaker 1  2:02:17
We've kind of, I'm not sure what the next step is, if it's not that

Matthias Miller  2:02:23
the next step, I think the next step, if it's not that there really does need to be more in depth conversation and in depth thought on our end about what is the what is the underlying structure that this information fits into? And that's a matter of us asking, continuing to probe and ask questions and play around with how these things are are structured in a way that it can be well represented, and it is possible that there's some of that stuff that we can put together between now and and next time we talk, I wish

Matthias Miller  2:03:18
I would have a good analogy for this. I

Matthias Miller  2:03:31
Yes, the equivalent, it's the equivalent process is something like this. Let's say that you're working with a team of four people, and the only thing that you get is a list of all of all of the tasks that they do on a weekly, monthly and quarterly basis, and it's just, it's just a big list, and this person does that, and this person does that, and this person does that, and this person does that, and this person does that, and the work gets done. And so you have an end picture of this is the work that gets done. And then you say, yes, but this is chaotic, and it's hard to run and hard to manage. And so somebody sits down and says, All right, well, it would make more sense if Joe would do this, and it would make more sense if we would do these things at this time. It'd make more sense if Tom would do this, and he could do these pieces. And so now we have kind of this category of work and this category of work, it would make sense if these two people would kind of work together. It'd make sense if we would set up a time for these people to talk about about this stuff and and it'd be useful if, if Joe wouldn't spend his time doing this, but there's a way that he could do it more efficiently if he would do this before that you. End, so So then, and so you organize how they're working, how they work together, what they do, and you get to the end, and at the end, you make a list of what everybody does, and everybody's still doing the same thing. It's it's better organized. It's less likely because it's better organized. It's less likely to have human human error. They're easier to put checks and balances in place. And it's a very rough analogy,

Matthias Miller  2:05:40
but the the messy metal that we need to go through that we've just dipped our toes in the water on, is that messy middle of sorting through all of those individual pieces and finding a good way to organize them from an from a software standpoint, and when we get to The other end, then what the software looks like is going to naturally emerge from that. And you'll get to the end, and you'll be like, you should say, Oh, this makes so much sense. It's there are some changes from how we used to think about it before. But it's simpler, it's easy to use. It makes sense. And at the end of the day, we're actually going to get exactly the same things done. We're going to get the same outputs, but it's going to be done in a way that is is easier to manage and and has some of these additional tools, like, you know, ways to handle standard I mean, maybe the better example is, you had this team of four people, you want to bring two more people on the team, and it's, it's just going to be chaotic. Those four people are still going to get all those same tasks done. We're just creating capacity to add two more people to the team without just making it more, making ad manageable. So I'm happy to see what, see what we could do in a visual.

Matthias Miller  2:07:11
But, but very, very likely next steps are going to be for for us to have some more extended conversations to okay, I'm

Speaker 1  2:07:20
not set on a visual. Just I was, I should have just asked, what is the next step? Well,

Matthias Miller  2:07:27
that's fine, yeah, let me talk with Ellis, and let's figure out the proper roadmap on this. And and we'll be, we'll be in touch with you. And, yeah, but it's still helpful to know if there's something like that that would be useful to communicate that back to you.

Speaker 1  2:07:50
Good. So are you gonna Ellis said that it would be like eight to 12 and with a 90 minute break. I mean, obviously we already went, went up, we're nine minutes. But are you going to want to take a break and be back today or, I mean, I, I'm keeping my morning open till 12 o'clock.

Matthias Miller  2:08:16
Sure. Let me, let's, uh, potentially, yes. Let me we weren't sure exactly how much time we were going to need for this, for this part of it, can I just message you on, on Zulu on that? Yep, yeah,

Speaker 1  2:08:39
I'll just keep the Zoom computer and and we can jump back on if we need to. If you Okay.

Matthias Miller  2:08:46
All right, sounds good. I'll update you. I'll update you either way. Let me, let me, let me. Yeah, we'll dig into this a little bit on our end, and I'll let you know either way. All right, sounds good, good. Nope, awesome. I appreciate it, and we'll we'll be in touch. Yep, all right, goodbye, see you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai