Speaker 1  00:24
Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Melanie, how are you? I'm great. How are you? I'm doing, well, good, good, good, awesome. Good.

Unknown Speaker  00:43
Brent sent me a message, no, so he should be joining. All right, open,

Unknown Speaker  01:01
that's my understanding. How's your week been?

Matthias Miller  01:05
It's been intense. We have my wife and I and like five other people put on, like, this Vacation Bible School for the community. Like, it's like, kind of a community event. Yeah, have 202 30 kids showing up each night this year. And

Unknown Speaker  01:27
that's amazing, yeah, just

Matthias Miller  01:28
growing pains from last year and like, and try to figure out it's just fun to say. I mean, first of all, fun to give kids a good time and all that. And then, yeah, all right, next year, how do we hit 300 or 350 here? What are we going to so?

Speaker 2  01:42
So that's a lot of people that I'm I would, I would guess you have to have there to help kind of keep them under wraps and focused.

Matthias Miller  01:49
Yeah, you do. And, I mean, you start thinking about it, you look at the numbers, it's like almost, you almost need one, one adult, for two, three kids by the time you, you orchestrate the whole evening. It sounds like a lot, but, I mean, runs better when you do that. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  02:08
for sure, I just

Speaker 3  02:10
turned that ratio one adult for every three kids depends on the kids. Man, that may not be enough, yeah.

Matthias Miller  02:18
Well, I mean, you have, you actually have, so you have, you have people leading activities. So we're talking about a vacation bible school that my wife, my wife and I put on every every week. So you have like, different people in charge of activities. And then you've got kind of packs of kids with, like each each adult is like four to six kids that are with them, and you go in packs and stuff like that. So it actually works quite well, but you always have that one kid who has to run off and, you know, hey, look, squirrel. Yeah, yes. So that was, that was a the kind of like the answer to how my week, my week's been. But how about you guys? Good.

Speaker 2  03:04
It's temperate here. We had 90 degrees over the weekend, spinning back in the 70s, but we'll be back in the 90 degrees this weekend, so we've officially hit the Utah summer. Yes, yeah.

Matthias Miller  03:21
Fun. Good. So I guess catch me up. We're Yeah,

Speaker 2  03:30
so we have had conversations with the three main CRMs that we're looking at. Brent and I met yesterday to start putting together the questions that we want answered from a features and capability standpoint for the official RFP, so I'll be composing that over the next few days, probably next Tuesday or Wednesday, have that wrapped up, so that we can get that sent out to the CRMs and then really do the comparison when they get all their answers back and see which one makes the most sense. Yep,

Matthias Miller  04:06
makes makes sense to me. Do you think there's, is there any, any room in this world where, what do you have any any initial reaction, what you think scope coverage is going to be like, like we'll get, we'll get 80% of what We want, 90% 95% 99

Speaker 4  04:41
little hard to tell. Yeah, yeah. I mean, you're, you're just saying Matthias, just based on the demos

Matthias Miller  04:46
we've seen, right? Yes, that's right. I mean,

Speaker 3  04:50
I think so, because what, what we're not doing is going out and and trying to to work with a. General provider of CRM software, or then trying to tailor that to the business we we are really looking at CRM providers who are largely folk. They have a strong focus on the RIA space, right, and so, from the perspective of key types of requirements. So integration with, you know, typical lead channels and lead channel software, which we talked about last time, and we definitely want to continue to dive into what is, what does integration mean? But workflow internally, you have pretty ubiquitous types of personas in an RIA, environment advisor, an associate advisor, some sort of back office or processing person, a compliance persona. So a lot of those things are going to be are pretty similar from everything that that we're seeing, which I think is, you know, provides a high degree of confidence, you know that a lot of those requirements are going to be met, as far as just the the within the CRM itself, the real opportunity is going to be how to, how effective are they truly at integrating across the different tools that we would be using. And I also think the sense of of the reporting capability and or integration with other types of reporting capabilities that would allow us to just to be able to really get enough insights into the business to be able to continue to to improve. And I have found that historically, I think a lot of the a lot of the reporting capability that CRM shops kind of build in, you know, there's the demo where, right, that they that they walk you through, where there's great visualizations and everything, but a lot of times it's not, you know, it may give you some good summary detail, but it doesn't give you insights. And so that is always one thing I'm looking out for. There was great, but we gotta be able to make sure that we can we can see what we need to see, too. So

Matthias Miller  07:09
yeah, I saw that actually on a software demo yesterday that I was doing with the client and the vendor had like number of leads and number of contacts and number of sales for this month, and it's very clearly like exactly what you said it. It's made to look pretty on the demo, but functionally useless. Yeah. So I mean but the event. But the upside of that is that I think as long as there's API access of some sort, even, even spending, you know, five to 50 grand, whatever it might end up being, to get custom, you know, sucking the data out into a data platform, a custom bridge is really not like, that's not, that's, that's a subsidiary, or, I don't know, a secondary system, and it's,

Speaker 3  08:11
it's definitely not a deal breaker. It's, you know, for us, but it is one of those things where, you know, there are some CRM platforms that it's not it, at least in my experience, like it seems a bit harder to be able to just, whether it's building a bridge right to a Power BI or something like that, you know, to be able to do the types of, you know, insightful reporting you want to. I've just, I've seen that be a little bit handicapped, and that's where I kind of took it back to the integration piece, even all with export data manually, right? You don't want to sign up to do that,

Matthias Miller  08:46
yeah? Well, I mean, and even with it again, like we're in this position where, even if it's just matter, I think, generally speaking, with a few exemptions, generally speaking, it's a matter of how, but, but there's still this, the How does have a big impact, because even with manual exports, I guess it depends whether you need, if you don't need, need real time reporting, if, if you can, you can deal with day old data or something like that. You can, you can batch and do other things like that. But what would what's, what would be I like what I'm hearing you guys are on a great track where I know we talked about last time, maybe be useful to review, for me to spend some time reviewing, reviewing some of the RFPs or like, what's what questions or to do it, or it sounds to me like there's not really much, much I can provide insight with, perhaps, besides perhaps reviewing the questions that you might have to send over to them and reviewing RFPs when they come back. But is there? And you guys want my help with that, or is there something else that we should be taking a look

Speaker 3  10:05
at? Man, I think so. So we, Melanie and I, based on just some of the recent demos we did, we, Melanie's starting the work of putting together the RFP document, but I think Matthias, what might be good there is Once that initial draft is ready, if maybe we could send that over to you, and there's a sense of just kind of, you know, giving a and we'll have that broken down into, you know, your fairly standard buckets of general system requirements, certain functional requirements, with the questions phrased in such a way that we're really trying to get, not just simple, yes, no answers, right? I mean, there's some of that that, yes, you want to make sure it's covered, but we want them to explain how they do it. You know, what are they showing? Provide certain examples to us, and it might be good just based on some of the experiences you've had, to be able to, you know, look at that through, through, through your lens as well, if there's the way certain questions are phrased, or if we've got, you know, something that we're potentially not, not, that we don't have on there, we've included some of the great insights that you, that you provided to us last time, which is going to be around things like, you know, ongoing support, their product roadmap, how do they, you know, in terms of their their client, product kind of engagement, and how do they determine what that roadmap looks like, and all those types of things. We want to make sure that that's definitely included size of clients, you know, that they typically have, so we can compare where we would be, so that that stuff will be in there. But I think that would be really helpful, from my perspective, yeah, give us that lens.

Matthias Miller  11:42
So if just to keep probably, I mean, just from a kind of a project management standpoint here, if you're looking to have that done to zero, Wednesday is,

Matthias Miller  12:07
see

Matthias Miller  12:16
When like is a next business day kind of thing good for you, or is there?

Unknown Speaker  12:26
Yeah, I think that's fine. Okay,

Matthias Miller  12:29
so if I, or I can have it for sure by, you know, buy some time on on Thursday and take a look at it and get it back to you by sometime on Thursday, if i As long as I have it by even by Wednesday sometime, that's should be fine. You

Unknown Speaker  12:46
think, Melanie,

Speaker 2  12:48
it should be for the initial draft. And, I mean, it's not going to be rough, like super rough. It's definitely gonna be an initial draft. I've got time already blocked off Monday, Tuesday, so being able to get that to you, if it's not early Wednesday, before end of day, business day Wednesday, so that you know if it's Thursday or even Friday, that you're able to get us your thoughts in response to it. Great.

Matthias Miller  13:10
Okay, well, let me, let me, I know. I know for sure. Fridays. I know for sure I can by Friday. I've got some time towards the end of the week, 30. Week, so, Thursday or Friday?

Speaker 4  13:28
Yeah, cool, right, great, good.

Matthias Miller  13:37
Well, anything else, yeah, yeah, I

Speaker 3  13:42
mean the only other things we're talking, we are still talking CRM system. We did have a conversation with mile marker, which is a, right, yeah, the data lake. But also kind of integration provide, provider they they do layer on top of the packaging. So it's basically snowflake instance that you own, which is nice to know. I mean, it's not some proprietary package they put together that you kind of really don't own your your data. If you did want to move away from them, you can take your snowflake instance and move on. So there's that. But they also, and they are, they're really built in in just like some of these CRM packages to focus on the RIA space. Yes, they've got some executive level visualization again, with all with whatever systems are in your tech stack that are connected to it, to allow you to be able to kind of have some of that reporting and overcome some of the chat, the inherent challenges that we just talked about with systems themselves, sometimes with reporting, so that that was pretty good. It's, it's relatively, I mean, speaking, it's pretty low cost. But, you know, there, there could be, I think, an independent RFP that we, we probably just want to send their way as well. That's not all the CRM questions. And it's probably just, you know, we can structure that out. Maybe that's knowledge send Matthias your way as well. If you've got some familiarity with some potential minefields around data lake providers and that type of thing, that might be helpful.

Speaker 2  15:15
Yeah, that would be helpful to be able to know the different questions that I would ask this particular single instance, versus the questions and things we're looking for with regards to CRM, right, yeah, I'm

Matthias Miller  15:28
trying to think if I've got, if I would even have any, any guidance right off the top of my head. I mean, I think I

Matthias Miller  15:46
the most you know it, it's going to be very similar type of thing where it's, you know, the types of questions are going to be, you know, what are standard executive reports that you provide? And then also, I don't know how much you guys plan to dig in, but when you've got really good managers, or a good CMO or something like that, you give them access to slice and dice data a million different ways. I mean, there's a really, there's a lot of stuff that bubbles to the surface that, you know, bridging the, here's the day to day business, and here's the data set. Like, that's really powerful. And so I'm not sure how much that you're wanting to do. I don't know how much of that mile marker lets you do, but and even, well, yeah, I mean that that if you can, and I don't know what all you could do from a from a data privacy standpoint, I know it's it's possible. I don't know what all it entails, but even having AI integrations that you can, you can run more in depth analyzes on on the data set, and then I'm assuming, I mean, and then beyond that, it's just the question of, I mean, if you, if you, if you have that, it really, if you have that, then nothing else matters. Because if you, if you really, if you really do have that, they can help you build out your own custom, custom dashboards with whatever specific to you guys. I just think I would, I would hate to say I've seen enough of the impact that that has on management leadership that I would, I would, I don't anticipate this being an issue, but I would hate to see it where it's you don't have that, that depth of insight. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  17:56
Cool, good. You know, I think that

Speaker 3  18:02
the RFP components, you know, associated with any, any other insights that you may think of along the way, I think would be be extremely helpful for us. I mean, beyond that, right? We get into a, we get into a time frame where, obviously we, we submit the RFPs out for response. We get those back, we'll obviously aggregate and kind of score, you know, the responses. But when it comes to thinking about things like, you know that integration planning and implementation plan, yeah, that will definitely be something, I think Matthias, if you, if you feel like you've got some, some some good potential insights there, I think would be helpful. Yeah, right, yeah.

Matthias Miller  18:45
I could, I could. I could definitely see that. I do see this place. I could. I could give some, some insight perspective for you guys. Cool, yep, all right, good, well, I will wait to I'll wait to hear from you. Melanie, Tuesday or Wednesday, whenever you get that over to me, and yeah, that back to you, then you're stay or Friday.

Speaker 2  19:12
Yeah, a question for you. Matthias, as I send this over to you, just the draft of the RFP itself, would it be helpful for you to, for me to also include just, you know, the expectations or our priority list, just so you can see what we're referencing, to generate the questions in the RFP. So if there's a rephrasing, if that's helpful to you, let me know, and I'm happy to include that as well. Yes,

Matthias Miller  19:34
that would be helpful to include. I'm also going to be referencing our conversations as well as I review that so, yes, okay,

Speaker 2  19:42
I'll include both for you. Good, great. I'll get that over to you Wednesday, if not sooner.

Unknown Speaker  19:49
Awesome. Sounds good.

Matthias Miller  19:53
Appreciate it. All

Unknown Speaker  19:55
right. Thank you so much.

Unknown Speaker  19:57
You bet. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai