Matthias Miller  00:48
Good morning. Mark, how are you this morning?

Unknown Speaker  00:53
I'm doing great this morning. Good. All right. Good.

Matthias Miller  01:18
All right, so here's my my thought this morning is,

Unknown Speaker  01:31
let's go,

Matthias Miller  01:36
let's go over a little bit of the plan, and let's do a high level walkthrough, and let's go get Twilio set up, or let's do demo walk through. Let's get high level set up. I think, I think if we've got time, we might be able to get started on some form Well, probably, probably probably the demo would let us get us started on some

Unknown Speaker  02:07
form stuff. But going to,

Matthias Miller  02:12
I think biggest thing is, I

Matthias Miller  02:27
I see, yeah, biggest, biggest thing is, is the Twilio and three CX testing

Unknown Speaker  02:34
and

Matthias Miller  02:37
some of this stuff like shut up implementation that would actually be good to kind of go through how that works, okay, and make sure that we're from the Same page. I'm just going to go ahead and I'm

Unknown Speaker  03:05
let's see.

Matthias Miller  03:22
For migrations, call tracking, dashboard, Google ads, conversion tracking, BSC API depends on where we go on the marketing side, actually, and yeah, and in July, kind of just probably, probably final, final import, final testing, running, side by side training, go live, and I will. So, yeah, so let's, let's start with, I don't know this. This should be pretty much what we talked about. I don't know if the timeline is perfect. It's kind of an approximation. The biggest thing I, I think I, I'm most white knuckled about, is the phone system, stuff. Make sure that,

Speaker 1  04:22
yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  04:42
yeah, and as far as that phone, it's going to be good to get it, get it in because to set up my, my SMS, what is it called? ATP, yeah, I.

Unknown Speaker  05:01
Yeah, yes, exactly.

Matthias Miller  05:04
I found out yesterday that some high level resellers in the shed industry do not let you word in numbers, which I found very interesting.

Speaker 2  05:21
So one of the things that I was told was it's hard to port it in numbers to the integrated system.

Matthias Miller  05:33
No, it's not. You port it to we, I just did it, I don't know, the last six months, four months, maybe you port it to Twilio and you send a high priority support ticket. As soon as the port to Twilio works, happens, you send a high priority support ticket to Twilio to transfer it into go high levels account, and you let go high level know what's going on, and

Unknown Speaker  06:01
they get it done. Okay.

Matthias Miller  06:05
I mean, is it, is it probably for the like, for the average Joe who doesn't know anything about computers, like, yes, it's, it's very daunting, but it's just a migrated I mean, if, and if it's in Twilio already. It's just, all you're doing is you're reassigning your your your numbers to a different Twilio account, and high level making sure high level ties it out to your account. So okay,

Unknown Speaker  06:32
yeah, that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  06:38
Let's see. I thought I had, I know I had this account. Give me a minute.

Unknown Speaker  06:58
Switch account. Perfect.

Matthias Miller  07:09
All right, so here it is. I'm

Matthias Miller  07:23
I mean, very clearly, they're promoting AI tools. I Yeah, so voice, AI, Virtual Receptionist, conversation, AI, text message, automation, etc, funnel, builder, which probably isn't really apply to you, review, AI, content AI, I have not played around with this, but I've had incredibly good success with Claude recently, especially once I started feeding it. I mean, this has been more for my own stuff, but I've been very impressed with its output, especially once you feed it the type of content that you've had the past and the information it does really well with coming up building content workflow. Ai assistant is new. I haven't had a chance to play around with it.

Matthias Miller  08:33
Launchpad, I really don't know that that's they offer all kinds of stuff, like WordPress hosting. I don't have a separate WordPress host. I personally recommend, but if I, but there's anyway, I don't know that there's much to go to here. Dashboard. So there are customizable dashboards, and you can have, you can set up multiple dashboards. You have one that's the default. You can edit the dashboard. And then this is where, for example, this is where we'd

Matthias Miller  09:17
some of duration created on see comparison to previous 31 days. And I think, Okay, so that's a number chart. Do they have a metric, some duration, maximum number of calls. You buy, you buy, who is it? Who it was assigned to. We don't have any data in here, but so this would be where, I mean, it's, it's basically, this is where we put, put out, put together, your. Your call dashboard, your Yeah, sales stuff, and I think that's should be pretty straightforward conversations and save. So let's actually jump down to I think contacts make more sense first. So contacts are the foundation, very similar to HubSpot, and this is the initial contact screen.

Unknown Speaker  10:32
And I'll

Matthias Miller  10:36
just throw myself in here and uh.

Matthias Miller  10:46
So within the contact you can see the phone number, contact source is probably big things you want to do in a track with the shed app integration, we'll add custom fields here that that give you the shit opportunity, the shit app, the most recent Shut up designer link, pull that up, and then you can, I don't have a phone number in here, but you can message from in here and you'll, you have a little, a little feed here. Tasks are currently. Tasks are assigned to a contact, not to the opportunity, but you can view them from the opportunity. So that means, if you have two opportunities, you'll see them, see them in both places, but there are notes very similar to,

Unknown Speaker  11:43
very similar

Matthias Miller  11:47
to HubSpot, the notes do not the downside about notes is that notes do not show up in the conversation feed, but there's you can actually make internal comments. I

Matthias Miller  12:05
which is almost a better way to, in my opinion,

Speaker 2  12:10
the Yeah, yeah, that works better than notes, because it'll be right there. It'll

Matthias Miller  12:15
be right there. You can view appointments. You can use it for appointment setting. I've very curious. I have not come across a lot of clients who've experimented with actual appointment setting. I've never had a company that actually really ended up using them, and I would love to hear if somebody does. It seems to me, seems to me, like every other sales, sales industry, that's a thing.

Unknown Speaker  12:51
But anyway,

Matthias Miller  12:57
yeah, so, so that's contacts. And then here, let me put it in by,

Matthias Miller  13:21
okay, so let me put this in so now when i

Unknown Speaker  13:26
All right, let's refresh.

Matthias Miller  13:33
Oh, I don't have, there's no number available with text. So there you go with conversations we don't have, we don't have a number in here. We don't have have an email in here. I here, but theoretically, but this is, this is just a chat view for correct one of the useful things here is can be starting conversations that you need to come back to. It makes it very easy to to it's not the only tool that you should use, and it might make sense to actually have some automation. You haven't done this, but might make sense to have some automation that when you start start something, that it gets tagged for follow up or something. But so calendars, like I said, scheduling calendars, Very much like HubSpot calendars opportunities then

Unknown Speaker  14:35
and

Matthias Miller  14:51
this is all we can. We can just go the whole way down, but you can, can model what what you. Got opportunities are very straightforward. The biggest difference with this and with HubSpot is that this has two different like it has a stage and a lead can be closed at close, lost one or abandoned at any stage, so they're disconnected. So if you mark it in HubSpot, the way you would mark it lost is you would mark it as lost, and you would have a stage that says that this is closing it out as lost status here is independent of that. The way it works with the shed app integration is that when, when it gets processed, it gets marked as closed one at that point. But then it moves through, keeps moving through the process as things happen in Shut up, once it's built, once it's ready for delivery, etc. And so we can set up, set up automations and stuff, say, for, you know, scheduling for delivery, or other things like that, or when it's okay, yeah, ready to be processed. We could send it to you if you're processing orders or whatever, saying, hey, there's a new building to process. And we can, we can change the stages to mirror HubSpot behavior and just have anything past if you change the stage to anything past a certain point that it you automatically closes or put it but yeah, but the again, very simple opportunity costs drop it down to whatever status you want. Probably one of the biggest annoyances with opportunities just tell you, right off the bat, is that they there is a see We can find it. There's no saved opportunity view. I I'm not quite sure what this is called, but

Matthias Miller  17:34
saved filters, so there is, there are no saved filters at this point. And so, you know, most times you you just have people, sales people, set up the view for their own open opportunities. But downside is, if you get a drop down into a closed opportunity, then that becomes, then you got to change the filter. One of the workarounds, workarounds that we have, I don't have a timeline on this yet. One of the workarounds we have is to be able to color code these cards, and so you could have them actually showing you could change the filter to have them show everything that hasn't been delivered, open or not, and then color code the ones that are. I mean, you would have stages anyway, for once they're past the sales process, but you either color code or or something like that.

Speaker 1  18:42
I have payment

Matthias Miller  18:45
collections? Does it really make sense for Shut up? Because I'm assuming you want to, it's easier to track, right? Good, probably,

Speaker 2  18:57
probably not, because we with the shit app. We do collect the payment inside the shit app, right?

Matthias Miller  19:07
Would be ideal is, this is the utopian world which doesn't exist. But if you could tie this to the shit app, Stripe account, and then when and be able to send requests for payment through here and have it and tie it out on the back end and strike in shit at but we're not there. And then this is then where you set up your your agents. So voice, AI, you'll set up, is that the initial, initial message, you'll set up the goals. They can do some scheduling, if you want to.

Unknown Speaker  19:55
We're going to, don't actually like, keep.

Matthias Miller  20:00
Keep that agent, and we got conversation, conversation, AI replay to inbound messages. And then here's the knowledge base, where you could put information in product knowledge, other types of stuff to reference. And again, here's the yeah, here's the content. AI, I have not worked specifically with this one at this point, but if you're Yeah, there's There you go. I uh, social planner, if you are wanting to do your own social media planning, there is that option. We can get into specifics email marketing, specific camp campaigns with these, these, typically, the will will end up building emails and building it out into an actual workflow, which is up next. Snippets, quite useful, but,

Speaker 2  21:20
oh, that's like for, like, a quick response to a customer, yep, like a template for a text message or something. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  21:41
Yeah. Know,

Matthias Miller  21:53
whatever I mean, these are variations of things that another one that's worked extremely well when we have had leads go cold is basically shoot me a text and say, hey, hey, look your your email came across my desk. I just wanted to make sure this wasn't a mistake or something. And people like, no, no, it wasn't a mistake. It was trigger links you can so, so here we could build some, some kind of link, if there's, there's a photo gallery or something that you often send out, we put in a trigger link, and then when, when they click the link to track,

Unknown Speaker  22:42
to track

Matthias Miller  22:45
when the customer clicks it or tag them, or, you know, those types of things. Affiliate Manager, you can, you can get set up as an affiliate for go high level as well brand boards, honestly, I have not used this, and I'm not sure where all these colors apply. So straight up ad manager, they do have an ad manager. I have not used it. Probably, I probably would not use it if I were looking for advanced, any kind of advanced, media buying. But, yeah, it is an option. All right,

Speaker 2  23:34
let me ask you this. Yeah, even though we don't use that ad manager, we will be able to to connect the and I think I saw here on here the Connect Google ads and meta to be able to track the leads through that, like where they're coming from and everything, right?

Unknown Speaker  23:56
Yes, you will.

Matthias Miller  24:01
And and we'll also be able to connect your Facebook page. So Facebook messages, at least from your to your Facebook page, will also come in here as well. So there's, there are specific things,

Matthias Miller  24:22
um, yeah, honestly, on the Google side, using shed apps integration, I think, is probably the most reliable, although we we could, and that's, that's what we've been doing, or that's what I've been doing in other other places. But there's no reason why we couldn't, why we couldn't use sale data from just from the sink and from from the CRM if we wanted to as well. Yeah.

Speaker 2  25:05
Uh, like it will it will be, it will be tracked, like, trying to think of the word right now, the attribution of where the lead is coming from, that will be. We'll be able to set that up to where it's attributed the each lead is attributed to from where it came from. Yes,

Matthias Miller  25:24
well, there's, there's two pieces of it, one, one is conversion tracking fed back to the algorithm. And I think, I think his, historically, we we have feel like this is getting a little bit out of my marketing League, but historically, my understanding is that actually pushing sales from both platforms back to each platform, linking where it can if you ever have a click ID, pushing that back to the respective platform or the API with where, there's where we're using Facebook, but then also, then also saving the source based on where it comes from, just for your own like analytics, like, what's our What's your conversion rate on Google versus Facebook, etc, but yes,

Unknown Speaker  26:30
okay, Let me

Matthias Miller  26:36
make sure to grab this over Here. I

Matthias Miller  26:51
Okay, so automation is not too it's not a huge surprise from Yeah, I mean, it's when this trigger happens. So contact was created, contact is changed. Tag was added, task was added, when there's a task, reminder, like there's all of these types of types of events, forms created, etc, then you know branching logic. This is where you would do the you

Matthias Miller  27:43
assigned to user. And you would assign to you would select your users. If the contacts not assigned, assign it to one of these three, and it would do a round robin assignment to them. And then if you wanted a notification, you could shoot a message and say, Hey, newly you. Get

Speaker 1  28:00
back to them. You know, your five minutes

Matthias Miller  28:05
starts now,

Speaker 2  28:07
since we're on this right now, let me ask you a question. Is there a way to assign it? To assign it? Let's say, for example, I I have three sales guys, but I want one. I want one to get two leads on every rotation. Right? I uh, is, is there a way to like, instead of assigning it to a user, assign it to a to a team, and create two teams, and it would rotate between the two teams, in between each team, you would have say on one team, you only have the one person that that's going to get it two times.

Unknown Speaker  29:06
That might not work. Well,

Matthias Miller  29:07
okay, this is really weird, but what you could do is you could include yourself in the round robin. Then immediately after that, if it's assigned to you, you assign it to the the guy who gets two for one. Okay, that's one. That would be one way to deal with it.

Matthias Miller  29:33
Or you could just have a user who doesn't appreciate it, or you could have a user who doesn't actually log in, like a just the secondary user that you use for the same purpose. That way, that way, if you do ever, you have vendors assigned you or anything like that, nothing ever gets thrown sideways. Yeah, I'm not. I.

Unknown Speaker  30:02
That's the that's the most. That's what the I

Matthias Miller  30:17
mean, you could also do something very similar, but I um,

Matthias Miller  30:25
yes, but you could actually do that for the teams approach too, which is you have you alternate between the two for one and this, this other user, basically the team user. And then if it goes in, if it gets assigned to the team user, then you would do a second Round Robin and just stop over the contact at that point. So, and then this is where you, like, like, send the you can put together the emails. This is where this would be. There's wait events, so

Unknown Speaker  31:05
wait,

Matthias Miller  31:08
wait, just do between these hours, central time, day filters if you need and that's how then use, use. You

Speaker 2  31:22
stagger it out, stagger it out for a number of days and all that. Yeah, sure. So it makes sense, yeah, like,

Matthias Miller  31:29
if you wanted to, if you, if you want to try hitting different times a day, you could do like a six hour advance the window, only run it from nine to five, etc.

Unknown Speaker  31:39
So, yeah, yeah, makes sense. See

Matthias Miller  31:48
further settings. Allow re entry, turn on by default. If it runs once, let it run again.

Matthias Miller  32:01
If you, if you're running it on an opportunity event, let it run on multiple opportunities, you can also stop in response. So this is, this is great for texting, outbound texting, so you could have just a, you know, if you, if you send out, if you have automation that sends out three texts, Hi, are you there? Where are you? And can you please call me as soon as they send anything back. You can have it, have it stop here. Okay. And then you can also set a time window on the entire on the entire workflow, so it only runs from a certain time. And marks interacts with conversations. You can have it mark as read. And then enrollment history and execution logs are just, hey. We all know that if you get complicated workflows, sometimes things go sideways. You can go back in and say, Yeah, I didn't think about that that needs to happen. Yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  33:17
They do have folder folders here. I love using folders to organize. Now, that went away, but, like in some cases, you know, there's, you know, round robin may work differently, like if somebody picks up the phone, other things like that, and so having a round robin folder that handles assignments, different things like that, can just be easy to organize sites. So you can build your funnels and landing pages. You can host your WordPress sites on here, stores webinars you don't need I have a never heard of anybody in the shed industry running webinars, but to sell sheds to customers. But it would be an interesting if you could be interesting. Blogs, WordPress. Blogs tie into their I see it ties into their funnels. It's completely separate site. But either way, you're already using WordPress, it's not really relevant portal, not that relevant. So really, where it starts to matter is the form builder. And so we can hear,

Matthias Miller  34:53
sorry, some view, too many. Any too many idea room things going on sometimes.

Unknown Speaker  35:08
So

Matthias Miller  35:10
So here, first name, last name. We got email. Drag up there. Zip

Unknown Speaker  35:25
see and tell

Matthias Miller  35:35
us about what you're needing. And this can just be a multi line. I'm um, do you want this to be this is actually required on this form. Do you want an optional? Required?

Unknown Speaker  35:55
Optional, required?

Matthias Miller  35:56
Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  36:00
It would probably be required.

Matthias Miller  36:04
We'll stop we'll stop giving them false hope that they can sneak by without it. We'll call this zip code because that is how people think about it. I

Matthias Miller  36:24
I don't think, Okay, never mind.

Matthias Miller  36:30
We typically let me see. Got a sample privacy policy to need to put on the website if you don't actually let me see if you have one. I

Unknown Speaker  36:44
do have one. Okay, awesome.

Matthias Miller  36:49
And

Matthias Miller  36:56
I think

Matthias Miller  37:02
I typically just merge these together, and you can, you can adapt this based on what you see fit.

Matthias Miller  37:20
I don't know this is way over the top, but

Unknown Speaker  37:35
just Nix this.

Matthias Miller  37:38
If you want a shorter, shorter box checking. You're going to need to have this for to get,

Unknown Speaker  37:47
to get ATP verified.

Matthias Miller  38:02
And then over here you can so on the integration. Probably we just do an inline form, and you'll have copy and bit code that you could drop in, into there, into there, there we can, I'm um, see if we can very easily, we'll drive it drop into color customization here.

Unknown Speaker  38:31
Let me do this.

Matthias Miller  38:35
Well, hey, there's always this. I

Unknown Speaker  38:56
Q, make it.

Matthias Miller  39:01
May it work for you. Now it actually hang on. There we go.

Matthias Miller  39:21
And this guy here, since we're here anyway,

Matthias Miller  39:28
let's go ahead and grab this link and these. Got these guys I'm

Matthias Miller  39:46
there we go, and then we will also want to

Matthias Miller  39:57
on submit the. Uh, most like, if you we can either show a message, or you can, if you have a, if you have a thank you page on the website, you can put in the link to the thank you page. Okay, so that's the quote, oh, hang on one, one more thing. Well, most likely for you, then going back into automation. Here's how I like to hear. I'm just going to go ahead and

Matthias Miller  40:43
hang on, losing myself. Okay, so I'm

Matthias Miller  41:03
the issue is that context can get created for any number of reasons, and so right making sure that we so what I like to do is on the contact then, so

Unknown Speaker  41:16
you use a tag. I

Matthias Miller  41:23
to trigger the round robin. So this adds the tag, and then we'll,

Unknown Speaker  41:38
no, I want to. I

Matthias Miller  41:58
and so the advantage of this is that by using it, by using a tag, then we can you can have have it coming in from different places, but then have all your round robin stuff in one place. So you add the tag all the different places it comes in, you add the tag for Round Robin, and then it comes through here, and you can actually have the round robin in one place. Okay? So you can go, go remove the round robin tag, because we don't need it anymore. You can then assign to the user, and you would choose, and

Matthias Miller  42:48
that sets you up as a user. So that's why you then actually go ahead and create your users so that we can actually Do some interesting stuff

Matthias Miller  43:11
down here in settings, staff.

Matthias Miller  43:22
Here, I'll give you admin, admin role, and then let's do what's the name of the team, the sales team that, or the two person team you were talking about.

Speaker 2  43:48
So that team would be my like, as a team itself, who would be the El Salvador team? Okay?

Matthias Miller  44:00
And we're just going to do

Unknown Speaker  44:05
there that would be sales@sunviewbuilders.com

Matthias Miller  44:12
and would they have their own individual email addresses? Yes, they do. Okay, so then we'll do something like this. No, they're not admin. They're just regular users. They don't need settings. They don't need this. You know, definitely no. Don't need that. Probably no calendars. Do you want them to join? Them? To have automation,

Unknown Speaker  44:50
not necessarily

Matthias Miller  44:54
certificates. You don't need communities. You're not using contacts. They need conversation. Do.

Unknown Speaker  45:01
Uh, forms, I

Unknown Speaker  45:03
don't know, probably not. Forms,

Matthias Miller  45:07
funnels, no go, collab, no integrations, no marketing, no media storage, potentially, memberships, no you manage. It's really fine, payments, QR codes, potentially, but I don't know, quizzes, dashboards,

Matthias Miller  45:39
something like that. Okay, so then let's, okay, that's there we go. So now we have them set up, and then let's, this is another complaint. They need user groups. So what's the, what's the, well, what are the Coos on the outside with our team? Ben,

Speaker 2  46:07
okay. Joshua Miller, okay. And it's Joshua dot m at sheds marketplace.com and his phone number Is 254-401-0022,

Unknown Speaker  46:30
okay, and we're gonna copy from

Unknown Speaker  46:40
Save. And let's go ahead and

Matthias Miller  46:47
right. And who else is on that team?

Unknown Speaker  46:49
Edwin Mendoza, with a Z okay. And his is Edwin at sheds marketplace.com his phone number is 254-401-0021,

Unknown Speaker  47:10
okay.

Matthias Miller  47:13
Copy this from sales again, and then the

Speaker 2  47:22
next one would be Brendan Miller with an A or an O with an O, okay. And his email then is brendan@shedsmarkaplace.com Okay. His phone number. I do not

Matthias Miller  47:51
get it later too, if we need to. Yeah, that's fine. I'll fill that in later. Okay, so let's do copy from sales again, and then All right, so we did go through settings yet. I'm getting myself distracted here. But then, if tagged, remove the tag and then assign to user. And we would just assign to, this case, Brendan and El Salvador team save, and we would only do this one if it's unassigned, and then we would have an If else, and if the assigned user is the El Salvador team, then we would assign to user with Joshua and Edwin. Does that make sense?

Speaker 2  49:03
Yes, so, so in that case, Brandon would get

Matthias Miller  49:10
one actually. Hang on. Look at this.

Matthias Miller  49:20
Okey, dokey, even better. So we might not even need the El Salvador team user, but Edwin Joshua and oops, we do not So Brendan gets to boom, nice. I spoke too soon. Look at that. I like it. I like it, all right. Going into settings, we've got business address which is going to be important for ATP. We've got legal business name and ein which is going to be. Be important and authorized rep, which you'll need to fill out a business type, I think we actually have a document on. Let's see. I

Matthias Miller  50:36
uh, no industry like I think we had, don't remember. I think we typically have done either manufacturing or retail, but manufacturing probably makes the most sense if you're actually building if actually have your shop there. I

Matthias Miller  51:09
i If you want to have I think we typically need,

Matthias Miller  51:20
let me go check this. Another account. I'm pretty sure we actually need to turn on a lot of duplicate opportunities so that it works with

Unknown Speaker  51:34
see how that's set up. Over in another

Matthias Miller  51:38
one, pretty sure we need this if you have customers who are actually building multiple buildings, we do end up meeting this

Matthias Miller  51:55
and then it automatically De duplicates contacts based on email first, then phone

Matthias Miller  52:09
billing. We're gonna need that billing information just actually, I don't know that we need anything right now out of the gate, but opportunities and pipelines. I don't know that there's much there that's needs to be like, this is all the configuration stuff, AI stuff, knowledge base. We looked at that email services so you can create a dedicated use, a dedicated domain. I uh,

Matthias Miller  52:45
which should help deliverability.

Speaker 2  52:49
So I could, like, connect my domain to it, so that we can send from that correct,

Matthias Miller  52:54
correct and most likely, I believe, the way that, yeah, so you could, you could send it from. You can either use an SDP Pro, well, you can use using an app password most, most times, what they do people, people will do is use something a service like mail gun, or like a bulk email provider, where you get something like mg dot, like mail gun, dot send viewbuilders.com, or something. So the so this is for your mass emails. It gets like your marketing emails, but then you can also each user. Then can

Unknown Speaker  53:50
connect their personal email,

Matthias Miller  53:51
connect the personal email, and then, if there's a and then those threads show up in the conversation view, yeah.

Matthias Miller  54:05
Yeah, this is where we'll set up the phone numbers, the Hang on, the ATP

Unknown Speaker  54:17
verification

Matthias Miller  54:19
once we get there, the Trust Center. That's the Trust Center, it's the Trust Center. WhatsApp integration, which isn't as big of a deal in the US, but is a big deal in other countries. You'd have options for custom objects. Probably, probably doesn't matter too much to you, custom fields, then this is where you would add, hey, we want to, we want to track something on contacts or opportunities, okay? And you can, you can add that here, custom values, or if you need, if you. Probably not used mostly you, but if it's typically used by agencies, if they have workflows that they share and they want to customize, like company name or other types of things that need to be customized in automation or something,

Matthias Miller  55:20
there is engagements, Engagement scoring.

Matthias Miller  55:28
And so, I mean, basically lead scoring, so

Matthias Miller  55:39
if a specific tag was added, certain contact changed, if there's payment received, is going to help if they applied. I don't know why they don't have opportunity

Unknown Speaker  55:51
actions here, but,

Speaker 2  55:57
but there. Could we? Could we add a contact tag if they, if they created a quote, yes, and then we could, we could do it and a score based off of that contact tag, correct,

Unknown Speaker  56:15
yes, okay,

Matthias Miller  56:21
and I don't know if I

Speaker 2  56:44
as far as the scoring, is there a certain score it's trying to add up to? Is it trying to add up to 100 or is that just up to us?

Matthias Miller  56:53
It's up to you. It's just trying to, trying to, trying to highlight engaged prospects.

Unknown Speaker  57:01
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  57:05
and,

Matthias Miller  57:15
and if you wanted to, you could, you could have your tag be something like,

Matthias Miller  57:35
like you might want to, want to have something like a tag that's a quoted in the last 30 days and have automation that takes it back off if they haven't

Unknown Speaker  57:50
okay. And

Matthias Miller  57:51
then if the contact tag is removed, you would drop your score back down. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  58:02
That makes sense.

Matthias Miller  58:05
It's a little tough, because what I've seen in other, uh, implementations of this has been like there's some kind of decay, like the score drops in half. I wonder if there's automation, um, I

Matthias Miller  58:28
wonder if we could add a decay, because that's really what you want. Probably

Matthias Miller  58:38
here. Let's go back here. Let's Just go into this one. I

Matthias Miller  59:00
I'm trying to think how you do it Without,

Matthias Miller  59:38
mean, freely what you want is a change,

Unknown Speaker  59:48
custom date reminder.

Matthias Miller  1:00:03
Again, that's all the custom date field.

Matthias Miller  1:00:10
Yeah, so here's what we Oh. And then, okay, so then let's try this. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:00:30
so if we do

Matthias Miller  1:00:38
because the current date, specific date.

Matthias Miller  1:00:46
We don't have a way to push it out into the future.

Matthias Miller  1:01:01
Well, you could, I guess you could do this

Matthias Miller  1:01:13
if I didn't even, I guess here, that's the other thing.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:22
Modify.

Matthias Miller  1:01:24
Add or subtract. We don't even have a way to get custom All right? I don't think there is a good way. Well, you could do a fixed number delay so you could, you could have it set up where the score drops by, you know, a certain number of points every week. And so you basically just set up a trigger when the contact gets created, and then, and then drop it by a certain point. But there's not like a the ways I've seen it used it's been, it's more like a half life, like in this, this amount of time it drops in half, then it drops in half again, then it drops in half again, because it's, it's more realistic with,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:11
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:02:20
URL redirects. That doesn't really matter. So Google Calendar, if you want calendar access, connect with your locations. Google account, which you're going to want to do email once we get Facebook forms, if you start buying traffic off Facebook. You don't want to do this. Private integrations, no conversation. Providers will get to tags. This is the master list of all the tags, and you can rename tags here Labs is where they have a whole bunch of new features. Um, basically, if you know there's something coming and you want to try it ahead of time, and can can't, oh, chat widgets, we did not do that. Let's see brand boards, companies. I think that's really auto logs that you see

Unknown Speaker  1:03:34
who changed what,

Matthias Miller  1:03:38
what and where. Maybe you can get to that from a contact or opportunity screen. This is the other big thing, all right, so chat widget is another big thing, and you can put that we've seen work well, is the SMS and email chat, basically, it'll ask them they'll ask them for their information, and it shows up in the conversations, and You can then just text them straight back. Okay. I

Matthias Miller  1:04:25
Media Storage lets you upload files connected to Google Drive, reputation management, just managing reviews. I have now worked closely with this, but you can send review requests to do that,

Matthias Miller  1:04:48
connect. You can reply to reviews by connecting Facebook page. So this can be set up so that when when reviews go. Out that we or when, when a when a building is marked as delivered, we could automatically send out a text message with a with a

Unknown Speaker  1:05:09
with a review request.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:11
Yeah, review request. So this would be something like I

Matthias Miller  1:05:25
send review request and send it by obviously, that needs to be set up. But, yeah, I

Matthias Miller  1:05:47
uh, here is also a Call Report, agent, Agent report, audit, etc. There is also, I suspect you don't get enough leads to merit this, but there actually is a power dialer.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:09
And

Matthias Miller  1:06:12
effectively what you do, you set up an automation, and it'll throw up like here, the here are the people to call, and you could just start calling, calling through them.

Speaker 2  1:06:26
So would that? Would that be something that you could set it up with tasks like you have all these tasks for today, and you would set it up for that power dollar to dial through all those tasks that you have.

Matthias Miller  1:06:46
Yes, so you would, you would need a trigger. And then you would, you

Matthias Miller  1:07:04
basically have it set up the power dialer for all of your tasks, for any contact that has a task for today, they would show up here. You would go through it, and then, and then, presumably you would, you kind of end up duplicating the action a little bit.

Matthias Miller  1:07:34
What might be easier is if you if if

Matthias Miller  1:07:46
you really want to build it out. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:07:55
the way that we've built this out in the past, some of this stuff I need to just probably put together into a into more reusable stuff, but like when a lead comes in, we assign it a day, day one, day two, day three, day four, and then. And then we track number of and then we have automation that says, here it would be something like lead comes in and then

Unknown Speaker  1:08:30
manual Action to call,

Matthias Miller  1:08:34
and then,

Matthias Miller  1:08:40
and then a delay for

Unknown Speaker  1:08:43
a certain period of time.

Matthias Miller  1:08:57
And then something like I

Matthias Miller  1:09:10
well, they basically have a this isn't the right one, but we're gonna do I'm

Matthias Miller  1:09:30
to pretend with the condition, so then You have a tag that gets added either when you literally have a conversation with them, or you have or you check here whether they have an opportunity that is not new lead,

Matthias Miller  1:09:58
and then you just continue going. Through creating manual call tasks up until you make contact through your entire call sequence. So mean, they're folks I've worked with who've done, done like a 15 call sequence in the first week, or something like 333222221,

Matthias Miller  1:10:25
something like that.

Matthias Miller  1:10:32
But even even having something like this, where you advance to the next window call every two hours for the first two or 6333, it's really good as attempt to call every two hours, the first,

Matthias Miller  1:10:50
first nine calls 18 hours, every three. That's a little too much. You know, first call one, wait two hours, call two. Wait two hours, call three, and then bump to three hours, maybe, which will offset slightly different times. And you do like three more calls like that, and then start bumping to five or six hours, and keep it within the the window. And then, and then use manual call actions. And then part of your job, you just use the manual call actions as the task. So workflow is, you know, go, go handle, you know, go replay to warm leads that emailed you overnight or whatever, and get those moved out. And then go start your manual call tasks to to follow up on new leads or leads you're trying to contact reach. And then some of the SMS automation can be, can be automatic, but that's probably how I would structure it.

Speaker 2  1:11:59
And and this manual call is what would feed into that power dialer. That's right.

Matthias Miller  1:12:07
Okay, here, let's do I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:12:23
okay, let's do No, she

Unknown Speaker  1:12:31
could show you.

Matthias Miller  1:12:38
Let's do this. Let's do, I guess. Doesn't matter if this runs I

Matthias Miller  1:13:09
let me see if I Can enroll myself, and then I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:13:32
here, hang on. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:14:03
here we're going to do. I

Matthias Miller  1:14:16
thought there was a way to I'm completely missing it. If it is, there's a way to assign, manually enroll some contact into a workflow. I can't find it,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:31
Roman history,

Matthias Miller  1:14:35
all right, so let's do, let's do this contact changed, if the assigned user has changed, all right, so then we're going to save and I'm.

Matthias Miller  1:15:21
All right. So then here's the manual action. You hit, let's start. It'll pull it up. We can't call, but it'll, it'll pop open the call. You will call it give you a chance to put in this position or notes, and then say, basically you have 15 minutes or 15 seconds before you go to the next one, or you can jump ahead. Now it takes you just contact to contact to contact.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:56
So that's the that's the gist of that. Okay, and we're gonna go ahead and

Matthias Miller  1:16:09
do this because we really don't want this running. All right, I think the next big thing would you do? You would you be able to pull up the Twilio, Twilio account information? I need the account ID and the Sid, I think

Speaker 2  1:16:33
Let me confirm so I will need to open up a Twilio account. Okay, yeah, I'll need to open up A tool you account.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:02
Oh, so I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:17:23
so here's where I am

Speaker 2  1:17:29
not exactly sure where I need to go with Twilio if I do do the sit pricing, but will that allow me to do the SMS? If I'm doing that, I don't

Matthias Miller  1:17:43
know, share your screen. Maybe

Unknown Speaker  1:17:45
sure I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:18:14
No, I am not. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:18:34
I would have I would assume that I

Unknown Speaker  1:18:43
here, if

Matthias Miller  1:18:48
you would just use a typical sip, sorry, typical Twilio account, not a

Unknown Speaker  1:18:56
SIP trunk, just Like

Matthias Miller  1:19:19
you, just just, I think just sign, I think if You just go through the site, start for free. I

Matthias Miller  1:20:10
You get a special character. Oh, no, don't mind.

Matthias Miller  1:20:52
Be on the line, but I'm gonna Drop Off screen for A second here. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:21:46
Okay, I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:23:25
let me scan in my driver's license So I can

Unknown Speaker  1:23:29
get past that. Yep, I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:23:40
I think. And I probably have it somewhere on my computer, but yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:02
yeah, after

Matthias Miller  1:24:04
my my accountant is pretty serious about audit mitigation, and so after hunting it down every year, but like, here's my folder with all my, all my, all my stuff, I

Unknown Speaker  1:24:32
No, not like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:42
I can't upload it.

Matthias Miller  1:24:45
I'll bet you're not. They're gonna need you to they're gonna take a picture so they know that it's real time. Okay, okay. I. It was on the other camera. I'm telling you this stuff is hard, hard,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:11
complicated.

Speaker 3  1:25:22
And is this business use? Okay, so? Uh,

Speaker 2  1:25:57
why did we put it in there as retail or it's manufacturing. I

Matthias Miller  1:26:01
didn't put it in anywhere. I I would probably say, you're manufacturing. If you're I tend to put if it's if it's, yeah, if it's integrated up. I typically put it manufacturing. And if it's just a dealer type of thing, I Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:26
that's what I would Do.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:38
Okay, I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:27:32
what, what?

Unknown Speaker  1:27:47
There we go. All right,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:58
we'll do that, sander, bring About 50.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:15
Oh, and I just, I'm

Speaker 2  1:29:44
okay. Now, from here you need, well,

Matthias Miller  1:29:49
let's see, I need the the account Sid and the auth token, if you just want to drop them. The chat, okay, here.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:18
And then the all on. All on the API in

Unknown Speaker  1:30:26
so we need to create an API key.

Matthias Miller  1:30:28
Here, let me, just let me,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:30
or here, authorize tokens. Here request. Here it is. Here's the last token, okay,

Speaker 3  1:30:47
this is those

Unknown Speaker  1:30:54
are live credentials, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:30:57
which is right? I let me go.

Matthias Miller  1:31:15
Okay, So let me go into I'm

Matthias Miller  1:33:38
so do you have enough of your profile set up that you're able to set up the trunk

Unknown Speaker  1:33:45
for for Twilio twilio,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:50
so

Speaker 2  1:33:53
I don't have I can get a trial phone number here.

Speaker 4  1:34:02
Okay, to remove account restrictions. I

Unknown Speaker  1:34:27
You see that you have previously opened an account with Twilio,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:32
but so

Unknown Speaker  1:35:24
I'm I just responded to them. We'll see what they're

Matthias Miller  1:36:06
all right, and I'm,

Matthias Miller  1:36:13
I'm currently with go high level support to get this, get Your provider switched over. I

Speaker 2  1:37:42
Okay, I'm as far as the data preparation to to move it over, What all will we be able to migrate effectively? I

Speaker 2  1:38:28
if we have, like, call recordings and all of that, will that be able to transfer over?

Matthias Miller  1:38:36
Typically, not i I wonder if there's a way to,

Matthias Miller  1:38:56
typically gets to contacts and deals or opportunities.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:01
Okay, I'm

Matthias Miller  1:39:28
yeah, there's some talk in HubSpot about doing bulk Call Recording exports, but I haven't looked at it in a little bit. I do know, the last time I looked at it, they were very they weren't very friendly to

Unknown Speaker  1:39:51
downloading call recordings.

Matthias Miller  1:39:55
And I suspect it's probably some kind of an. It being some kind of

Matthias Miller  1:40:06
compliance related issue, so you can't control where the recordings get to. But I

Speaker 2  1:40:40
I'm going to read up on some of this. I know high level has looks to have a good tutorial on it as well.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:59
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:41:02
so So Twilio has,

Unknown Speaker  1:41:07
has updated my account now, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:41:13
sitting over my SID and the auth token to support. So you should now be able to if they've updated your account, you should now be able to set up the trunk. If you here. Let me just see if I can share this perplexity. Gave it pretty good. I thought gave it pretty good. Sorry, that's the wrong one. Not that.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:50
This guy, where's my search history?

Unknown Speaker  1:42:00
Well, Julio trunk, see, I can't take

Unknown Speaker  1:42:21
this guy

Matthias Miller  1:42:27
told it three xz, and It still figured out I meant three CX so I

Speaker 4  1:42:53
let me log out and log back in Again, because it's still giving me an error message. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:43:41
still, Still, not. I

Matthias Miller  1:44:11
tell you anything about what needs to be Done.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:15
Primary customer profile, I

Speaker 4  1:44:34
profiles, View Profile and

Unknown Speaker  1:44:56
sign phone numbers. Can't do it so.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:19
Get a number And

Unknown Speaker  1:45:25
let's I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:45:50
I'm account is restricted from provisioning new loan code phone numbers.

Speaker 2  1:46:37
So, okay, I'll work on that. I'll work on that, and I have support on email now, so,

Matthias Miller  1:46:47
okay, good, and I'll ping you. I'm working on getting the accounts whichever, and I will shoot you text once that's

Speaker 4  1:46:56
good to go. Okay, okay, very good.

Matthias Miller  1:47:00
Actually, let me make sure. I don't even know if I have, do I have your cell phone number? Is it in an email

Speaker 2  1:47:07
so you can reach me on my number? It's 254-401-0020,

Matthias Miller  1:47:17
okay, sounds good. And I'll shoot you. I'll shoot you text there and Okay, it'll be a seven one night member, bro, okay, yeah, sounds good. Okay, very good. All right. Awesome. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:32
Okay, thank

Unknown Speaker  1:47:33
you. You bet. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai