Unknown Speaker  00:15
Howdy, howdy. Howdy. Howdy,

Matthias Miller  00:19
am I on my Hey, I am on my

Unknown Speaker  00:22
Good morning, guys. So

Speaker 1  00:31
is your video still not on? I was over getting coffee while I was joining and I have I can control whether I'm muted or not from actually,

Unknown Speaker  00:47
there's a button on my headset that I thought might control the video.

Speaker 2  00:51
But what? What's your, what's the, what's the brand of your what's what's your

Unknown Speaker  00:56
headset? Seth, is there a yay link?

Unknown Speaker  01:00
What's yours? Matthias.

Matthias Miller  01:03
It's a I can send you the link. It's an el cheapo off Amazon, okay, like a no brand thing.

Unknown Speaker  01:15
Mark, what's your headset? I don't Think he hears us yet. It

Unknown Speaker  02:01
Armenian, again? Can you hear us?

Unknown Speaker  02:10
Hey, hello,

Matthias Miller  02:24
hello. How about now? Now, hi, hello. I

Matthias Miller  02:54
Seth, I unfortunately had to poke holes into our bad debt stuff last

Speaker 1  03:00
night, yeah. I well, okay, which the impact or the county

Matthias Miller  03:06
balance, the it affects both Ray, when it when it becomes non taxable with bad debt?

Unknown Speaker  03:19
Yeah, I'm about done thinking about bad debt. We'll

Matthias Miller  03:25
get it figured out. We'll get it figured out. All right, can you guys hear us now? And yeah, we can look at that. Happy Thursday.

Unknown Speaker  03:39
Yeah, good morning to you guys.

Matthias Miller  03:45
Well, I think this would make you guys. I have a short story for you guys. It would make both of your hearts happy, I don't know, or sad, I don't know, which as working with a client pallet manufacturer, and we started digging into pricing stuff. They don't have any pricing they've got, like, pricing spreadsheets, like literally one per customer, and they do all this weird custom stuff and all this whatever. And I was on site with them, and then during the during the team meeting, one of the guys mentioned something about using, using the wrong or the lumber that they were using for one of the products, one of their high volume products. And so we started digging into it, and anyway, discovered that it was grossly under priced. And so but then the question is, how do you come up with they've been tracking production time over the last year and a half. Some of it's accurate, some of it's not. How do you translate that? Can you come up with a pricing model that where you can look at at the construction of the pallet and infer how long it's going to take on the shop floor, and the closer. We were able to get at this point is about 60% accuracy, but we're looking at threw in a whole bunch of different variables and a whole bunch of for each of those variables, three different relationships, and ran a bunch of analysis and had it spit back which ones are the most important variables and and come up with a, with a, basically a formula that predicts how long it's going to take on the shop floor.

Speaker 3  05:27
So, so it's like differences, not based on size, but more on style.

Matthias Miller  05:34
Well, I mean, it actually has a lot to do with size here. I should, I should pull this up with the actual, the big, the big pieces are crates versus pallets, and the quantity, assembly quantity actually has a huge impact, which isn't surprising. There's an efficiency gain, number of board feet and then the maximum dimensions, length and thickness, maximum lumber length, maximum lumber thickness, and then the number of different sizes of lumber going into that. And those are all the key which all kind of correlate into how big of a project. I mean, the bigger it is, the more you have to walk around it, all that kind of stuff, the bigger it is, more more complexity, the heavier. Anyway, how

Speaker 3  06:33
the size fits with the size of the raw lumber that's abusing

Matthias Miller  06:38
the way? Oh, yeah. We tried some relationships like, like, number of, you know, complexity of number of fasteners per board foot and other stuff like that. But at the end of the day, size, actually, the only real complexity piece is the different sizes of lumber that you're using. Everything else comes down to literally, how many are you doing and how big

Speaker 4  07:01
is it? So are they? Are these doing a lot of custom sizes, and they're making these by hand, as opposed to an automated machine.

Matthias Miller  07:11
Some are hand, some are machine. It's it's a combination we do have, well, we do have factors for what hardware goes into it, because that affects time and also which which machine, or is it by hand, like there's a and those have different multipliers. So that is, yeah, that would be the other super big

Speaker 3  07:38
bands, yeah, once you go up with software that can fix business structure organization issues, then I have a client for you.

Matthias Miller  07:50
Well, I mean, I don't have software to do it like literally, but force it, no, but software forces to step to the surface. You guys have found that all of a sudden you discover who's who's cut out for the job and who's not. Because you actually have visibility

Speaker 3  08:10
and accountability. These guys have issues more like we're running out of money. So what should we do, oh, let's go spend more. Rather than, you know, they think, Well, this is we have to spend this amount of money. All those every month spends the same amount of money. We base our sales on these conversations we had with somebody if we think we can sell them something. And so that's what we're basing our sales for the month on to see how we're doing. Like, sorry, you guys have issues, something way more concrete than, well, I talked to somebody, and I think we'll be able to sell them one

Unknown Speaker  08:54
so, so there are they thinking with bringing accountants like Arrow on board.

Speaker 3  09:01
Like you can, I think there's things we can help them, but I think what it is, and they're, they're slowly realizing, like, yeah, they just have a broke system. But they, I don't know the the head guy started it from the ground up, and he's perfectionist in some things, but he would make a better salesman than a business operation person and better salesman than CEO. And it just, it would all be better off if he would just go to Sales and set up somebody else as a CEO and let them run in. But yeah, that's just really hard for the guy who started it to do, especially when he's so perfectionistic as it is.

Unknown Speaker  09:45
Well,

Matthias Miller  09:46
the big question, the big question, in my observation, is, there's proverbs about this, but how much do they love truth and how tight are they to have? Things needing, needing to live in a fantasy. And you can have incredibly blunt, direct, but kind conversations with people who love the truth, and it'll be hard for them to hear, but they'll hear and adapt. But people who are bought into a fantasy. Usually take it usually takes a fairly big in my observation, it's not across the board, but often take a fairly big hit, fairly big run in with reality for them to it's sometimes even not then are they willing to reconsider?

Unknown Speaker  10:41
Yeah, fair, that's

Speaker 5  10:43
interesting. Say that again about truth.

Matthias Miller  10:48
So the people, the people who loved there are people who love truth. And those people, you can have very direct, very blunt, but kind, not not putting them down, but just very kind, but very direct conversations about reality and what actually is. And it might be a hard pill to swallow, but they'll love you for it. But then there are people who are bought into if they need, they need to live in fantasy. They have a fantasy. They need to be true for whatever reason. So a very common one with business owners is is basically, I need to make my dad proud, or I need, I need to have good standing in my community. Therefore I need to be the CEO, because I'm going to lose face if I'm not or something like that. But for whatever reason, they have a fantasy that they need to be true, and they'll, typically, if you tell them the truth. I mean, it depends on how insecure they are, they'll they'll either sometimes, in the worst case, they'll throw it back in your face. Less severe cases, they'll just walk away. But for those people, most commonly, what's required is a very difficult run in into reality, into a reality that they can't control. And some of them will at that point, throw up their hands and admit that there are some things in life that you can't control and and sadly, some of them will just double down on avoiding anything that they can't and at that point, it's it's almost impossible, like the further they go into fantasy, and the harder they work to control the to maintain that image of fantasy, the like I have a friend who says that he's not Jesus and like they need a Savior, and he's not it, my friend's not it. So that's the trait that I would I'm not asking you to assess the claim now that that's the trait that I would, I would be looking for.

Speaker 4  13:06
Wow, is there a transcript of this that you could send me? You said some something that we're working with the personal side, like this is everything you said was spot on for that situation.

Matthias Miller  13:27
Yeah, I can't, after we're done, I'm listening here, and

Unknown Speaker  13:31
I can't believe I mean you're

Speaker 6  13:35
Wow. I

Speaker 4  13:45
it. But the thing about loving truth and the fantasy thing, like you laid it out better than I have, yeah, yeah, if you could, that would be be awesome to have a transcript of that part. I'll

Unknown Speaker  13:58
do that. AI's got it already

Unknown Speaker  14:03
expected? Yep,

Unknown Speaker  14:08
good, well,

Speaker 4  14:12
yeah, it's interesting. You see that in the work that you do. I'm sure you you see you. Well, okay, there's, there's, I get this. My another thing that I think is, if you dig deep enough with people, you're sometimes surprised at what what's important to them. Like, it's easy to say, well, at the bottom line, a good whatever is, is a goal for everyone. But oftentimes it's not all you know. Sometimes it's things like, I'm whatever I mean, like, it's, it's,

Matthias Miller  14:54
yeah, it's, it's very true. It rarely literally is, yeah,

Speaker 4  15:08
it's often not what you think it is on the surface, yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:15
when we're most of us don't even really know, honestly ourselves, what's important to us?

Unknown Speaker  15:23
Yeah, that's true. Good.

Speaker 4  15:27
Um, so Matthias, can you switch to the second email? I said, Do we switch to that first on meeting schedules for basic but? Or we can just talk through, I mean, we've got the 20th, not or the 20th of November scheduled, and I wanted to see if we could do the fourth and the 11th of December, and then I'm thinking the next one would be in January, with Getting into the holidays. Does that work for everyone? I for serving the December 4 and December 11.

Matthias Miller  16:11
Yep, okay, I'll move that over. Yeah, we'll

Speaker 4  16:14
plan for that. And hopefully, I mean, if something turns up where we need we think we need another meeting, then we can discuss at that point. But let's plan for that, and then that would be the Yeah, take us to the 25 Wow, good.

Unknown Speaker  16:31
So on the agenda, I think the i

Speaker 4  16:46
Let's start with the fix. Ari. Want to start with that. This is probably the biggest one. I did not look at the report you created, and I did not look at the morning news either.

Matthias Miller  17:02
Well, but I'm proud of you.

Unknown Speaker  17:07
DREW You looked at them a little bit, but

Speaker 3  17:10
I basically, I need you to explain what all you're saying.

Matthias Miller  17:17
All right, so on the on the balance difference we do not currently. I found this after Seth left. Left last night. Unfortunately, he thought a haircut was more important than working with me, and so he so we don't currently handle it. If you have a building with bad debt that we pay tax on and then cancel tax on and then mark is tax exempt afterward. And so we just need to handle that, both for accounting impact and for this. The other big issue is that the the the here, I

Matthias Miller  18:05
7531 is not always equal to these numbers, the sum of these numbers, so we have some rounding discrepancies, which is creating some trouble for us in terms of Tying out the balance that one's not a super clear one. I don't know if there's a one that's a little easier to see what's most of these are because of corrections then too. So Seth and I have to get our heads together and figure out how we're gonna how we're gonna have these tie out to the penny. I think

Speaker 3  18:42
so it does have to do with something that was taxable or not, but it was taxable, and then it had a bad debt write off, and then it got switched to non tax.

Matthias Miller  18:57
That's just this one, just the top one. Oh,

Speaker 4  18:59
okay, so, okay, walk us through that one the facts. Just drag your wrap my mind around what happened here and what it's okay.

Matthias Miller  19:09
So we typically say that we'll look at this payment row for bad debt, unless you have sales tax history rows. But what happens when? But if it's non taxable, then we zero out the bad debt in the sales tax history, because it's, there's, there's no tax implications. And therefore we So, so therefore we look at this, the sales tax history run, we say, Oh, wait, like we basically paid $0 and you still owe the full balance.

Speaker 4  19:50
Now this, when does this happen? When we switch to like, When?

Matthias Miller  19:56
When you process sales tax liability with a bad debt payment? Right? And then market is tax exempt after that,

Speaker 3  20:06
because, because it would have the original bad debt, would have calculated in how much sales tax is going to be and how much of it is bad debt. And now we're coming back saying, well, there was none. Yep, so are we then not correcting it when it like, when it gets marked as tax exempt? Are we not correcting that change on the bad debt side? Or I think,

Matthias Miller  20:37
I think what we need to do is, I is probably as of tax history is working correctly? Yeah, everything's fine. It's just our method of calculating. We're needing to jump through funny hoops to say what is the balance as of which date, because we're relying on the sales tax history to tell us what the bad debt amount is, at what point

Speaker 4  21:05
now are you seeing the as far as the tax payments that's in sales tax history, all of that's working correctly, yes, and the but the accounting transactions are not always reflecting that correctly. Well,

Unknown Speaker  21:20
counting transactions and accounting balance.

Matthias Miller  21:25
I think, I think it's, it might actually be right now or mostly right, mostly correct right now. I'm not sure. So,

Speaker 3  21:33
like in this case, basically there's no update to what the bad debt RG had posted

Matthias Miller  21:44
it. Well, okay, here's the very let me see if I can say it differently the way it works today in the live system, everything's fine, but our fix to handle the account balance throughout the life of the invoice is not working for this one,

Speaker 4  22:04
and the account balance is showing on the AR report. Is that correct? But not and not account right? So are you saying accounting is is correct? It's only the reporting.

Matthias Miller  22:14
I don't think no accounting is not right either. Okay, no, not with our proposed changes. Our proposed changes need to handle this in both cases. So I don't think you guys have to worry too much about this. You just need to know that on this sales order, we're going to fix it and make it work.

Speaker 4  22:31
And so is this a change that so as far as auditing AR, we should wait until

Matthias Miller  22:42
this fix is live. Yes, we'll have to, we'll have to try to get this we'll want to try to get this nailed down by the weekend. Okay, yes, you're gonna have all kinds of nightmares. This report Drew's like a man like this report shows you how the balance is going to change. As of 630 we're going to show a $5.27 $5.27 cent balance. And as of 3731 when we fix our rounding issues, we're going to show a one $0 balance.

Speaker 1  23:16
That's a difference there, not the new balance.

Matthias Miller  23:19
I'm sorry, we're going to show the columns at this time. Titled, no, you're right. We're going to show the same balance, 7531 for 625, we're going to show a greater an overpayment of 1054, on 630, and overpayment of 491, 492, once we fix rounding on the 31st and so you can see here the discrepancies that you would have had trying to tie out AR and yeah, and accounting,

Unknown Speaker  23:52
hey, but there's not and so there's 48 for, for which count is this all companies?

Matthias Miller  23:59
This is it is all companies, so 48 not A,

Speaker 4  24:03
not a huge amount, okay, but drew you had thought that at one point you said AR was pretty much, you believe like it was matching the balance sheet. I think, yeah, were we closed? But not

Speaker 3  24:20
Yeah, I think, yeah. But then that was before we came up with the sales tax problem that resurrected out of was it customer deposits?

Unknown Speaker  24:34
Oh, I think.

Speaker 3  24:36
And then, and then we've had a little snowball of issues ever since fixing the AR. I mean, the sales tax problem,

Unknown Speaker  24:45
so, so

Speaker 4  24:50
well, I was just got so on the AR thing. With this fix, you believe that, based on what we know now, this should fix AR, and it's. Higher day.

Matthias Miller  25:02
I mean, I think so the most willing to promise is that I think this gets us closer to tying it out.

Speaker 4  25:12
Well, that's, that's great. I mean, we've, again, I've said this a number of times, but doing this account audit, okay, although it has been much bigger than I ever anticipated, it has it turns up problem issues. It's not just right, like we're honing in on what's on these edge cases. So I think it's Oh, it's painful, it's great.

Speaker 3  25:40
So primarily, the fix that you're doing is a fix to the report, right? I mean, like, no, it's also fixed to the report.

Matthias Miller  25:49
It's also here, which is going to be really painful for you to look at, but it's also to accounting impact, okay?

Speaker 3  26:00
Because, yeah, because there was an accounting impact that needed fixed on that amount that it was posting for bad debt and stuff, given some of those weird situations. Okay,

Matthias Miller  26:12
yep, and then, and then our rounding issues is gonna affect us on both. Yeah, it's 50 rows. I mean, it's 48 on both.

Speaker 4  26:21
Now this is on the sales order side, so it also affects the sales orders.

Matthias Miller  26:26
All of this is sales orders, but yeah, it affects transactions for sales orders. Yes,

Speaker 4  26:34
good. So, so our job on AR is wait till the update and then go double check here we're verified, yep, and

Matthias Miller  26:43
breathe a prayer for Seth and Matthias while you're at it. Now.

Speaker 4  26:47
Okay, here's question to you guys and drew I know you and Seth have talked about this, but on this account

Unknown Speaker  26:56
balance audit, basically what we're trying to do is for all of the major balance sheet accounts. We're trying to say,

Speaker 4  27:07
we need a report that verifies the number, that breaks down the number in a way that we can understand and use for Operation operationally. That if we say customer deposits is 1 million, and we say, Oh, that's really high that we can see. What is it? So as we, as we go through and test these is, how would you guys, if you were in our shoes trying to validate and audit that? Right now? Okay, let's take the finished goods. We're on the finished goods. We're pulling trial balances for, you know, a date range of, I think we can do seven different dates, and then we're taking that, and then one by one, we're pulling the say, in that case, the finished contemporary report, taking the totals and seeing if we're running off or not. And I know that your discussion through you and Seth had been, well, can you create a report that does that for, you know, every day, for a time frame where it basically looks up the accounting balance, which I think would probably be easier, and then also the report for every day, and compares those side by side and and says it said, Well, it'd be really, really slow report, and it'd be really hard to do. Like, is there something in between our somewhat manual take it out into spreadsheets and compare and then, yeah, is there something in between that, that you got? I don't think you guys would do it in spreadsheets. So I guess I'm asking, is there? I'm asking for advice and help on on that.

Matthias Miller  28:41
I got two options for you. I could tell you how I would do it. I would go write a Python script that runs through a series of dates, downloads the reports from assist, figures out where to look for the for the totals, compares the totals and starts spitting errors when it's not where it needs to be great for one off, but, uh, that's also not great for non developers.

Speaker 4  29:07
Okay, before you, before you talk about the second option, let's have a little discussion on is this something we need ongoing, or is this a one time phase? What do you think like?

Speaker 3  29:20
Well, so one thing that I'm finding is that we are also finding entry errors like that's currently where we're at with FGI. I just went through and every difference that I found is an entry error. So I don't know how else to find the entry errors. You know, if, if we say, okay, you know, we're closing down for March of 26 and oh, the report and balance sheet don't match. Well, we're going to start assuming soon here that it's not a report problem. It's a there's something wrong. Well, the only way to find. Find It is to just day by day, you know, take a chunk and say, does it still match here? Does it still match here? And then if it, if there's a difference, you know, break that down till we find the day to find an isolated amount that we can actually go find. And I don't know how else to do that.

Speaker 4  30:21
That's the only tools we have. And it works. It works, it just takes a lot of time. The so I think, okay, is this going to be an ongoing issue? Not in a perfect world, no. But the reality is, I think it is. I think we're the idea was we're going to want to do this quarterly, like close a quarter, do the audit, and, you know, hopefully 95% of the match, and then if we have tools to look at the other 5% to quickly, zero in on those.

Matthias Miller  30:55
So just, just kind of well. So I think there's Okay. So then the second option that I would do is I would give you a dashboard, and it would show you a prompt for a date, and then you'd have, like, 16 panes, or whatever it is, but you'd have customer deposits report and ledger balance for customer deposits and AR report and thing for AR and, you know, the whole way through. And then you would, you would start it for the end of the period, see if it matches up, find problem spots. And then if you have a problem, go halfway in the quarter, halfway, again, halfway, again, half and narrow it down. That's a that is a poor man's solution, or like a manual solution to to what I proposed in option one, the other option is doing some refactoring and making so that we can build a third Well, it's what would it be? Probably a third version of or secondary version of each of these share logic with, like the customer deposits report and the AR report, so that we can build a single summary audit report that can can calculate it, because we share macros and logic between the two, it's guaranteed to Calculate the same way as that thing's going to calculate, and we can throw the total up and then throw the total of the AR of the ledger appropriate ledger account, on which is just a simple ledger account, tie out.

Speaker 4  32:56
Well, here's here's another suggestion I have is, would it be wise to have, like a dashboard that it's daily, looking at at all of these accounts, and if one of them runs off, it throws an error. We see it on our dashboard, and we go and fix it right then and there.

Matthias Miller  33:20
I mean, it sure, sure, is faster to find than do we get it every quarter?

Speaker 4  33:27
Well, I don't know, is that practical or not, but like, I think you're right through, we're going to get to the point where the errors are because of data entry errors

Speaker 3  33:37
or some, yeah, somebody creates a, you know, vendor invoice and post it to some strange account that they shouldn't and, you know, stuff like that

Matthias Miller  33:49
well, but people should not interactively be posting the customer deposits in AR and some of those, some some of those accounts,

Unknown Speaker  33:56
yeah, Like the finished goods.

Speaker 3  34:01
So two things we found there. I think the system that we have now with returned buildings fixes the problems. But it was just somebody had changed the raw materials values on the building that was the building record of the returned building, not the or the original building, not the return to building, you know, like it's a thing that can happen the new system. This was done before we had the new system, so I don't think it'll

Unknown Speaker  34:31
repeat, right?

Unknown Speaker  34:37
So, based off of all of that, Matthias, I guess what?

Matthias Miller  34:40
I Well, what I feel? I don't know how bad this is, but I'd also be interested in hearing Seth's thoughts. He could tell me how crazy I am on a Thursday morning, but my My instinct is go figure out a way to. To share logic with customer deposit, the customer deposit report and other means of calculating the what we think is the customer deposit total. I kind of feel like, I kind of feel like Seth and I both know, anytime we make accounting impact changes. You got to review it with a fine tooth comb and go see what's going to adjust before you pull the trigger and Seth knows the same thing that as far as making changes to the balance owed. So there's also part of me that's like, ideally logic between the customer deposit report and the accounting Impact Report, long term, they should just stay the same for speed speed because of speed issues, it takes too long to calculate accounting impact. So we can't really share logic. We do have to duplicate logic between the two places, but they should agree. So in short, I would say, refactor to shared logic so that we can create a dashboard report or something like that. And at the point that we do that, we could, we could have a daily email that goes out whenever, or something that goes out whenever there's a discrepancy, and you guys let you guys know, and you guys could fix it

Speaker 3  36:39
quickly. How many situations? I don't know anybody even answer this, but how many situations are there that that time actually fixes itself? In other words, somebody might make an entry that's incomplete or something, and so it'll say, Oh, hey, something's wrong here. And and yet, just simply, in the course of everybody doing their work for a week, it'll, you know, somebody will finish out or fix, or whatever, correct it so that it then is all correct.

Matthias Miller  37:12
Well, we have this theory, and I don't know if it holds up, but the theory is that accounting reflects what's reflected in the accounting system. Yesterday, and so if it's not, if they're not done, it shouldn't show up in accounting. That would be my hypothesis. But I could be proven wrong.

Speaker 4  37:32
I would agree, and I also agree we don't know the answer to that. So if that, if we find, if we create a dashboard, and we find that that truly is an issue that does correct itself, then we could do like a trailing, I don't know, just look at it two weeks trailing or one week trailing, but as long as we built that logic into the so, I mean, are we? Are we better off to for the time being, since we're here's kind of where we're at. The goal had been to try to have, or had been to have this audit done by end of September, and it obviously became way more involved than what I had anticipated. But for for right now, should we start with a cheap solution, one of the cheaper solutions on on auditing this, and then building off of that our dashboard, or, I guess, like kind of where, where I'm at is, unless we have something that helps us with auditing in the next two weeks, then it, it's not that that's when we would really use it. If we anyway,

Matthias Miller  38:52
is Nick still around.

Speaker 4  38:54
He's going to be here tomorrow and Monday, if we Monday, so kind of if we need him, but I'm 95 I'm sure we're going to ask him for Monday as well.

Matthias Miller  39:07
Here's here's my proposal. I

Matthias Miller  39:48
Seth, can we have conditional visibility for or for sub panes for dashboard? Sub panes?

Speaker 1  40:04
Sure. I mean, you can have, can't you allow the user to choose which ones are shown? I don't know if you can have conditional visibility.

Matthias Miller  40:19
No, I don't think I don't think I was going for conditional visibility, so that if they want to just focus in on one. Okay. So then the question is, do you want to do customer deposits? Do you want one that shows all of all the accounts you're trying to reconcile? Or do you want a separate dashboard for each one for customer deposits? One for one for AR, one for etc. Is it

Speaker 3  40:50
going to have the ability to check multiple dates at once?

Speaker 5  40:54
You can how many dates, five dates

Speaker 3  40:57
in it? Then, yeah, let's just go for one account. But if I can't, let's if it's still if the whole thing is as of a singular day

Matthias Miller  41:07
Seth, could we this might be crazy. This might be really crazy, but could we have let you put in five dates with an ask prompt and then use an auto push report to redirect to the right sub you have a selection of what you want to audit, and you have a helper sub pane that redirects to the right sub report

Unknown Speaker  41:38
based on the type, based on the tape, that should be doable,

Speaker 4  41:48
which ones you would have shown up? Well, I think what would what? What I'm thinking is we'd have a report that shows there's about 10 or 12 different ones, that shows those as of a single date. And then if, if there's two that are not matching, then you, you break those out and drill into those and break that down into,

Matthias Miller  42:09
oh, this is easy. This is easy. It's easy for me. I don't have to do the work.

Matthias Miller  42:21
You have a okay?

Matthias Miller  42:27
So you want customer deposits. What all do you want on here?

Speaker 4  42:31
Customer deposits? Accounts received. AR, yeah, AP, received, not. Vouchered, finished FDI, undeposited

Unknown Speaker  42:50
phones and the rest of the I for folder as well.

Speaker 4  43:02
There's more, I know there's, there's like payroll liabilities, or is it? What about sales tax?

Speaker 3  43:11
Well, there's not specifically no a report for sales tax at this point. I mean not, not in this kind of way. I

Matthias Miller  43:26
we're gonna give you guys control, like you guys have not had control in your life. I

Unknown Speaker  43:47
is account. What do you balance? Type? What do you call this? That list? Yeah, I think account is Fine.

Matthias Miller  44:00
Account is fine. Okay? So?

Matthias Miller  44:46
Oh, and then we need the and then we need the date account, and then we should have the

Unknown Speaker  44:56
report name or what are you

Matthias Miller  44:58
referencing there? I. Use checkbox or sorry I

Matthias Miller  45:38
said, Okay, so now you'll have a dashboard. You'll be able to select up to, I mean, is five accounts, good. Technically, you have seven here, 1234567, you're going to run out of space on your screen. I hope you have big screens. You're probably going to have to scroll in order to see and compare totals,

Speaker 4  46:02
yeah. As far as how many I'd have to see, take a look at the balance sheet to make sure.

Speaker 3  46:09
But probably, as we have this, we'll keep adding to the list.

Matthias Miller  46:12
But sure. I mean,

Speaker 4  46:14
are we limiting the number on the list, or will it just make the

Matthias Miller  46:18
No, no Sam, but sounds like Sam is cheeky, and then, yeah, I think I'm sure

Unknown Speaker  46:29
he said a degree of errors that day. But yeah, they played. I'm sure

Matthias Miller  46:41
you're not vouchered. A lot of this stuff, by the way, this is eerily close to this guy that we never quite got off the ground.

Speaker 5  46:58
It's okay. Is it critical to know which delivery cases

Speaker 4  47:04
this list is not critical. No, it's because.

Speaker 5  47:20
Thanks, yeah, do travel to eta, obviously, to hear the others don't say about getting eta. So, okay, sounds good. Thanks. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  47:42
And see it like the okay, if we go to the

Speaker 4  48:01
okay, you're saying pull the accounts off of the chart of accounts.

Matthias Miller  48:04
Well, I'm not sure. Actually, in this case, that might not actually be the I think we,

Speaker 4  48:16
well, okay, above where you're selecting your account, well, like, where, where do we tie the two together? Where we say, if we're looking at this, this GL account, what report corresponds to him,

Matthias Miller  48:35
it'll be in US, in a helper report that he puts together. Okay, we're all together.

Speaker 4  48:41
I know I think that's the only one, but the FDI one is kind of a mis so we have one report with three columns there, and then we have three different accounts. We have a raw materials in production, labor and production. So would we just break that out into three different

Unknown Speaker  49:07
like this, simply different columns all in the same

Speaker 4  49:10
Yeah, they just happened. It would be very similar to this.

Matthias Miller  49:16
Yeah, well, and I mean that what I was planning to do that for each of these you'd have, each of these would trigger two reports. One would be the accounting report. But if we wanted to, we could, we could split it out into customer deposits, Ledger customer deposits, I don't know what you call this, and you could just literally select which report you want to report you want to run, and you just have the FGI, then you can

Speaker 4  49:52
well, would there be or is there a way to it seems cleanest to me to or you say account will be a list of accounts where we. The those accounts are actual GL accounts from like the Chart of Accounts, the actual what's listed on the chart of accounts. And then when the helper report, we say what standard report is tied to it, yeah,

Speaker 3  50:19
where the total is or what total we want.

Matthias Miller  50:24
The problem is. The biggest problem with that is that there's no setting for payroll liability, so we don't have a good way to identify I mean, let's do I'm happy. I'm happy with that. I'm completely fine with that. The biggest issue is that I

Unknown Speaker  50:43
Oh, you're saying we do not have a a payroll liabilities report that we Yeah,

Matthias Miller  50:50
well, let's, let's leave payroll liabilities off. And we need an accounting company setting for payroll liabilities account, and we need add a payroll liabilities.

Speaker 4  51:01
But, okay, the payroll lab, it was thinking about that more. That's, that's, we can get rid of that completely, because we're only concerned about things that we're going to have, reporting that we we currently have, or are working on having standard reports, and it says, and auditing those with the balance sheet accounts. So yeah, because the payroll liability is this thing where we just ask Whitney, Hey, what are you showing QuickBooks for your payroll liabilities?

Unknown Speaker  51:30
And then we Okay, I like that.

Speaker 4  51:42
So does your helper report? Is that where you feel it, you fill in the details on the helper report, on what you want to auto pop or to show up

Matthias Miller  51:51
you would, you would open the dashboard. Actually, you could do something like this,

Speaker 4  52:01
like for most of these, they'll always be the same. Thing will be, I think you could, we could have default accounts on the dashboard when we open it. Well, all of that would be company specific, I guess, like, we're always going to want to look at the same five of seven accounts. And the rare occasion we want to look at something else,

Unknown Speaker  52:28
you use a favorite,

Speaker 4  52:31
yeah, and just save your ass. Or which would save, yeah, I might have

Unknown Speaker  52:37
to change dates or something. But

Matthias Miller  52:41
eight, well, you can also use a little question mark to default it so this only shows five. Probably you're going to need you're going to run out of screen space, unless you guys have way bigger screens. And I think you do. I wonder if what you actually want to do is do four, and then for each company, have two one for, I don't know, pick half and pick the other half.

Speaker 4  53:08
Well, what if we will? Yeah, if we would just do one like we just, we look at each one individually for now, and if we ever want to combine more onto a like I would be tempted to say that we've just opened this report. We say, Okay, you want to look at customer deposits, and then that's all good. Now we want to look at AR, that's all good. Now we're gonna look at AP. And then, in the future, if we say, Okay, this is can we combine four or eight onto a screen and we just scroll through them, then we do that, rather than trying to combine them all. Now, I don't know is that? I mean,

Matthias Miller  53:48
it's not that much more work to combine them all now, but if you want to wait, that's I completely fine with that.

Speaker 4  53:55
You're saying it's not more work to combine them now.

Matthias Miller  53:58
No, not significant

Speaker 3  54:01
can we make so that if we just don't enter anything on, you know, if we give it eight different selection points, if we just don't enter anything in half of them, that it won't take up screen space and it'll

Matthias Miller  54:12
just No function, like four, nope.

Speaker 4  54:22
So we have eight now, well, let's do it.

Matthias Miller  54:25
Let's do it with two. Let's start with two, and we can always create different versions of this. You can have a version of two, a version of four, a version of eight. You.

Matthias Miller  55:21
And if you guys want more, we'll, we'll add more. I mean,

Speaker 4  55:26
oh, here you're saying what we've The proposal would do these eight.

Matthias Miller  55:32
You would pick from one of these. I thought that's what you guys were saying. You want to go back to just picking to one of these eight.

Speaker 4  55:38
Oh, just doing one at a time. Yeah, that's you're saying the current proposal. We would look at customer deposits. We would only look at one custom and then we go

Speaker 1  55:50
back into the Don't you want multiple dates? Though? Yeah, you

Matthias Miller  55:55
want multiple dates. How many dates Do you want?

Unknown Speaker  56:01
Four or five? Yeah.

Speaker 3  56:16
I don't know that we actually need the accounting ledger more just the balance.

Matthias Miller  56:25
The easiest way to get that. I mean, what's the easiest isn't the legs? What's the easiest way to

Speaker 4  56:31
for me, it's, it's going to the trial balance. That's the fastest report we have, or that I use, go the trial balance and pull the number off of there. But I don't know how that works underneath it.

Matthias Miller  56:41
Oh, we could do a so then we could do four comparison dates.

Speaker 4  56:46
You can do a total of five dates. So that's what we that's what I think.

Matthias Miller  56:49
Oh, okay, well, let's do that. That makes it easier. 12, 141, okay, then date 12345, then show a helper report with left pain. Left pain is trial balance with the five dates filled in.

Speaker 4  57:21
Is that true? Is that debit, credit does? Does that need to be taken into consideration? The Trial Balance always like, it's not like a general ledger where you have, where you have to add and subtract debit. I mean, it's always in one column or

Speaker 3  57:36
the other, right? You right? It's just wherever the balance sits, and

Speaker 4  57:39
it's always going to be in a debit or credit. It never falls. Correct. Okay, correct.

Unknown Speaker  57:52
Okay. I

Speaker 1  58:12
eight for the first paying USA with the five dates and account, building dates with the accounting company, accounting company and account,

Matthias Miller  58:30
yeah, well, we don't do we? It doesn't prompt for a does it not? Oh, it doesn't. No, it doesn't at all. So you have to find, yeah, what it is. I mean, we could conceivably debits

Matthias Miller  58:52
and credits were dating before.

Unknown Speaker  58:56
Is this a it's a local micro.

Speaker 4  59:03
I haven't found anywhere where the trial balance. I mean, I think it always matches what I found. It always matches balance sheet. I guess I haven't compared those two, but I haven't found it should.

Matthias Miller  59:17
Yeah, that's fair, and we can always simplify and streamline later. I think the goal still, still remains. Let's get us 80% of the way. This one's not relevant anymore.

Speaker 4  59:33
So can you, rather than actually go to the trial balance report, you can just copy the logic that that's using on a given account and bring that in,

Matthias Miller  59:44
I mean, we could I wonder, if I wonder how they would feel, Joel would feel about allowing a filter by balance or by account? I.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:01
A balance sheet anymore, but, yeah,

Speaker 7  1:00:07
I can make it then do a VLOOKUP for the right that's getting closer

Unknown Speaker  1:00:13
to his python script. Thing

Unknown Speaker  1:00:22
you if it's by date

Speaker 4  1:00:32
Drew, either we're we're really into the entitlement mentality that Matthias occasionally the

Speaker 6  1:00:37
mindset, yeah, I think so, having the software do all the work, or we're pushing the limits of

Speaker 4  1:00:49
so, hopefully the latter enough.

Matthias Miller  1:00:58
I mean, I don't know. I mean, there's, I guess there's no reason why debit by date, debits By Date grouping key filter dates,

Speaker 3  1:01:19
theoretically, there should be, as time goes on, more and more occasions where we open up the report, we open up the balance sheet, and hey, they match like, you know, like that should be more common than it is now, with the reports working. And then if they don't, it should be, if we're doing it quarterly, it should be a fairly small task to go back to that last quarter that was done and say, Oh yeah, it does still match there. So we got an entry problem in between here somewhere. It's like, it should not be the time consuming task that it is now,

Speaker 4  1:01:55
because we're finding, we're finding some old stuff that was,

Speaker 3  1:01:59
oh yeah, like, we got issues in 2003 23 and stuff,

Speaker 4  1:02:05
and some we don't need cores in 2021 we don't

Unknown Speaker  1:02:12
even know if it was it just looks like it now.

Matthias Miller  1:02:20
Seth, should I be worried about just cloning this thing?

Speaker 1  1:02:25
I mean, given we've been trying not to, probably, but

Matthias Miller  1:02:30
so Okay, again, if this is more important than everything else that we've got is this is the number one screaming priority, let's take the time to spec it out. Now, if not, let's use the trial balance.

Speaker 1  1:02:44
So I'm sorely tempted to just throw a mass prompt on the report, but maybe that's janky. Probably

Matthias Miller  1:02:55
well, why couldn't we do a client, custom, let's see standard. Let's Well, no notice. Oh. Jules Seth,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:09
can you do custom on account, though, As in asthma, ops,

Matthias Miller  1:03:18
trial, balance, subset, YEAH. I

Speaker 1  1:04:19
The alternative is custom report is it could be nicer to have rows for the date, I would think, if we're limiting to one account, right?

Matthias Miller  1:04:31
But with this, you could just have a skinny thing paint across the top. Oh, that, yeah, that's fair. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:04:44
All right, here's the proposal is we're going to have a way to filter down trial balance. I know it doesn't make sense, really, because, but whatever. Who cares? And then you can have that skinny across the top, across the whole report, and see all the little sub reports across. Us to

Matthias Miller  1:05:38
all right, I think we have A solution. We'll pending Joel. In the meantime, the trial balance is going to be a big fat list. You don't have to do a search. But if Joel's happy, we can maybe get you something by Monday.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:53
Is this still something that we should have make? I mean, that we should, we should have Nick do based off of this, and then

Unknown Speaker  1:06:08
I think so.

Speaker 4  1:06:09
I mean, just for an idea on, I guess, how we use his time is, is this something that's going to take most of the day? Couple hours,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:23
I think a couple hours, and

Speaker 4  1:06:25
you would expect this, okay, but Matthias, you were saying you can probably have something by Monday. Was that something else, other than for the

Matthias Miller  1:06:35
trial balance to get the trial balance narrowed down? Oh, did just one row.

Speaker 4  1:06:41
What Nick Okay, you're saying. What Nick can do? Could do to tomorrow would be to pull in the entire trial balance, basically,

Matthias Miller  1:06:50
yeah,

Speaker 4  1:06:53
oh, well, then, okay, so, so what Nick could create right now would be, have the entire trial balance, and we just have to scroll through and find the Craig account, which would still be way quicker than what we have now,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:09
okay, because we got to do that part too.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:11
Anyway, yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  1:07:14
might have one suggestion, though, to copy this to its own incident.

Matthias Miller  1:07:18
But you know, that's not the worst thing in the world.

Speaker 1  1:07:23
Can we make it a child? Sure, or maybe that's, I think it'd be worthwhile to track how some of these guys grow. If you do a hierarchy like that, you can see more easily

Matthias Miller  1:07:38
what what priority do you want on it?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:43
Well, the highest priority really, because it's, I mean, this is, I

Unknown Speaker  1:07:53
think so, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:07:56
throw Seth on here as well.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:02
Oh yeah. Okay, good, Yep, good,

Matthias Miller  1:08:17
actually, let's Do this. Hang on.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:22
Let's process,

Matthias Miller  1:08:44
okay, good. Very good. All right, so then this is in the this is still in our court, Seth, Seth, and I need to get our heads together and fix it. But I think, are you guys, I'm happy where this is at. I think, I think we're inching in the right direction, but

Unknown Speaker  1:09:04
I am, yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  1:09:17
Okay, Josh is this is back in you guys's court. I think Josh said he when was the backfill.

Speaker 4  1:09:26
So Josh, we just talked to him this morning, and he said that change will go live this weekend. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  1:09:35
Monday, you guys can take a look at this. This is back in your court. I think I So,

Speaker 4  1:09:45
I mean, you were on the call with Josh as well. I'm trying to remember what I was asking Josh to just explain to help me better understand and my interpretation. Was that this is way, this is oversimplified, but Josh is going, there are times when we process a stripe payment, or stripe does not give us all the information, or does not have all the information yet at that time. So he's going to do a nightly run to grab that information. And so moving forward, that should mean that all stripe payments should be tied out to a known sales order, like on the accounting side. But I guess none of us were quite, quite sure that that's whether we're understanding that correctly or not, like I was looking at a cat, we have a cash and credit card transactions report where we show a number of stripe payments that say unknown sales order. Like with that, does this change? Fix that to where we don't have we shouldn't have any stripe payments that say unknown sales orders, like they all know where. They're tied out to

Unknown Speaker  1:11:19
who you pointing the question at, what? Who were you pointing the question at?

Speaker 4  1:11:26
Oh, Matthias. Well, okay, I mean, Dwayne, unless you have something to add, no, I don't

Speaker 2  1:11:31
have anything to add. You started with my name, and I think Matthias was thinking the question was to me.

Matthias Miller  1:11:37
Sorry, I was can you? Can you repeat your question. I spaced for a minute too.

Speaker 4  1:11:42
So yeah, Dwayne, I was thinking you might be able to fill in with so Okay, let's do this. Matthias, let's go to the open up the I think this will be quicker open up the cash and credit card transactions report. It's one place where we could look do and select BS or ABC is fine for the month of October. I know they're still there, and for the primary checking, just to primary checking, that one, yeah, okay, run that. And then towards the bottom of the deposits, there's some stripe, I think

Speaker 4  1:12:29
we're still in or further up, yeah, keep going there. So we a bunch of stripe charges that say unknown sales order. And then we also have further down, there's like a Tom buyer and Tyler Wilson that have a strike payment. What Josh is doing makes so that those, all of those 20 or so strike charging unknown sales orders, that that will change to where we actually sales order they're tied to, right? And what are the other changes that will that that will resolve, or what's that going to

Matthias Miller  1:13:09
Well, that's going to give us, allow us to properly show these on the customer deposits report. That's the big thing that we're getting for here.

Speaker 4  1:13:16
So the customer deposits report, excuse me, it won't on the accounting report, nothing will change. It just allows us to report them correctly on the customer deposits report.

Matthias Miller  1:13:34
Is that the change? Yeah, so customer deposit reports relies on the transaction ID to know, to tie it out. And so, yeah, yep, good

Speaker 4  1:13:51
is this like, well, let's, let's go through and look at customer deposits report yet, and then we can, we can look at timeframe and priority, I guess. Unless there's more to look at on this or more to discuss, I

Matthias Miller  1:14:13
don't think so. This one's hung up on, well, hey, sales order on the report after invoice date, but between it should not it is later canceled.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:30
Later cancel. Some

Speaker 4  1:14:35
strange canceled between the invoice date and the cancel date. So they

Speaker 3  1:14:38
cancel it? No, they so there was customer deposit, and then it got invoiced, which is what happens, and then it's canceled, but it's showing on the report as a customer deposit between, you know, after you invoice, it's no longer a deposit. It's now pay. Payment. So between the invoice and the cancel date, it shouldn't be on the customer deposits for it, because it's it's not a deposit, it's a panel to that point.

Speaker 4  1:15:14
And you're saying this one is Yeah, and that kind of thing.

Matthias Miller  1:15:18
It's 831 screenshot. Of 831 but here it says 915 So which one is it?

Speaker 3  1:15:28
Um, 831 as of Oh, the 915 is the name of the report. Like it's not a standard report.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:44
It'll always,

Matthias Miller  1:15:45
yeah, that's terrible.

Speaker 1  1:15:50
Well, it's in that way to use this standard customer deposits, I

Unknown Speaker  1:15:54
think it's we never got there yet. We haven't

Matthias Miller  1:15:57
gotten this. We've been we've been meaning to it just hasn't ever gotten good enough for us to sign off on it and stand on it and

Speaker 4  1:16:03
standardize it has. The other one positive funds, is that what?

Speaker 3  1:16:06
I think that's still a user as well. No, I can't say.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:12
After a while it all kind of at

Speaker 1  1:16:15
some point it'd be better just to push them to standard and then we, otherwise, we people get confused which report we're talking about. People aren't using the standard one anyway. Might as well take the halfway there, User Report standard.

Speaker 4  1:16:33
I think that's a great idea. Otherwise, if I want to look at the report, I scratch my head. Says, Where is that? I should say my favorites. And then I go into the incidents, find the link. But some of these incidents have multiple,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:50
have so many links anymore. Well, that's why my favorites list was so long,

Speaker 4  1:16:59
yeah, but you didn't use all of them anymore. I'm sure. Oh

Speaker 3  1:17:02
no, definitely not. But originally it hit the Favorites list so that I know where it

Speaker 1  1:17:06
is. Hey, can I have Sean make this customer deposits report standard and make that one change, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:17:14
and then delete that. Do you want to are you happy with nailing down exactly what this should be? Sure? Does it show does it show up? Day of cancelation, back on the list, or day after day of right,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:33
Day of

Speaker 3  1:17:38
so like this particular one was canceled.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:46
Well, I mean, it's sure,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:50
if it sounds I think, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:17:56
I mean, as of cancelation date, we reverse it. So, yes, I um,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:17
can we standardize under positive funds as well?

Speaker 4  1:18:20
Well, we weren't sure that we got a standard report for that or not. Yeah, we do. Yeah. Okay, that one's think that one's good. I think this is the only one remaining that's not standard. We should

Speaker 3  1:18:39
is the undeposited funds, standard one, the one that we're actually using. No, okay, replace the standard one. Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:51
Okay, good, good.

Matthias Miller  1:18:59
Very, good. Is there anything? Is this just informational?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:08
Yeah, I think we've got that all taken care of. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:19:23
it good. So that takes us down to

Speaker 4  1:19:27
Yeah. I mean, unless you guys have something on those, those, the only other one is the 45 okay. Do we still need the the 4500 transactions in accounting? We probably should look at that. Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:19:47
Because it basically renders that, that mismatch report useless, because I can't find what's real issues and what's

Speaker 6  1:19:58
just you. Any Miller, Miller building records,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:01
and it's all already had

Matthias Miller  1:20:04
a week ago. Yeah, these are all related to those fixes that I pushed for FGI, right?

Speaker 3  1:20:15
I mean, it's all building, built, building, invoice, that sort of things. But when I was looking at some of them,

Speaker 3  1:20:31
211, like it's going to make a huge I mean, it appears that it will make a big difference for 2025, books, and I'm not sure if it should like, Is it such old stuff that's been figured into our accounting, you know, like With our original journal entries, that are we now duplicating? You know, if it happened prior to 24 we may be just changing stuff that never actually hit the books, and they were going by something else. And

Matthias Miller  1:21:15
why are these showing up? Because the net impact.

Matthias Miller  1:21:31
What am I missing? There is no impact currently, that's why. So why did we used to have an impact?

Unknown Speaker  1:21:53
Why is the expected date all 1231,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:57
that's that's a lot. There's something else,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:09
because there's rose in there for 1231,

Matthias Miller  1:22:15
well, we did adjust the actual cost, so there's that. Um,

Speaker 1  1:22:27
I go to what's up a few lines, 210, is that one up to another line? Yeah. Actual, yeah. Row was added.

Matthias Miller  1:22:50
Did we add in? No, it wasn't added. It was modified actual cost, and we adjusted the actual cost, I mean, you adjusted the actual cost of the building. So I'm not sure by how much.

Matthias Miller  1:23:18
What is this proposing? I

Matthias Miller  1:23:25
go. It's proposing,

Speaker 6  1:23:33
gonna add colleagues, or no, it's, is it? It's adding cogs labor and taking away,

Matthias Miller  1:23:46
that's right. It's expensing it, right?

Speaker 3  1:23:51
Well, yes, except for that overhead is is actually going to lower it like, so the net P and L difference for 2025 is going to be like $16

Unknown Speaker  1:24:09
lower expense.

Matthias Miller  1:24:12
We're moving from. We're moving things from, but, I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:24:21
but I mean, but isn't this? Isn't this? What happened here?

Speaker 3  1:24:26
We reduced, but what's the date on this building like? Is this a building from 24

Matthias Miller  1:24:39
Okay, in 24 we adjusted the cost.

Speaker 4  1:24:45
And was that? I think we adjusted up until this, this was towards the end of April. Were we still closing folks at that point, like, was this prior? Yeah. Right, or four, three, and it's expected was because we could see lock periods. When we said that, when we did that lock period mod, occasionally, she would probably tell us that, but,

Speaker 6  1:25:19
oh, but, oh, so

Speaker 3  1:25:24
Are most of these ones that have to do with applying action costs,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:33
and now it's

Unknown Speaker  1:25:39
why would we be trying to apply to costs last year.

Speaker 4  1:25:44
So my guess is we changed this. We were still doing this as we were closing 24 close. We were into March and April is we were still doing that?

Unknown Speaker  1:25:57
Yeah, yeah. But then

Unknown Speaker  1:26:01
it wouldn't have been locked at that point. You should have just posted,

Matthias Miller  1:26:03
well, well, we changed logic on FGI, handling her. There was a weird situation in which we were applying the wrong thing at the wrong time.

Speaker 3  1:26:16
So is it possible that there which event is this particular one? Like? Could there be another event for this building reverses its effect? In other words, the net of all the events on this particular thing might actually not be much at all. So

Unknown Speaker  1:26:43
yes. So if we, well, let's do this.

Matthias Miller  1:26:52
Okay, this is the only time this guy shows no so maybe we should. We should sort this report by level and record ID,

Speaker 3  1:27:16
because, yeah, it could be that it's all legitimate adjustments and

Matthias Miller  1:27:21
that there's no functional change,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:23
yeah? Like,

Speaker 3  1:27:32
you know, like, if it's just, oh, it's not supposed to be this date, it's supposed to be this date. And then the next thing says, which means we also switch this date, which means we also and they just all come out.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:43
Okay, let's try this. I thought we only keep ones with net. Net changes

Matthias Miller  1:27:52
based on the event type, but, but it's possible that event types changed and stuff shifted from one event to the another,

Speaker 3  1:28:02
because I, I have seen that happen with something. I forget what it was where there's multiple event

Matthias Miller  1:28:08
types. Do you have an open, open day, like, January 2?

Speaker 4  1:28:16
Well, we haven't logged anything in 25 yet. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:28:19
But like, if you have a day, like, Okay, well here, like, get production overhead to finish goods. I mean, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:32
So those are all for the same building.

Matthias Miller  1:28:34
These are all for the same building.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:38
What are the days? December? October, October, October, September. Building cost supply invoice. Built cost supplied.

Speaker 1  1:28:57
Let's do the bottom one is a different record. Bottom one. Well, you were right. I think Drew was looking at this. There's another one down there.

Matthias Miller  1:29:08
Not gonna let me do that.

Matthias Miller  1:29:15
Okay, so we have

Matthias Miller  1:29:22
see this one cancels. This one cancels. This one cancels. That's this one cancels. This one cancels. I think it's just dating when these get applied. So here's my proposal. Let's figure out a way to look for records. Oh, 267, not this.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:54
Oh, this one is a different

Matthias Miller  1:29:55
there it is. Okay, no, that one. I mean, now we're back into OH. So it's just dating. So my proposal is, could we change the account impact transaction mismatches to this is, this is crazy, but can we do a net impact per record and group those at the top in its own section? If the total net impact per record is the same? Or should we take it one step further? Well, no, I mean just that and then and potentially, have a filter where we say only include Net Zero record changes, whatever. And if that's the case, then I don't know, somebody gets to go through painstakingly creating all the correction transactions, but you know, it's all going to end up back to zero again.

Speaker 3  1:31:02
Can we have some function that posts everything for that record.

Matthias Miller  1:31:12
Like, it needs to be five different transactions, right?

Speaker 3  1:31:20
But, like, currently, if we want something to go ahead and post, we have to click the little thingy on the left and, you know, go through for each one. I mean, 4500 is just my, my whatever entitlement mentality saying that that's going to be too much. But I'm just wondering, is there a way that we can say, Okay, if it groups by that total net zero or that record and this one zeros out, can I just say, Okay, I want to fix this whole record, just everything with this record, just post it. Or maybe there's some other way to speed it

Speaker 4  1:32:03
up. And if you're saying, You're, we're thinking that if, if they're net zero, and a lot of these probably are, then it'll just shift some needs around in 24

Speaker 3  1:32:14
No, it'll, it'll make a bunch of 2025, entries, but they won't actually have an effect on anything like it all, opposed to one 125 and the ledger for one 125 will look really long, but it'll all zero out, so it makes it annoying.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:38
Do we have a or would there be good reason to

Matthias Miller  1:32:44
not do do we have somebody that we're paying substantially less than drew that we'd be willing to have them take a day or two data? Or am I just being completely obnoxious here?

Speaker 4  1:33:00
Don't, don't we have, okay, it seems like we've got enough other stuff to keep us occupied for the next and maybe we should just leave, leave this one sit. I don't think this is affecting. Why are we actually looking at this one like this? We don't think this is affecting, well, our audits. Do we? Well,

Speaker 3  1:33:17
not our audits. But what I don't know is, Is there stuff in here that should be pushed through that does affect something and needs, needs some directions pushed through? Because 4500 buildings, I you know, you can't look down through it and figure out, oh, there's something here that needs fixed.

Speaker 4  1:33:36
Or a real question is, will this shift or one, 125, balance which we're now, and we're trying to get to a point, let's say, let's finish goods on the we're trying to get the raw materials as of 930 and 1031 to match. And we don't want to do that until we know what the net net effect,

Speaker 3  1:33:57
right, right? Because if I you know to get once. Once we say our report's working, and we do this whole reconcile. Say, Okay, one, 125, is off by X dollars. So then I post journal entry. Well, if there's stuff in here, then my journal entry is invalid anymore, and I gotta write another so that's why I need this to go to zero.

Speaker 4  1:34:18
But if, if these all zero each other out. Then, yeah, then we just ignore

Speaker 3  1:34:24
it. We can, if we know that. So I like the idea of saying, you know, ignore all the records that go to zero with that balance at zero. But there's

Matthias Miller  1:34:35
already an inordinate amount of complexity in this thing. That's the thing that is problematic. Problematic.

Speaker 4  1:34:47
Well, with everything else we have, I would be tempted to say we just, we table this for right now, we can still do our audits all the way back to one, one like if we're tracking you. If our one two balance, if we get to the point where a one two balance, that the difference between a one two balance between the report and the the account is same today as it goes back on one two, then we know that that's all accurate. We can make an adjustment.

Speaker 3  1:35:22
Yeah, it just means, if something would show up in here, we have to just change our beginning here. That's all it is. We can still make sure that everything is tracking.

Speaker 4  1:35:34
We would do that we make our adjusting entries, and then we come back and look at this.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:40
I mean, I think we,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:46
unless you have an easy way.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:52
Is there a way to

Unknown Speaker  1:35:55
like if you, well, no, I

Speaker 4  1:36:08
Matthias, are you? We're at 11 past 11 o'clock already. We're good to keep going a bit, but if you need to drop

Matthias Miller  1:36:18
we can try it. Right? Yeah, I've got some time.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:30
Well, should we look at at

Speaker 4  1:36:33
priority and timeframe on the others first and then come back to this? Yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:38
yep, so should

Speaker 4  1:36:39
we I think we really have three. It's the fixed AR report, the undeposited fund strike thing, and then the customer deposits report. So do you have a feel for what the size of those? So we can,

Matthias Miller  1:37:02
I mean, we have another Seth, and I have another hour or two on this one, and then there's going to be but that'll get, I mean, we kind of have to get that one done this week. I think this one we're waiting until Monday, so we don't know if there's anything more customer deposits report. That's, I don't know, Seth, is this something that you can knock out this week or not? Probably that's, that's, these are small jobs. The other thing I will note, because because of time capacity allocation. I think Josh talked to you about, I'm planning to work on cash flows this month and so. But like, these are not, these are like, it's a little bit of time this week, but it's not crazy.

Speaker 4  1:38:06
Well, okay, so, so if all goes well, we'll have the ER report and the customer deposits fixed. Go Live this weekend, then next week, we'll look at any positive fund see if there's any changes that need to happen. If not that one's done as well, like, if Josh Speaks, right, yeah, well, I think we should.

Speaker 4  1:38:35
I mean, should we look at the Okay, so that's great. I mean, I'm excited to see those changes come live, and we that alongside with what Nick's going to be doing

Speaker 1  1:38:48
that before make it. Didn't get that payroll report done,

Speaker 4  1:38:54
no or 13. He

Unknown Speaker  1:38:59
thought he was working on it.

Speaker 4  1:39:01
He was and then I think Kim and Aaron had a bit of misunderstanding. It's, I think they want to look at it either tomorrow. So I think it's pretty much done. I mean, he, yeah, he just needs to take the logic from his user report and put it into existing standard report, so I didn't consider that one done. So I guess what is, what is priority? Well, so the the Q, the 14, the Create import for payroll data, I think it's the next, is the next big one, or one of the next big ones, and which I don't think there's anything, at this point, anything to be reviewed or looked at on. That one, and then Matthias, you're going to be going jumping into cash

Unknown Speaker  1:40:07
flow, right?

Speaker 4  1:40:11
So are we? We're two weeks until the next meeting. Is there? Are we

Speaker 4  1:40:22
going to run out of stuff in that timeframe? I mean, not on, yeah, what else do we have on the list? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:36
okay, cash flow.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:41
Seth on the so the wholesale dealer portal, the revised sales wall or what are those?

Speaker 1  1:40:53
I my part of wholesale dealer portal is done. I haven't heard anything for probably not a month, but close sales, wall board, I haven't done anything with okay, but that's that's in your court, right? That's you think so. And then the improved project management, that's also my court. I've not started on it, okay?

Speaker 4  1:41:15
So I think the way we have them listed, I wouldn't change. I think the product is great. There's so I think we should look at 4500 transactions. Like, where do we prioritize that? Or do we guess Drew? Matthias, what? What are your suggestions there? Could we drew? Could we just, what if we would, what if we would take that report and create totals on what the net accounting impact would be on on one, one per company? Can you

Unknown Speaker  1:42:00
and download or copy the report in some fashion?

Matthias Miller  1:42:04
No, I think, I think we're

Speaker 4  1:42:08
getting close here, if that tells us that we're within, you know, it's only a small amount of adjustment. We just couldn't, we just push the whole thing through it. Think,

Matthias Miller  1:42:27
I think we are actually pretty close.

Speaker 6  1:42:36
There is a bunch of complexity in there. Yeah, we have look for this. But no, not this, but yes, if this

Speaker 4  1:42:49
Seth, how many years of learning and training does it take to do something like this? Oh, it looks to me like this is about at the level of a doctor doing separating Siamese twins or doing surgery.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:08
I don't know if it's quite that bad.

Speaker 1  1:43:16
I mean, this is a collaboration of Matthias and I so I could have, I'm trying to remember what I was even in here. I'm pretty sure I could code this. I think it would, if I would do by myself, it would tend to, it would tend to be more complicated than it would need to be.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:40
And I've got, what, four years, four years of full time experience, basically, oh, this is

Matthias Miller  1:43:47
going to be horribly slow. But

Matthias Miller  1:44:02
I actually it's,

Matthias Miller  1:44:14
I mean, if we're, I think, I think this is actually could potentially get us pretty close to Being able to group be 64, DECO,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:33
640, 40 better,

Matthias Miller  1:44:40
on, see if we can bring the system down to its knees. So Seth, if we currently the model is breaking it out by by transaction ID, but if we would change the model to group by record ID. Here, and then we could look at the net impact and put something in the repeating list, so that we can group zero net record level net impact. Or if we really wanted to ignore all records that have a net zero impact, maybe that's the right thing to do. That would actually, we could then exclude all of them historically for that on that basis. Now, the one question is, what did this drop from? Oh, it's it didn't drop.

Speaker 1  1:45:36
It's just it's still working. Yeah, hat,

Matthias Miller  1:45:45
yeah, of course we want it in here. Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:45:51
the names are starting to look like they were on Ellis email about spreadsheet chaos. They're renaming so and so, version three modified AJ or whatever. Okay, let's

Matthias Miller  1:46:10
talk about how we want to handle this long term. So long term, what we could do is we could ignore all transaction discrepancies, where the transcribe, where the discrepancies for the record nets out to zero.

Speaker 4  1:46:34
Why? Why wouldn't we want to do that like, what are some what would be the reason?

Matthias Miller  1:46:40
Well, I mean, the only main reason is, if you do actually introduce a discrepancy, all of a sudden, you could get six discrepancies popping up, and you're like, What in the world? The other thing is, really, this shouldn't happen all that much. I mean, it's just something funky with, I mean, we just had bad logic in the FGI accounting impact and needed to fix it so it is. There's some sense in which it's just a one time, hopefully just a one time thing, right?

Speaker 4  1:47:12
But why would we not just ignore the $0 impact? Okay? We're saying a $0 impact over a period of time, or

Unknown Speaker  1:47:22
for all the corrections we think we need.

Matthias Miller  1:47:25
So Seth, we would have to group it based on locked periods, though. So if you have a locked period, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:47:44
so that means your model has to split between lock period transactions versus not, but doesn't,

Speaker 1  1:47:50
isn't it? Impact isn't a mismatch solely for locked periods.

Speaker 3  1:47:57
Not okay, but everything in a large period hits it okay, and yeah, where it does show stuff that needs cleaned up. Otherwise that is usually valid and needs taken care of.

Speaker 4  1:48:16
So if we say we need to group and ignore $0 correction. So that would mean if, if we had a something in 24 that the date simply changed, that the accounting dates would want to change from 11, one to 12, one back in 24 that had accounting impact on one 125 would be zero, and We just say, well, we'll just ignore it because,

Speaker 1  1:48:41
well, I think don't we already ignore those.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:47
Oh, okay, it's

Speaker 1  1:48:49
because they're coming through, because we had, we're creating the way we're doing FGI is different now. Well, I mean, it's right now, but it's there's different transactions at different dates for different amounts, so we can't just ignore it on a transaction level, because the transaction, each transaction looks different than it used to, but the net effect on the accounts is the same. It's just when we applied it is different, and because it spans transactions, it's we can't just ignore it easily, like we have been,

Speaker 3  1:49:22
yeah, so like the building built, transaction says, adjust this much and the cost of building cost supply, transaction says the make the opposite adjustment. So the net of the two together

Unknown Speaker  1:49:38
is zero. Yeah?

Matthias Miller  1:49:48
I mean, I, I am. I would generally be happier saying, Let's make some temporary modifications to this report. I don't know. I. I am very maybe we can create manageable complexity.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:07
I think my instinct is similar. I'd rather use a port, have someone go clean up these guys and then nuke it and move on,

Speaker 1  1:50:21
unless we foresee this happening regularly in the future, but doesn't seem that likely.

Speaker 4  1:50:28
I mean, we believe these are showing up because of our change in FGI logic and solely for that. Or I think right that, I think that would make a lot of sense we create a user report to handle these as one off situation, and then we because this report for other things it is, it's flagged legit issues, right? I mean, you've

Unknown Speaker  1:50:51
Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:50:54
so stuff that I prefer to fix it by changing the record rather than changing the you know, rather than posting something, counting on but,

Unknown Speaker  1:51:05
but this brings visibility. It's,

Matthias Miller  1:51:11
is there Okay? Am I just being completely crazy to think that an entry level person should click buttons 4000 times and do it manually or or, should this be a should we look at doing actually? Seth, I did think about the fact that we could use a run import for selected values. Or you could even, I guess, if it's just one off, you could just create a, I don't know, maybe this, I don't know, we just got to pick a pick a path and run with it.

Speaker 4  1:52:08
Okay, if you go the route of looking at each one manually, then that would it would force you to run an import or to it would force you to apply the accounting changes were suggesting, right, like on each one net impact is zero, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:52:34
Oh, and doing that would make so that they disappear,

Unknown Speaker  1:52:40
right, great.

Speaker 4  1:52:41
It would allow you to leave your standard report as is. And, yeah, so can we Okay? Can we take a quick look at it for a few just to like, how would I think Dwayne would have people that could, could actually

Matthias Miller  1:52:59
do this? I mean, like, this is what it is, literally. Here are the instructions. Run the report here. I've got one open here. Click this, hit New correction transaction, hit save. Wait. This is not, not for this one, but sorry, it'll filter down the list.

Speaker 1  1:53:22
So do this one. So we give them a user report that filters it down to net zeros,

Unknown Speaker  1:53:26
yep. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:53:29
zeros, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:53:31
They give a report of what they need to do. Oh, new connection, transaction. Hit Save, new correction. Hit Save, anytime you take a break or rerun the report, make sure you finish on the same building. Do all of the ones for the same record? Don't stop in the middle of the record, because then when you refresh report, it goes over to

Speaker 1  1:53:50
couldn't we? I mean, if we're doing this as a one off, couldn't you export the record IDs and subset off that? I guess you could. Then you don't have to worry about the

Matthias Miller  1:54:03
and the dates. That's true. You could that's true. And it's literally just go through the whole report and make them all disappear.

Speaker 4  1:54:11
So so that would be a user report with $0 net accounting impacts. And then that would so after this person has gone through and manually click all of these, then it would only leave the legit ones.

Matthias Miller  1:54:26
Well, their report would empty out, and as they clean it up, it would empty it off of Drew's report.

Speaker 3  1:54:34
Yeah, I didn't realize, okay, I would go for it. I just, I was trying to think, how are we going to have this person who's just blindly clicking recognize that there's something to not click.

Matthias Miller  1:54:45
We'll give them. We'll put blinders on them. Okay, sounds good

Speaker 4  1:54:50
to me. Yeah, absolutely. Where you're coming from now. So let's Yeah, do this. Let us know once it's. It's done, and

Unknown Speaker  1:55:03
you find somebody to click, yeah,

Speaker 4  1:55:07
we have somebody in the Philippines that will be good at doing this, or, you know, so yeah, it'll be

Matthias Miller  1:55:14
way cheaper than any other way. I can tell you that. Good, good.

Speaker 4  1:55:21
So this user report is that also okay? It's a user report. So I guess just let us know once that's done, yep, we will. This is get our heads together. The priority on this should be, you know, after after AR, customer deposits and non deposited funds

Speaker 1  1:55:43
like, I mean, effectively, there's nothing for Matthias and I to do on customer deposits and undeposit funds right now. I think. I mean, I need to spec stuff for I need to delegate Sean, but let's do

Speaker 4  1:55:56
this after AR report. Yeah, and the sooner we have this, the quicker you'll know on on FGI, that on what's on your job. So with this approach we'll end up with, we'll empty out the standard reporters. We'll end up with 1000s and 1000s of $0 transactions on one, 125, but,

Unknown Speaker  1:56:22
well, I mean, they'll, they'll

Unknown Speaker  1:56:24
have values in them. Oh, but

Unknown Speaker  1:56:27
yeah, but it all net to zero change.

Speaker 4  1:56:31
And if we ever get audited, we'll have the auditor start on

Unknown Speaker  1:56:38
this transaction disappeared. Good.

Speaker 4  1:56:43
Well, I think we're, we're in a good spot. I think this was, I'm excited, yep, feel like we have, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:52
So, okay, okay, sounds good.

Matthias Miller  1:57:00
Sorry. My internet died. I don't know what

Speaker 1  1:57:01
happened. We're just ready to drop unless you have other things you want to talk about.

Matthias Miller  1:57:05
Okay, so I think the biggest question is, if I get far enough down the cash flows thing, I would love to be able to keep that moving. But if that's not, if that's not a priority to you guys, then we'll just talk.

Speaker 4  1:57:22
When we talk, no, no, it is. Maybe we were just saying the AR report, and then Seth was saying that there's really nothing for you guys to do on undeposited customer deposits. So we'll do the the 4500 transactions right after that. And then I think after that cash flow reports is the biggest is, yeah, all

Speaker 6  1:57:45
right, good, awesome. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai