Speaker 1  00:00
How many of you have had a phone call that's changed the the rest of your life. And if you guys have had that, so this happened to my wife and I, we were on vacation, we were driving from Kansas to Nebraska. And we got a phone call that impacted our lives very significantly. You see,

Unknown Speaker  00:14
the week before we left, actually, literally the day before we left

Speaker 1  00:18
on vacation, we signed the last of our paperwork that to finalize our application become foster parents in the state of Colorado. And while we were on vacation, we got a call from the agency and they said, Hey, we have this child who's who's about to be born needs to be placed, would you be willing to take this placement drones in Nebraska, flew, actually flew from Nebraska to Delaware, spent a week with my wife's family, flew back to Nebraska, and drove from Nebraska from the airport. We slept like two or three hours, and then drove from there directly to the hospital to pick up our son,

Speaker 1  00:53
that one phone call has changed the course of her life dramatically. And it shows the impact of small decisions in in your life, small moments in your life.

Speaker 1  01:06
But before we go into more lessons from that story, I want to go over a little bit about what we're going to learn today. Today, I want to talk about three critical building blocks to grow and scale a business without these critical building blocks, quite frankly, you're stuck. Second of all, I want to talk about how to make it easier for your employees to win rather than fail. And this is the this is the key to risk free delegation. And then finally, I want to talk to talk you through the three steps to a risk free hand off

Speaker 1  01:37
first of all, who am I and why should you listen to me, grand reveal, this is me. Soon after I started coding, I wrote my first few lines of Pascal. And the the first three keywords that I literally wrote were repeat until false. And that was my launch into my programming career. And I've

Unknown Speaker  01:55
been a geek,

Speaker 1  01:57
I've had the opportunity to work with closely with new horizons and work closely with the leadership team there and get to see how large organizations are run. And it's significantly influenced my, my leadership and how I approach life in business.

Speaker 1  02:13
And last of all, I've had the opportunity to, to start my own software company and I'm a founding member of fud f EDC, TechStars, which is a co workspace here in Canyon city. And absolutely, absolutely love being able to make a difference through through writing software for for businesses, but also through the CO workspace. My why quite frankly, is my family. And here's here's a couple of shots of my kids. And

Unknown Speaker  02:43
our son that we talked about is pictured here in our

Unknown Speaker  02:48
is pictured here. And he's now part of our we are His forever family.

Unknown Speaker  02:53
So I want to talk this morning about businesses that can grow and scale,

Speaker 2  02:56
you know, in every part of business, it each of us knows that there's certain parts of the business that only we know how to do, there's certain things that whether it's it's calculating certain estimates for a client, or whether it's, it's solving a specific type of problem, there's certain things that only we can do. And many of us go about,

Speaker 2  03:19
many of us go about trying to delegate this, we have the task ourselves, and we go about trying to delegate this to another team member, we try working with the team. And how many of you have ever had the experience of trying to delegate something, and you're hoping that finally, this is going to save me some time and be a relief, and I will have to worry about it. And then,

Unknown Speaker  03:37
you know, maybe some Saturday morning when you're supposed to be, you know,

Speaker 2  03:40
off relaxing, or sleeping in, you get a call from a frustrated client, and they say, Hey, what's going on here? something's broken,

Speaker 1  03:46
it's not right, can you please come in, please fix it, the world's going up in flames. Anybody had an experience similar to that.

Speaker 2  03:54
So this is the problem that that many of us face when when we delegate and when we delegate improper, and we want to look at this presentation about what it takes to actually delegate effectively.

Speaker 1  04:06
And there's three critical building blocks, if you want a business that can grow and scale and these are building blocks, if you haven't, if you don't have the first building blocks, delegation doesn't mean anything whatsoever, the first building block is you have to have a viable product or service, you have

Speaker 2  04:21
to have something that people want to buy, I can't tell you how many times I hear somebody go off in this wild rant about this amazing business that they're going to start. And quite frankly, I know from the get go, they're going to fail. And they're, they're reading Napoleon Hill. And they're doing this personal development and leadership development and trying to attract everything that they need. And

Speaker 1  04:40
I don't care how much personal or business professional development you do, if you don't have a foundational business, something that people actually want to buy, it doesn't matter. So you have to have a viable, you

Speaker 2  04:51
have to have a viable business. And second of all, you need to have a team of amazing people. And it doesn't mean that they all have to be geniuses, it doesn't mean that they all have to be

Speaker 2  05:01
it top of the class, it means what it means is, they have to be people who are correctly suited for what they're doing, and, and who have

Speaker 1  05:10
who understand and, and who are committed to doing their work. Well, if somebody's not, if somebody's not showing to work up to work on time where they're not,

Speaker 2  05:18
they're not willing to put themselves into it and their work, it doesn't matter how much goading or how much

Speaker 1  05:24
what you do, it's, it's not going to work. And so you have to have this foundation of having quality people in your team. Anybody interested in hearing hearing the the four traits that I look for in, in matching people to their responsibilities? Yes. Okay. So when you look at, at a responsibility that an individual is going to fill, there's four traits that I think are crucial, first of them, first of all, there's the, the

Unknown Speaker  05:48
effective, which is the personality,

Speaker 2  05:50
if you're hiring a receptionist, and they're an introvert, then, and they're kind of reserved, and they're not very agreeable, they're going to present a very bad impression of your business. Now, that might be somebody that you might want in your compliance department, or in some other part of your business, but don't put them out front with the customer. So their personality, the other one is condition, which is simply how how people take action once they're motivated to take action. And so if you have somebody who's a natural multitasker, once again, put them in a situation where they have to manage crises and jump from one thing to the next. But do not put them in the back office sorting through paperwork and meticulously filing them, because you'll come back there, and you'll find it to be an absolute chaos.

Unknown Speaker  06:33
Third skill is, is cognitive.

Speaker 2  06:35
So there might be, and this might be up to you to decide how much skill Do you want them to have, when they get into the into the situation for some, you might be able to

Speaker 2  06:44
their mo might be might be such that you can just, you can give them some information, and they'll naturally fit the role. But for some,

Speaker 1  06:50
you might want them to jump into the role up and running. And this might be having knowledge about how to run a certain type of software, or how to run a certain type of machinery, or, or something along those lines. And the

Speaker 2  07:02
last one is simply their character, their integrity, you don't want to hire people

Speaker 1  07:07
and always have a doubt in the back of your mind, are they going to steal with me steal from me, and when that's really miserable way to run a business.

Speaker 1  07:17
So those are the first two critical building blocks with a critical building block that leads to effective delegation

Speaker 2  07:22
is the concept of systems. And many of us don't think if we aren't trained to think in terms of systems, but systems are simply when a certain event happens, there's a certain process that we go through in order to get a specific outcome. And if you reverse engineer, any business is actually broken down into a series of systems, what's the system for getting people to find out about your business, it might be as simple as every single month, when it happens, put together an advertisement, what happens and the outcome should be that people show up at your door. And, and they want some kind of maybe offered a coupon or a discount, or a sale, or you're just offering a great

Speaker 1  07:59
product, and people show up at your door. And then you might have a system for asking for just reminding people, by the way, tell your friends. So everybody, every, every time somebody checks out, you say, hey, thanks so much for your business, we appreciate that, you know, we're always looking to, to, to, you know, whatever, like, like, and, you know, let your friends know, etc. Like in that can actually become a system, something that that happens on a regular basis. So you have, you have

Speaker 2  08:24
a sales process, which in a retail store looks very different than then selling large high ticket consulting items. But there's a process that you take people through to take them from where they are, and either qualifying or disqualifying them, and then leading them through the process to when they write you a check. And once they write you a check, then you have a process for actually fulfilling and giving them with what they want, there's a certain step by step way that you assemble jump ropes, in order to get them to people and making sure that

Speaker 1  08:53
they get what they want. In the end, it arrives. And then there's, there's processes, processes for follow up, which are up cells or, or other kinds of ongoing sales that you may make to the customer after their initial sale. So every every business is built up in systems. But each system is also broken into subsystems.

Speaker 2  09:14
And if you want to dig further, that the more that the business grows, the more you can dig in more deeply into systems within systems within systems.

Unknown Speaker  09:24
But here's the point, your whole goal

Unknown Speaker  09:26
is to make it easier

Speaker 1  09:28
for your employees to win than to fail. Now, sometimes when we talk about systems, people think about some of the maybe they think of some kind of obscure law that they have to follow, or some kind of bizarre guideline that they had at work at one certain point that didn't,

Unknown Speaker  09:44
didn't really have any kind of meaning.

Speaker 1  09:46
And those kinds of systems do not make it easier to win them to fail. And there's it breaks a couple of rules. And in fact, I want to actually use an example here imagine a of a crisis that can be solved by system

Speaker 2  09:59
imagine that you've got somebody who's responsible for taking the cash from the tail and taking it to the bank and on the way to the bank

Unknown Speaker  10:08
this this lady gets a call from the school and says hey by the way

Unknown Speaker  10:11
your son was was jumping off a

Speaker 1  10:14
swing and he landed wrong and he and he broke his arm he's on the way to emergency room can you please come meet us at the emergency room so this lady immediately diverts or plans and heads to the emergency room and, you know, possibly puts in a desperate call, I work and say, by the way, I'm not gonna be able to come in the rest of the day, family emergency, and all finding good

Unknown Speaker  10:34
until a week later, when somebody discovers that there was a,

Speaker 1  10:39
you know, there was a $10,000 deposit that never made it to the bank, and she's actually cleaning, or maybe they don't find out, maybe she's cleaning out her car, and she's sweeping under her seat. And she's like, That's right. That's what I was doing before I got the call about my son in the hospital.

Speaker 1  10:58
Now, to keep this from happening. And being an issue over time, one of the things that you want to do is you want to create a process to follow that's that that's, that has built in accountability. And one of the ways you might do do it with something like this is simply having somebody

Speaker 2  11:14
else in the organization who's responsible for making sure that every day the the money that's yet the money ends up in deposited into the bank account.

Speaker 1  11:26
But something else that you might want to do is you want to make these processes simple and easy to follow. So in this kind of situation, what would have happened

Unknown Speaker  11:35
if, if this lady had actually documented the steps required

Speaker 1  11:38
to to deposit this, this this money into the bank. And maybe it's not, maybe it doesn't seem that complicated. But somebody else could have called her up and said, Hey, can I meet you at the hospital, I'll grab the cash, I'll go take it to the bank, all deposit. And by the way, I can pull up on my phone or on this piece of paper, exactly what

Speaker 2  11:55
I need to need to do to make sure this gets taken care of. And this and the lady has a relief that she can focus exclusively on her son, and not have to worry about all these other responsibilities that are going on at work.

Unknown Speaker  12:09
And then last of all, they must be easy to change.

Speaker 2  12:12
This is the problem that we faced with some of these unusual bizarre rules that we encounter that somebody made. And they're so difficult to change that when the situation changes that we never adapt to meet them. And it has to be, you have

Unknown Speaker  12:25
to be able to change them, not just from top down.

Speaker 2  12:27
But from bottom up, the person who's actually doing the job has to have a voice and being able to say, Look, when we're doing it this way, this is like, this is like, there's Indian problem that talks about, there's two ways to touch your nose, there's, you can,

Speaker 1  12:39
you know, touch your nose, like this, or you can reach around and touch your nose. And like, they have to be able to say, look, we're, we're reaching around or head to touch your nose, this is ridiculous. Like, we should change to this. And they have to have a voice in that they need to be easier to easy to change.

Speaker 2  12:53
So what are the what are the three steps to risk free handoff, many people start thinking about delegation, when they suddenly become overwhelmed, they have too much to do. And one of the challenges then, and one of the first things you have to do is you have to narrow your focus, all of us have probably a million things that that we could hand off to somebody else. But quite frankly, some of those things will not give you a good return on your investment. And quite frankly,

Unknown Speaker  13:18
a large number of those things you probably should just stop doing altogether.

Speaker 1  13:23
So when finding your focus, how do you know what to focus on? Well, here's a couple of clues that you can use. And I'll just give you a couple of couple of things to think about. First of all,

Unknown Speaker  13:31
you can think about any place in your life where there's work stacking up.

Unknown Speaker  13:35
So if there's a pile

Speaker 2  13:37
of papers that keeps showing up on your desk, and you're you're always behind in it. And there's always more for you to do, then you get to that's very good evidence that there's there's opportunity for delegation.

Speaker 2  13:49
The other the other possibility is if you look in the other side, is that you have certain individuals who are standing around, they're not doing anything, because they're waiting on you

Speaker 1  13:57
to give them something. So on one hand, it's because you're busy. In the other hand, it's because somebody else is not busy. And if you look at that, then

Speaker 2  14:04
most likely, there's something that you're supposed to be preparing to get them allow them to be able to work

Speaker 1  14:11
that that ends up being a constraint on your time, that's another place you can focus, you can choose to focus on things that absolutely drive you crazy. There's certain tasks, especially around

Speaker 2  14:22
scheduling and, and other kinds of detail oriented fact checking, and all those kinds of things that drive me absolutely crazy.

Speaker 1  14:31
And so looking for ways you can look for those kinds of things, what is it for you, and you can hand off those other people and reduce your stress. And it's quite, it's much easier to work 60 hours a week, if, if needed. When you're doing things that don't add negative stress to your life, you might be looking for ways to to,

Speaker 1  14:52
you know, increase increase revenue, or other kinds of constraints, you can custom tailor what you focus on, based on your specific need. The next step then is to reverse engineer what you're doing, and tell it that the best way to do it is to tell it in a story method. So when what happens, when does it happen? How does it happen? Who does it. And quite frankly, this is really difficult to do

Speaker 2  15:15
yourself. And it can be a lot easier to have somebody else come in and sit down with you and ask you questions and play stupid and say, well, so sometimes you give the customer a refund. And sometimes you don't, how do you decide? And you're like, well, your first reaction is, Oh, no, it depends on whether they're being nice people or not, maybe or, you know, you might not, or maybe it's,

Unknown Speaker  15:36
you know, a coin toss or something,

Speaker 2  15:38
but then taking it but you can reverse engineer how you decide when to give them a refund and whatnot. And until you reverse engineer what's going on in your brain and how you think and what you do, you can't delegate. And so this is this is a critical step in delegating whatever you choose to, to hand off to somebody else. And I think it's important to distinguish that there's, there's two elements, there's, there's a decision making element. And there's an action based element. And the more that you can articulate how you make decisions, and what framework you use, when you make decisions,

Unknown Speaker  16:09
the less you have to tell people exactly what to do.

Speaker 2  16:15
And then finally, you want to look for tools that enforce this, that provide the accountability,

Unknown Speaker  16:20
the structure and the support to allow this process, whatever

Unknown Speaker  16:23
it was that that that you put together, whatever needs to

Unknown Speaker  16:26
happen to allow it to happen on an ongoing basis. For example,

Unknown Speaker  16:31
you might have

Unknown Speaker  16:34
one of the challenges might be that that people have certain

Speaker 1  16:38
certain pieces of paper that they need to review every single day. And so there's there's,

Speaker 2  16:43
it doesn't happen sometimes happens sometimes doesn't. So you might do something very simple, it might not be anything complicated, you might just get a series of filing spots where these are visible in a central place where people can see and when there's things that are are waiting on somebody, it's it's in a folder with their name, and you're walking past and other people walking baskets can see it. And

Speaker 1  17:08
every week, one of the things that you do is you look and see, oh, john has this big stack of papers in here that he really needs to look at. And, and take care of. So it doesn't have to be a complicated system. It could be it could be a software system. We use a lot of software tools in for in our team to manage projects. And we actually have processes around how we run our meetings. There's there's agendas that we follow every single time there's room for open ended open ended discussion where there's needed and there's actually sometimes meetings created for open ended meetings are open open ended discussions we have we have our own scoreboards that we track there certain key numbers that we keep track of in our business. And that that correlate to action that that each of us take, we have a process for each of our team members to set weekly commitments of what they're actually going to get done that week, we have a process for ensuring follow up. And this is all integrated into a software tool. Now here's

Speaker 2  18:04
one of the important things is that whatever tool set you use, you want to make sure that it actually fits cohesively with your way of operating

Speaker 1  18:12
this might be as simple as creating a Google Drive, the thing you could do right now is you go back and look at, look at one of those places that you can easily win, start the storyboard process or have somebody else

Speaker 2  18:25
work with you and watch you and help you create that and then create a folder on Google Drive or office 365, or whatever you use to collaborate and start putting in these step by step documents that people can reference it does not have to be complicated, you don't have to engineer it, you just have to make sure that you get started and you do it.

Speaker 1  18:43
So I want to briefly look at a couple of the biggest mistake businesses make when they're they're delegating

Speaker 2  18:49
the first mistake is just doing too much at once. Like, we're gonna, we're going to go revamp everything and if you're in if you're like me, and a bit of a an easily excited visionary person,

Speaker 1  19:00
this might be kind of what you this might be your response. And, and you look at everything that you could you could possibly do, and you try to hand off too much at one time,

Unknown Speaker  19:09
the second one is implementing from the top down. And

Speaker 2  19:13
quite frankly, it's more effective if the person who is actually doing the work and will end up doing the work is the person who, who helps build out these processes and helps articulate the steps that need to happen. It's a collaborative process.

Unknown Speaker  19:26
But there's a lot of information that you have in your head that that

Speaker 1  19:30
that doesn't always get communicated. And by the way, in case if you guys are taking notes, and you don't have you weren't able to keep keep track of everything, I do have some some handouts here that the details a lot of the stuff that we're talking about here.

Unknown Speaker  19:44
Mistake number three is hiring a coach is only an extra business processes. So

Speaker 2  19:48
so one of the this is actually hiring a coach who is an expert on business processes is actually a really, really good thing that you can do for your business. And it can change the way that you look at your business, one of the places of concern is,

Speaker 2  20:01
is understanding how what kinds of tools are available to implement them in your business, these implement these business these processes in your business in a way that that fits your

Speaker 1  20:13
fits your business well, and some people actually choose to immediately go build software to help them with this accountability and, and to help them implement some of these processes. And that leads us to mistake number four, which is sometimes when people do this, they end up hiring a developer and

Unknown Speaker  20:28
the business owner says, we need to track these key metrics.

Speaker 1  20:32
And we want it to work like X, Y, and Z. And we want these graphs at the end of the day, and the developer can go out and build them. But unless the developer has experience in business, or understands these concepts of business processes, the developer won't ever question what the business owner is, is wanting to is wanting to create. Because oftentimes, there's a difference between what we what we want and what we actually need, or what we think we need. And what we actually need. A mistake number five is using software that can grow and scale with you, we've I've had conversations with numerous companies who to chose to invest in a large scale software program, and only to discover sometimes six months down the road, sometimes two years down the road, that there's something really important to them that they'll have to do without because quite frankly, the software doesn't have the capacity or sometimes the software won't even scale with them.

Speaker 1  21:28
And this is probably one of the most important mistakes, quite frankly, is not it is thinking about business processes after it's too late. Now, there's something that most of us don't think about when we start a business. But it's really important in the lifespan of the business. And it's this selling your business or exiting your business. You can choose to liquidate your business if you want to, and just close it, close the doors and walk away.

Speaker 1  21:51
But you will build a better, more enjoyable business if you build it from the beginning with the intention of selling even if you never sell because it will force you to look at questions like this, of how do I delegate effectively, what kind of systems do I need to put in place, the kind of business that that you can sell is the kind of business that you don't have to be in. And the kind of business that you don't have to be in is a business that's really enjoyable to run.

Speaker 1  22:20
And then Mistake number seven is letting the whirlwind of business take control of your future.

Unknown Speaker  22:26
One of the most challenging things in the world is to fight the urgent

Speaker 1  22:29
fight and and go against the storm and set aside time and intentionally focus on the things that are the most important

Speaker 2  22:39
if you choose to intentionally every every single week, maybe even every single day, allocate one or two hours of your time to the thing that is not the most urgent but the thing that is absolutely the

Speaker 1  22:53
most important in your business, it will set you apart very easily, it will put you in the top 10 percent of business owners, more likely, it could actually put you in the top five or 1% of business owners and even leaders.

Speaker 1  23:10
And so I want to I want to ask you this one question, I want you to consider this what is the most important thing that you could do this year for your business now, if you're starting a business and you have not yet found the product or service that you want to offer, this is not it. The first thing that you have to do is you have to find something of value that you can offer.

Speaker 1  23:30
But if you've grown a team and you've actually developed a team and and you're wanting to grow and scale an existing business, one of the most important things that you can do if you have not done it yet is start implementing these these processes in your business and and allowing your business the opportunity to grow and scale so for some of you guys this presentation is enough for you to go and run with some of you may actually want to want some more help with this and I'm I'm offering a free 30 minutes call if you want to discuss this further. Where we'll take a look at your business will take a look at where are you at and where do you want to go and what are the obstacles between between here and there and we'll put together a plan and we'll see what the most effective way is for you to move forward. So that's what I've got and this is this is a this is risky delegation. And thanks a lot to you guys for your participation.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai