Unknown Speaker  00:32
Okay, good morning.

Matthias Miller  00:34
Good morning. How are you?

Unknown Speaker  00:37
Going?

Matthias Miller  00:39
Good. Okay, great. Tori

Unknown Speaker  00:53
Good morning everyone.

Unknown Speaker  00:56
How are you?

Unknown Speaker  00:57
Good. How are you doing? Well,

Unknown Speaker  00:59
it's doing well.

Unknown Speaker  01:04
What's the weather like out there?

Speaker 1  01:10
I don't know if I ever asked where are you located at Torrey?

Speaker 2  01:14
I'm in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Okay. Here Yeah. No alley holy. It's not too crazy. But yeah, we do have our we do have a few here and there.

Speaker 1  01:26
Awesome. Yeah, we are in the midst of like pre winter where it just kind of gets cold but no snow and snow will come. What's Oklahoma like this time of year?

Speaker 2  01:41
It is around like 37. But it gets a little warmer throughout the day. So it ends up being like probably the upper 60s. Okay. Yeah, that's chili cheese. Yeah, I don't like to go.

Speaker 1  01:56
And then Matthias, you're up in the mountains in Colorado, right? Are you in the foothills of the mountains?

Matthias Miller  02:01
Well, we're, we're about 5000 feet, we're in what they call the banana belt of Colorado. So kind of in the corner of the Sun graze in the Rockies. So we actually get really moderate we get like 13 inches of rain a year. So it's a really pretty moderate place to be living nestled in enough to get away from most of the crazy wind and you know, some over 300 days of sunshine a year and I'm sure there are reasons they could take me away from here but it is a beautiful place to live. Yeah. Awesome nice

Speaker 1  02:50
well, I wanted to comment that I've really appreciated the notifications via email when a new client pops in it certainly takes away some of the anxiety of thinking you're missing something and like refreshing refreshing so I really like that there's a nother mode of notification and it's been really great. Yesterday was really great one day of it

Matthias Miller  03:20
Yeah, and I mean noticeable improvements in our turnaround times. We're getting all of our submissions are coming from type form within six seconds. And I still have one other technique that I have not yet implemented that should take that down to probably Oh, almost always under two well, there may be a few other reasons I might have to take a look at why those delays are but anyway yeah, and then outreach times those are to find a way to make this report show which ones are outside of see business hours that would be really neat

Matthias Miller  04:22
if I were even just sorting by the type form submission time I think could help me do that

Speaker 1  04:45
I noticed it just anecdotally helpful. You know, once I what I've been doing if I'm on a call with someone is starting the process of building their shed and then it does take a good chunk to like get through that say Have everything compose the email look, make it look nice. And what I noticed was that was what kind of showed me okay, you need to wrap this up and then get over to the next one as opposed to just, you know, staying kind of in like a deep work kind of state where you're just refining and composing something. So

Matthias Miller  05:22
that's helpful. Yeah, that makes sense. One of the one of the models that we've seen elsewhere there's some of these I think are Mike might have more stories on this, but I think it would numbers number this guy is claiming to close but one of the models that now I'm starting to question where they're making this up, but but he's doing it as a two person team. And so if you might, you might, it might make sense at some point to have somebody one of the things we talked about is actually having you know, an assistant or somebody who shadows you on the call, and it's putting stuff together on the call, you immediately hop off jump onto another call. And they you know, maybe you're rotating between two people who put quotes together second person have some the next call while the first person wraps up, so that you're, you know, we don't actually have the volume of Back to Back calls to make that to really make that meaningful but splitting the splitting the work between person who's on the phone and you know, the finer details of refining the quote and finessing that and you know, there's tales within the industry there's always tall tales within the industry but but there's there's a gentleman who probably I don't know exactly what his what his where he says he's closing but he's doing it in tandem with with his wife to get to get it all done

Matthias Miller  07:00
okay, so just just kind of to run over these let me pull this up and

Matthias Miller  07:11
quick share so response times yesterday These are from when the when you open up the communication screen and so even if you're within the 18 seconds if you wait to put in the communication record until afterward we don't have a way of seeing it so hovering right around versus the right around 17 to 27 minutes and then Tory so mercy got three Tory really get to yesterday drink there was one with this one have been

Unknown Speaker  07:59
look at the title Not now was dealt with

Matthias Miller  08:04
yeah would probably explain a few things

Unknown Speaker  08:10
that's funny.

Speaker 2  08:12
Not No, it wasn't a service. Okay. Yeah. But I caught it immediately when I when I received the email

Matthias Miller  08:24
let's see what's going on vacations

Matthias Miller  08:33
let's see when the email went out let's make sure the email didn't go out late so this was

Speaker 1  08:43
interesting to see the responses do you see them tutorial? Such funny comments or like just sent me the price. So abrupt 38 going through my email to

Matthias Miller  09:07
see I mean the first email went out I still haven't figured out what's going on with the duplicate emails but first email went out at 1038 or 1238. Eastern which was

Unknown Speaker  09:22
was how do we get the lead?

Matthias Miller  09:25
It was submitted at get submitted at 1238 25 the communication record was created 1238 29 email was sent probably find out how you have more specifically but was sent like right then research there to 26 search or not now

Matthias Miller  10:01
That's, too. So then there was a second email 103 And a third email at

Matthias Miller  10:15
234 That would have been too late for that hoping that one. If we were to do a real time notification with this system, would you want it to go straight into the communication records that they submitted?

Unknown Speaker  10:54
Say that again,

Matthias Miller  10:56
if we did a little, we have the ability to do real time notifications, which are little popups that show up inside. Oh, inside of here. We did something like that, would you want it to the link on that notification to pull up the communication itself, then? It's probably what would make no sense? Oh,

Speaker 1  11:15
that's a good question. Well, so yes, you'd have to Yes, it would similar to the email or the email gives a summary of their type form submission, it allows you to see in a moment, the email phone number and

Speaker 2  11:34
yeah, so whenever we're typing, we could just type there and see all the notes, like see what they want. Yeah, versus having to because I have to, like write everything down. And then I go back to the communication right after the call, and type everything. So that will be that'll be good. If we saw the notes right there.

Matthias Miller  11:52
If we would see, if we would let you filter by opportunity ID, we could pull up the opportunities report to only include the new opportunity, and then you'd have a new communication button. Let me make a note of that.

Speaker 1  12:19
Matthias that will also allow us if we're under a to do to be able to click on the opportunities or communications link, is that right? That would be that would expedite some efficiency of moving between the to do segment and then the opportunity segment.

Matthias Miller  12:38
Like if you would, if you go from from the To Do you would go into this this guy the opportunities if you could drill directly into the opportunity and see the opportunity and the tasks. And then

Speaker 1  12:53
yeah, the to do is the to do is very minimal information. It has the contact record, but the context of the conversation is still within the opportunity side. So I like to pull the opportunities record up alongside that to do so that I have. Alright, where did we leave off with this guest? Right. There's a link when I'm under the two dues currently. I open it, it has a link for communications, but it's a dead end. I don't know if it's intended to drive back direction.

Matthias Miller  13:29
Yeah, there's some details on that, that we haven't nailed down regarding. But if we will if.

Unknown Speaker  13:37
Okay, I hope that makes sense. The way I'm describing it.

Matthias Miller  13:41
Yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 2  13:44
Where I said you notice that it's just accurate on the under the to do because a lot of mine say like not yet qualified where they're quoted, maybe I'm doing something wrong. Or yours pretty accurate.

Speaker 1  14:01
Let me take a peek. That's a great question. Well, it seems like if they have a communication that is listed as a voice as a phone call, they move into their for me at least they moved from not qualified to qualified. If the communication is of voicemail or an email, it seems like they stay in the not qualified category.

Unknown Speaker  14:26
Okay, as far as

Speaker 1  14:27
Clomid, I'm okay. Right now, everybody that's quoted has moved into that segment.

Unknown Speaker  14:33
Oh, are you talking about the opportunities page?

Unknown Speaker  14:36
Yeah, sorry. Are

Speaker 2  14:37
you know, mine is good on the opportunities on the to do page? Oh, I kind of haven't really like looked at that. And when according to that I just stay on the opportunities page. Because this data is just not accurate. Like I'll say, Not yet qualified when they're quoted or

Speaker 1  14:56
really did you try that link sales or or button in the when you're on the home. First test, it might have to like kind of catch up. And that's an interesting comment.

Unknown Speaker  15:10
Like, so

Speaker 1  15:12
we buy our clock in clock out buttons in the top corner.

Unknown Speaker  15:15
Okay, thanks. So floaters,

Unknown Speaker  15:19
maybe that will change some of those statuses for you.

Matthias Miller  15:22
Lincoln is running every 15 minutes in the background. Oh, wow. Okay. So that shouldn't be it. We can maybe even take that button off now, probably. But um,

Speaker 1  15:39
hi, I wanted to go ahead.

Matthias Miller  15:45
Tori, can you just send me a screenshot of either screenshot of it? Or open the to do report and send it as a PDF or Excel file? And see what you're seeing? Yes. Take a look. Okay,

Speaker 2  16:03
thank you. As far as the SMS, yeah. Yesterday, and he was saying there's some new regulations in place, which we know. But he was saying anyone who wants to syntex need to register in the campaign registry, and put why you want to send a text messages. And he said, there's a one time fee of $60. And then it's 15 per month. And then it's 10 cents per phone number, and then one penny per message. But he said there may be going up within the next month. But he doesn't know to how much so he couldn't tell me that. But he said For more information, we can just go into the knowledge base and type in SMS. And then all the information will come up that we need to know as far as implementing that.

Matthias Miller  16:52
I also spoke with Dwayne yesterday, and he mentioned that we may need to get explicit permission on the type form. You mentioned that Ohio is actually their last question is actually what's your preferred method of contact. And so I want to talk to chat with our marketing guy on the best way to get the best way to structure a word that make sure we get explicit permission to text and and the point, I think, sorry, to what you're saying, I think, no, that sounds pretty, pretty straightforward. The main thing then would be that we we just, we would just need to be careful then that we only text people who want to be texted. Yeah.

Speaker 2  17:53
Yeah, I'd be interested to see the type of, or the amount of responses we get through text messaging. With it being convenient for a lot of people. Yeah, agree.

Matthias Miller  18:16
Also, I saw David replied, to the email. So that explains why he went dark. Yeah. So it's a good reminder that sometimes consider the state of the world. So one of my mentors is, has observed that, you know, there's always been craziness in the world. But by and large, people are more volatile and unstable than what they've been in a long time. And if you look at how, how challenging it can be sometimes to manage manage our lives, even when things are saying and normal. One of the, one of the things that we can provide for people when, you know, when they're working with us is simply helping them straight up, manage their lives, like this. This is something that they want to get done, but it might not be top of mind and just working with them to working with them with patient persistence, and helping them helping them get get done. And I think life has a way of getting in the way of what we what we actually want. So David's case, there's no way to plan for account for a tragic tragedy like that. And yeah, so but I think it's a it's challenging when we're going to have a window into people's lives and what's actually going on but, but these things give us a window into why people go dark sometimes

Speaker 1  20:04
It's a great reminder. You David is on your list. pretory He's a qualified lead on your site, or is he?

Unknown Speaker  20:15
No, I don't have David.

Speaker 1  20:16
Okay. He was one of the locations. The lots I think

Matthias Miller  20:20
was. Was he a lot? Got it. I was thinking he was that he was. Sorry. I haven't confused with military discount guy.

Unknown Speaker  20:29
Yeah. Military just starting to get nicknames. Yeah. It's funny. Yeah, I think he's COVID.

Unknown Speaker  20:42
Got it? Yeah. Thanks. So

Speaker 1  20:44
now that to that point, does Calvin see this email from him? If he's continuously responding to the wrong thread?

Matthias Miller  20:54
No, he does not. Okay.

Speaker 1  20:56
Is there any way that Tori and I can lighten the load that you and Dwayne have to research these guests names? At least where they are?

Matthias Miller  21:04
Yeah, that's a that's a great question. Um,

Speaker 1  21:12
is there like a view only permission in a different database where we could search and named files?

Matthias Miller  21:18
Let me let me see if I've got permission to add you guys to this. They use a Trello. Board. So let me see if I've got permission to share. You guys, as observers.

Speaker 1  21:53
I wanted to ask you a recommendation to while you're setting that up, I have two guests that email be pretty late last night, they're both men who have not wanted to get on the phone. They've been like I'm very, very busy with work. They both declined. You basically said, This is too expensive. And I have to pass at this point. Now they're not on the phone with me, and they kind of are anti getting on the phone. So maybe this question would be to Michael, of when you have a guest, and they're very far down the line, as far as we have quotes that we've reviewed are to contracts. And now they're saying, I'm sorry, this is too much. What would you recommend? Or have you guys seen successful in keeping them on the line? Or keeping them on the hook rather for a follow up conversation?

Unknown Speaker  22:52
That's a really good question.

Matthias Miller  22:54
For sure.

Speaker 3  22:58
Matthias what I mean, obviously, at this point, they're pointing out that we are done due to just can't afford, and we have explored finance and RTO. Right. Price point is what kills the deal. Do you have thoughts on that I know would deter some kind of a little call to action on some kind of promotional that we could we could toss out there. But the messaging on that do you have? Do you have an opinion on that? Matthias?

Matthias Miller  23:38
Well, first, my, my first opinion is, do we actually know whether they're telling you the truth or not? Right? And is it actually money? Or is it fear? Or is it? Is there some other some other circumstance? Or is there's some other external factor that's impacting this? Sorry. So, but it's a little late in the game to be figuring that out. Now. Have you had conversations in the past about what their budget is?

Speaker 1  24:12
Not the not with these guys, because most of it's just been email and identifying the type of product they want. I'm wondering if I need to weave the budget conversation in a lot earlier. And if they'd be willing to disclose that via email, I don't know. I had a woman do that I wove that conversation very early, because she was hesitant, and I was like, Well, what's your what's your monthly budget for something like this, you know, is $200 too much? Because that we can get her an eight by 12 for $200 a month essentially. And she, she took that and she said, Yeah, that would work. So you know, maybe that was on me assuming that they were a little bit more cash heavy than they Our

Matthias Miller  25:01
Well, again, we don't we don't know their budget. Right? The the it could be that there's they're being honest. And it actually is it is budget, it's possible that they're not and it's not money money is a very easy objection to hide behind when you're when you're a buyer. So that would be that would be one question. But So establishing that early earlier on in the conversation might be helpful going forward. But if it's possible, but number two is there's also this principle that when somebody that when, when they're I don't know if this is this would be sufficient to, to recover this in this situation. But when people are throwing up red flags, to intentionally take a step back and do what you can to take pressure back out of the conversation. So rather than drilling into what's the apparent issue, taking a step back and saying, I mean, one of the approaches that I've seen done is taking the the approach, basically, I'm, you know, I may have unintentionally introduced pressure into this conversation. I'm not trying to get you to buy, but I'm wondering if you'd be able to give me feedback on what I could do differently next time. And it really is possible at that point that they go dark that they don't respond. And if they don't, there's one that is framed in such a way that there's not really a great follow up to that.

Matthias Miller  27:01
The other, so that could be approach number one. And the upside is that they may actually self disclose, but they might not. Another possible approach I could see is, is simply apologize and say, so like, I'm sorry, like, I got some things wrong. I know you're I know, you're super busy, you don't have a time time to look at a lot of options. If you let me know what kind of budget you're looking at, I'd be, I'd be happy to look at some options that we already know what you want. And so I'd be happy to look at some ways to see if there's, if there are ways that we can get what you want within your budget, and basically offer the again, we don't, we don't know, but from what you're telling me, it sounds to me, like, possibly one of their biggest concerns is just, they don't want this to be a long handled process. They want to get it done. They're busy. Yep, they don't want it to add more to their busyness, they just need a way to get it done. And that could be another possible way to approach it.

Speaker 1  28:03
Okay. Thank you. That's really good advice. I, I didn't want to just say, Okay, thank you for your time. I definitely wanted to kind of press a little bit more, even if it's for the sake of feedback to be helpful to us in the future.

Speaker 1  28:25
I'll let you guys know how those conversations end up because they were two very similar size buildings with two gentlemen that were both very busy and both had the same end response, which was sorry, that wasn't what I was expecting a ticket price.

Matthias Miller  28:59
Mike, do you have any further feedback on any of my comments?

Speaker 3  29:06
No, I think it's great. I think it sounds like and agree that confirming that, you know, they're not hiding behind, you know, the cash thing is probably a good thing to try to trim it up front. Some people may disclose all the information we need. Some people may not but having a soft enough approach to it to where maybe we have the opportunity to backup again, if they do object and not like, lose them. There's probably obviously cases where it's not possible. But having an approach there where we continue to get great information seems like ultimately providing somebody probably product that's within their budget is probably pretty important. Is a day that's probably what they're going to how they're going To judge this video, quarter whatever, by what I can afford, if we can't afford to probably won't be going for it. So understanding that need throughout the conversation if possible, I like your idea Matthias is probably a really, really important part if we can get it. That was, which is not.

Speaker 1  30:26
Yeah, and I, I appreciate that. I think I might want to also consider, like you said, Michael stripping out some of those upsell items and giving them another look at the quote, that's maybe a little bit more bare bones, it may not be what we would, obviously for our company not making the most money off of, but if it secures the deal, I feel like that can be worth it, like, do they need radiant barrier? Or did they want that as like a luxury for their building? may try that to the

Speaker 3  30:58
things that we've sure and one of the things that we've tried here in our office and has been pretty successful with is trying to determine what the customer really wants, and getting into budget. And then usually, you can sort of feel like, okay, you've captured the sale, they're on board, they're ready to close on the last couple of little comments, do those upsells like as a ready to purchase, okay, we that's what I want, let's just pay. And by the way, we can add the lead guard here. And just throw a couple of little things in there that are quick, little, little last upsells that you can sometimes tack on there and do those without upsetting the sale. Once you feel like you've you've landed the sale. And there's different people there's different personalities, you know, a course on that that would probably be catered a little bit more towards the people that move quickly and move on, rather than do all their homework before they make a decision. But

Unknown Speaker  32:02
okay, that's a good, that's a good advice as well.

Matthias Miller  32:05
Yeah. Here's one other thing. One other strategy we could do periodically is and this is this is something for Mike, you probably to make a decision on what you guys want to do. But once a month, or every couple of months, have a weekend flash sale, where it's 10% off this weekend only. And you go back to any of the leads who have had Sure. price objections, and you say, Hey, we're running this thing right now. It's gonna only gonna last for this long. And but if you want to, we can get you in on get you in on this. Let me know what you think.

Unknown Speaker  32:49
I think that'd be great.

Speaker 3  32:54
Yeah, especially if we can be worth a drive for sure. Just to see the response. I think testing it and seeing if it does make the difference. Probably, you know, well worth it for sure. I think. And I'd be open, open to give it a shot if you use that value. Two is Matthias And we could even we could even do that. sooner than later. Just as little trial run. What were your thinking like doing a one or a two day or some?

Matthias Miller  33:32
Yeah, yeah, I would just I would do a one or two day be nice to be able to anchor does something. I mean, even if you did it early November, and saying we're doing an early Black Friday. Firefighter sale probably isn't quite the right thing. But but you know, black, black, early Black Friday special. And, yeah, do it for a couple of days. And a day or two, something like that. Give them a little bit of a heads up to be prepared. And let him know a few days beforehand and let them know that if they sign on that date and get the get that

Unknown Speaker  34:18
if we liked the

Speaker 3  34:19
idea, go ahead. And at least oh I'm sorry to at least try it and based off of how we learned from it. And I think the information of how the customers respond to it will be very informative. You know, this is something that too or no or tweak. And so when you were you were thinking Matthias was something along the lines of maybe try this next weekend. Is that what you're thinking?

Matthias Miller  34:58
I just realized I'm like for another call. So let me answer this really briefly. And then we can perhaps circle back. I was thinking, so there should be some kind of cool off time. Like, I don't think that we should if somebody comes back with a price objection, we should not immediately the next week and say, Oh, hey, there's this great special like, I think, I think that's ends up being a little disingenuous, but, but so I would probably give it at least another? Well, I'd probably give it a couple of weeks, at least, before doing it and just see where they're at. But I don't know.

Speaker 1  35:39
Think in an organized manner, I know you have to jump Matthias but we can craft it possible using Active Campaign wiki very visual on what that sale entails. There are tags and Active Campaign that Tori and I can go out and preemptively tag people that we want that email to drop to with the information. And then she and I can do a very poignant phone call back like, Hey, did you get Did you see that email? Or maybe we use that calendar link for if you want to secure this deal? Book your time now? I don't know just any way to keep the the outreach but then we want an inflow back from them off their interest.

Matthias Miller  36:19
Yes. And it could be in the day of there could be multiple emails for you know, morning. Morning, you know, evening before morning, midday, right? Yeah. Did you guys want to keep discussing this? Should I make Mary the host or should we wrap it up for the day?

Speaker 1  36:37
I think we've maybe could formulate thoughts independently. Maybe use the lies tomorrow morning's meeting to discuss further so we're not you know, we're all as a team.

Matthias Miller  36:48
Yeah. Sounds good. Appreciate it. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai