Matthias Miller  00:51
Hello, hello hello hello hello right did you sent the my email over just a few minutes ago? Or 10 minutes ago or so? So got it good waiting for, like swing by

Speaker 1  02:18
how do you qualify these all these leads like I get all these leaves? And are you pretty much looking for customer service sales experience? Or other things are either

Matthias Miller  02:35
there's a whole whole bunch of things, how much effort and attention to detail they put into the job description? How much does it convey that this isn't just something they can do, but it's actually something that they want to do. As in Oh, I was a delivery driver. And then one day I woke up and I decided I want to be a customer success specialist for two point backyards. That doesn't usually go very far. Look for some kind of experience in sales or customer related roles. Look for some kind of values to shine through, and then we get them on. And then there's also the you might argue this isn't very scientific, or maybe it is scientific. But there's sometimes just a little bit of that going with your gut in the process as well. And for this round, we got I don't know if it was six people on calls, 15 Minute Calls. And some of them you could just tell very quickly that they didn't really care about it. And they were just one guy was a delivery one guy was a courier. And best I can tell he called us from work on a job going. He didn't have a clue who we were doing. So you find people who seem to have good experiences. Yeah. Let's just

Speaker 1  04:02
find out even though you call like you said you had 630 Minute Calls. I had no idea you were even talking to these people. I thought you were just looking at the resumes and then setting up a new interview.

Matthias Miller  04:18
Yeah, after I wasted two hours doing full interviews with people that we are multiple hours of interviews with people we really didn't nobody really liked. Like none of this, we can pick up on this stuff on an initial call. And so I went through the first set of questions for sample questions there. And also just I opened those calls up just asking them what questions they have. That'll tell you a lot. Oh, I don't know. I just I don't know. I don't have any questions. And Jill, when I talked to her she you know she had all kinds of questions. I can't remember what she the one and then I lose rack of these people I know there was one who was asking me about this you just pull up and see if this is her

Matthias Miller  05:15
now it must have been somebody I don't know if it was her or somebody else. Mary were you on the call with the person who asked us all kinds of like I mean really specific sales related questions I think it was right before GM I don't remember. Wait. Sit nice Was it not Amanda? No, I don't think it's it was manda wasn't Yeah, she wasn't really that responsive. I don't remember who it was. It was simply that she Yeah, anyway, so there were some calls where they just really they had some really there's that one there was actually probably one of the some of the best questions that I've gotten about the position. I forget why we didn't move her on but that was also a lady

Matthias Miller  06:19
Yeah, with this last one, I didn't tell you this. I sent a text to my sister Julia Ruth. I said, Hey, I think I think we might have found we might have found your sister just got off an interview with somebody who's goal oriented, friendly and outgoing and I forget what all names came off a whole bunch of attributes that he would carry. So anyway, there you go.

Speaker 1  06:48
I mean, after we got it you said this this Jil lady reminded me reminded you of your sister.

Matthias Miller  06:54
Yes. I think she has just a slight notch higher or she has I think maybe a notch higher energy than my sister does but my sister is an icy on the desk which I don't know if if Jill's see really comes I'm not sure how much that came through on the on the call or not but

Unknown Speaker  07:15
yeah

Speaker 1  07:20
well how will they be they have a history with with that much lip and that much energy distributed

Matthias Miller  07:30
she she was the favorite she was the favorite sister for sure. She and I got along great

Unknown Speaker  07:40
Well, I was still waiting on my

Matthias Miller  07:42
Yeah, we're still waiting on my

Unknown Speaker  07:47
I'm not even sure. What number did you call him from last time?

Matthias Miller  07:53
He was calling in from an all those number

Speaker 1  08:00
you don't have a way of calling out from the conference line. Do you

Unknown Speaker  08:06
know where he is? And we

Matthias Miller  08:07
can pick that up? But I could jump me to call Joby call Rinaldo and see

Speaker 1  08:16
Yeah, if you I can get his number in a minute in column

Matthias Miller  08:21
Okay, thanks when you do that, I

Unknown Speaker  08:23
can. Oh,

Matthias Miller  08:24
I got it right in front of me. I can call on you put it in the email this morning.

Matthias Miller  09:09
Hey, Ronaldo, yeah. Yeah. Hey, is Mike still with you? Yeah. June, I asked him if he was still planning to join the

Matthias Miller  09:25
Google mentor. Yep. Yes, sir. We still going to join us for the this is a word to have the sales meeting today or do you need to reschedule

Matthias Miller  09:38
that? Yeah, but if I Can if you're free to what times I don't mind moving into tomorrow. Tomorrow is pretty open for me and you want to if you let me know when you're available tomorrow I can. I've got game on the line here and we can know that it's time to let you know

Matthias Miller  10:34
Yep, I'm here Okay. Sounds good. Can you call back in? Back into the conference line? Going to the conference? Yeah. Okay. All right. Sounds good. He's gonna call him

Unknown Speaker  11:02
good what is your one minute summary of ERISA inventory and online sales. Like what's happened the past two weeks since the phone's been ringing?

Matthias Miller  11:26
Well, it's been, we've been solving one problem after the other. I sent my email sheets. It should have copied you in on it. Here, let me end this enough I'm so sorry. I can do this stuff off the top. There he is. Nope. 313 is

Matthias Miller  12:12
a that? Yep. I'm here. All right, let me go. Sorry. Okay, no problem. Gave us asking for quick update. So I was gonna actually share a little bit of what I told you. It's kind of rip through that if I can find it. I know it should have all this stuff off the top of my head but figure to be more productive. I just go find this thing.

Matthias Miller  12:53
Okay, so I feel like we've we've been fixing a lot of holes around responsiveness. Getting them to find out in a timely manner and getting back to them. I think the autoresponder has been a when Marissa mentioned, she's been playing around with voicemail messaging, making some shorter punch here to the point. And they both been working on pacing to match the customer. So that's good. They have talked about some gaps, sometimes people? Well, first of all, we don't have any evening staff, which we're hoping to fix. There's currently no way to send text messages, I want to end and there are people that I think would actually do much better if they could see text pictures back and forth and communicate that way. So I need to get with Jonathan on that and figure out how to change the type for him to get authorization to text people if they want that. And the other gap is, we talked to him about it. But it seems like sometimes people aren't expecting a call back with a price range. They want the price they're expecting the price range right away. I feel like

Matthias Miller  14:03
Marissa, especially has brought a lot of ideas, Diaz ideas and changes and tweaks back to the table. Like this morning, we were talking about perhaps doing a kind of a flash sale once a month to get people over the fence if they have price objections. And we basically just save it for those people. Different things like that, and she's totally on board with like, trying some of those ideas and putting pieces in place to make it happen and things like that. Tory has been showing up and replying to call she has been probably less vocal about it but she's been following up with leads as well. She's been working some on Facebook leads. I don't really know how that how it's going. So keeping in mind I don't know. I have to be completely honest. I'm still holding my breath a little bit. Um, because we are still within, you know, Marissa is just getting to the end of her two week time period, you know, so even even based on averages we would have seen previously, or averages that we've seen elsewhere seen in the past. There, there's a two week time period and so she might not actually have so she's she's gotten two referrals that she's handed off to strong referrals that she's handed off who asked to seal out buildings. She's got one RTO customer in South Carolina who's very interested and she's working, working with right now. And there have been other other numerous ones that have expressed interest, but there does seem to be this. I guess what I'm trying to say is within that, within that two week, if we do see an average turnaround time of two weeks, we should we should be about the time when we expect Marisa de Landa first sale might be earlier might be later because it's an average but yeah, I don't know. So raging success. No, not yet. Lots of insights is really good to get feedback from salespeople about what people are talking about, and being able to feed some of that stuff back to Jonathan on the marketing side. So but it does really, if we're in this to continue to tweak and fine tune and fix problems and hone in fix the next bottleneck and then one after that. I do feel really positive about where this is where this is headed.

Speaker 1  16:43
What about Marissa and Tori just just them Are you what's your observation is that at this point? Oh competence by and

Matthias Miller  16:59
both are really bought in, I would say competence. I don't think their sales skills are not over the top. But But Marissa showed I sent him both copies of Verbal Judo and Marissa was super super excited to be able to read it I'm Tory was was grateful as well I just now so I probably should have been doing this earlier. I probably should have been listened to call recordings earlier but you know there's priorities I don't know if I should or not but there's priorities I finally got call recordings available for Mike to be able to call in and listen and I really should set aside some time to sit sit down and listen to some phone calls and see what do some perhaps even do some call breakdowns give them feedback so as far as competence saying you I think they're competent but I haven't actually listened to to call recordings to see what I what I think of their actual conversations

Unknown Speaker  18:20
have you lived in any call recording so can you hear me Yeah, so

Speaker 2  18:31
not yet that I've got on my list I did get the call and information this morning and haven't landed with us so I want to do that and we will do some of that before end of the day. I think it's super critical to open in an A at least a couple maybe to get a grip maybe on each one of them of what how those how those conversations go down don't have feedback. Now that should have been boring

Speaker 1  19:03
the only thing a little bit challenging is none of us on this call have ever so they should online and even if face to face if we combine total sales or the three of us has made you know our careers have

Unknown Speaker  19:20
fairly skinny

Speaker 1  19:25
I mean me and my sold a bunch of shit. Like face to face but if you

Unknown Speaker  19:31
like per year, not very many. Yeah. So as you suggested me Oh, I don't know that this is even a possibility. But

Speaker 1  19:48
having somebody like Eric listen to 30 minutes of calls will probably be 10 times more valuable than the three of us spending a combined 10 out ours is valuable. Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying we shouldn't. I'm saying we absolutely should. But all it's really going to do is it help us understand what's happening? As far as Oh, oh, that is what you need to do different. We're experimenting?

Speaker 1  20:29
Well, very good. Believe it, we learn. I think I asked for a minute. That was a lot more. So I'm happy.

Matthias Miller  20:38
All right, good. All right. So number top of top priority right now is offer for Marissa. Where are we going with that? Next week is going to wrap up for 30 days. And I think we should have an idea of that, where we want to go. I don't know exactly where what exactly the 30 day point is. To get it up really quickly. So are we wanting to? Are we wanting to extend an offer to her? And what are we? What are we offering for that? And looks like? Looks like Tuesday would be the last day of her trial period? And are we wanting to do that? And if so, yeah. Wanting to do that? And if so what salary do we set, set that at? And then tied into that? I don't know that we have to decide this immediately. I think he's been pretty flexible with understanding that we're getting our feet under us. I don't know that we would be we would have to have the performance bonus nailed down. To do that. I think it might be helpful. So what are your thoughts?

Unknown Speaker  22:12
Go ahead, Mike, this is more your project in mind? Well,

Speaker 2  22:21
I would say from what I've gleaned, so far, I would not I would not be ready to pull the plug for sure. On her I've been nothing but like pretty experienced thus far. I would say I would say it would be the right thing to do. It's my opinion

Matthias Miller  22:57
Do you have we given a 60 to 80 range. I mean, I'm gonna stick my neck out not very far and say that she's probably above the complete bottom end and probably under the complete top end. But we told we told them that we would be gauging them on, you know, cultural fit the activity that activity and effort they put into it. And the actual performance, you know, where they actually able to close deals 30 window 30 days? Well, less than that. Two weeks of less than two weeks on the phone for us to start talking about? Well a little sorry, we're a little over two weeks, two and a half weeks on the phone for us to start talking about actual performance and looking at number of deals that she's closed is there's not a lot of data to go on. Hopefully I set forth the right criteria for them but that's kind of what I told them that we're looking for in the staying staying on. Um, but thoughts from you guys on what we should retain her

Speaker 1  24:18
abs? Well, it's easy to have thoughts when you don't really understand the situation and there's no emotions involved. It seems like based on Marisa is very hands on frontline experience and understanding that at the end of the trial period, no sales have been closed, that it would seem reasonable to give her an offer at the lower end of the spectrum based upon you know, we really don't know where this is, you know, let's give it Three months, we're really going to know like, if if we give her an offer on the lower end of the spectrum, and because I'm just repeating myself, and she quit me that we kind of see something now that's the one side of the coin, the other side of the coin is? Well, I mean, Dee is exactly the type of person that we're looking for, let's not let our low start, allow us to lose somebody. I mean, if we're looking at three months, and you know, the difference between 60 and 70, for three months is very minimal. Let's keep her I mean, if we had to layer off in three months, you know, we will but that's kind of both sides of the coin. Makes sense? That's the only opinion I think I would.

Speaker 2  26:35
Probably, just because of what I the interaction I've had, rather than going low or high end, maybe maybe more in the middle, and it doesn't work out then. Rather than saying, I think this is the right mean, to me, it matches the matches all of the criteria about as good as I've heard the SAR and all the interviews, and in actual action, she actually has been involved in construction and understands construction fairly well. Like what it takes and understands the terminologies and as discussing, so

Speaker 1  27:21
I would definitely not want to

Unknown Speaker  27:28
lose the opportunity at this point.

Matthias Miller  27:47
So, love you mentioned you mentioned 60 to 70 as a as possible range. I think you're centering it as early as possible range. I mean, Mike, do you have? Do you have a number in mind?

Unknown Speaker  28:08
I would say probably five or 10 off the bottom that do it.

Matthias Miller  28:26
Well, that narrows it down to 65 to 70.

Matthias Miller  28:34
I mean, that sounds about right.

Matthias Miller  28:44
They say nobody wins when you split things down the middle

Matthias Miller  28:54
but we could say 6075.

Unknown Speaker  29:05
That's good. I'm good with that.

Matthias Miller  29:14
Okay. Are we on board with the PTO? If you were more than

Speaker 1  29:24
going back then, yeah, we're still going back and forth with him and they're really slow. I don't see any reason that it won't work. At this point. It's just being really slow. Do you see in the event, I mean, we can go to options. One of the we can go all hands on deck and push it really really really hard. Put a lot of energy needed to make sure it's ready by like two weeks from now. Or the second option would be if we keep putting the amount of energy in it that we are now it could be in place in two weeks that he couldn't before. And at that point, we tell everybody, we're still in the process of setting up, you know, all the out of state stuff for employment, whatever. And we're going to pay you one more time like we were. How good or how bad would that be? I would obviously be the easiest.

Matthias Miller  30:21
Well, the option see, though, is I don't know if Leanne might not be delighted, perfectly delighted with this. But isn't. Isn't Burkholder registered in Ohio?

Speaker 1  30:35
In Ohio, yes. The only thing I wouldn't really like about that is we're we're setting up for maybe one payroll and then probably switching again.

Matthias Miller  30:52
I think

Speaker 1  30:53
I can we can just make a deadline push really, really hard.

Matthias Miller  30:58
Well, you don't have you don't have two weeks you? Well, actually, nevermind. Yeah. Well, we'll make her the offer. She was start working on the under the she would start that on the second. And the pay period would then land on when?

Matthias Miller  31:20
Or what's your pay schedule? Like?

Matthias Miller  31:27
I

Speaker 1  31:28
am not sure. I was under the impression that you're setting the schedule.

Matthias Miller  31:35
Okay. Well, I mean, if, if I would set the schedule, I think it would make sense to start. I don't know that it really matters. For sure. Do we have to pay her by the 14th? Unless we have some kind of agreement. And and I think I think that would be reasonable. So we have a deadline by the 14th. And we'll tell her that so do her benefits her her benefits won't kick in though until we get everything nailed down with the PEO is that right?

Speaker 1  32:15
I don't know particular but I would I'm pretty sure that it would start as as the day the PEO becomes effective, which I'm thinking if November 2 is the day even if it's weaker, you know the tans by the time everything is set up, I don't see why they shouldn't be able to start at the second I will push that.

Matthias Miller  32:44
Okay, so I will I'll make make her the offer and say that I think it might be appropriate to give her a little bit of a heads up that we are nailing down the last of the details for the PEO and we anticipate her benefits being available on November 2 But we will keep her in the loop if anything changes was that sound appropriate?

Speaker 2  33:20
Either sounds good hear the the

Unknown Speaker  33:31
beat that last part. You

Unknown Speaker  33:32
were seeing the benefits or you were talking about the like the bonus or whatever?

Matthias Miller  33:39
In the offer the benefits in the offer we had talked about 50% 50% will cover 50% of health of medical dental vision. Got it?

Matthias Miller  34:00
Yeah. All right. Well, I will. Do you guys want to do you guys have any other contracts that you guys, are you guys gonna have employment contracts that you put in place? Your GPS have that we'll have that?

Speaker 1  34:19
We don't I'm expecting that the PEO will have that. Okay. All right. We'll see.

Matthias Miller  34:28
Sounds good. And then so simple offer email, kind of like what I did for the other one. Is that good. And do you guys want to review it before I send it out?

Unknown Speaker  34:36
Not here.

Speaker 2  34:40
Just top him in. Okay. Okay. Are you?

Matthias Miller  34:44
Good? All right. So, Michael, I send out an email with some thoughts on performance bonuses. And my only fear here is that I'm making things more common better than they need to be. But I can at least explain my rationale. I'm gonna assume because you're on the road that you do not have access to that. Is that right?

Speaker 2  35:12
That that's why now, I'm almost back. I'm within three minutes. So my office, so I'll be in front of three minutes. And I can take a peek at that. But you can start talking.

Matthias Miller  35:26
Okay, sounds good? Well, I can give you kind of a high level. But in my opinion, there's two things we want to incentivize towards. One is we want to incentivize towards a collaborative team environment, we want people to help each other. And if somebody is on the phone, and a lead comes in, and somebody else could answer within 14 seconds. If if the team wants to figure out a way to have somebody else, answer that in 14 seconds and make it happen, I don't want the first person to be penalized, because I think that's a win for everybody are unnecessarily unduly penalized. Now, if somebody is just straight up slacking, that's a whole other issue. But I'm hoping that a relatively healthy team culture can can protect against that. Now at the same time, we also want to incentivize for personal personal performance. So if you're not personally getting better at what you do, then well, we got a problem. And so my proposal is that bonus is actually split 5050 might be the wrong percentage. I might be thinking of this wrong, but somebody's got to get thoughts on the table. Now, what actually matters apologize.

Speaker 2  36:36
Apologize for interrupting I just pulled into the office. I'm gonna hop off and call back in one minute. So perfect. I'll be right back. Sounds good. Thank you. Thanks

Speaker 1  37:01
one of the biggest reasons been that Corey and Marissa have been using that people aren't buying like is it easy to talk to my husband is it I'm not sure what I need is it I'm just shopping is it the price is too high? Is it I don't know what say the one

Matthias Miller  37:24
there have been a good number of financial objections there's also been a lot of people who just been really difficult to reach

Speaker 1  37:40
financial objections as in the price is too high I found that cheaper down the street

Matthias Miller  37:48
I'm not even completely sure that it's I found something cheaper down the street it's just the price is too high now one of the things

Unknown Speaker  37:59
that you present

Matthias Miller  38:02
Ah, you should have better notes. Mary, do you remember some of the other ones that have been coming up?

Matthias Miller  38:16
Recalls not. Not sure. There? Oh, there's another one, um, color swatches or, you know, has been some some issue for a few people. Like they really want to see actually how it's going to look. There have been there were two leads that came in that specifically asked to go to a lot I think one of them wanted to actually touch and feel and the other one wanted needed something immediately. There was a was a house fire. And both of those closed

Matthias Miller  39:03
Yeah. What What should actually what should actually happen? Well, they've been some of them that they've had good conversations with, then they suddenly go dark and they're not able to get hold of like there was a guy who was asking about a military discount, and then I believe he's been basically unresponsive since then. So it would be good to Yeah, it'd be good to go through some of those actual calls and assign since the numbers are some some more specific, yeah, actually actually get some real analytics

Matthias Miller  39:49
Okay, welcome back, Michael. Sir. So what? So then I'm saying that there are, I can't count I said For and I listed three factors, four factors and listed three. And I think in performance, there's three things that we're really looking for. One is how responsive can we be to the leads that come in? So are we able to get to them within 14 seconds, too, and I'm proposing some kind of points system, two points for every lead responded to within 14 seconds at a point for everything responded to within two minutes. And then resourcefulness of leads, which means how well are we actually utilizing the leads that come in, and I think the best definition I can come up for this is, are we actually trying consistently to get hold of them for 30 days with the understanding that they might be busy, they might have, you know, if they, if they say, Look, we're not buying, we went down the street, like, that's something entirely different. So, so either either we've, either they've completely closed the door, didn't wanna buy that, or they have bought, or we've stayed in touch with them for 30 days to see if, you know, to, to see where they're at. How happy are the satisfaction of leads, and generally be satisfaction of customers. But then what I'm proposing here is a net promoter score after delivery. And if somebody gives us a nine or 10, of gives us a nine or 10, recommend, you know, they would recommend it to somebody else. That's, that's, that's what we want. That means they will actively promote truepoint other people, anything under that seven or seven or eight, they're okay. But they're not going to actively refer promote anything under that is a negative experience. And proposing that we we give some kind of bonus for them being able to bring resolution to customer issues as well. They might not everything might be within their control, but they can at least pursue pursue some resolution. So I'm calling these Joy points, happy customers. total of six points possible. If you respond to them immediately. You close the deal, and they're nine to 10. Big Questions with this point system

Unknown Speaker  42:15
are,

Matthias Miller  42:17
can we do this effectively, without being burdensome? You keep it simple, simple to execute, and then how to determine the exact dollar amount. Got some math in the dollar amount we can get into the dollar amount, but want to start first of all with? Is this an appropriate model for performance bonuses in this type of a team structure?

Unknown Speaker  42:38
And

Matthias Miller  42:41
is it simple enough?

Unknown Speaker  42:54
You have any thoughts on how we would track that?

Matthias Miller  42:59
Well, lead response times within 14 seconds, we would we have call information coming in from three CX. So we could just see how many how many leads coming in, you know, we have to account for you know, if people give us bad numbers, well, then we don't have a bit basically what we'd have to do is see within see whether any of the there any calls made to that phone number within 14 seconds of submission. And we could do that we come up with a way to do that automatically. resourcefulness, we're just relying on people actually putting communication into the CRM, and they could they could lie about it, they can make up numbers. The sales fairly clear satisfaction of leads. I've been waiting to implement this until we actually have a client, you know, until we actually close, close the deal. But I would like to have this be part of the follow up process where after a building is delivered, that it shows up with the to do for them to collect a net promoter score. And it goes on the opportunity record then and again. That means that they can lie about it make it up but I think we're trusting that these are grown up responsible adults

Matthias Miller  44:29
don't know about the resolution issues is probably the one that is least easy to track. Go ahead.

Speaker 2  44:39
I'm sorry the last one you said the resourcefulness is the most difficult to track

Matthias Miller  44:43
the know the satisfaction of leads as in resolving potential problems. But we could have a checkbox on the opportunity that says you know post delivery, net promoter score and then just have a comment box for post delivery and say Were there any, were there any post delivery problems? And if so, what did you do to resolve them? What did you do to resolve them? And what was the final resolution?

Speaker 2  45:12
Well, seems like you know, those two points were relying on some of their truthfulness or you know, integrity, but we don't have people on the team that we can trust or have integrity, we've got the wrong set of people to start with.

Speaker 1  45:35
What's your thoughts? So the responsiveness that could be a scoreboard that is outside of the control of each person, and you look at it, and everybody looks at it, right? Correct. And then the resourcefulness. I don't quite understand that if is a CRM going to track that or know?

Matthias Miller  46:09
The CRM is going to track? Well, I mean, we track all communications with the customer, this point, there would actually be a way of, I don't know that we could tie this out to text messages once we do text messages. But there could be way to tie this out to would there be not necessarily the emails where you track phone call, phone call outreaches. One of the things we could do is when somebody places a phone call, when there's a phone call or communication record, we can try to match it up and flag it as verified if, if the communication, you know, the phone call happened to that person right around that period of time. So we are tracking Sorry, I'm giving you a horrible unclear answer to your question. The CRM, they are supposed to track every single time they reach out to the customer in any form or fashion, whether it's a text, email, phone call voicemail. And we are tracking that that's the part where we're relying on their trust, you know, trusting them to make sure they're actually doing them doing that and not just making stuff up.

Speaker 1  47:31
Understand, then the satisfaction. It seems like that's the fuzzy one like we would be depending on Marissa to at the end of every call to say, I brought resolution or I didn't.

Matthias Miller  47:49
I think it's pretty straight, straightforward. Buildings delivered. Two days later, Marissa calls them up. They just want to say, you want to see, our web is anything How did it go? And then, and then just say, one of the things we're doing we always do is we're always trying to get better at how we serve our customers. And just here's on a scale of one to 10, how likely would you be to recommend to point to somebody else? And that's the that's the Net Promoter Score. She gets a nine or 10. So automatically, it's automatically two points for her. And if it's not that, then you know, are there any issues? Well, no, not really. It's just average, it's fine. Well, there's nothing she can do about it. And if if, and they're like, but if they say, Well, we got there, and the delivery driver scratched the paint off the one corner. And she's like, Okay, well, let me check into that. She calls up sketches to get to work, we're scheduled to touch up the paint on the one corner, that would be considered a resolution of a customer problem.

Matthias Miller  48:59
And for those, I think you have to have, you know, whether it's myself or Mike, somebody has to go through those, they would have to document it. And then we would have to go through and be like, Yeah, we think this qualifies. And we think this doesn't end. The good news of doing that anyway, is we should be somebody should needs to be aware of the types of issues customers are running into and when they get buildings.

Unknown Speaker  49:26
Would there be a way that

Speaker 2  49:30
a link would be sent to a customer just asking them to check off like, one to five stars or something. And the customer actually reads it versus a verbal thing where they feel it in themselves? And like it would be a thing that the Marissa would make this phone call and make sure that will happen is that hey, I'm gonna send you this link. See if you can just give us a give us a rating on that. Like maybe even send it while she's on the call. I think there it is. Want to make sure that you're happy. And on that call, if she sees the customer is not happy, she would wait to send the league until she gets the customer happy and then trying to get satisfaction out of each one. But being pretty straightforward where the fuzziness be out of it. Maybe that's not a good idea wasn't sure that's just spewed out of my

Unknown Speaker  50:23
mind right now without any deep thought. So maybe it's a good idea, maybe it's a horrible idea.

Matthias Miller  50:32
I think it's a horrible idea, I think your your, I think the number of responsiveness responses that you get is going to go down if you have a link for them to fill out, but your accuracy of information for the people who do respond may go up.

Speaker 2  50:53
I'm just thinking down the lines of if you order something from sample like a retailer or Bass Pro Shops, or Cabela's, what they do is they then send you out this link that as like one button to push, give us a star rating and then it has 12345 Just push one and then you're done. And walk away like two seconds. Just think and then walk away. What did you give us? But it would be it would still be something that you'd probably lose 30% of your customers by that trade off for accurate read? Well,

Matthias Miller  51:36
if you had it literally beaten, I've seen emails like that I kind of forgot about that. Yeah, no, I like that. So you tightened it into Active Campaign, send an email, you know, three, second three second question. Because it really is that and whether it's five stars, or how likely are you to recommend? Now we could just do five stars, and it can be used as writing, then you could then you could, they would click it in the email. And as soon as they click it, it would register on their Active Campaign, what they clicked, we could tie that back to the opportunity. And then on that on that customer review, review, thank you page, we could give them an option. If they click five stars, to say, Hey, would you like to also leave us a review on Google? They want to? Or would you like to send us private? And if it's not that, then we could say hey, would you like to give us private feedback? You thoughts on that game?

Speaker 1  52:47
I don't think I do. I think the key thing here that we're trying to accomplish? Well, let me ask the question, what is it that we're trying to accomplish? Are we trying to get the sales people to really care about what they're doing? And really care about making the customers happy and taken care of? Or is it? Well, boy, that's probably what we're doing, right?

Matthias Miller  53:31
What? You know, what's the business value of this? The business value is that the real the real money in any business is not what you sell the first time. It's what you sell the second, third, fourth and fifth time after you've paid to acquire the customer. Well, how do you do that when when people only have so much room in their backyard to buy a shed? Well, the way that you do that, is you figure out a way to make these guys so giddy and proud of their shed that that and have the experience be so wonderful. That I mean, it's just like, it's like buying an Apple computer, when you get an Apple computer. It comes in this nice pretty box. And everything's simple and organized well and neatly engineered and, and if you ordered, I ordered myself new air pods recently and I ordered it and Amazon's two day has turned into three to four days. And you know, even though it's prime delivery, and I went online, it said it's going to be here the next day. Like and the and USPS actually said it was going to take two days to arrive. And lo and behold, Apple was actually right. Next day I had my air pods and like, is it enough to go talk? Well, it's obviously enough for me to be talking on a random phone call on how to keep customers happy. It's worth me talking about my apple buying experience. So If that is the kind of experience, we can give people who buy, and they're going to that what we want to have happen after that is these conversations where they're inviting friends over. And they're, they're talking about this shit. And these guys are like, where did you buy it? It's like, well, I found this this little known company online. And I called him up. And it was the most amazing it was like buying a Tesla was like buying an apple, and they go off and how wonderful it was to work with them, like, or work with us. And

Matthias Miller  55:35
that's going to have a compound effect over time, especially if we can collect those as customer reviews, that you're not going to be able to accumulate if you're selling sheds for the bottom dollar

Speaker 1  55:53
so really, it is we want these people to recommend us to the friends

Matthias Miller  56:03
that's where the money's at Yep.

Speaker 1  56:28
Sorry, I was out of the office for seven seconds. Well, what makes people so it kind of seems like we need to to look at this both ways. Like we're tracking performance from the salespeople sighs like, how are you doing? How are you doing at doing things that are going to make our customers gung ho and referred into to their friends, we believe that if you call them back promptly, that will make people refer their friends, if you are resourceful you keep at it, if you let me see here, the touchpoints satisfaction. Now, as far as how we reach out to the customer, having the salesperson column and ask them versus sending that email. Which of those is going to be the most like aside from the star as they put on there? Which of those is going to make people the most likely to refer their friends, just the method of contact.

Matthias Miller  57:57
But one of the things that Dwayne mentioned that I was doing is asking what their preferred method of contact is. And I think personalization may come into this. I think it may depend. I think maybe it just comes down to being sensitive to how they want to be. How they want to be contacted.

Unknown Speaker  58:16
I can see that.

Matthias Miller  58:20
So it could be a text. Hey, can you quick click this link real quick. Just give me your thoughts, or it could be an email could be a could be a personal phone call.

Speaker 1  58:33
Yeah, I could see that. How hard would that be? Like we could put that into the CRM. Like one of the initial questions or something, I don't know anything about the CRM that or do the people or the people do that on the front end? They would

Matthias Miller  58:52
do that on the front end. We would make it the last question. Okay. It makes it the last question. And so the other thing I'm talking to Jonathan about is about adding that in the text message authorization to the to the action form.

Speaker 2  59:16
That's the key point and then at that point, reaching out the way you want to be reached. I think that's a really, really key point there. And also the key point that you touched on Matthias and being able to, on the backside catch reviews. One thing that truepoint is really suffering from right now I think, just my opinion, is we lack a bunch of reviews on there. If I buy something online, I do actually watch for reviews or have the key occasion like for other people, reviews on the product doesn't make a difference. Able to collect that as well. good reviews so by what's the next step here? So

Matthias Miller  1:00:28
I'm making a few notes is this. So whether it's a five star review or Net Promoter Score either way, it's just a difference of with do you have five stars? Or do you have 10 numbers? Think I think it using the 10 Minute, we don't have to get into that. But with this,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:02
I'm finding the way to be clear.

Matthias Miller  1:01:06
With this methodology, does this methodology determine it makes sense for determining each person's end of month bonus points, and keeping in mind that they might be really, really responsive to leads for the first month, and then the second month, they might start closing those leads and get points for that. And the third month might get delivered? And this is kind of stretching out but might get delivered? They might get points for that. So it's just based on whatever, whatever data they accumulate these points with, do these points make sense as a way of measuring performance? Is there a different way we should be thinking about it? Get or don't like a game?

Speaker 1  1:02:02
Yeah. One of the four disciplines of execution is create a compelling scoreboard. And if there was a way to create some easily accessible scoreboard that probably could be seen by all that was easily updated, it becomes fun and a game. At that point, I think it could be really effective just at the end of every month, people say Oh, actually, me and I forgot about that. I don't know how that would be done. But I think that would probably be doable.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:48
Would you want everybody to see everybody's score? Yeah, some people think that. Because if I mean, one of my pet peeves back

Speaker 1  1:03:06
Oh, one of my pet peeves back when I was with the youth, and we were playing volleyball is oh, if I wanted to know the score, like I want it loud announcements that score because I thought that's what makes the game fun. You know, 1960 1970, and some people wanted to keep it secret. And then we just got the ball and all of a sudden somebody said, beat and I always failed to either buy that

Matthias Miller  1:03:39
I personally agree. And here's why. If let's let's say Marissa and Tory are at it. And one week, Marissa says, Hey, Tori, like these numbers are really low. Is there anything I can do to help you get these numbers up because I want to get my team numbers up. And the next week, you know, versus lagging on something and, you know, let's say Marissa is overloaded with leads and she's not getting back into responsive matter. And Tory's, like we got to fix this. Like I'm not letting you drop your points because it's affecting the team score. And you can't have that without visibility

Unknown Speaker  1:04:22
I agree

Speaker 1  1:04:28
we really need it if this scoreboard was in a system our where me or Mike or anybody that is Amish could pull it and see it and then you know we could maybe comment on it a little bit here and there. Maybe it's not necessary. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:04:46
I agree. I'd want to assist you so that they can see it every day and have it live updated. Did I

Matthias Miller  1:05:03
I may have dropped the ball on this. Mike, I was going to start sending you. daily activity report sales activity reports. I think I dropped the ball on that. I think I think it is something that we should build out. I think that's not quite a prerequisite but close. Good. I like it.

Matthias Miller  1:05:38
My any any comments on this, sir? I don't mean to completely discovering

Speaker 2  1:05:43
Oh, no, no, I'm good. I'm good with that. I think it's great. It seems like the less fuzziness that's in there, I think, the cleaner, we can have those goals, the less chance for it to get frustrating for anybody, like, you know, did they hit the goal? Or didn't I didn't hit the goal? It was just clear and clean, like you either hit it or we miss it or? Or you know, and then it's good, clean? And I think it's the cleaner we can get it, the better it's going to be for everybody as we move. I like it, I think it's aligned.

Matthias Miller  1:06:24
The other thing I did not think about is are we setting sales curve numbers for our for them? Are we are we letting them basically drive their sales goals off of these numbers here?

Speaker 2  1:06:47
For the first year, what we did on this is just what we did for brick and mortar dealers for treatment brick and mortar dealers, the first year we gave him a million dollars. So maybe that's maybe that's a good goal to have. Maybe it's a bad goal to have. I think you could grow from there for sure. Maybe I'm not sure I'd be open to ideas. It seems like we don't have a goal, we don't have nothing to hit. Seems like we should have a goal or we're just shooting for nothing.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:17
But so if we

Speaker 2  1:07:22
have a goal, what should that goal be? Should it be a million? Or should it be something different? For the first year?

Matthias Miller  1:07:30
You guys know better than I do. I would hope that they could outperform. outperform dealers, but I don't know what's reasonable here.

Speaker 2  1:07:43
Thoughts in that gave a brick and mortar average brick and mortar store that's doing good. That's been open for three years and sells good numbers is a million dollars. The exceptional ones amazing brick and mortar dealers are still selling $2 million. Okay. All right. So opinions there.

Speaker 1  1:08:11
So the bonuses we've talked about so far, really have nothing to do with the amount of sales you make, or is to teach you. No, no, no,

Matthias Miller  1:08:20
no. More you make more than you have. Yeah. And you get points for closing a deal. And so the more you close now, it doesn't say he doesn't reward you for closing 20 grand deal instead of a five grand deal.

Speaker 1  1:08:35
Which is good. Okay, but this this to the sales goals. We're not tying you're not proposing to tie any, any any bonus to just the dollar amount of sales per year, right.

Matthias Miller  1:09:05
I, to be honest, I hadn't thought about it up until now, I've kind of thought about I mean, I've been thinking more about how do we incentivize the right activities and outcomes, apart from dollar amounts. And actually, I did not get to the rest of my email, I did go into some some ways to actually assign dollar amounts and this could actually apply.

Matthias Miller  1:09:30
week so my, in my email, I suggested that at a if somebody sells 2 million a year, they would get the full 10k Bonus, which is a 7500 average ticket price that's 22 sales a month, which means that at a maximum of six points possible per sale, that's 132 maximum points possible. And if we split that 5050 For an average of the team, that's it total of 100 to 64 points available, which the whole team is cranking like that, that's actually probably pretty unreasonable. But if we set that as the benchmark for 10k, that would be $3, they get a monthly bonus to $3 per point that they earn. Now, that's assuming that. So that would be 5k. If they hit it themselves, plus whatever the team's didn't able to generate. So maybe that's setting the bar a bit too high. We could lower that to

Matthias Miller  1:10:47
a million, which would basically make them make it $6, a point per point that they earn. But you could also then, if you want to tie into dollar amounts or volume, you could say that you get so we're capturing these points. And you know, the point that you earn 50 points, you get a bonus, and when you get 100 points, you get another bonus. And 150 points, you get

Matthias Miller  1:11:19
like a really, really good bonus. Like on top of the like either added incentives for hitting hitting those, those different levels.

Speaker 1  1:11:34
Are you anticipating these bonuses just to be paid out as payroll? I have this crazy philosophy about bonuses that if you just put them on the payroll, it kind of gets lost in the shuffle. And people love gift cards, at least most people do. And it just feels like free money. And I know companies oftentimes don't like using gift cards, because if you put it on people's payroll, it kind of makes people feel like they're being cheated. You're making me pay taxes on a gift card. Are you kidding me. But if you don't, and then you the company actually had to pay those taxes. Well, I see the benefits of paying people with $100 gift cards, way well worth paying the taxes on it.

Matthias Miller  1:12:40
So

Speaker 1  1:12:43
and it makes if if somebody sent me, if I hit my goals, I hit my goals. And if I'm really hitting goals, I'm getting a gift card, like every three or four days. I'm like really gung ho about that. But if at the end of the month, I see a bonus on my paycheck for $300. I'm like whatever. So I really think that's going to

Matthias Miller  1:13:17
it's funny, I do the same thing. I've done advisory work for my sister, and she insists on paying me. And so I say go call at the local coffee shop and go have them set a gift card back for me and whatever about you want to pay me. So to your point, I get it. The only comment I would probably make on that is I think it's I think it's valuable for them to have an element of choice in it. So here's one proposal is we rent it for a month versus a month. We send out an email to them and say hey, look, congratulations, you've you've done this many points it's worth worth this many dollars how many were what kind of gift card would you like this month? Would you like Walmart or Hobby Lobby or a gas card or a travel voucher or whatever? We come up with some kind of list of presumably we've got some kind of vendor that makes it pretty easy to get these sent out and let them choose and this is the Choose we either drop it in the mail or send it to them electronically. Like try electronically would be easier.

Speaker 1  1:14:36
That makes it even funner because I get to choose. Man is there any way I could have Red Lobster? Yeah, sure.

Matthias Miller  1:14:46
Yeah. I mean, it's our anniversary we would like a gift certificate towards you know, this five star hotel that we're gonna go stay at or I Don't know what

Speaker 2  1:15:03
the other thing I like about that is it makes an event out of every time. So every time there's a when they get a bonus. You know there's a little discussion when it's not just oh, I think maybe I got some last month I'm not sure let me look I did get some I did get a bonus break

Matthias Miller  1:15:29
encourages celebration

Matthias Miller  1:15:38
Yeah, I think this is the kind of thing that this is the kind of thing sounds kind of silly but probably would actually be good for me to implement for myself and goals I want to hit in my own personal KPIs and metrics that I want to see happen. Sounds pretty silly, but

Speaker 1  1:16:02
I mean, like buying yourself. But, like buying yourself a gift card? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:16:15
Yeah. I was recently recently, I had a whole bunch of people picking apart my life and telling me what, well, not really telling me what I was doing wrong, but telling me what I could do better. And one of the guys is like, So how often do you celebrate your wins? I told him I'm working on it. Which is a really bad answer to give him that kind of a context means of not doing it. So it's a really practical way to celebrate, celebrate wins, and you're always looking forward and looking looking for the next problem solving the next thing to do then can be easy to forget. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:01
I like it. I like this a lot.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:09
The morning, what do we land on the goal?

Matthias Miller  1:17:13
Oh, my proposal. And the goal is that we have have some something extra at different levels, 50 points, 100 points, 150 points? Or? I mean, I'm kind of interested in actually having the goals. Well, I don't know, maybe I should shut up and stop talking. But I'm not going to

Speaker 2  1:17:34
get it's like not having the arrival. But look, the stair step where you can go with it, the better you do, the better. You let's let's not like say the million and then you have arrived. So like, Oh, we've hit it and then sit back in the in the rocking chair and wait till next year. Yeah. But more of a, the better you get at it. You know, there's always a way that gives you more and more bonus as you can do to become an Eric Emilian. Look at this amazing thing. Is that what you're saying?

Matthias Miller  1:18:12
Yeah, it's Yes, exactly. Right. If somebody if somebody can get based on this model here, if somebody can earn more than 10 10k a year in bonus, I don't think anybody's going to be complaining at that point. Or it should be set up in a way that nobody's complaining if they find a way to to earn it. It does raise the question, though. Sorry, I should have. We're, we're going over now. I don't know. Do you guys have a few more minutes? Or should we? Turn in the event. Okay, so what is the, in the baseline, I said 2 million a year for a full 10k Bonus, but that's realistically just giving them a 5k bonus. And the teams they're going to be at that point, we think they're probably going to be the best of the best and the rest of the team is going to you know, they're they're going to earn maybe 2500 off the rest of the team. So realistically, if we set the base at the basis for the 10k bonus at 2 million, they're going to they might cap I mean, they might actually have to hit about three before they really get the full 10k Bonus

Matthias Miller  1:19:33
Do you guys have work or do we start just start low and say we're not completely sure yet where they should be. But you know if they're reaching out to 30 leads at within 14 seconds that 6060 Oh goodness. I didn't think this through though. If they're getting 30 leads a month, they're reaching out to 215 of them with Within 14 seconds, they're getting a $50 card $45 card, they reach out to the rest of them within within two minutes. But if they reach out to, sorry, three 360. But if they they get 30 leads, they reach out to all of them within 14 seconds. At $3 a point that's 30 times to that 60 times three, they're getting $180 gift card which comes out to 1800 a year, which is about a 10th of what their total score is. But if they do that they're going to start closing leads to

Speaker 1  1:20:42
don't really think we need anything. Goals, like specifically tied to total dollar

Unknown Speaker  1:20:50
sales.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:54
I think we should we should just focus on the lead measures.

Matthias Miller  1:21:06
I'm good with that. The question is, is $3 per point is that the right compensation for point earned?

Speaker 1  1:21:18
I wish there was a way to keep it kind of open ended where we can kind of make it every month what we want to do probably? Yeah, I think so. To that

Speaker 2  1:21:32
point, it's related to responsiveness, resourcefulness and satisfaction only. And which is the beginning and the end of the sale. So the wholesale has to happen to get all three. And then that's it. We just focus on that. Is that what you were saying? Gave? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:21:57
Okay. Great. So then, one last question as far as goals. So one of the things I've seen in other situations is Sales Manager works with team member to say, what what do you think? What do you think is a goal that you think you know, if you Well, first of all philosophy on goal setting? You go to a Grant Cardone seminar, he'll tell you that, you know, that's the place where you go find people who, what's your goal for this year, oh, I'm gonna go from zero to two. I'm brand new in business, never run a business before. I'm gonna go from zero to a million the first year. And and you're like, Oh, well, you should TEDx it, you should go from zero to 10 million this this first year. And then they work themselves dizzy and work themselves to death. And they, they end up really disappointed because they and they can't set goals anymore, because the only goals they set are ones they can hit. I'm a fairly big fanatic and reasonable goals, stretch goals, but reasonable goals. But I think I think so that's kind of a precursor in context. You have to have some kind of competence that you can actually hit it. And and I think having an accurate goal is actually pretty important. So one way that I've seen this done in other other situations is having individual employee goals, and just having a conversation with the employee, saying, Okay, let's take a look at what you what your goal was this month. Where is it at now? And why or why not? Did you think you hit that? What needs to change? And then what do you think is a reasonable goal for next month, and setting individual goals, so I'm earning this much per point. My goal is, I'm just getting started. My goal is 22 points this month, that might be way too low. But whatever it is, it's 22 points this month. And and then if they hit their personal goal, they get a bonus of I don't know what the numbers should be. The an extra $25 Extra. I don't know what it is. Do you guys have thoughts on that? On that at all?

Unknown Speaker  1:24:27
If you get thoughts on that one.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:30
I I'm good with that.

Speaker 2  1:24:42
So what would you would just lay out a specific proposal on that then or how would we look at that?

Matthias Miller  1:24:51
Think I need input from you. I don't know how substantial I think I can lay out the proposal as far as establishing that. I realize I have to drop it the top of the hour here, probably dropped actually a few minutes before, the big question that I have is, if we set a goal with the with the salesperson, what's the what's the should we and we give them an additional bonus for hitting whatever goal that they set. What's the dollar amount on that is that if it's a $50, if it's a $50, a month bonus, that's that comes out to $600 out of their 10k bonus in a month just comes from being able to set set reasonable goals and hit them consistently

Matthias Miller  1:25:41
is that the right dollar amounts would be more or less.

Speaker 1  1:25:48
I know we need to drop and I maybe just making this more open ended. But what would be the pros and the cons of of, of a adding a time period like until when you hit this time period, you know, then we'll see how much of a bonus he had. Or be having the bonus be $100 gift card and then we talk about how soon are you going to hit it? Oh, I kind of liked the ladder a little bit. Because as soon as you you know, here's the point, here's what you need to do make points as soon as you get this much points is going to be $100 gift card. And if somebody hits it, three days into it. We hit it and we start over.

Matthias Miller  1:26:42
Okay. And if they're hitting a lot, then we say hey, we're gonna bump this up to 250 Because you're 150 Because you're playing at a different level now. How many days until you hit

Unknown Speaker  1:26:52
your now? Yeah. I was sick and tired of calling you every single day with a bonus.

Matthias Miller  1:27:06
You're wasting time filling out these surveys with gift cards you went okay, well, I gotta drop. I like it. I'm going to take the notes of our conversation, put it back together and shoot it back over to you guys to take a quick second look at

Unknown Speaker  1:27:18
this stuff. Appreciate it. Alright, thanks

Unknown Speaker  1:27:21
again. You


Transcribed by https://otter.ai