Unknown Speaker  00:13
Hey guys, good morning, Marissa here.

Unknown Speaker  00:16
The morning Tory here.

Unknown Speaker  00:19
Good morning, Michael

Unknown Speaker  00:21
Duffy there. Got a little roll call going this morning.

Speaker 1  00:30
So I guess we're missing Matthias for if I'm not mistaken for the rest of the week, Wednesday through Friday.

Unknown Speaker  00:40
And Monday as well, I believe.

Unknown Speaker  00:43
Right. That's right.

Speaker 1  00:46
So, yeah, what? Well, the exciting thing that is on my mind this morning is a little email I just received from you, Marissa, just a couple moments, feeling that you're very, very close to a signature on that big sale. So that's pretty exciting.

Speaker 2  01:06
Yeah, I promised the customer an email back today with the what I'm considering the final quote for his review, and then I'll be sending it to him via Docusign. To get a formal signature on, I'm going to be writing a letter for internal purposes, to the builder because of the number of just fine details in outlet placement and the upgrades that he's chosen. So I'll be running it by the customer as well as they hate is this to you sound like it's capturing all of those details that we had talked about. So just trying to be extra careful, Whiz, there's so much building, it's just not your typical like eight by 12, shed slap a door on it and go, it's it's got a lot of details to it. So I wanted to move slowly and very carefully on that.

Unknown Speaker  02:05
That is exciting. Really good.

Speaker 2  02:08
Yeah, for sure. This is the guy in Virginia, so I not thinking it's gonna go to cherrystone for construction. I'm not 100% on that, but I'm thinking that's where it's headed.

Speaker 1  02:25
Likely will, logistically that would make the most sense, logistically, but sometimes if it's too crazy and custom, sometimes we depending we'll jerk it down and do it. Most of the custom stuff gets done in Hampton Ville. But this doesn't look like it's too big of a deal. And with it being 14 wide, logistically is always a concern. And that's an extra two hours by these by going up there. So most likely will happen there. But this is the guy if I don't ever recall that is doing his little thing there where he's wanting to maybe do like Airbnb or type stuff out of it event. Yeah, right. Am I right? Yeah.

Speaker 2  03:05
Yeah, exactly. Michael, he's in land acquisition for his profession. So he flips real estate, he has rental real estate, definitely is like a investor, buy, you know, real estate investor by nature of his business. So I think we are his first shed to house type of building. We had some wonderful phone conversations. He's really nice guy just, you know, knows what he wants. His assistant at the company has actually been the one reviewing a lot of the details for us. So it's definitely like, you know, his company is the one that's investing in the building. Which is pretty cool. I think if he keeps you know, my hope is that if this is successful plan delivery of the building, and then it's also a successful enterprise for him in renting it out that, you know, he may return to us for more units like this in the future. Would you be really agree? Yeah, great customer connection there. So I'm anticipating signed paperwork by either end of day to day once I send him the final stuff, or if he has any changes to be made, maybe tomorrow, if I need to go back and tweak anything in the in the documentation.

Speaker 1  04:25
So one question that I did have, was there any conversations surrounding with this being unfinished building and being dwelling was really conversations surrounding him like wanting if he is have interest in moving forward with permitting doing that or if he's going to buy that or?

Speaker 2  04:45
Yeah, I don't know. He didn't talk about it with me. So I'm assuming he's already done his due diligence on what he needs in the area. Just kind of going off that assumption that that's on his plate to ensure his permitting is done Correct. CLAY he hasn't asked for I think the only thing we sent over to him was a engineer drawings of the floor plan and the walls for the cottage. So you think that fulfilled what he needed, as far as permitting goes in his county where this is going? Okay, good. Yeah, I'll keep you posted. I know, this is a big, big ticket item. So I'll keep you posted. Michael?

Speaker 1  05:29
Mm hmm. Good. Yeah. I mean, it seems like maybe tossing it in there, at some point that, you know, we have some drawings and stuff we can provide to you, or did provide to you, if you decide to go pull a permit or something with the county. Just make sure he sort of, we toss it into his lap to where we don't write responsibility for that. Because if he does want to pull permits, we just want to make sure that he's doing the paneling, the paneling on the inside, gets covered with, you know, the county and are good with that. So we don't get it out there. And then we have oh, the county shop and say, you know,

Speaker 2  06:12
what would the paneling, how do we do we make any modifications. Traditionally, if we know the county's coming out for any type of inspection on paneling, or

Speaker 1  06:22
just a little inside information, typically, yeah. Actually, Tory had one yesterday was talking about this as well. But so just sort of knowledge. Usually, if people say we're going to live in this thing, and then most most of it is up to the counties, they do have jurisdiction over making the final decision for their county, but usually they wanted on a on a solid foundation. And usually they want it to be placed. And then they want to have the ability to inspect everything on the inside of the walls, that would be electrical, plumbing, and insulation, usually. Now, there may be some exceptions. They're rare exceptions. But typically, a lot of times the customer goes two routes. One is they say, you know, nope, I'm not pulling the permit and not worrying about that putting a bed behind my grandma's house, and I'm going to just pick it up to my grandma's power, and we'll be done with it. And a lot of people go that route. Well, again, we recommend you to get a permit, because that's what you need, you really should be doing for the county, but we don't confirm you do it. That's why we sort of winter lap. And it's totally your call where you handle that. So that if and after fact, satellite images, pick it up, county shows up knocks on their door, and then they have they can deal with their county. Yeah. So that sort of trying to just make sure we clear our bases there. So we don't like become liable for that, if that's the issue. Now, usually, they do pull permits, usually. And then they say, Well, we got to see everything inside, you got to put it on full foundation, then we recommend people to support concrete pad, and we'll slide like, we'll bring it as a prebuilt unit, the runners will be on there, but we'll just slide it right on top of the concrete pad where the runners sit on the concrete where it's solid foundation, and that takes care of that. And then if we don't put usually in for the county, and then on the inside, if we don't install the paneling that oftentimes will alleviate that issue where they can still see inspect everything as an after fact, and and we recommend them for hiring a local contractor to do like drywall or interior, the last paneling on the inside as an after pack. Once everything is hooked up spec just final. The issue that sometimes arises if this is just head knowledge, again, that if people don't pull permits, as long as they're just hooking it up to their grandma's power source, you know, just doing it themselves, it usually works pretty well. Quick, as soon as you try to get a new, a new source hooked up to like power source that the energy company has to come out and then they say where's your permit? Where's the signed off from your inspector. And that or 99% of the time will drag in will drag them right back into their county and then it becomes an issue. Okay, so just an FYI there how that some of those things typically run. So when people say, Oh, I'm going to live in it. That's usually when I start thinking about these different things, trying to make sure that we cover our bases so we don't drag ourselves into something or the customer that you

Speaker 2  09:43
Yeah, that's great. Michael, thank you for that advice. Have an Aston as straightforward as you presented it now. So when I'm in conversation with him today, I will kind of open that can of worms and see where his intentions lie or just me sure that he knows we have certain modifications we can do to alleviate some of that stress

Unknown Speaker  10:06
of getting a clear permit. I'll let you know if he has any feedback from that.

Speaker 1  10:16
Good. Obviously, these are ticket items are usually more unique and stuff and they're just a little bit more, you know, takes a little bit more expertise sometimes to navigate these little things and little eight bit 12, you know, one door, you know, out the door. Much, you know, bigger fish when we do land them. So

Speaker 2  10:40
that's funny. It's funny, I had a conversation last night, actually with the fellow that needs an eight by 12. And he he was a text message conversation, and he's gonna apply through green sky for it. But it was just so funny to me the drastic contrast on how fast you know, a simple smaller building can be sold, versus the complexity of a larger building. And you know, the the nuances of the electrical components and just all the dimensions, it just kind of made me laugh, like, you know that. What do they say different strokes for different folks. So it was a good experience to have both items on the table at the same time. I am on a lot of calls today. Tori, I wanted to let you know, I decided to sort my two dues by quoted and qualified today. And just make a lot of phone calls in, you know, hey, do you want to close on this deal and get this the 10% off? I was there 10.5. I was thinking about doing that Monday, but then I thought I think I'm going to run out of time. Because if somebody says yes, and we got to tweak a few things, I think I'll run out of time. So I was gonna kind of start like a blitz phone call today. I just wanted to let you know that I don't know if you're finding folks receptive to that over the phone. But um, it just kind of was weighing on me that I needed to be more proactive on just calling pre qualified leads to remind them that deadline was coming.

Speaker 3  12:11
Right? Right. That approach set them know that they need to close hurry up and close. And that's a Michael Jody Kelly, the guy that visited Hampton Ville, he wanted to change his building to driftwood instead of designer siding, because he just bought a home and he realized that he could say like $2,000 By switching sidings, he was a little worried about the price. So that's when I mentioned Hey, we can go into cheaper siding and you know, save you some money. So he ended up wanting to do that. And actually just missed this call. But I believe that was him calling to make a down payment. And he wanted to pay by credit cards 25% down. And I had a question about how he should pay upon delivery. He was thinking about a check. But I didn't know if he wanted to give a check to our hauler in the case that, you know,

Speaker 1  13:09
that happens all the time. We've done that for years and years, and that's fine. Okay. Okay, cool. We have trusted the trust. Okay, sounds good car haulers. That's perfectly fine. So awesome. Excited. That's really good. And if this proves to actually close, maybe we learn from it. And we continue to drive some try to drive some more people to physical locations. If that makes the conversion rate go way up. I think it's definitely worth their time we're learn from it. Maybe we try. Try that for a week or two once and see if it does, if he actually does close or exciting. Yeah, seems like the trust thing, it comes back to that trust thing. And if we can, if we can figure out what the best closerie comes from, or what brings the trust weight, grade up the quickest or the best to get that close rate of it. And if the people are willing to drive on this, there'll be some of them will some won't. But if they're willing to drive we're using they're driving on their time. They're not burning up our time to drive up here and and if that makes a difference, let's do it.

Speaker 3  14:21
Yeah, I think it did make a difference also that he got to talk to you and gave I don't know what the conversation was the extent of it, but I think that did drive up the trust factor.

Speaker 1  14:32
Awesome. What, what did ask the question this morning, as we go through this last week, full week before the promotional ends trying to help in any way I might be able to what what are there any obstacles out there that you know of when these qualified leads getting close to that threshold? That it could be of any help on or or are there non? Or is there some special situations we should talk about? Or is there any way I can help on these people in their threshold?

Speaker 2  15:12
I might just kind of fold that question and maybe provide some of that feedback tomorrow morning on Thursday, Michael, because I'm really going to be pushing on the qualified lead phone calls today. Nothing's coming to mind as like a major barrier to entry aside from our usual culprits, you know, somebody that's just flat out not able to make a purchase because they can't afford it. Or they're waiting on their spouse to make a decision or they're waiting on their HOA. Otherwise, I can't really think of anything else. It's like jumping out at me is a major hurdle for anybody, I am expecting a few of these leads to close here by the end of the week. But if they raise a concern out of the ordinary, what do you think Tory, anything kind of sticking out to you? I'm a little surprised, I thought we would have more of an adaption to the 10% off. But Michael, as you observed earlier, in the month, we were closing deals without the 10% off. And just kind of I was kind of keeping the 10% off as a back pocket offer. To be honest, if I felt like they were hesitant, I was gonna then throw that card out there with them. But those early sales earlier in the month closed without it. What was your thoughts?

Speaker 3  16:38
Well, I would just say that, just in my, what I'm seeing on my end, I have a few people on the line that are waiting on like permitting, and HOA. And then I had actually lost three deals due to a customer not having like a wide enough clearance because they don't want to knock down their gate. And they also didn't want to do a build on site. Yeah. So that and then average up

Speaker 1  17:05
there talked about the new thing that we need to come out with for these issues, these issues where we can't get in the world, technology is changing. So incredibly fast these days is grows like multiplies itself, like, you know, every week or whatever. And maybe we could transfer that more into sheds, haven't figured it out yet. Sounds like a pretty long shot. But I have this vision, crazy vision. And this is more of a joke than real reality. But having this little thing where you design a shed in assists. And it gets put into a little capsule, like a pill capsule, and you put it in the back of the hatch back car, and you drive to location and you plant it. And then you water it like you would a plant. And then in the next week it grows. And you have your shed in your backyard. Wouldn't that be nice? That's funny.

Unknown Speaker  18:04
We stare I don't

Unknown Speaker  18:08
I think we'll let technology like quantum eyes itself for a while yet before we get there. But maybe someday.

Speaker 3  18:18
Michael, I did have a customer say that. They mentioned another company said that they can lift the shed over their fence. I don't know how true that was. But is there some type of is there some type of thing that does that, that you know

Speaker 1  18:34
of? So obviously a crane could be brought in. And if there's a place where it can be stationed to grab the shed and then swing it over the top of the fence? Absolutely. Of course that costs money to quite a bit of money for bringing in a crane, you really the other thing that can be done is if the gate is nine feet wide. And then there are options to drive through with that with that building pushed all the way to the front end of your trailer and then lifting it way up in the sky. And you can get a lot of clearance out of that. But you can't get through there if the gate is not nine feet wide and then the trailer and won't fit through and then that becomes the bottleneck. So the gates you were talking about, were they more than eight feet wide or no?

Speaker 3  19:27
Um, I believe there were, it was eight feet. One of them was eight feet. The other one I think was six and then the other one was seven I believe. I need to go back but I know the previous one was eight feet a conversation I had yesterday.

Speaker 1  19:51
Usually what we recommend people if it's if it is you know, the gate is too small or there's any cute term where we can't do that. You And then if we have two options to do build on site, which is more expensive route or having a fencing company, professional, literally just pull one post is usually all it takes in the fence. Yeah. And getting the shed in dropping and then having the Fence Company put it back in usually is not too awfully expensive. If you have a competent person that knows how to disassemble and carefully bullet bows, and then re install usually works pretty well. Now there's probably a set of people out there that just, you know, they just don't change and don't want to do that. So the key

Speaker 3  20:40
Gotcha. So I just went back and found email this guy, he said his access gate is 10 feet wide, in a shed is 12 by 12.

Speaker 1  20:52
We could in that scenario, we could absolutely as long as there's a straight shot going through that fence, we could push that building up to the front end of that trailer and till that way up in the sky and just back that trailer right through the fence and then let it back down. It would work. How tall is the fence? Do you know?

Speaker 3  21:11
I can ask that question. I know that he did say there's a garage on one side and a very large pine tree on the other.

Speaker 1  21:20
If you could have a good picture of a couple different angles of it, I could I could quickly tell if it would work. Okay, as far as clearing it, we could Yes, I know that. As long as the fence is not, you know. Too high. Yeah. And but then as far as obstructions that would be that would be the other thing we'd need to address and I could tell him

Unknown Speaker  21:47
awesome. I'll get that picture from him this morning.

Unknown Speaker  21:53
Is he is he local? Where's he at?

Unknown Speaker  21:56
He is in America his quote. Oh, he's in South Carolina Elgin, South Carolina. Which is I think about 130 miles out.

Speaker 1  22:09
Just save he's really close by we just do a site check. But if he's that far, absolutely. Couple good pictures should probably get us. Okay. I will request that.

Speaker 3  22:31
Marisa, did you want to meet at 10? My time or your time? I wouldn't share from the calendar invite. Did I mess up? When did I put it toward my mama? Mostly? Okay. I may have shown up for it.

Speaker 2  22:48
Yeah, if you don't mind 10. And my time, I guess that'd be right after this call. Okay, that'll work. We could just jump on that link and go through the wiki articles and start to highlight the ones we want to consolidate and things we need to put more information in. Right. Okay. Sounds good. Awesome. Awesome. Sounds good. Good. Anything else? Are we No, sir, I don't think nothing off the top of my mind. Definitely. We'll have some feedback for you tomorrow and any objections? So really pushing that deal today? Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:35
All right. Well, good to hear. Sounds like we got a lot of good leads that are coming right along and getting close to the thresholds like fancy with the day hold.

Unknown Speaker  23:46
Indeed, it sounds good. Thanks for everybody for joining.

Unknown Speaker  23:50
Thank you have a great day. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai