Matthias Miller  00:36
Does that say Pizza Hut behind you? Where in the world are you? I mean, it's Colorado Springs airport. Where are you flying?

Unknown Speaker  00:50
Louisiana?

Unknown Speaker  00:51
Louisiana which do in Louisiana

Matthias Miller  00:56
business business meeting business event you're

Speaker 1  01:02
not seeing Pizza Hut just I don't know why that was like this is not normal for Matthias

Matthias Miller  01:08
we're we're upscaling aren't we

Speaker 1  01:10
are upscaling from the content from from bougie coffee shops to pizza

Speaker 1  01:20
you wait a second. Wait a second. So nice. So you're in the airport at seven o'clock this morning? Yeah, yeah, you've been you've been making early moves.

Matthias Miller  01:30
Dude, left the house at 530. Like, I was literally the line. I was literally the line of security. So yeah,

Speaker 1  01:39
that's not bad. Alright, first question. I'm gonna, I'm gonna rattle the archives of your memory and see if we can remember if we did something or not. Do you recall a conversation about the ability to send weak to wiki documents in the same automated send?

Unknown Speaker  02:05
vaguely familiar, but

Speaker 1  02:07
I know like, I was asked about this this morning. I'm like, Well, wasn't that like pre pandemic sometime?

Unknown Speaker  02:18
Back when dinosaurs roamed the earth.

Speaker 1  02:20
So So here's, I know that you and I talked about this. And I don't remember if we were able to or not. And I don't remember if we were able to, was it type listed? A wiki document IDs or was it like I don't remember? And then I thought it was like pipe listed ideas and then oh actually didn't work. So I'm hoping to scratch the annals of your mind and see what we come up with.

Matthias Miller  02:52
Does this need to be a standard component? What what do you want this thing? Well actually, let's do this. Let's do a component search. Search.

Speaker 1  03:02
I don't know. So it would have it would have to do I know that we made the capability to automate out of the phone menu system automation to send wiki documents like we've been using that for a long time and then we talked about doing two wiki documents in the same send like two separate documents. I don't remember if we ever fixed it solved it or actually I don't know if it's I don't know if it's a standard component or not probably

Unknown Speaker  03:48
well, I mean where do you want it to live?

Unknown Speaker  03:56
Don't understand the question?

Matthias Miller  03:58
If I build a report to do it where do you want the report to live?

Unknown Speaker  04:04
Oh you mean to find out whether we can or not

Matthias Miller  04:06
cared for phone menu that would be about right. Multiple Wiki pages ask prompts, the wiki IDs This is a multi selection list and the list name is wiki page these are with the

Unknown Speaker  04:29
pages

Unknown Speaker  04:37
gonna make that required. And

Speaker 1  04:42
oh wait, are you just wait are you going to wait, are you saying you're gonna build a report that we can call and and automated and it will pull the exports for

Unknown Speaker  04:55
you got is that we wait

Unknown Speaker  05:00
Okay, that's one way to solve this

Unknown Speaker  05:13
should we do this? Look?

Unknown Speaker  05:16
Are you 100%? Sure, we don't already have the capability.

Unknown Speaker  05:19
I don't see it anywhere

Speaker 1  05:52
so there is a standard document export Wiki page.rs 20 that we currently use.

Unknown Speaker  06:00
Right? That's just one gotcha.

Speaker 1  06:08
I mean, if you make if you make it capable of doing if you make one mean we can it can. Yes. Standard font. Yeah, yeah. What you said

Unknown Speaker  06:24
so, Wait, so you're just going to use like an in range or in,

Speaker 2  06:28
right. Is that right there? That one, either. Fantastic. So

Speaker 1  06:38
automate, put that thing. Well, the way this field is required, yeah, there's already stuff in there. Why is it? Oh, uh, Oh, gotcha. Gotcha. Gotcha. Gotcha. So you just, you just listed them all in there. Yeah. And then you just highlight the ones you want to, but Okay, so when you do the Ask prompt for that, you're just specifying your number in there in the Ask prompt, right? Is that correct? So if I want to do multiples in the Ask prompt, would it be pipe listed?

Unknown Speaker  07:13
It would be like this.

Speaker 1  07:30
Oh, yeah. Hot diggity dog. That was easy. Merry Christmas. All right, let's, uh, let me knock out uh, let me let me know, I've had a couple of questions before we dive into this other thing. So this is Marissa and Tory, have been asking for some things from the logistics department that I'm wondering if we ought to build something for them to get it. In its they've been asking for information based off of delivered buildings, like pictures from the hauler, etc. Do you see value? Do you see value in in? Well, first off, what are they using it for? Is their value and building some kind of thing for them to get it themselves? Has this been a common? Have you had a conversation about this?

Matthias Miller  08:28
Not specifically, I'm guessing it's just the touch point of following up and making sure i's are dotted and T's are crossed. So what I would just give them access, if they want images, I would just give them access to images unless there's a compelling reason not to,

Speaker 1  08:48
okay, technically, they already have access to the images. You would just be teaching them how to get to them. Right? But do we want to if we're if the long term is to, to, to combine all of our restricted access profiles and actually, you know, make it so that people can't mess up a building record, then we probably ought long term we want to build something that they can get access to those images without having to go explore through the whole entire building record to do so. Right. I don't know what's your thoughts on this?

Speaker 1  09:33
Well, this is just to be clear, this is not a conversation about go build something this is this is a hypothetical comp we're not hypothetical theoretical conversation at this point.

Matthias Miller  09:45
It's theoretical I think you Yeah, I don't know about God, I mean, a little bit in the dark and what else is going to be entailed by converging but actually Why wouldn't we just include those images in the building update emails?

Unknown Speaker  10:09
The only thing? Emails,

Matthias Miller  10:11
I'm sending them building update, anytime scheduling changes built, built a scheduling RG anything like that changes.

Speaker 1  10:18
Okay. Well, that's the other question I really wanted to ask you about as well, how does what is that? And what what is that? And what's it saying? And because that's a, that's a potential minefield for for confusion, because of the way that logistics actually like they start scheduling something, Lindsay and put stuff on a Sunday, it's in order to group buildings up so she can start mapping them. If you're sending out changes on that every single time. That's gonna get awfully confusing.

Matthias Miller  10:48
I think it just says tentatively scheduled. Until it's confirmed, I'm not sure exactly.

Speaker 1  10:58
Like, if you said, if we said, trigger information into there based on when it's confirmed, then I could refine that process with Lindsey, like, don't confirm anything until you're 100% Sure, this is the date that you're going to actually be using. And then you can start fielding it and showing it and, and notifying people prior to that I get really nervous about you know, the confusion of a dealer going, Oh, well, they started scheduling this thing. And it's like on a Sunday, because she's trying to group she's trying to group stuff up to try to figure out mapping for you know, the next week

Unknown Speaker  11:36
building updates and we take a look at a few

Unknown Speaker  11:41
Where is where is this thing living?

Matthias Miller  11:44
Somewhere in the online sales team thing? Completed delivery, confirm tentative delivery, it just says tentative delivery for date. And I don't

Matthias Miller  12:03
Is there any indication on there that says whether it's actually like this is literally the date and thinking versus?

Speaker 1  12:20
Well, okay, up until now, nobody's had access into this information. So it's, you know, logistics, if we have to, if we have to be considerate of the fact that we're going to start notifying people of that kind of information, then we probably want to have some kind of like, logistics needs to know that. And we need to have a fairly structured process so that we're not communicating information that's just terribly misleading. And ideally, ideally, it would probably be something like delivery date hauler assigned and scheduled. Yes, scheduled date hauler, assigned and confirmed. Now, I mean, there's also going to be statuses that come in there as to Yeah, I mean, I don't know. It's not been that structured up until now. So I mean, it kind of feels like we ought to force it into a structured process so that we communicate good information

Unknown Speaker  13:17
right. What's this thing called?

Unknown Speaker  13:50
Management Gotcha.

Matthias Miller  14:11
We good. Thanks excluded from both confirm. What? We could just not include it and until it's confirm,

Speaker 1  14:23
well, let me do this. Let me talk about this with Lindsey. And, and

Speaker 1  14:32
mean, I'm gonna have to do this in collaboration with hertz so that we, you know, so that you can build something that's actually going to communicate what's actually happening. So let me get back to you on this. Yeah. And

Matthias Miller  14:44
I mean, I think as it stands now, I think there is an understanding that this is literally a tentative date, and this is not a anywhere close to a commitment. But and I guess we opened up that's going to be harder to enforce

Speaker 1  15:01
I mean, I get that what I like, ideally. So stuff like this is really, really like this is gonna want to get pushed into a wider audience eventually. And so it's like, let's make sure we're getting like, it's fine for two people. But when that becomes four, and five, and six and 789 10 and 12 people, then it's like, well, let's make sure we're doing good extra communication. All right, let me I'll talk with that about her. I'll talk with that with Lindsay about that. And, and I think what probably needs to happen is build a structured outline of how, like, what the expectation is of when we actually consider it to be scheduled. Even if that's, you know, a tentative date, maybe we even build, you know, a process that says, you know, here's my tentative process when these indications are set. And then then you can start fielding for that. And it'll just make your your reporting process better.

Speaker 1  16:08
The other thing? Did you build anything for upcoming buildings being built?

Matthias Miller  16:16
No, because Michael wanted to build the well. Okay, Michael, and Calvin weren't sure if we could actually get any kind of accurate information on that.

Speaker 1  16:32
So I have, I have a thing built that's currently sitting on brick and mortar dealers, that basically just is a report on their front page that fields their buildings coming up within, like in the next, their buildings coming up, they turn colors based on timeframe. But here, here's where here's the largest size conversation that I think I really want to start heading towards. And that is that, particularly in wintertime, there tends to be a lot of customer delays happen inside of logistics. And if we were actually communicating with customers, like if, hypothetically, 10 days out from that building being built, if the customer or the dealer said, Oh, my buildings 10 days out, let me just call this customer see if they're ready, see, see where they're at? Have they have? Do they have their permits? Do? Is there you know, are they prepared for us to come into their yard? And then if the customer says, yeah, actually, no, I'm not gonna be ready for that for another two weeks, changing that deadline date, so that so that it gets pushed out. Now, I know, builders are going to get a little bit squirrely on this idea. I've already had a conversation with Shannon, and he's going to talk with Mike about this. So it's an ongoing conversation. But where I'd really like to get to, is we are actually having car dealers are actually having conversations with before buildings are actually being built. Particularly, I mean, winter time is the really critical time, but anytime of the year and saying, Hey, are you ready for us to build this building? Because otherwise, you know, we're going to stall back and say, you know, try to build more in the timeframe of what you're you expect to deliver? Right? So, okay.

Unknown Speaker  18:08
I'll keep you up to date on that one, as well

Matthias Miller  18:10
do that, it would be really nice if there'd be a way they can pull the builder diagram and say, I'm actually ready to build.

Matthias Miller  18:24
Not snooping around trying to

Speaker 1  18:27
Are you suggesting that we would actually feel some indication on the builder diagram?

Unknown Speaker  18:34
I'm not sure. I'm not sure exactly what

Speaker 1  18:37
because I kind of almost like this idea. Maybe it's not on the builder diagram, maybe it's on the BPR maybe it's like, I feel like I feel like we need the ability to start refining the build conversation based around when customers actually want them I think is something we really should be pursuing. And I don't know is that you and I put our heads together with with a couple of the builders and start designing for a concept like this because, I mean, this could be the the ability to expose this kind of information, I feel like takes very little development, but I think we need to come up with a business process for this. It's gonna take a little bit of a development to handle it, but it's probably a very low time and cost to fix. But a huge payoff when it comes to building buildings that are going to sit around Dude, I got buildings that have been sitting 90 days on lots because the customer isn't ready. Here, let me hang on. Let me show you. I built I built a thing.

Unknown Speaker  19:37
Here let me give you sharings

Unknown Speaker  19:39
No, no, I'm just gonna I'm gonna drop the link to you

Matthias Miller  19:49
because every shed company this going to be

Unknown Speaker  19:53
what do you mean? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  19:55
I mean, where does every ship company. Deal with this? Those types of things inventory sitting for 90 days?

Speaker 1  20:05
I think so I think so. I mean, this is, well, okay, in fairness, here you go. In fairness, they never had to have these conversations before because sheds direct was having these conversations and sheds, direct sheds direct fluctuates that BPR all the stinking time. And I've always said, Why in the world? Are they reshuffling the BPR all the time? Well, now I know why. Because customers not ready. And builders absolutely hate the fire out of it. Because, well, we had our week planned next week, and now they shuffled the BPR. Again, not not my weeks all screwed up. Well, okay, got it. But

Matthias Miller  20:44
you're gonna have like a seven day lockdown if you want to.

Speaker 1  20:48
Yeah, but I mean, do you really want to build a building and have it sit on your lap for the next 90 days? Like, why don't you?

Matthias Miller  20:55
Know, no, go ahead. If they're literally concerned about planning out the next week, you just say, tell the customer? Are you ready to have it? We're getting ready to build it. You know, 42 weeks out? You say? Are you ready to build it?

Speaker 1  21:06
Precisely. That's my that's that's where this conversation comes from. You

Matthias Miller  21:10
can't cancel it within seven days of build or something.

Speaker 1  21:14
Yeah, but I mean, I mean, what you tell the customer, you can't cancel. Well, sorry. You can't come my yard. It's important on rain for two weeks, you know? Well, fair enough. So I mean, that's

Matthias Miller  21:25
better. What kind of parents do you think they are?

Speaker 1  21:30
Do you get that? Yeah. So look at North Carolina, you're gonna love my one grouping.

Matthias Miller  21:41
The words? Back From July?

Speaker 1  21:46
Yeah, I have buildings that have been ordered and slowly, like there's the Hannah's kitchen and the Millers restaurant one of these? Or is it one of these customers is actually literally using this like a payment plan? Because they keep paying little small payments every single month. And it's been just like, Okay, it's Jeff Davenport. He's literally paying $500 a month.

Unknown Speaker  22:11
Well, that's I mean, that's respectable. Well, buildings. But

Speaker 1  22:17
yeah, but here's the thing, you know, kind of really ought to get some interest for that.

Matthias Miller  22:22
That's true. That's actually true. Let me tell you how to get interest free financing.

Speaker 1  22:26
Yeah, let me tell you tell the builders that they want a building, and then oops, sorry, not ready for it. Just pay them, you know, $500 a month? Yeah, that's exactly how you do that. So anyway, all right. We don't I don't think we need to chase this thing much, much further. What I really think that one of the conversations I really want to do is actually push this conversation and say, I think we can do better. I think we can have our dealers communicate with our customers, and actually minimize the building of buildings that are not ready to be delivered. It'll make logistics more efficient. It'll make the sales process more efficient. Plus, he just looks smarter when you start having these conversations. And you free up cash, and you free up cash. Ain't that the truth? All right. So that's, that's the Alright, so I'm going to talk to

Unknown Speaker  23:30
talk more about all right down to the Commission thing. So you said this thing's way more difficult than well.

Matthias Miller  23:40
Okay, first of all two problems. One I noticed this morning

Speaker 2  23:49
you might have to give me a second. There's all kinds of people moving in here. Problem number one is

Matthias Miller  24:07
is that? Well, one of the problems is what I'm not sure if I'm completely familiar with the waiting. The Waiting is set up waiting for the goals and

Speaker 1  24:25
the goals and actual things. It's not even part of the conversation.

Matthias Miller  24:29
Oh, it's not making those columns.

Speaker 1  24:32
So okay, so here's, here's the deal. What they want to do is, this is essentially building a fancy commission sheet for their district manager. So Wayne Wayne gets paid 1% of every Indiana district X sale. The problem is I want to account for cancellations. So here comes a bunch of sales. One way back here somewhere got canceled. I want to be able to feel that out of the next month or the next reporting month Does that make sense?

Matthias Miller  25:04
Well so far then that means I'm almost I've almost got it the only weird thing is let me give this district Indiana region we that's what you want to live for. You're showing an obscene number of cancellations which probably isn't right.

Unknown Speaker  25:20
Well not necessarily report

Matthias Miller  25:22
cancelled I mean it totals out to zero so that's probably not completely right.

Speaker 1  25:26
Okay, now you did under Well, yeah, we talked about this hole and Josh never got back to me I need to chase him down on this this whole cancellation thing. I did figure out that here's the issue. If you have a sales order and a building still combined together, and both the building and the sales order are cancelled. For some reason the system says Cancel Cancel, cancel, cancel cancel it's just going to keep canceling into infinity if you disconnect the building it stops so kind of

Matthias Miller  25:58
why why is have they literally had more buildings canceled in December than they did stick

Speaker 1  26:14
okay refund taken care of by waiting a customer didn't like the building reverting to lot building that's Jesse Sure. Malmo. Hang on a second. Oh, the you got this thing model which makes it lovely and slow. That's right. I just needed to keep it

Unknown Speaker  26:35
open. Fix the cancel that. Fix me. Now I'm seeing

Speaker 1  26:46
so you're actually accounting for this. Gotcha. Okay, I see. I see why you're saying oh, wait

Matthias Miller  26:56
wait a second. Is that North Carolina?

Speaker 1  27:01
Okay, truepoint fortwayne. MEC center Fort Wayne. Okay, canceled Okay, so you're fielding both of those. Both the sale and the cancellation it down on Eighth canceled orders for December.

Matthias Miller  27:20
I'm confused. This is showing 2.0 Let that is Plymouth and Laporte. Nevermind. So I'm showing one sale and two cancellations in December. Okay, is that what I should be seeing?

Speaker 1  27:31
That's a good question. Let's go find out sales and then in North Carolina I'm seeing what you shouldn't with this is wow. Okay, North Carolina's not asking Wait

Matthias Miller  27:41
a second okay. Whoa wait a second. My grouping is wrong

Speaker 1  27:49
Indiana 2022 Let's look at December so December would be what week 53

Matthias Miller  28:03
years ago this I screwed up my report.

Speaker 1  28:07
Yeah, Indiana only had one sale in December

Unknown Speaker  28:14
That's painful.

Speaker 1  28:15
Wow. Okay, so that's not abnormal. You get you get Christmas time and winter comes in and Okay, so this is looking better how we got a couple more

Matthias Miller  28:31
there when you should group show grants don't you want grand totals on this as well? Okay, hold on a second.

Speaker 1  28:38
Okay, so what it what am I what am I wait December December December Laporte, Plymouth and Fort Wayne. Oh, because you had your cancellations up there which would not feel right. Okay. Sure about okay, I got what you're doing now. Okay, so the grand total

Speaker 2  28:55
what is the grand total negative 29?

Unknown Speaker  29:07
What am I missing?

Speaker 1  29:12
So it's 29,000 minus 17,000. Right?

Unknown Speaker  29:15
It's not showing that yeah, it's not showing the actual grand Oh, it's not showing grand totals at all. Let's try that. I'm gonna

Speaker 1  29:36
11,002 66 For toe. So that would be Yeah. 112 67 Okay. All right.

Unknown Speaker  29:48
Happy?

Unknown Speaker  29:50
I think so. I mean, yes, I'm happy but I mean,

Speaker 2  30:00
Funny, I didn't know this is my hair, you were my therapist role.

Unknown Speaker  30:06
Where are you? Where are you calculating date?

Unknown Speaker  30:11
Look, sale date,

Speaker 1  30:12
look sale date in the model. You're gonna do a screen share. So, okay, so what I'm saying is I can't backdate this thing to go back and evaluate to go back. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  30:30
well, I mean, do you want to you can, I mean I can.

Speaker 1  30:38
Now, that would be the only thing because I'm about short, like just I want to go backwards and forwards to evaluate this thing. And make sure because I want to probably send them a couple to make sure that it's calculating the way they think it's supposed to be calculating, making sure that that what we're seeing and what they're thinking should be seen as there. And then yeah, this is this is cooking with gas.

Matthias Miller  30:59
Well, as long as it's not cooking, you're not exploding all right. This is day eight. Let's just do a month plus one minus one. We should have started month end of month macro every day.

Unknown Speaker  31:33
Okay, can you think of me talk at the same time?

Matthias Miller  31:36
I'm almost done actually. Give me one moment that really I'm skilled and gifted and many things, but that's not one of them. All right. There you go. Go for it. Skilled and.

Speaker 1  32:03
Prior, perfect, perfect, perfect. And it's defaulted for the correct timeframes. Yes. Perfect. All right, cool, I'm gonna mess I'm gonna, I'm gonna start implementing this thing. And, man, you're gonna make you're gonna make some people happy as you as normally when I bring these kinds of things to you, you do.

Unknown Speaker  32:25
It's, that's what I'm here for. The happy guy

Unknown Speaker  32:34
I'm gonna switch over to my phone so that I can keep talking and get where I need to be.

Unknown Speaker  32:44
Bridging keep jabbering.

Speaker 1  32:46
So, okay, just just as a, just as a thank you very much. Yesterday was extremely helpful. Like, I feel like I feel like a bunch of light bulbs went on and understanding a ton of things. I don't know if I can exactly implement them yet. But like, understand, okay. It's embarrassing when you look at the at the documentation on a macro and go, what's the K? I don't get it? What's the key seriously?

Speaker 2  33:23
Well, really, it really shouldn't be on

Matthias Miller  33:32
it really shouldn't be on on you to figure those things out. That's kind of the kind of thing that documentation supposed to be used. I mean, isn't the point of documentation that you actually understand it?

Speaker 1  33:45
Well, so, so many times I like, okay, there's so many times I have looked up looked at a macro and been able to deduce from it, you know, okay, so that's exactly what I want to do and then be able to implement it, but especially on like, the index stuff. I was the indexing side of things was like light bulb yesterday, this is an end and understanding, like lookup functions. I don't know. I have to I probably need to go back and rewatch it and, and watch it again a couple times. But yeah, light bulb. And yeah, no, I just had to figure out how to implement.

Matthias Miller  34:28
Well, certainly understanding being able to understand what indexes are, what they do, how they work, at least getting some conceptual grid for that hopefully was somewhat helpful. But it was also an extremely painful reminder for me that of all the things I'm good at training is about two out of 10 gift mix.

Speaker 1  34:56
Yeah, but I mean, somebody's got to do this stuff because like you I mean, I know it's there's always there's always this tension, you know, internally, I can understand the training for it having a client, you know, wanting to have some of this knowledge, there's probably some tension on but I mean, the ability just to be at the level I'm at on being able to create reports right now, I'll be it. Sometimes they're probably a little redneck, it is super helpful. I mean, to go off and create something in order to answer questions for people. And I very quickly felt like way out of my depth and league yesterday, when I when when you started explaining database structures, I'm like, there's some process, it feels it felt to me at times. Like, there's some understood things here that I definitely do not understand. Are there

Matthias Miller  35:52
other specifics to that?

Speaker 1  35:53
No, I mean, it. Okay. I asked the question, but it's basically the the big question, is the theory behind database structure? Why why are things structured the way they are? Why do they work the way they are, if you if I can wrap my head around that a lot of what you said at the beginning of yesterday, would start to make a whole lot more sense rather than being you know, unconnected information that I got trying to hang on something. Right. Like, for example, like, for example, like, okay, lists and indexes and how they communicate with with actual records and detail screens. It's like, I'm sure there's theory behind why some of this is rather than the record being a standalone item and piece. I mean, I I mean, conceptually, I started to grasp it further than we had along but I mean, I, I have next to nothing under next to zero understanding of why database structures work the way they are, and I'm assuming a lot of that centers around efficiency.

Matthias Miller  36:54
Yes, it does. And a lot of this stuff. I mean, you know, most, most database platforms won't be as transparent about this about things like indexes, for example, MySQL, you will you will tell it, or other SQL databases, you will say you want an index on these columns, and it goes in automatically find the index. And then if something is slow, you have to figure out why it's not hitting the index. And instead, this stuff is extremely visible. And you have to explicitly use the index, referencing index to use it.

Matthias Miller  37:38
Cool. Yep. Good. Awesome.

Unknown Speaker  37:43
Awesome. Thank you, sir.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai