Matthias Miller  02:58
Hey Matt Hey Here we are. Sorry about that. No worries.

Speaker 1  03:04
I think I need to fix that in the invitation thing that I have set up. So I think I still have that back before the whole COVID thing and everybody was given to him all the time they had the they made you change your password. Okay, that was one that was an old one. And they won't accept it.

Matthias Miller  03:29
Yep. Not that, you know, from the technical standpoint, like how is tacking on a password onto the URL any more secure than, you know, besides the fact that you can't statistically crack it But anyway, be that as it may,

Speaker 1  03:44
yeah, I don't get it. I need to go and clear out that invitation link to my other stuff. So it doesn't happen anymore. Try to do that after this call. But anyway, how are you? I'm doing well. Yeah, how you doing? Oh, Pretty good. Yeah. Good weekend. A long one coming up this weekend. So yeah.

Unknown Speaker  04:09
Relaxing, beautiful day here in Illinois.

Matthias Miller  04:14
Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Yeah, we're doing cooler weather here as well. So it's about time.

Unknown Speaker  04:24
So write some stuff.

Matthias Miller  04:27
Like, well, let me let me throw out what I'm processing and tell me where to go. I was going to spend more time setting up the Swiss Army knife tool. And, and so here's my, there are a couple of things. One is I need to raise the price on our initial offer for the design phase of software development. And I was experiencing some resistance to doing that until I realized that look, I've had to count a few conversations recently. We're These guys go off and they talk to a to a slick sales guy and they talk him into a five figure system and then they get they get it set up which is like setting up any kind of MRP or anything even remotely close to that scale is like nails on a chalkboard difficult and then they get get there and they get to the end of they're like ah oh yeah, there's this other module that we need that's going to be another you know, five figure investment in order to get what we really want which made me think that on the front end that are what we what we've previously thought of as the lets go design the software for you really could be a I'm thinking a mid to high four figure investment of let's go figure out what exactly it is that you're that you need. And you are looking for it before you go out and buy it. And, and yeah, if you want us to build out this system, here's what it's here's what it's going to be I don't know whether that's good positioning or bad positioning, but at least helps me understand value. So that's that's option one of what I'm thinking about option two of what I'm thinking about is, it's becoming increasingly clear that what I want to do in this space is I want to work with people who create experiences, which is kind of what this whole custom thing is all about. It's clear that we are a proposition simplifier not a cost amplifier, price amplifier. So I don't know if your thoughts on that, or if there's something else we need to dig into the tactical triangle. Like,

Speaker 1  06:36
well, actually, you know, with this tactical triangle stuff, the way I usually do it is is you know, we do that sort of intake survey and then we determine Okay, what angle of the triangle Do we need to start with as a traffic conversion or, or economics you know, as an 8020, but often, it's a You know, it's let's just start with the DSP stuff and the simplify stuff. And it's where we are with that. And that's actually what I was thinking today that we might do and then you just mentioned some DSP USB stuff and simplify. So one thing we could do is just, we could just go through those assessments right now and, you know, because if, you know one thing it does is, you know, at least I don't know if you've been through them or if you've seen them before, but

Matthias Miller  07:29
I've got the DSP course and I've started to go through it but it's hard to get me to sit down and walk through something like that without somebody holding my hand and I can't do it.

Speaker 1  07:37
Well, I mean, I don't think it takes that long let me share my screen and um, and cool. Let's let's just do that because I'll be useful exercise even if now I don't want a whiteboard. What do I want? Oh, man.

Unknown Speaker  07:56
Like go pause, share.

Unknown Speaker  08:03
Get out there. Okay, there we go share screen

Speaker 1  08:09
if I can find it. Okay, where is there's opera?

Unknown Speaker  08:15
Right? So

Speaker 1  08:21
let's do that you can see my screen. Yep. Okay. I also put a PDF of this in the, in the folder that we have that I set up. Obviously it's not interactive, it's just, you know, check the boxes and everything but so let's just run through it, see what we get here. And you know if even regardless of the score, you know, these assessments are like okay, well, if I answered this way to this question, it's like okay, that's an area that I need to work on. So it's pretty kind of self explanatory but in my market or niche if I pay full market price for cliques and advertising then I make a profit the very first time I sell to a customer even after advertising it's marginal I lose money. I'm sunk. I really can't pay full market prices. What's your your blank

Matthias Miller  09:14
pricing model? We we lose money acquiring them. Okay. Um Um, that's that's where I want to get into repricing and repositioning the front but Yep.

Speaker 1  09:28
When it comes to my pricing, again, I get full asking price and demand for my products and services still exceeded supply. I have to get into price negotiations. I usually have to negotiate price with my customers. I only get the price my customers are willing to pay and I'm getting clobbered.

Matthias Miller  09:46
Well, we never we almost never negotiate. So do we have but do we have as much the flows we want? No, but I think it's probably the first one.

Unknown Speaker  09:58
Okay. number of cases. editors growing faster

Matthias Miller  10:05
Honestly, I don't know if this is good or bad but we don't really have a lot of competitors in this and well the competitors in our space our retail retail products are they growing faster than us? I don't know if you count the competitors that's really the question. I suppose they are. Um

Matthias Miller  10:33
I would probably say very few, but I don't know if that's accurate. Maybe too optimistic. I'm not sure.

Speaker 1  10:41
Writing ads telling my story. They almost write themselves writing a good ad, take take serious effort, effort or none of my ads elevator speeches are doing the trick.

Matthias Miller  10:53
I probably the middle and right now, we're at

Speaker 1  10:57
I provide a new breed that my customer not get anywhere else 100% I have a large amount of undeniable proof that I am credible and or my product is superior

Unknown Speaker  11:11
hundred percent.

Matthias Miller  11:13
Sort of.

Speaker 1  11:16
I target a very specific kind of person or problem that clearly identifies my ideal customer.

Matthias Miller  11:23
I would say true.

Speaker 1  11:25
I have an unusual process system or mechanism that delivers a superior result for very specific reasons

Matthias Miller  11:34
100% agree.

Speaker 1  11:37
Store story of me or my product is fascinating, memorable and powerful.

Matthias Miller  11:43
I'd say 70%

Speaker 1  11:48
I offer a guarantee of hard deliverable results that none of my competitors have

Matthias Miller  11:52
got again, kind of depends on like, definition competitors, we we do fixed price software development, which is almost unheard of. So

Unknown Speaker  12:10
can you guarantee that fixed price?

Matthias Miller  12:13
Yes. And I think you could also say we guarantee Rudel overtly say this, we have an implicit guarantee that you're going to get exactly what you need. Which I don't know that any of them have that.

Unknown Speaker  12:32
Okay.

Matthias Miller  12:34
Um, I don't. Maybe the middle I don't know. It's kind of fuzzy. Yep.

Speaker 1  12:40
My product inherently solves the problem of faster, more elegant, complete way than any other approach in the market.

Matthias Miller  12:47
Somewhat. The only downside is we're not necessarily faster.

Speaker 1  12:51
Okay. My product is significantly less expensive than all others because of the fundamental innovation we've made in my business process. I've made In my presentation,

Matthias Miller  13:02
ah, we're actually in the ballpark of some retail solutions, but not necessarily significantly less expensive. So no, no. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  13:12
Well, before we click the score

Speaker 1  13:18
so, so one is a concern. Yeah. Three could be a concern, maybe, maybe not the biggest one to worry about right now. But number one, number four, a 61466, maybe nine.

Unknown Speaker  13:47
And

Speaker 1  13:49
146 910 1112 is only I mean, significantly less expensive. I don't even know you know, you get your proposition simplifier we're not gonna price simplifier so So what so that was 1414 910? Kind of those are the 4149 and 10.

Matthias Miller  14:08
So something like that.

Unknown Speaker  14:13
See what Perry calculates that. Okay. Okay, so 65

Matthias Miller  14:19
USP so that the bottom end of that

Speaker 1  14:23
it's the end of the Yeah, the unique selling proposition, the top top, you know, top. Top. What's it? What's the word? I'm looking for top 40%? Yeah, yeah, I'm not quite there but definitely within within within reach.

Unknown Speaker  14:41
A pretty strong DSP.

Matthias Miller  14:44
So if we could, if we could fix the pricing, if we could fix the story that we tell which has been honestly one of the things that's been biting us and I think maybe Well, the undeniable proof would come with the kind of the hundred percent the hundred percent satisfaction guarantee but without that kind of cheesy cheesy language

Unknown Speaker  15:14
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  15:19
I thought it would be in recents but maybe not.

Unknown Speaker  15:31
Oh, yeah, I also put it in that. I forgot to put it in via

Unknown Speaker  15:37
Yeah.

Speaker 1  15:48
I think yeah, I think number one is like it's like a function of certain things like I'm sure so pricing could be Part of that, you know, if you I think a What can you so the question there is what can you do to increase the lifetime value of the customer right to be okay, well, maybe we don't make a make a profit right away. But you know, something like that or is there maybe we could look at, you know, and we will down the look down the down the road here we'll look at like, espresso machine.

Matthias Miller  16:26
kind of feels like we are jumping straight to the espresso machine here. Uh huh. Okay, like that. That initial engagement is we've been juggling between 1500 to five k Hmm, and it's never a moneymaker. But as soon as they, you know, if they, if they move ahead with development we have we have a we have our profitability baked into that. Okay,

Speaker 1  16:48
so, talk to me a little bit about why it's sometimes 1500 and sometimes it's 5000.

Matthias Miller  16:55
We've kind of done that. Well. First of all, we just started out 1500 across the board, then we said, Well, you know, we should be, we should consider adding screen mock ups as part of this. And we've just basically done on a on a ballpark of like, if it's a small project like 10, you know, 10 to 15 k project, we'll do 1500 if it's kind of any project, you know, more from the 20 to 40 k will be 2500. Anything above that jumps up to five, five K, okay, um, and what gets confused? Good. Most of our projects land around 30 to 40 k right now, some, I can see that easily drifting up towards 50 to 60. k. We just did a quote for 100 k project that we had just hard costs, time investment. bottom of the barrel was like a five k engagement. Think so probably shouldn't

Speaker 1  17:58
be $100 upfront are 5000 they they turn into they become 3050 $100,000 engagements?

Matthias Miller  18:07
Yes.

Speaker 1  18:07
And is it ever the case that you do a 1500 dollar or a 5000 initial and it does not turn into something bigger?

Matthias Miller  18:18
I mean, the reason is they get cold feet or I mean, we had one guy who we who paid 3500 for a design session did like two two calls with us and then disappeared and went with a retail solution instead. So, definitely either either financial issues or they find something else that they think is good enough for them.

Speaker 1  18:43
What's the, like ballpark percentage of the time that that happens?

Matthias Miller  18:56
I don't know if it's 50% Okay. I'd have to go back and see ones. And some of them just have a really long sales cycle. So good bartlow went through Consuegra, we're waiting on them. fps s. So that's 5050 right there. They went ahead, they went ahead. They went ahead and will probably go ahead and a second one. They went ahead. They are in the wing. They're going ahead. They went ahead but pulled development. They said no. These are to be determined. It's actually probably better higher than that. I would say 30% bow out. Okay, two thirds we've had.

Speaker 1  19:45
Well, so a couple of questions come up is like so is would there be a way so what what would it take to overtake to get that 30% down to five Are there? Are there certain ways that you could like disqualify up front better? Were the ones that don't turn into bigger engagements, you know, don't don't enter the funnel in the first place.

Matthias Miller  20:16
Well, so one of the challenges kind of the way we position this upfront engagement is, look, we can give you a ballpark, but we're not going to know actually what's going to cost you. So there's still some price shopping that can theoretically be a part of that. So, but realistically, we can't really vet the budget all too well. Without knowing exactly, you know, without knowing more specifics. I'm not sure Jeff's thoughts on what that could look like.

Speaker 1  20:46
Well, I don't know. I mean, it could just be looking at the 30% didn't go forward. And just asking, okay, what what were the reasons they didn't go forward? We're There's some distinguishing characteristics that we could have noticed up front, you know, that would have given us, you know, Red Flag Warning signs that this might not go forward. You know, things like that there's something more we can do up front, before we engage that might, you know, tell us okay, that this is not going to be worth or this is going to be a much higher risk of us doing this upfront work, because the chances of them going forward with a bigger engagement are lower than dot, dot dot lower than these other people who meet these criteria. In other words, is there some kind of, you know, there's some kind of disqualifying checklist or are there more is there a way to alternatively or in addition to Is there a way to get more maybe commitment from them up front so that it's harder for them? You know, disengage like some kind of discovery contract kind of thing where you pay us this and it's applicable to a continuing engagement or I don't know. So I just want Yeah,

Matthias Miller  22:07
so. So a few, I think one of them was when we did really early on and we didn't charge design fit design a disk discovery fee or whatever we have to typically been doing a, you know, if you accept within 45 days after it gets applied to development,

Unknown Speaker  22:25
okay.

Matthias Miller  22:26
I think increasing the price definitely increases the level of can increase the level of commitment as long as we can establish value. On this one project, on this one project, COVID hit and this is in the construction industry. lumber prices are crazy, but it's also seems to be there are a lot of people in this space that are doing quite well right now. So there's a lot there was a lot of uncertainty, I think from that standpoint that really put them kind of made them put the brakes on, but they're still the jury's still out. They just didn't have The 45 day window. The other one the guy basically said, hey, look, it didn't sound like you guys did any of this, this kind of stuff before. And I really think he was just like, I don't want to. I just think he wasn't willing to commit the time to it actually help us get get the things that we need to actually pull the pieces together, but I don't know.

Matthias Miller  23:33
I don't know.

Speaker 1  23:39
Well Are there does it make you think of anything you might be able to add to your intake process that would help you avoid these situations? Are they all kinds of different reasons, out of your control kinds of things.

Matthias Miller  23:57
We can do twice a week call schedule for three weeks. And if they're not willing to commit to that, then we can't, then it's clear that they're not willing to make the commitment to move forward that that could weed out some of them. We could

Matthias Miller  24:28
we could ask them what retail solutions they've looked for. Part of me likes it because it positions us as willing to go head to head against these. The other part that I don't like is that, I don't know. Sometimes it's just easy for them to take the well, it can easily raise objections that we wouldn't have to address otherwise.

Speaker 1  24:54
Well, the other the other thing to look at is just what's his to look at what goes like 100%, right? So like the ones that go forward and it's just like a, you know, like a greased slide. It's just so easy and there's no way they're going to look at retail options. And

Unknown Speaker  25:15
you know, and go, okay, what's,

Speaker 1  25:19
rather than focusing on the, you know, you could you can, you know, as humans, we always like to focus on what's wrong and try to fix what's wrong, but sometimes it's sometimes it's better to look what's right, and then go, okay. Maybe it's just a matter of focusing more on the ones that are right. And then the ones that are wrong will sort of, you know, we just won't get as many of them because we're focusing on the bright spots and what's working. So yeah, another way to look at it is good, where do they so some of these backed out because they they went with a retail solution, right? And some of them just maybe the commitment wasn't quite there. Front. And so what what, what distinguishes people who in your mind like, it's not even, they're not even going to think about a retail solution. It's like not even gonna be a thing for them.

Matthias Miller  26:18
There's a good number here where it just doesn't exist more, or they've had a retail solution before that they're moving away from. Okay, and they need to, or they need to supplement it or something like that.

Speaker 1  26:32
Maybe that's it, then maybe there's some, you know, this is just these are just ideas, of course, but maybe there's something in your intake process that the red flag would be something like, well, a retail a strong retail. Alternative does exist here. Right? Yeah. And what was the other thing you mentioned? Oh, and they've never tried a retail Solution past. So that might be a red flag because so they don't know the, quote, hassles or horrors or whatever, of the solution. So if they've got those two criteria that might be okay, we need to be we need to tread lightly here.

Matthias Miller  27:18
And I think some of that could be fixed with supposition on the front end, because it's kind of ironic because most of the guys will be like, Oh, yeah, we want to retail solution because we won't get we want to get all this other stuff that everybody else thinks of that, you know, we can be one up on but do you think they want to go out to Home Depot and buy their cabinetry there for their custom home that they're building, like, like, or fill in the blank and so I think in one sense, pointing out the integrity of look, you guys want world class quality, but you're really going after the law of averages here. When the retail solution and pre empting I think some of it could be done in the sales process of almost like some mindset training and pre empting, the pre empting their mindset around retail products.

Speaker 1  28:11
Yeah, I think for those who have never have never had a retail solution before or whatever, a, there may be something Okay, so how do we, in our sales funnel or messaging to those people? How do we, you know, sort of tell the, you know, are there retail horror stories that we have from our customers that we can tell these people to sort of get that into their head that you know, why a retail solution is not going to be a pleasant experience for them to go down. So, you know, it's always easier to sell to people who have the bleeding neck because I've been what I felt the pain that I experienced, it's always harder to, to, you know, communicate that to people who haven't been through it, but it's not Impossible. And it might be helpful in maybe converting more of those that are, you know, that you're that are not going to the higher engagement. And obviously, if you can, if there's a way to target into, I don't know, is there a way to target more of the people where a retail solution just does not exist? Like it's not going to be an option? Because they're like, you know, like some of these ones you mentioned before, there's just there wasn't there just wasn't a retail option. What are the, like criteria there where it's like, the ones that don't that we know are not going to retail solution.

Matthias Miller  29:45
So I think here's, I mean, there's a few interesting ones here. I mean, one's a butcher shop, like where are you going to find butcher shop software, you know, what your shop software.com or whatever, you know, One's a farm Co Op, which again, like, Where's that for that? There's a trust company that actually had they were working with one of the biggest software vendors in that space. And they're in a process of a full rewrite other software system. And they they actually were looking at dropping 20 to 40 k for a midterm solution until they get that rolled out. That one's still in the wing. Um, there's also this thing, there's another client that was really interesting to actually have a long term relationship with, they didn't really, I didn't really stay in touch with them. They change of staff and they didn't realize what kind of what we do. They, they drop some money on a retail solution, and that solution promised, promised in the world, but really wasn't as good as even the half baked salute. They had before. And so I think there's this thing of people look at with retail stuff. I think it's like, oh, this thing can do almost everything I want. But then Oh, wait, there's these few features that I really wish that I had. And it makes me wonder if if the use of a retail system could not by itself be a qualifier as a potential client.

Unknown Speaker  31:32
Mm hmm.

Speaker 1  31:36
If like, maybe you only go after people who've had a retail solution, because they know how, how bad it can be.

Matthias Miller  31:45
Yes, and they're in there experiencing a an issue with their retail software. Yeah.

Speaker 1  31:52
Right. Well, that's, you know, that. That definitely smells like a bleeding neck. To me. I mean, it might not Be a total bleeding neck, but it's pretty close. Right? Yeah, they've had the experience because again, it's it's always harder to, you know, if someone doesn't have that painful experience in the past, it's always harder to sell to them because they just don't know. You know, you can tell them, you can tell him about it all day. But unless they've experienced that pain of, you know, of going through it, and you know, the visceral experience of it, they just, they just don't, it's just harder to convert them. Yeah, you can, you know, we always we should always been going after you know, that, you know, gentlemen douches, five, power disqualifiers or whatever he calls them. One of them is the is the bleeding neck, and it's, you know, he's like, they don't have a bleeding neck, then you need to, you know, you need to probably not go after them. At least not don't make it 80% of your marketing should not be focused at them. 80% The ones that you know have a bleeding neck because they, you know, buy into the you know, something needs to be fixed here it's always you're basically selling for ones who haven't been through the retail experience you're basically selling prevention rather than cure and Prevention's always harder to sell them cure

Matthias Miller  33:19
makes a lot of sense. I've always experienced a fair bit of fear, uncertainty and doubt going head to head with retail solutions, but because in my mind, they have all of this. They have the entire code base, like why wouldn't they just go fix the problem? It seems obvious to me but but

Speaker 1  33:44
well, if they go fix the problem, I mean, so fixing the problem is it is it like for the amount of work that they would get to go fix the problem compared to the money they would get? What how does that compare to like the initial sale is it More work and less money or

Matthias Miller  34:01
Yeah, it's probably better for them to just to go to sell to another cabinet shop, or Yeah, fill in the blank. All right, so all right, so go ahead and

Unknown Speaker  34:12
solve problems for the ones that we have.

Matthias Miller  34:16
Right? Oh, that's Yeah.

Speaker 1  34:18
Which is, which is totally against the philosophy of these guys. Right or shouldn't be. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, again, I don't know, if they haven't experienced it, I don't know. But if you'd be able to convince them, but that's certainly an argument that they would they would understand is like, okay, here's what they do. They just go and sell this kindness, this solution that kind of meets your needs, but not really. And then when you find out it doesn't meet your needs, they don't really do anything about it. They just and for every

Matthias Miller  34:50
one of you who are trying to get them to fix there's 10 others other people in the wing that are just waiting to buy their software to because I think it's going to be the silver bullet.

Speaker 1  34:59
Exactly. It is A lot easier to sell well, not easier. But it's, it's Yeah, we get we get a new customer, we get a huge hit. And then why should we go in and deal with problems from you know? Because fixing the problems not going to pay us? Yes.

Matthias Miller  35:20
Well, and let's face it, these guys don't know how to cater to people. And I think this is kind of a, I don't know how exactly you position it, but this is what we do. We have, we have a platform that's designed to to integrate both the retail and the custom components, which is, which is access to a platform that nobody else nobody else in the software space has access to. In addition, go ahead.

Speaker 1  35:51
No, I was just gonna say is there a you know, you talk about retail solutions? Is there one retail solution where you seem to you know, run into more than any other and it's not. Yeah, no. Okay, this kind of all spread up.

Matthias Miller  36:07
Yeah, we're too early in the. I mean, we don't. We've done maybe 3030 to 40 projects, Max. Wow. Okay. So but if we if we, if we hone in there probably will be.

Speaker 1  36:24
Yeah, I was just gonna say maybe there is a, I don't know, maybe there's some some marketing list that you could buy of, you know, people who have this retail solution who are in these industries or, you know, I don't Well, that's all for now, but down the road possibly.

Matthias Miller  36:44
Yeah, and I think this is premature. We have had one client who actually initially paid us to do integration with a Linux based batching software for concrete ready mix plants. Talk to another guy on the phone last week. Former Employee if you wanted to get in touch with the business owner, because he was he'd been asking about it, he practically got giddy when we were talking about, oh yeah, we can actually save credit cards for your customers without, you know, and you know, remain PCI compliant, which is like, no this and he's like what you can do that like so so that that is that is a potential market that we could go after I've actually thought about with with Yeah, I don't know how far I need to be down the road of validating it but the direct mail does seem like a great avenue for these types of guys because of their mo and just because of their types of businesses and stuff. Anyway, that's rambling.

Unknown Speaker  37:51
Well, let's

Speaker 1  37:54
move on to for this which also may be you know, might be a function of others. things but tell me about the writing ads telling story.

Unknown Speaker  38:06
It's a good deal of effort right now.

Matthias Miller  38:09
I mean, it's getting easier. I think this was army knife tool, getting all that stuff together the story brand stuff. We've done our call that we did last time. I think all of that's going to help going to continue working on hunting in our, our kind of our core messaging. The it's hard to know whether we are selling solutions like well, it's just been hard because we've been we've been custom and it's been a hard way to find your path into something that still has this custom component, but it's addressing a very specific pain point. Pricing, you know, order management, scheduling, those types of things. It seems like a lot of industry software is focused more on it's either like Well, I guess a lot of your piece systems that have that, but it's either more of the technical side of like CAD or, or you know, those types of stuff, maybe less than unlike the more general business management tools.

Unknown Speaker  39:16
Right.

Matthias Miller  39:21
I know it's compelling. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  39:23
I was just gonna say, I know it's early. And I know you've been doing a lot of thinking about this, but I think, you know, what will probably need to happen eventually is, you know, niching down further, right, just really focusing on either one industry or one problem with the retail solution or, you know, to get as specific as you can or to have or at least to get your messaging to those people. That's, you know, as specific and direct as possible. Maybe Maybe you don't just serve one industry or type of business, but your messaging to those people is all about that.

Matthias Miller  40:15
Yeah.

Speaker 1  40:16
But I think that's a that's going to be an ongoing process. But it's almost always a good idea to, you know, to get more specific and more niche II in what you provide. And I think that's also going to be like a function of six like as you go along. I think you mentioned that your answer to six was sort of agree I have a large amount of undeniable proof

Unknown Speaker  40:48
that you know, that I my product are superior.

Speaker 1  40:53
And that's probably just a function of there's been 30 years or so engagements that you've done.

Matthias Miller  40:59
Yeah, and We haven't been super intentional about building out case studies or doing any kind of even not not that intentional about building out testimonials we do have, we do have two absolutely raving fans that we send any any doubters to because we're kind of in the Amish Mennonites spectrum a lot of them know them. And that that's done a ton for respecting that space but if we go beyond if we go outside of that, and we're gonna have to find are we Yeah, we just need to I think it's a matter of continuing to build it out but

Unknown Speaker  41:41
was it a main kind of

Speaker 1  41:45
surveying you can do to collect some feedback and some proof or or I'm trying to think what the 8020 of it would be like

Unknown Speaker  42:01
You know, could you

Unknown Speaker  42:07
would it even just be like

Speaker 1  42:10
you know, some kind of six month follow up call or something where you get them on the phone for 15 minutes and having to tell you how things have gotten better.

Matthias Miller  42:22
Yeah, we already had a call scheduled

Matthias Miller  42:32
so that would be an easy thing to add.

Speaker 1  42:35
Yeah, just any any way that you could get okay here's here's what the before picture looked like. And you know, here are you know, maybe here are some of the things we tried that didn't work. And then here's what the situation looks like now and as you can get about, you know, savings or customer satisfaction levels going up or

Unknown Speaker  43:00
additional revenue, but whatever it is,

Unknown Speaker  43:10
and what, let's see.

Unknown Speaker  43:14
What else do we say? 10 was one of them.

Matthias Miller  43:22
Which one was

Speaker 1  43:24
the guarantee of hard deliverables results that none of my competitors has gets yet? I think he said some.

Matthias Miller  43:30
Yeah. So I mean, we we have fixed price development, which is absolutely, which well, it's not completely unheard of, but it's quite rare in the software development space. And I think there could be something that we could build out with. I don't even know what exactly it is. But it's kind of like, this thing's just gonna. Just gonna work. Like, it's just gonna, it's gonna think like you Bank, it's going to do what you wanted to do. I don't know how you package that into, into a guarantee.

Speaker 1  44:08
Well, that's a, you know, I think that's always a productive exercise is to look at guarantees and going okay, how can we add more teeth to it? How can we do? How can we offer something that is unheard of in our space?

Unknown Speaker  44:29
You know, I talked to a lot of clients about this and it's

Speaker 1  44:33
the, I think what a lot of us forget, is that a guarantee the main the main reason for a guarantee is to grab attention. That that's its main purpose, grab attention. And then your sales process figures out the rest. Well, the get get their attention by offering something that makes their eyes pop out. Then, you know, I think what a lot of marketers get afraid of is like, Oh, well, what if I can't deliver that and I have to pay off on the guarantee? Well, that's when you set up your sales processes to disqualify the people that you're not going to be able to do that for. And you make sure that like, okay, we're going to offer this guaranteed to them, they're things they need to do to qualify. Right. So that we, we know when, and also that's like, okay, because I work to the software company is document management company, we were going through their guarantees, and, and, and they're like, Well, the President is afraid that we'll have to, you know, what, what if we have to pay off on one of these and, and I'm like, Well, you know, what's, how many times in the last 20 years? Have you not met that thing that you're guaranteeing and she's like, never, we've never not done that? Like, oh, I understand and why do you think you'll do it in the future, which is like, well, I don't know. Maybe we'll just get somebody that you know, we Can't do it for and I'm like, well, then then you make sure that you're disqualifying the people that you might not be. That's but that's Yeah, that, you know, that's a conversation happens a lot. And so the thing to remember when, when coming up with guarantees is how can we make your eyes pop out and say, oh, wow, I so, you know, it has to be somewhat believable to of course, but it has to grab their attention so that they say I need to at least start a conversation with these guys. Because I've never heard that before. And this makes them sound completely different from everybody else. So yeah, I don't know what do you what are your thoughts on that as far as

Unknown Speaker  46:46
I popping guarantees you could offer

Matthias Miller  46:49
I'm,

Speaker 1  46:53
like you mentioned so that you said something about it'll, it'll think like, you do. Or Yeah. So what does that mean in like guarantee terms and and obviously if you're saying that it means that there are other things that they've used in the past have not done that. So is that does that mean it's an intuitive customized to them? So that's exactly what their business needs

Matthias Miller  47:28
Yes, it's both of those.

Matthias Miller  47:38
But I'm not sure how you know if we position ourselves against retail products

Matthias Miller  47:51
and and also like, what's the teeth in that because their whole I mean, yeah, our whole process is built towards it, which doesn't mean that you can't have teeth in it. It's just like

Matthias Miller  48:12
I had one thought pop in my head, where was it? disappeared?

Speaker 1  48:20
Well, again, I think this is, you know, this is going to be informed by or a function of to your, like on number whatever that was number six gathering, you know, undeniable proof. Yeah, as guarantees also don't mean anything unless they're relevant to what the customer really wants. And so, when you do, you know, whatever you call them, these customer satisfaction calls or, you know, gathering feedback from your current customers. I think you'll probably hear some things that are like, you know, it used to be this way and now it's This way, and then that'll be like a kernel of a guarantee. Like you'll never.dot.or This will never happen or you know, you'll feel like this or

Unknown Speaker  49:16
Yeah, so I don't want it. But

Matthias Miller  49:18
what what if it's something like and i don't i don't know like you'll never I mean, it's almost like will never tell you know, which which isn't quite right but it's pretty close. Like the like the part of the pain with a retail solution is Hey guys, like we'd like to have this. We paid good money. And like, why can't we have this feature? Because we need it like up? Yeah, that's a good idea. We'll get to it next year.

Matthias Miller  49:50
I don't know if there's a way to I don't know. I might just have to. Do you want that one to a bit? I'm not sure exactly.

Speaker 1  50:00
Yeah, it's something I don't know what it is. But it's, it's, it's something like he, you know? Well, so the retail thing is, in a lot of ways a one size fits all. I mean, I'm sure there's some, there's it's tweaked and customized a little bit for businesses, but mostly you have to take what they've put together, right. And, yeah, one size fits all. And that's why it doesn't work for your business because you're not exactly like every other business. So it's, you know, some version of this, this will be a solution that feels like you built it for your business. Like, like, yeah, you know, it's I don't know, I don't know what the what it is or what the copy is offhand, but it's something like that. It's something like it'll feel like you built it for your business.

Matthias Miller  50:54
Yeah,

Speaker 1  50:55
rather than having to take the one size fits all. Somebody else.

Matthias Miller  51:02
But I think and then

Speaker 1  51:03
get copy from even if you did, I think like a simple survey of customers and ask them, you know, what would be like the Livingston survey version of this something like, you know, what was your biggest hassle before you got our solution? And how hard was it to find a solution to that problem? And how has your life changed? Now that you have it? or How is your business improved? Now that you have it, you know, some version of that just a simple Livingston survey where you let them talk in that last question, you know, let them type as much as they want, encourage them to type as much as they want. But even if you did, but if you just have an end, you can do that, of course on your calls, too. But it's like, you know, what was the what was the biggest problem? How hard was it to solve and what's, what's your life like? How's your life different now that you've solved it or now that we've solved it for you Yeah, there's always kernels of guarantees. So,

Matthias Miller  52:06
okay, that's helpful.

Speaker 1  52:12
Do you want to we won't have time to talk about it too much, but we can go through real quick The, the simplify scorecard. It's also not just print out on a PDF, either but we could go through it and recorder and then we'll have, you know, questions to go over or things to discuss, or ponder. So, so this is just a, you just supposed to answer kind of quickly, not thinking over too much. And it's, it's on a scale here and I think it just goes zero to if you can see my screen, I think it goes zero to 10. How much you agree with it? But do you believe that your business or a competitor could cut costs and prices by moving More than 50%

Matthias Miller  53:02
I probably give it a three.

Speaker 1  53:04
And you know, you've probably seen Perry say, you know, nobody in planet Perry has a price simplifier it's everyone is a proposition simplify. I don't know why I hate when that doesn't. It's like, I was a PC guy for so long.

Matthias Miller  53:21
It's like, going back to it.

Unknown Speaker  53:24
Let's see, why won't it move? There we go three. Okay.

Speaker 1  53:29
If you started again from scratch, would you see more potential in making the product or service a joy to use for making it simpler? So you could cut prices by a large amount?

Matthias Miller  53:39
Just add like a two or something.

Speaker 1  53:44
Good. Okay. Great. What are the operating margins in your business? operating margin is EBIT earnings before interest in taxes divided by revenue proximately over 25 or 10% or less

Matthias Miller  54:01
I don't know right now it's probably yes. Seven down here. Yes. And we're in that side.

Speaker 1  54:11
Are you currently the lowest cost lowest price competitor in your market? No. Has your business invest in state of the art systems to speed product or service flows and drive down cost? Now Which do you think is more important your business operating margin, absolute profit margin or return on cash invested?

Matthias Miller  54:43
I mean, I would lean towards return on cash invested, but that's just kind of a gut reaction.

Speaker 1  54:50
How long is your time horizon when you make a serious capital investment, one to five or more than 10

Matthias Miller  55:00
It's probably a two or three in there. I don't know what it is.

Speaker 1  55:05
How important is revenue growth? vital important?

Matthias Miller  55:16
Probably lean to like a six or seven I don't know.

Speaker 1  55:22
is or was the founder of your business a visionary? obsessed with insanely great product services making the majority use or a frugal Penny pinching?

Matthias Miller  55:32
Yeah, it is a an evolution from the right to the left, but I would say that the left is definitely where we're finding ourselves. Okay.

Speaker 1  55:41
And is your business culture letus meritocratic with top 5% business make or break it or egalitarian? Similar office space facilities for everyone? emphasis on teamwork.

Matthias Miller  55:56
I'm not completely sure sure if I think it's probably like gala terian if I did, I don't know.

Speaker 1  56:09
Let's put it there for now. Sure. Business believe in using simplicity mainly to make products services better or to make products or services cheaper,

Matthias Miller  56:19
better. Like oh yes and whether that's good.

Speaker 1  56:24
Is it important for your business to hide complexity from customers? So the product service is easy for them to use?

Matthias Miller  56:30
Yes should be like a Waterstone.

Speaker 1  56:35
Is the product service usefulness ease of use and appearance or emotional appeal to customers very important to the business?

Matthias Miller  56:42
Yes.

Speaker 1  56:46
Is the price of the product or service the most important thing?

Matthias Miller  56:55
No. It's somewhere in the middle there.

Speaker 1  57:00
Does the business believe of being the leader in the market overall or being the leader in a premium segment that will pay more for the product is important.

Matthias Miller  57:10
Guess being a leader in a premium segment for sure.

Speaker 1  57:15
Which do you think is more important investment in people or investment in production and delivery systems for customers?

Matthias Miller  57:22
investment and people definitely.

Speaker 1  57:27
How important is consistent and relentless innovation to your business? vital or it's more important to get business systems right to start with and then make gradual improvements.

Matthias Miller  57:42
Like I don't know three maybe I don't know.

Speaker 1  57:47
Which is more important your business developing new products, I'm sorry, building new projects or making the existing business system smoothly.

Matthias Miller  57:59
Leopold towards the left.

Speaker 1  58:03
Is there a continual buzz about change in your business? Or is it more valuable to do the basics right every time?

Matthias Miller  58:11
basics right every time

Speaker 1  58:15
which is a better description of your business dynamic and freewheeling or disciplined and predictable. Okay,

Matthias Miller  58:22
probably where we're at right now about a six or something like that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  58:28
How much does your business encourage risk taking? It's fine to take big risks, but they don't pay off or only moderate risk taking acceptable.

Matthias Miller  58:36
Somehow, like a two or three

Speaker 1  58:39
on here. Or Yes. All right, there we go. Does your business aim to captivate the customer with something new or impress the customer with great value every day?

Matthias Miller  58:48
I impress with great value.

Unknown Speaker  58:52
I don't know how many questions there are, I forgot about this.

Speaker 1  58:56
Important designing the product or service itself for designing the business system. underpinning the production and delivery of the product or service.

Matthias Miller  59:06
I would lean a little to the right.

Speaker 1  59:12
Does your business provide a universal product or service that is the same? Always in everywhere?

Matthias Miller  59:19
Nope.

Speaker 1  59:22
What is the level of the organization overheads general administrative and sales expenses marketing product and so forth? What is the level of your organization's overhead?

Matthias Miller  59:37
I would put it to the left side of high somewhere I don't know exactly.

Speaker 1  59:44
And I guess we will reach the end. Okay. All right, minimum score, zero maximum scores 250 78. Realize the scale below each questions and designs and left hand resist. Yes, this is how your scores so you're 78 There's slight leaning towards proposition simplify. If your organization wants to proposition simplify, it will have to change some of its policies price simplifying is probably not feasible. Okay. So I so you know, I think what it's showing is, you know, as Perry says, everybody in planet Perry's a proposition simplifier. So, we need to talk about how do we get this score from here to maybe in here somewhere, and we can we can visit some of those questions, you know,

Matthias Miller  1:00:33
is it from there or is it

Speaker 1  1:00:35
the other direction? Oh, sorry, as you may really scales, bloated questions on the left hand represented, this is how, okay, the minimum score is zero and the maximum score is 250. Yeah, so we want to get to here your organization is highly well suited. Oh, sorry, non wrong, your right. proposition, I think. Right.

Matthias Miller  1:00:56
And I think this is evidence of a little bit of a mindset shift that needs to happened from? I don't know, it's probably a handful of things growing up in a go just kind of head trash stuff and, and not understanding the value that we have and not fully. It's almost like just wrapping our all of our arms around proposition simplifying and say this is who we are and probably embracing it.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:23
Yeah, I think that's a good place to start next time.

Speaker 1  1:01:27
I can, I'll do the I'll, I've been recording this. So I'll put the recording and I'll put the transcription in our folder. And we can look at we're gonna review some other questions just like we did on the DSP. We'll review some of the ones in this one that, you know, maybe could be shifted in the other direction.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:52
And start there.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:54
Cool. All right, man.

Matthias Miller  1:01:55
Awesome. Appreciate it, john.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:56
Good. All right. See you man.

Matthias Miller  1:01:59
Yep, man.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai