Speaker 1  00:00
Hey, Matthias Yeah, I think that you're on the right track with that angle. I think you could refine it a little bit. But I think that's a good starting point. You know, for me, one of the things like with my Facebook ads agency that I had, that I leaned on sometimes was like, I started this, because I worked at other agencies I saw behind the scenes, and I got so fed up with seeing how bad many agencies treated their clients, they just didn't care. They didn't give them results. And I got sick of seeing business owners bamboozled seeing business owners, you know, that had amazing businesses, but they just didn't understand that just a few simple shifts in their marketing could like, have massive results for them. And so I started blindspot marketing, in order to combat that, in order to give them back time freedom, and show them that marketing doesn't have to be complicated, and expensive, and overwhelming, that can actually be really fun. And it can help them serve their clients at a higher level. Right. So you see how they're like I made an emotional connection between not necessarily having a starting place of like, coming from the industry that the client isn't, but still tying it back to like this painful problem and almost like throwing rocks at an industry. One really powerful thing you can do is what I call my David and Goliath approach, where you're like throwing stones at a giant right, who just is too big and unwieldy to fight back. So like an industry for example. And a lot of successful marketers do this like if you look at purple mattresses, anything anything the Harmon brothers do, they actually do this? If you know who the Harmon brothers are, like, they, they throw rocks at industries that can't fight back. So they create like, you know, there's big pharma and big whatever they do this with, like, they took purple mattresses and they go, they just start throwing stones at the mattress industry. But the mattress industry can't fight back. Like they're not making ads like this. They're not aware of marketing. They're not it's not even it's not even like a single company, right? It's this like, conglomerate this like, way of doing business. And so they made it like, hey, the mattress industry is like trying to scam you. Here's not that you have to be that strong. It's like scam, but you know, like basically, you're getting treated wrong by the mattress industry. Here's a better way. So that's one really powerful angle. You can use


Transcribed by https://otter.ai