Matthias Miller  00:01
If you want the breakdown of how you do an assessment, here's basically how you do it. You come up with a quadrant, and you have left and right, up and down. And that is your starting point. And then from those, you create a series of four comparisons and contrasts. Now when you're doing these comparisons and contrasts with again, because we're wanting to create orthogonality, then what you actually need to do is to create things that most people think of as opposites, but aren't truly opposites. So for example, fast versus slow is a little upset like you can't have can't have those as opposites but you can have speed and is when they have speed and precision as and most people will think of those as opposites, but they're not actually truly opposites. You can have somebody who is first be pro precision, low speed, low precision, or let's say high speed, high precision, low speed, low precision. And so you have you create four pairs of that for a total of eight qualities. So now you have eight qualities. Okay, so now, from those qualities, you need to be able to create a scoring model. So you start with questions. And this depends on the topic of what's your, what's your, what's your working towards, but these can be motivational, aspirational, behavioral types of questions. And so coming up with these categories, I think makes the most sense. Make the multiples of you know, something like four, four is probably too few, because you'll have a lot of redundancy, but something like eight or 16 categories. And theoretically, you can have a variable number of them as well. And we'll get into that. Beyond that. So you kind of have these broad categories of questions. And then once you have those categories of questions, then you start crafting the actual questions. Now if you want an even distribution of Okay, first of all the things you want to be doing in your in your questions is to have to always pair opposites in your answers because that's going to it's not actually helpful. It makes the people guess, so getting the results and they start seeing the pattern. So within that the biggest impact number of categories is probably less important. The benefit of having a lot of categories is that it creates randomness and this similarity between the questions the more categories that you have, and then from with within that with the way that I would try to do it is that each of those categories, you've got two to four. If you absolutely have to, you could do six or eight questions and or answer's? No, I'm sorry, questions within this categories? So you said those questions, and then we'll see how this pans out. But the plan that I have then is you list out those questions, grouped by category and within each category. you randomize a district a distribution of each of the categories. So for example, if you have two questions, which has positive as positive as a minimum, then those questions will have something from all eight of those categories in some kind of random combination. And, and that random combination obviously becomes solidified. The randomness is only just to generate the test. And you're gonna standardize that for the sake of the actual tests. Yes, standardized test results, but coming up with the test, you randomize those things, or if you have and then the more questions you have before then you you just have four more that that share those and then from beyond that you have six then there's extra questions you random, randomly distribute those those possible answers. And and then once you have those, so basically what you're gonna end up with is you're saying, Hey, I have a I have a question. And, in given this question, how would somebody with this trait likely respond and how would people with this who What are ways that they would likely respond to people that other people would not likely respond in that way? Because you're actually looking at this from two lens, because you want people to disqualify themselves. And disqualify themselves. So easiest is to say is the start by going through and saying, you know, how do people like this respond? And then do a second pass through and do some editing

Matthias Miller  05:04
to to look for things that may end up? Being being repeated. You know, based on

Matthias Miller  05:24
like that might have to actually apply to multiple categories because you want to what you want to create then is, is sets of things that are unique to each category. And then once you've got that, then you just have the scoring model, you know, adding points for the positive, striking points in the negative. And, you know, there's probably something you can do with those points and consistency to see how much you know whether you're actually measuring for the trade because it seems like if you have questions for that trade that that generally, your questions should follow the same trend. I don't really know if it's completely true or not. And then step three, then is pairing up all the possible combinations. So what is you know a one a two and a two and a 312221, or 21314151, a 61718 and two, three to four. To 52627283435363738. Etc, etc. And, and by doing so, you can you come up with these kind of unique combinations. So it's total of something like five times about 40 Different that sounds like too much there's got to be a way to narrow that down. Bogey about three different profiles off of these people. So I don't know exactly how that works. But you come up with combinations that say, if you have x and y, then this is what makes you this is what gives you that certain type of a trade. And if you actually put in the work to come up with those 40 combinations it's actually close to nicely because I don't know I have to think through how many of those actually are but it's actually probably closer to 2020 to 25 combinations that you've got. So then you have have all of those types of combinations. And then you have like the people who are super, super strong in one area, people who are across the board in the middle, some who have some really strong dislikes and you craft some statements for each of those if you're in each of those situations, and so then then the process from there is very much in is is you go ahead and validate it have people take the test and give you a response and tell them with the agree or disagree with and then once you actually have the data, then you can start examining the data and say if I would have eliminated this question across these states, would I have gotten close to the same accuracy of results and you find things that are redundant as a result of that if you want to take it to the next level?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai