Unknown Speaker  01:29
Hey Nick you've been following the World Cup it'll

Unknown Speaker  01:39
have not

Speaker 1  01:42
Croatia just beat Brazil on penalties after they scored in the

Matthias Miller  01:48
with about four minutes left in extra time to take good penalties we're watching it live. I mean, we know that while it was Yeah, that sounds like a nail biter. It wasn't. It's awesome we don't typically watch much American football but we watch the first half of the Rams Raiders game last night with the kids. Yeah, Dad day was cheering for the Rams. It was it was a good day for him. Well, it was bad. It's a bad day for him for the first half. is very pleased. We made him go to bed before the game finished. He's very pleased to hear this morning. But they want it's also theirs. It was an interesting game. That's for sure. Just heard the fall result. Final Result? Yeah. And they were saving themselves by the skin of their teeth as well. Yeah. We're about to get eliminated. So.

Speaker 1  03:30
Is there anything I should have prepared for this call like jobs I've coded recently or

Matthias Miller  03:35
you'd probably like to know that if you've got that available. Yes, sure.

Matthias Miller  07:03
Doing might actually be able to answer your question or to balance. I have not shared this thing down and I completely are not digging in doing Hey,

Speaker 1  07:15
sorry, I, we've got drivers in here today we ordered pizza and I was eating pizza and lost track of time. What? No, no.

Matthias Miller  07:24
I need to start driving.

Unknown Speaker  07:28
You want to come into the part of a safety meeting?

Matthias Miller  07:31
Yeah, no.

Matthias Miller  07:38
Anyway, safety meetings didn't work. Start didn't didn't start happening in my, in my career until cybersecurity became an issue. And now it's like, go watch these precooked trainings and click the boxes, make sure that you understand and check your email headers to make sure that it is not a sample test phishing event. And if it is, you know, just search for phishing email headers and then forwarded off and mark it so that you get bonus points for detecting them and the rent. Back to safety.

Speaker 1  08:03
Dude. I feel like in the last couple of years, this phishing thing has ramped up like unbelievable. It's more profitable, cell phone and WhatsApp and everybody's trying to fish and like I'm constantly getting peed. Like the one that just irritates the snot on me right now is these people that pretend like they they dialed the wrong or they they message the wrong number. Yeah. I like messing with them. It's kind of fun. And you know, like, okay, so what was it? Yesterday, I got this message that said, hey, Martin, you want to go to you want to go to New York with me? And I'm like, I would if I was bartending, that would be fun. And then it's like, it's like every single time it's Oh, I'm so sorry. I must have dialed the wrong. I must have text the wrong number. Yeah, you think so? Hey, do you want to be friends? Seriously, like, like, you didn't get my sarcastic attitude yet? Like.

Matthias Miller  08:59
But yeah, that's funny. When I've had more time on my hands, and more things to do, I would also do that with the scammers who tried to get access to your computer. I just play along like I was following the steps and make like some stupid comment about using Linux or something that looking right or like, I can't do this or like, ask for help and just like make them go round and round and round and round and round and round. Dude,

Speaker 1  09:23
I had so much fun for a little while watch there's this guy on YouTube that somehow backtraces these guys and like is like deleting their computer files. Yes. It's like it is it is so much fun to watch.

Matthias Miller  09:36
The glitter bomb in the in the call center is the nice mashup between Yeah, anyway. Mark rovers on another level. Yeah.

Speaker 1  09:50
What I what I can't quite figure out is how in the world, how in the world they back trace that that kind of thing back into it. Like how do you get access to the guy who's trying to access Is your computer Oh,

Matthias Miller  10:05
urine, he doesn't end

Speaker 1  10:06
it. I'm sure that hacking, I can if I was into programming and I could get into hacking, they would be fun. But unfortunately, I have better things to do.

Matthias Miller  10:22
Well, when I was about Nick's age, I found a something called a SQL injection vulnerability, which I never exploited but found the SQL injection vulnerability in the Wall Street Journal's website. So or I say vulnerability. Not really vulnerability because I wasn't able to explain it. But it was clear they were doing some things wrong. That meant that there was a possibility that it could be exploited.

Matthias Miller  10:53
And then I was like, I probably don't want my name going down in history as the guy who

Speaker 1  10:56
got nailed for for hacking the Wall Street Journal.

Matthias Miller  11:00
Yeah. Probably wouldn't bode well for me or my employer. Yeah.

Speaker 1  11:10
Man, what are we talking about today? I feel out of touch

Matthias Miller  11:19
Nick has a question about our to vendor invoice. Does the should it use the sales order balance? At the bottom?

Speaker 1  11:33
No. No, yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Sorry. Brainfart RTO about the sales order balance. Yes. Okay, now the RTO balanced. Yeah, cuz the RTO invoice is to go to the, to the RTO company to buy the building, which would be less than the amount that was paid so far. Okay, I do have some other notes on. So I saw I saw you got a bunch of stuff done on component side of of, but whenever Seth did the zero down RTO thing. I didn't think this one through. So here's the scenario. Once we get this once Josh ties this stuff in and you can do an actual zero down contract, there's a document there's going to be an include if document that goes along with it, if it has a certain type of contract, ie $0 down. But on that contract, I need to show what they're going to be paying at the point of delivery. And right now, when it when you select zero down, cash do goes to zero. So I'm not sure we got a problem solved for a way that we could use the whatever terms and setups they're doing. So if they select Damage Waiver fee, and they do a security deposit and you do a first month down, somehow we need to still reflect that number for the document that says this is what you're gonna be paying at the time of delivery. So I don't know, I'd be open to some thoughts on if it's another field we want to add or if we just want to create some magic, based off of pre configuration I don't know any thoughts

Matthias Miller  13:27
okay, this include if this isn't this is this is in the where's this inclusive portion

Speaker 1  13:35
the the contract itself so we're gonna we're gonna have a document that would that'll be wrapped around include a statement that says if you select this the standard contract zero down then include this document with the contract.

Matthias Miller  13:51
Okay, and then um and then where do these other numbers need to go?

Unknown Speaker  14:00
So let me find a sales order so we can have a productive conversation around this let's look at Pipeline and know if you Carolina Come on I'm gonna drop this URL in the chat Do you want me to share my screen?

Matthias Miller  14:38
You can share your screen I gave you you get permission if you want. Pulling it up now.

Unknown Speaker  14:50
All right, are you seeing my RTO contract?

Matthias Miller  14:53
Yep.

Speaker 1  14:55
Let me actually make this thing bigger. So So let's say for example, we use zero debt. Okay, so back to calculate. So right now you have all your numbers on the side over here cash two is $400. Okay? Yep. So that is the number that I have tied into this. Here's the zero down RTO. Agreement disclosure, that 400 is tied in right here. Because that's the amount that they would. And also right here, that's the amount they're going to pay at the point of delivery. So if you, if you go to the zero down, contract type, and recalculate that cash dollar goes to zero, which means that I now have a contract that will say, zero down here. So I don't essentially what it is, in a real world scenario that $400 Like we would we would show like on the on the configurator. They would show $0 do today in order to send off that contract and create the sale. But the document down here would still say $400, the articles are still track, we still say $400

Matthias Miller  16:22
We're adjusting the due date, not the amount of cash down.

Speaker 1  16:25
Yes, correct. So maybe maybe this is maybe this methodology is probably not the right way to go. Maybe it's do you think it'd be better just done at the Wizzy? Point. So if so, in other words, a standard contract zero down would function just like any other contract type, it would calculate just like any other contract type, but it would cue the configurator to say this. So in order to send this sale off $0 is due at that moment,

Matthias Miller  16:57
right? That's, I believe that's correct, because it's gonna affect monthly your monthly totals and stuff.

Speaker 1  17:03
So would I be would I be correct in saying then if we took the contract type standard contract zero down, then we should, it should operate like a regular standard contract.

Matthias Miller  17:20
Yeah, so basically, you could copy the standard. Okay? Let's talk about finagle because it's fun to finagle the finagling solution right now is to tell me if this works, take the standard contract, copy the $0 down, make whatever changes you need to on that, and tell people to pay by cheque and then go in and delete the check payment.

Unknown Speaker  17:43
That's what we're doing now.

Matthias Miller  17:47
Yeah. And then you need to change the whiskey to yeah, there's not take any payment.

Speaker 1  18:00
Yeah. So would, would I be safe to say, let's have Nick go back and convert the zero down contract type to actually function like a regular contract? Yeah. And then that, then it would be I have to communicate once once we get Josh to tie this in. And that's just the communication process there.

Matthias Miller  18:30
Yeah, I think so. So basically, the only reason we do $0 down is because you'll get a different contract actual literal contract.

Speaker 1  18:37
You're getting an extra piece of paper with your regular contract.

Matthias Miller  18:40
Well, and you need to finagle it because the cash do is going to be it's still going to be $400, you need to tweak that cash new gets.

Speaker 1  18:51
Well, the contract the contract, the contract was the core contracts still the same. The I need the type in order to do the included right now the paperwork comes with every single contract, which is just ugly. But it because what I really want to do at this point, once once we do this, then the include if our $0 down addendum, I can make those required fields and say you have to sign it then because currently they're not required fields because not every contract has it. Right. So that's the that's the situation. Really. So yeah. Nick, can you make a note of that? You follow up you follow it all that ramblings and you summarize it for me in a couple sentences. So a zero down contract type needs to work just like a regular standard contract from a cow from the calculation standpoint. I need to type in order to include a document I need the type to queue the configurator to do a $0 value need to be inside of whiskey, but the type itself needs to function just like a regular standard contract alright any other questions you have around this RTO stuff, Nick, as you were asking about the invoice thing? Yeah, I don't think so. Oh, wait, we did the invoice also runs help report for payments. Okay, well, nevermind, it'd be the exact same question as the balance. So yeah, it's fine as it is No, I don't have any further questions

Speaker 1  21:01
so he did you have a Matthias, did you have something on your plate? Because um, I do have I want to dive into CRM stuff?

Matthias Miller  21:11
No, I don't have I don't think of anything.

Speaker 1  21:13
So I want to dive into how CRM works inside of the restricted user. I have not had a really a chance to see how it works because I'd have to go take over somebody's that actually. I'd have to go take over Marissa or Tori's account so I can see how their stuff works. But you probably had to do the same thing. Is that right?

Matthias Miller  21:33
I've made it I've been converting these so that I can basically run them. I don't know that I've converted all of them, but most of them so I can run them.

Speaker 1  21:41
Like in personation. Yeah. Okay, where are we? Where's the report?

Matthias Miller  21:51
It's this guy

Unknown Speaker  22:05
how do I pick one looking like?

Matthias Miller  22:08
I mean, you just just run the report. And I mean, there is no real impersonation, just click a report and then select the skills.

Speaker 1  22:17
Oh, gotcha. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. I'm an idiot. Now. Okay. Let's see. Marissa, Marissa, Marissa, Marissa, Marissa, where are you? Oh, there you are. Okay, so these are her to do's? Golly, that's a load of to do's today tomorrow. So all these up up top here overdue?

Speaker 1  22:55
So, Mike really wants to get brick and mortar dealers into the CRM? Have you had conversations with him about? Distributing leads? If we bring all dealers into the CRM that way, have you had any conversation like that?

Matthias Miller  23:21
No, I have no, I've had no conversation about bringing dealers in. I mean, so many leads, you're just assigning zip codes. Like if you for everybody else, I don't understand the issue.

Speaker 1  23:30
So it Okay, so it? Right, but I'm saying if they're being if those leads, okay, hold on a second. So if I act like on ginger to will i see opportunities there for her? No. Because you're not like, so. All leads are?

Matthias Miller  23:50
Good. I've heard good a good at this thing for me. If you wanted to work for somebody else, and we needed to go make those changes that worked for other dealers.

Speaker 1  23:59
So what So what I'm saying is that I think where Mike wants to go is bringing them into bringing all the brick and mortar dealers into CRM, so they can use the CRM as well. But do we do we want to say their lead entry is manual? Or do we want to start assigning the leads right in based on the zip code lists already?

Matthias Miller  24:24
Why would you send him right in?

Unknown Speaker  24:26
What does it take to make that happen?

Matthias Miller  24:29
Okay, two things. First of all, they're going to need report changes anyway. So that's it. I mean, go update your district with your zip code assignments. And make sure you've got sales reps set up for them.

Speaker 1  24:45
So that the zip codes and for North Carolina those are already those are already in correct. And they have their assignments. What type what brings the opportunities into the For the salesperson

Matthias Miller  25:05
opportunities it's good find all opportunities where are the opportunities we must look for the opportunities we must seize the opportunities we don't see us them they will get away from the data we get away so why is that blank? That should not be blank that's why it's blank. Or unclaimed. Oh, I get what it is. As I said this stuff is heavily here's good, here's what we should do. I should go through it's basically the type form script when it assigns the salesperson I don't know if it's assigning it Okay, now let me try one more thing.

Unknown Speaker  26:00
You're running a type form script

Matthias Miller  26:02
no sorry I'm making making things up look a little field I'm talking in very imprecise terms and it's gonna get me confused it's gonna get me in trouble if contact round robin dealer let's see if the round robin dealers assigned nope we don't have round robin dealers

Unknown Speaker  26:21
Where are you Where are you at where are you looking? What tabs

Matthias Miller  26:26
here I'm looking in the Custom Report tab

Matthias Miller  26:38
got it okay to threaten the districts being let's do

Matthias Miller  26:56
oh we have district let's do the Alright, let's go oh, that's Indiana there's a North Carolina one Wait Why is that our timeframes are designed to go to a single district so Indiana is going to be a different story we need to think through a little bit how that's gonna work but anyway North if we go over to North Carolina I mean for starters I don't know what zip code this is but let's look for Emily Grace

Speaker 1  28:02
do the search in the top right there you go oh, she was out of area sunny the maybe when you're assigning some you're assigning some dealership names. Like there's truepoint Chatham. Oh, here's

Matthias Miller  28:27
Mocksville

Unknown Speaker  28:28
I see Mocksville

Matthias Miller  28:30
Yeah. So it's just they don't have a I think what I have been doing I have been so my Typeform looks for the pound round robin. Okay, this is janky is everything we might need to start cleaning stuff up. But I needed a way to make them part of a round robin without and so the lb round robin in the summary says that they're part of the round robin. So if you would go add that to all the dealer names. I think they'd start getting assigned leads

Speaker 1  29:09
based on their zip code. Now, okay, so let's go. Hang on. Let me let me go back to Okay, so opportunities opportunities. Yeah, go back over here. Go back to there. Okay, so what I don't see on your but I don't see on your homepage. So right now, Marissa and Tori get all of their customer contacts based on imported leads. So you're gonna have dealers that need to be able to create a customer or a customer contact. Like person walks onto the lot

Matthias Miller  30:00
So you just need a new contact button.

Speaker 1  30:02
Yeah, probably. Unless, is there any way to do that there's no way to do an opportunity to contact the exact same time is there? A new opportunity doesn't.

Matthias Miller  30:15
I mean, we can make one. I mean, you could have an X 30 that prompts for all the information, you're on the x 30. And it goes and creates them.

Speaker 1  30:22
So if the short answer is if we did a button to create a new contact, and then you'd have to create the app, then you'd have to go create the opportunity and find that contact.

Matthias Miller  30:34
Correct. Or you could do or you can do new opportunity, you can click this to create the contact, you could. And then you have to choose customer. And make sure you assign it to yourself or claim the thing. Oh, you can't even click and claim the thing. And then create the contact.

Speaker 1  30:56
So if you save that, and then hit Back button, then then you will be right back at your opportunity again,

Matthias Miller  31:02
and then you would select that name and the opportunity

Speaker 1  31:06
would be well, okay, what would be involved in creating some kind of x 30 To make that a little bit cleaner? You'd have a

Matthias Miller  31:17
usually to get with Nick on what to prompt for. And then you'd have to Nick you'd have to create next 30 lists that prescribes the contact? And what happens if the contact already exists?

Speaker 1  31:31
Can you wait hold on a second? Can you create an opportunity from the contact record? You can Can't you create an incident now I thought you could create a contact I thought you could create an opportunity to save

Matthias Miller  31:44
content let's try this too

Unknown Speaker  31:51
Yeah, ah Darn it once it's already and then you can create it

Matthias Miller  31:58
well you just save it yeah and then oh you're saying

Speaker 1  32:01
once you save it so really then okay, so so so so yeah, the new contact button will be fine because you create you create your contact and create your opportunity off the contact correct

Matthias Miller  32:29
Okay, let's try that let's switch those around

Matthias Miller  32:41
content type is not available Oh, only because I am not creating the right type of record contacts boom how you like me now that was easy Yes, sir. While he's doing that, let's go see what other things might possibly break

Matthias Miller  33:24
as prompts current sales rep based on user email address, sales rep available sales reps it's an admin you can see all of them that's fine opportunities Actually, let's do this this one's required once requires it doesn't really matter think there's anything quotes sales would be the same thing wiki it's just nothing special. It's just restrictions dealer portal dealer referral coupon I don't believe there's anything magical about that. Perhaps the logo truepoint logo but that doesn't really matter.

Matthias Miller  34:34
Gonna take a look though as problems. Sorry, do the referral

Speaker 1  34:38
on riddle me. Can you can you multitask for a question while you're working? Your lead source? Can I use that for creating things like walk on phone call that kind of thing? Are those It is a user defined list. So I don't want to mess up something you've got going on.

Matthias Miller  35:05
I don't think we're using. I mean, I'm gonna radically populate them at some point based on Google versus Facebook. But

Speaker 1  35:17
Gotcha. If I add in the whatever the round robin hashtag round robin thing, that's not going to back populate for them, is it? No, it's

Matthias Miller  35:28
only going forward. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  35:30
So then, okay, got it.

Matthias Miller  35:35
But I do you have a clock in clock out thing, which if it's, if it's a single user, they can just stay clocked in. But if it's not, then they need to. If you want, for example, my my clock and people only get, you know, get exclusive leads. If you're the only person collecting you get exclusive leads. But they can just hit the clock in button and they'll stay clocked in. And it has nothing to do with time cards because I'm lazy that

Speaker 1  36:00
way. Riddle me this. Okay, so on the list of probably going to do some type of conversion of what you have going on over to my brick and mortar thing. Or maybe what Josh has got going, I don't know yet. But is there when I did it, number 10. On your list of of menu items there. It goes up underneath one. How do you how do you keep it? Well, that's why there's a shipping calculator called

Matthias Miller  36:28
9.1989 D. coupon. I'm gonna give me one second. That looks pretty generic. Okay, so basically, do you have that report? Or do you want to change it in here?

Unknown Speaker  36:44
Which one?

Matthias Miller  36:47
Let me go take a look at columns advanced. No, this is all in this one. Cockpit menu for lists. Ah,

Speaker 1  36:55
I got it. You and I need you and I need to schedule some time Nick and there's some stuff I need to start working on this thing. Sure. This one from Josh because he's He's tying some he's also tying in maybe actually maybe Matthias you want to think about this as well but He's tying in the the configurations into the cockpit so that you can literally drive straight out to the dealer portal into the configuration that you want from the restricted user access. So a couple of things like that but

Matthias Miller  37:36
okay, well

Unknown Speaker  37:37
what's what sorts What Sorts these things

Matthias Miller  37:41
here's what I would do zero what if we did just zero I think it's a tech sword and the list itself is sorted. So now you could go to 10 we do this and then what I'll do is I'll change the report to yank the

Unknown Speaker  37:58
yeah

Matthias Miller  38:01
and then here on the menu the name of Bob

Matthias Miller  38:15
zeros Baca ah brilliant.

Speaker 1  38:25
So now I can just keep adding if we're adding more stuff on there that it's Can you

Matthias Miller  38:32
please try to keep it under 99 under 100

Speaker 1  38:38
Brace and Tory wanted the shipping calculator so they could be able to calculate some external shipping or some extra shipping or so I went and grabbed it and stuck it on there.

Matthias Miller  38:49
Nice. Awesome. Good. Yeah, I mean, I think I think theoretically,

Unknown Speaker  38:58
it's pretty it's pretty straightforward then.

Matthias Miller  39:02
Make sure you get the sales rep set up at the hashtag Round Robin and make sure those are up to date. And is this just North Carolina? Do we need to handle Indiana because Indiana is a different ballgame.

Speaker 1  39:11
Indiana is not going to do it right away because they're they're deep more deeply entrenched in high level and Floyd's got his set up in a way that he really can he's doing SMS texting out of it and all kinds of are you doing SMS texting out of here?

Matthias Miller  39:26
Not out here No. But I moved everybody from three CX over to sales message

Unknown Speaker  39:34
I didn't know that.

Matthias Miller  39:37
Two years from now we're gonna move from our CRM to no I'm gonna I'm gonna shut my mouth shut my mouth. Yeah, there you go.

Speaker 1  39:44
Hold on. Oh, no repeat. You know you can't drop a half bomb got it? What are you What are you you're gonna move where?

Matthias Miller  39:52
Actually I'm not sure if I if we will. Two years from now we may explore the possibility of switching to something like Salesforce or HubSpot. Well, it depends what kind of automations we build out in the meantime.

Speaker 1  40:09
Well, if you're okay, so Salesforce, HubSpot high level, I don't know, if you're thinking and go in that direction. Why don't we go do it? Because high level, like from a from a user experience is really nice. Yeah. I'm sure Salesforce HubSpot. All of these are probably just as nice. I don't know. And you're thinking like web hooking stuff together? Is that what you're thinking?

Matthias Miller  40:43
I don't know. There's, I don't even want to think about it. Because then there's stuff like how does sale attribution and linking back to opportunity, you know, linking from our specific opportunities back to the original sale? How did those things actually work? And maybe it's not that terrible, but I don't know.

Speaker 1  41:09
All right. Um, so as far as opportunity, so, so, so I need to, I just need I needed to get with you and just just play with this thing. So I can I know, so I can train on it. Which makes me really nervous. Alright, so there's let me use Marissa. So here's a lead. Can I create? Can you create a to do from the lead? No, just from the opportunity. From the opportunity. I mean, that's what I meant. New. There's communications, new communication. Sorry. Do it again. Oh, follow up date. And that call Amy now got it. Okay. And then you put a date. Sorry. And that, that creates a date? Yeah, I mean, that that creates a follow up. Got it. Okay. Sweet. Okay, that's pretty straightforward. I like it. Can you create a communicate, you can't create a communication from there Kenya?

Matthias Miller  42:26
Know, but you could? Oh, yes. Well, I mean, you can click communications and new communication or you could ask, but why would you? I mean, most of the time, you're working in a tutor report and just hit the new communication button.

Speaker 1  42:39
So I don't know the way so you have so I'm currently sitting in Marisa and I've got a bunch of leads in her list here.

Matthias Miller  42:50
So you can just hit new communication right here. Boom.

Speaker 1  42:53
Yeah, so whatever whatever one you're clicked on and highlighted then you click new communication in it. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  43:01
Okay, that makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  43:05
How are you searching leads? So, how like customer calls in how are they finding them?

Matthias Miller  43:15
I have no idea. I mean, phone number name. Just searching the name here. Hi, this is Bill. Sure. Let me find you Bill. Hey, Bill.

Speaker 1  43:26
Can we do Can we can we add a freeform field in the in the in the Ask prompts that search through contacts or some some way of like so you can hit that like customer calls and you can hit that and just drop a name and then it's going to give you everything that generally matches up?

Matthias Miller  43:45
Why not just this? Because I'm stupid. That's why haha, don't take it personally. It's not your fault.

Unknown Speaker  43:55
Not your fault. Whose fault is it?

Matthias Miller  44:07
Gonna throw your parents under the bus. There is no good answer to your question. Dwayne. Would you agree that you're not stupid? Okay, let's go

Unknown Speaker  44:21
so if I'm getting no matches by hitting that contact list, does that mean that the contact is not assigned to Marissa? Yeah. Got it. So let me let me put in Victoria still not hid why not?

Matthias Miller  44:41
What are you searching for?

Speaker 1  44:42
My name? My name shows up in the context. And I know I've done these before.

Matthias Miller  44:47
Yeah, but you're probably closed out or I don't know what you're okay. Huh

Speaker 1  45:00
Should we have a context search like a context search report? Like you right now you're driving only from opportunities right?

Matthias Miller  45:10
Why would you need a contact if they don't have enough? I mean, okay in our world we never have a contact without an opportunity but

Speaker 1  45:19
yeah, but I'm just thinking of forwards and backwards ways to get to an opportunity because you can get two opportunities that are on that contact record right?

Unknown Speaker  45:29
Yeah

Speaker 1  45:36
All right, well, well I'm not that's fine. I'm just just asking questions.

Matthias Miller  45:43
I'm not sure the need but if there is a need then

Speaker 1  45:47
take a look at the need. Do you actually kind of cool so we add a third Well, this is only gonna be for people who have big screens If you selected a if we selected it actually had a third pane with a contact record as well. So you have communication record? Wait a second.

Matthias Miller  46:04
Yeah, that's actually a great great point. Maybe we should do a bonus for the salespeople. I'm going to I'm going to is worth doing myself online sales people the moment you close what should the number be? The moment you close X amount, I'm going to drop ship your 4k monitor. He and first first I'm going to pay I'm gonna go buy you a tuner dollar headset.

Speaker 1  46:36
Riddle me this what if what if we added well okay, so looking at this I this is just me speaking YouTube full of holes, whatever. But if it was me, if I click that opportunity, I would I would want to see the contact record the communication record and the opportunity record on the right hand side

Matthias Miller  46:57
that's just me. Contact record communication record. Why do you need to see the cut? I mean you have the phone number here. You really need to see the communication record or the contact record.

Unknown Speaker  47:11
Well, what if I want to get their email and you got to drill in

Matthias Miller  47:15
and we should add an email button or you go into the

Speaker 1  47:18
well, okay, that being said, I don't think I'm going to use your same one I mean, I know I'm not going to use your same one because there's stuff on here that that not really that's not really worth for the brick and mortar people but

Matthias Miller  47:41
I'm gonna ask so maybe you want it I don't know

Speaker 1  47:50
All right, well, I mean I can do I can do that that these are all still user reports right?

Matthias Miller  47:55
Yeah. Okay Oh, I'm Nick,

Unknown Speaker  48:14
would you have time what what is your next week look like?

Matthias Miller  48:25
Mostly open.

Speaker 1  48:27
I've got a couple of calls on Monday and Wednesday afternoon but mostly open. Um, I want to block out about hour to hour and a half with you to start working on the one that hold on one second. This doin? Do you have money do you have time up on Monday? What brackets time do you have open Monday? Monday morning. Say 930 to

Unknown Speaker  49:37
1230 Eastern time

Speaker 1  49:43
Google has become a pain in the butt about logging me out. 930 you said? Yeah, let's plan on it 30 Perfect. All right. And I can start winning. We can start niggling some of this. Combining some of this up, okay. I'm never supposed to be some urgent or talk was talking about my week has been just a head spinner well Oh, you wanted to talk about Austin? Yes.

Matthias Miller  51:09
Austin said he doesn't have headspace for this month, we need some clear definition. We're getting to the end of the of what he's actually would need to be doing. For his sake. I don't really know where I was. I was kind of the one pushing for this anyway. So I don't really know there's much to change. But just FYI, more than anything,

Speaker 1  51:33
what's, what's the what? Okay, talk to me about what his concern is.

Matthias Miller  51:38
He likes to know exactly what he needs to be doing and what the final outcome should look like, and what's expected of him. And we haven't defined any of that for him. Kind of did.

Speaker 1  51:51
I mean, the first step was he was going to, I mean, there were some changes that were going to be there, you're going to make to the wiki stuff. And then he was going to do technical documentation.

Matthias Miller  52:01
There is there, there's a spectrum of people, there are the you and I who are very okay, and work well with the hand wavy, make things up as we go.

Speaker 1  52:13
I know where you're going with this. And then there are people that need to know exactly it precisely.

Matthias Miller  52:21
Okay. So, you know, I think actually, a better use of time could be you and I make to make get together and make a big outline of, okay, what are the big buckets and then within all the little buckets, what are all the actions and steps that need to be documented. And make an outline of these are all the tasks that need to be documented. And then then it's a matter of then your job is get on a call with Dwayne and have him walk you through all of these scenarios and steps and record how to do it. And then after you're done with the call, turn them turn these also into step by step written instructions if we want that, and there we go.

Matthias Miller  53:07
Or it's a I don't know what it is exactly.

Speaker 1  53:26
So are you saying we still push hard on going forward that or pause and wait till sometime quarter one next year?

Matthias Miller  53:37
Well, it came to me because he's been working on doing this documentation internally and then should have you I think, I think we should just take a step back. Is this documentation important to you? I think the answer is yes. The next question is, what is your schedule your ideal schedule for this? And then based on that, and or based on another question, which is who should do this?

Speaker 1  54:07
Okay, so Okay, okay, let's back up here a second and say, what would be really valuable? Like, as a first step is straightforward, technical documentation, like for example, building record all these fields on here, what do they do? So you have manufacturer price, what does manufacturer price mean? How what are the calculations behind it? What is the retail price How is retail price generated for like, those kinds of documentations documenting the pricing? Transmogrifier whatever thing that thing is, I don't how much like if it was straightforward technical documentation on some key details, screen records. That will be a huge step forward. But but probably not don't necessarily need a ton of involvement from me what

Matthias Miller  55:03
I don't? Well, I think basically, we would put together an outline and then you're like, hey, Dwayne, do you explain this, you and explain that? What about this thing? Like the build date? Yeah, we kind of understand it. But that's also in Josh's head. Or like the deadline date? Maybe? It's not clear to somebody just looking from the outside with a deadline date. It's for case in point.

Speaker 1  55:22
Yeah. Because if we if you Oh, man, that is a rabbit hole. Because if we if we fall down the deadline, date rabbit hole them, we got to talk about how things are, how deadline dates are chosen, and how lead times work. And I mean, all this stuff is tremendously valuable to have documented. So I guess it does involve me. And Mark, can we go to quarter one, please?

Matthias Miller  55:48
Do you want to hear it? Let's do this. Ellis, Josh, Duane,

Unknown Speaker  55:58
bring Mark into this conversation.

Matthias Miller  56:02
Mark? q1, Dev. Dev priorities. Gents for q1 Dev priorities,

Speaker 1  56:14
make sure you should make sure you are clear about who's the expected person so we're not talking about Josh or you or is Ellis

Matthias Miller  56:23
maintaining the list? I am.

Unknown Speaker  56:27
Okay. Even the incident list.

Matthias Miller  56:29
Know the list of all the depth priority list.

Unknown Speaker  56:33
You mean in our incidents?

Matthias Miller  56:35
I don't know. Which, who determines the agenda for you know what the items show what items show up for under priorities, the priorities conversation?

Speaker 1  56:43
I mean, that's been kind of our side, we've been pushing these things for you, Mark. Yeah, Mark and I have have the primary responsibility for it.

Matthias Miller  56:53
Okay, so Dwayne slash mark. We have been working internally on improving our documentation of the software software solutions we have developed we think we think this would be valuable or assist. However it involves Dwayne and may involve myself as well. Well, however it likely involves some senior stakeholders to get it done if this is a wanted to raise this to you all in case you wanted to explore it for the q1 priority meeting so good yeah. Good. Rockin

Speaker 1  58:11
so Riddle me this. This is backing up now back to to we'll come back to that in just one second. I was thinking about your sales rep. Summary hashtag a round robin thing Yep. Should we not make that more legit

Matthias Miller  58:34
um yes, we should

Speaker 1  58:39
I'm a little bit of a little afraid there's enough people that touch these sales sales reps records and any any like that's way too easy somebody look at that and go what is that thing that seems silly thing they're just yanks it out by accident.

Matthias Miller  58:53
Yeah, we should. So let's let's spec it out quick. new change request for CCUSA zfp is Yfp preferably TNM signed neck and ad sales rep round robin field fields. We ever hire a sales lady named Robin this will be interesting.

Matthias Miller  59:34
It's Friday, okay. Give me a break.

Speaker 1  59:36
Indeed. DT is

Matthias Miller  59:42
on the contact. Contact record if the contact is a sales rep at the following checkboxes include in okay, there's two fields I need

Unknown Speaker  59:58
one is Janet. Round Robin.

Matthias Miller  1:00:01
Yeah. Are you included in the

Speaker 1  1:00:09
Yeah, exactly. What is the what is the clock in thing Do I mean besides the fact that we? Yeah, good

Matthias Miller  1:00:15
So, okay, so first of all, if you say you're proud of round robin, let's let's just imagine a straight round robin straight round robin. Every lead. Every other lead goes to Marissa one every other goes to Tori 24/7. Well, what about Saturdays? And what about Fridays and Saturdays Friday today Tory's often working tomorrow? Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:34
they get so they get round robin based on whether they're clocked in or

Matthias Miller  1:00:37
not. Yeah, and actually, it's not technically clocked in because technically, Tory Tory is probably going to wake up tomorrow morning and reassign a bunch of leads herself. But technically, Marissa, could, I mean, Tory could clock in at 5pm to get exclusive leads until whatever but because Marissa is clocked in she gets exclusive leads right now.

Matthias Miller  1:01:06
What if we would do this?

Speaker 1  1:01:07
So before you before you go too much further with this? Should we go ahead? And like, I don't know how much you brought this idea from Mike. Mike talked to me about it. But this idea that we could expand the dealer radius to say 50 to 100 miles, but they only get X amount of leads inside of a day. Even remember this concept?

Matthias Miller  1:01:33
Yeah. I mean, but then we could have a, we could have a

Speaker 1  1:01:44
so if you tell me if you tell me this concept would not be hard to go ahead and implement. I'd really like to give Mike a win on this one, because he's moaning right

Matthias Miller  1:01:53
now. Yeah. So then you would give okay, but hang on? Do they get exclusive leads within 10 miles and split leads within? 50?

Speaker 1  1:02:06
No, so Okay, well, okay. So this is this is my understanding of the concept. So we would go in, and we would say, standard radius for X dealership, let's say 50 miles, but you only get

Matthias Miller  1:02:25
you never get more than five leads today.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:27
Right? But a calendar

Matthias Miller  1:02:28
day, is it per business day? Or per working day? I guess it doesn't. Well, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:02:44
Her I don't have a really strong opinion on that. And here's the here's a little little stinky thing that I don't quite know what to do with. So you come in in the morning, and five leads hit your inbox, Bam, done. That's all you get for the day. And so you chug through those and nothing more comes in for the rest of the day. Like, or the next day, you come in, and it's like, one comes in the morning. One comes in the afternoon, one comes in, you know, three come in the rest in the late afternoon. Some dealers gonna go, Well, what's going on here? Because it seems you know, it is.

Matthias Miller  1:03:28
Well, we can give them I don't know. Sad thing is we can do anything

Unknown Speaker  1:03:38
with enough time and money

Matthias Miller  1:03:46
this is what okay. So so what we could do is we could say, well, well, okay, but really, Dwayne, most of the leads half the leads come in in the evening. So if we would, if we would say that how would we do this? If we would say that

Speaker 1  1:04:06
okay, hold on. Did Did did. Did you have any conceptual conversation around this with Mike like, what is? I didn't I didn't either. So I guess what I'm trying to understand is what are we trying to solve for is it like so you can go back dealers and say, FYI, we've now given you a five mile radius, and we're going to say we're only going to give you X amount of leads per day, but if you know if you start getting really really hungry, or whatever, you know, we could give you know, I guess we can adjust that flow. Is that the

Matthias Miller  1:04:35
vehicle Mike and see if he could hop on this?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:46
Does he have the phone number to your code house? Yes. You've reached Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:06:20
yeah I'm not sure where he's at I tried to see if he's at the house but I don't know the answer I can put you over to his

Speaker 1  1:06:31
sorry if you happen to walk in and the next five What's your cutoff time? Matthias

Matthias Miller  1:06:40
I've got gotten to the bottom of the hour but

Speaker 1  1:06:47
between now and 230 tonne did call my phone's Okay, the core concept to this thing Matthias is actually like, super simple. Like we want to based on the radius, we want to say how many lead flow how many leads per day do you get? And I say we can we can we create some like an app posting record that that governs this thing that says, here's the amount of about per day, here's the like, and then we pick the days for it. Like is it is it every day of the week? Is it weekdays is it you know?

Matthias Miller  1:07:33
Well I mean, we could say I mean we give you an RG Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday Saturday, can you see how many leads you get?

Speaker 1  1:07:47
Or should this go should this go on the sales rep record?

Matthias Miller  1:07:54
I was thinking the sales rep record

Speaker 1  1:07:56
so then in other words, you could sit so you could govern this based on the sales rep.

Matthias Miller  1:08:01
You Yeah, but we don't do we don't even know what we want yet. We don't know if it's every day we don't have it some days we don't know if it's a fixed number. We don't know if it's variable number we don't know if it's a

Speaker 1  1:08:12
well I mean I think it's gonna be a fixed number if you do it on a per sales rep basis this becomes really really simple. So you say I want to give you X amount of leads per day and if you make this RG the same RG that we'd say whether they hit round robin or not well then we can basically make it all into one RG

Matthias Miller  1:08:30
Okay, let's try this so this works great for your dealers then how do I

Speaker 1  1:09:24
oh you need you need something that says that does? Well, I mean, you just set the number high enough.

Matthias Miller  1:09:32
Oh, I'm gonna get a lot blank. It's gonna be optional, which means New Mexico

Speaker 1  1:09:37
so blank means no maximum. And really everything that that does not like if you reach your max per dealership, the overflow goes to online salespeople, right?

Matthias Miller  1:09:48
Yeah. Yeah. Well, we don't have it but we don't have a way to model the overflow currently.

Matthias Miller  1:10:12
Would you almost want? Actually, here's where the district would make more sense, or the dealer would. Here's the other way to think about it

Matthias Miller  1:10:25
you would have a primary dealer, maximum leads secondary dealer.

Speaker 1  1:10:31
Genius. So if you've made sure if you reach your maximum, then you then you evaluate for your SEC before your for your secondary, right? Yeah. Here's Mike.

Speaker 2  1:10:44
Michael. Amen. Michael, did I miss a call?

Speaker 1  1:10:47
Yeah, we're got Matthias. And Nick, here, we're looking at making some changes in order to prep for your desire to bring dealers into CRM and restricted user platform. And at the same time, we've got this little idea in our head to go about since we have to make some changes as to how we define whether it's being done on a rather ad hoc basis right now, to define whether a person's in the round robin or not. So we want to go in and actually make this a defined process, which then we got to talking about, well, hey, if we're gonna go define this process, what if we go ahead and define for the process of large radius has limited lead flow per day to brick and mortar dealers? So Matthias? Well, no, Mike. So tell me one of the one of the questions we're trying to quantify for is just some of the vision behind how we see this working, what is to really make sure that we're getting the best performance out of this concept. So give us give us kind of the 10,000 foot view of how you see this thing working.

Speaker 2  1:12:10
So right now we have just a small little radius that we're driving those leads to is, is pretty sporadic, so most of the time they're getting zero leads. And then occasionally, they'll have a little spot where they get maybe maybe one week, maybe, and then maybe skip a week, well, maybe about one a week, on an average, probably just not I think we have resources there that we could utilize in a small way to be very efficient, effective on its small. Well, if we were able to broaden that net, and just determine like, well, backing up, I'm making too many words. So what ideally would I have, ideally, broaden the net to where I would have capabilities to give each brick and mortar dealer. For this month, I would have a vision of giving them one per day one lead, that would be Mocksville, South Boston, and Chatham, possibly Henry, three or four places one lead per day, seems like they could very efficiently handle a lead per day and be very effective on it. So being able to increase, not be limited to just the little 10 or 15 miles but able to spread out to make so that I can give them a lead per day each one. But it would be in a radius somehow. And and well, yes, be in a radius that would be relevant to them. Close enough to their lot, hopefully, as close as we can to where the customer would most likely still be willing to drive to the lot if necessary. Teams are most effective, the closer they are, the better. But and also the other thing, it would be really nice if we could be sure to drive only leads to them during some time throughout their working hours, so that they're getting closely, but only when they're actually there to where they can respond if they're not there. And then it becomes probably not as effective. So how could we set this up to where they get one liter day? It's one of the closer leads to their lot and it's within their working hours. is an ideal situation now maybe it's not very doable. Maybe there's some programming things that make more sense to change things up or ideas. So from the side of the techie side, looking for some feedback?

Matthias Miller  1:15:20
Well, a very simple example would be, they get the first lead during working working hours, that's within 50 miles of them. And if somebody if they get that lead at 10 o'clock, and somebody at noon, five miles down the road posts, the lead that still goes to the online sales team, and they miss out

Unknown Speaker  1:15:44
are you able to hear that, Mike?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:47
I am, and I'm thinking through this.

Matthias Miller  1:15:54
The The alternative would be to say that they get what they they get all leads within their current zip code. So they still get that one a week. Beyond that in the 50 mile radius.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:07
Like that, no. Finished finish. That's kind of a

Speaker 2  1:16:11
so what's really good idea because that what that does, that we know, with history, that there's virtually none within 15 miles. I mean, there's just maybe one a week, we've we've tested that now for weeks. And so we know that. And if we made that we kept that in place, but just enlarge that a nest of where they would get a lead outside a lead outside of that net, that 15 miles per day. And yeah, go ahead, finish that with Matthias.

Matthias Miller  1:16:47
Yeah. Okay. So the new rules will be this, they always get the leads within their 15 miles. And then they always get the first lead from within the 50 mile radius, the first lead during business during their business hours, from within a 50 mile radius.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:06
How would you how would you define for that Mathias?

Matthias Miller  1:17:11
Well, you have zip code. So I think what you would say is that the 50 mile zip codes would be assigned to them no overflow, and the first 50 miles and then the other zip codes within 50 miles would be assigned to them with an overflow with a maximum of one lead per day, and an overflow assigned to them.

Speaker 1  1:17:31
So are you expecting that I would be building two different dealership radiuses that we would then we would define as the zip code? Yeah. Okay. So just to clarify, to make sure we're on the same page, so initial current radius, that they have 15, whatever it is, 15 miles, whatever we currently have, they get all leads inside of that in the next 15 to 50 mile radius, they would get the first lead during their business hours from that radius. So in other words, they would they would have an opportunity to get the one lead per day from that timeframe. Mike, are you expecting that we would have a defining field that would say, Okay, you get one, but you the next person, we may say, we can start to play with that on a per person basis, outside of their initial ring? Or are you expecting a global setting?

Speaker 2  1:18:41
You're saying, Do you want Mike, do you want to be able to repeat that number, but say, a one of these brick and mortar dealers has a closed rate of 50% on the leads that we give them? And we say, Wow, when we give you to eat? Right, you're correct, correct. I think we should have edit ability to do that. If and we watch the close rate, and we watch how they do it that lead. If they're very good at it, we could consider that but it would be contingent on your closerie.

Speaker 1  1:19:17
So Matthias, you're thinking NRG? Go back to our idea of the RG on the sales rep record.

Matthias Miller  1:19:25
Yeah, okay. So on the on the sales rep. So, on each ZIP code, we would say this zip code can be configured one of three, one of two ways one, it can be it can go to a single dealer or it can go to a primary dealer and then to an overflow dealer. And then on the round robin, we would say overflow leads after you know, well it would be maximum leads per day. Here's what I think would be simplest is if they get a 15 mile lead on a day They won't get additional leads that day. But if they first get a lead from the 15 to 50, and then a lead comes in within 15 miles, they might get two leads that day. Depending on the order,

Speaker 1  1:20:13
so you're so you're saying to potentially restrict how many they could get inside their 50 mile radius as well? No,

Matthias Miller  1:20:20
I'm saying. Basically, if they've used up, if they've used up their lead quota, and they have an overflow defined, then we would feed it off to the overflow. But if they don't have an overflow, then it doesn't go to the overflow. So practically, what does this mean? If, if the 15 mile, if the next door neighbor calls first thing in the morning, and they and they get that lead, and then later that then that is their lead for the day. But if if they open up shop, and somebody in the 15 to 50 submits a lead, they get that lead because they don't have one today yet. And then later in the morning, the next door neighbor says, I want to shed they punch it in, there is no overflow for the 15 mile. That's the situation when they would get two leads that day. That makes sense.

Speaker 1  1:21:10
So okay, so let's, let's, let's be more extreme. So you're saying, in that scenario, if 20 came in inside of their 50 mile radius, they would get those 20 leads?

Matthias Miller  1:21:22
Correct, because there's no overflow for those leads,

Speaker 1  1:21:24
because there's no referral for their for their initial ring, the 15 mile ring.

Matthias Miller  1:21:28
Yeah, and so the ideal world would be those 20 Don't call before noon. And so they get or they don't call before 10 o'clock. And so they have somebody in the 15 to 50, who punches the lead, and then they get the 20. So they'd have a total of 21 leads that day.

Speaker 2  1:21:47
That makes sense. Nothing changes on the 50 mile radius, that that stays just the way it's now but we're gonna say, with this with this scenario, we're gonna, we're gonna make sure that you get a lead per day. Through the expansion. I understand. I agree with that. Okay, there's a way to do that.

Matthias Miller  1:22:09
Yeah, I think that's actually relatively easy to.

Matthias Miller  1:22:18
And then the 50 mile radius again, would it would just be treated as and then and then if they're not clocked in it would overflow automatically. Which is just the same as any other.

Speaker 1  1:22:37
Well, do you? Do we want to do we want to go ahead and put a hours record on dealership or sales rep in some way. So that or do you want them clocking in to actually be fined?

Matthias Miller  1:22:54
Here's what I really want for my salespeople. I want them to have a weekday as a is active checkbox. I want to be able to have rotating schedules is active. Start Time. morning start time. Morning and time. Afternoon start time, afternoon end time. And so for Tori, what Tori would do is she'd have to scheduled for Friday to scheduled for Saturday. Well, actually just the schedule for Friday and Saturday, she could turn her Friday and Saturday schedules on and off as she alternates weekends

Matthias Miller  1:23:39
rather than literally using clock in clock out times.

Speaker 1  1:23:51
So you are suggesting doing some kind of defined spreadsheet?

Matthias Miller  1:23:56
Yes, on a per sales rep basis. I'm suggesting that we based on weekday we define a morning schedule and an afternoon schedule. And you know, they're open the whole day, then it's just morning noon, noon to noon to closing or whatever it is.

Speaker 1  1:24:09
And then so you don't evaluate for a clock in or clock out then

Matthias Miller  1:24:14
no. And if somebody is going to be out then they need to. Well, I mean, maybe for my people, I might still have a

Matthias Miller  1:24:29
I haven't thought about that. What how do you deal with Flex flex schedules?

Speaker 1  1:24:32
Well, that's what I'm saying because they have no way nor do we probably want them to edit their own schedule.

Matthias Miller  1:24:38
Why did we say that? What were you thinking why did I get down the line that schedule would be important to have

Speaker 1  1:24:45
because of time of day that they're actually in to refer him for a brick and mortar dealer to say for overflow or not overflow or or get that lead or not get that lead we want them to be in when they get it?

Matthias Miller  1:24:59
Well they need to go in and clock in and clock in, they need to go in and clock in. And if they forget to clock out, we can add automation automatically clocks out dealers same time every day.

Speaker 1  1:25:08
Not a bad idea. But then what happens? What happens if a dealer decides to stay late?

Matthias Miller  1:25:14
Oh, we clocked him in way late. I don't know. I mean, the main thing we can't get we clocked him out at midnight every night. Sure.

Speaker 2  1:25:25
And then, and then if we did that, all brick and mortar dealers are not working on a Wednesday. Three, and then they would just not clock in that day because it would show up and then they wouldn't be in that round robin for that day, right?

Matthias Miller  1:25:43
That's right.

Speaker 1  1:25:44
Oh, but hold on, hold on. Oh, hold on a second. Matthias, why can't Okay. So, man, so the 50 mile range should actually be able to overflow in some way for a day when the dealer is off.

Matthias Miller  1:26:03
Okay, I'm gonna have to sorry, I'm gonna have to drop. Do you want to

Speaker 2  1:26:10
there's so little leads in that 50 Man, I see what you're seeing. I'm just it makes it really complicated. I mean, cool if that could happen.

Matthias Miller  1:26:20
I have Dwayne June, June and nail that down with with Mike and you can let me know what you conclude. I don't think it's it sounds like it's inconsequential. But

Speaker 1  1:26:32
okay, my two seconds with either yay or nay? Like, is it for first for first rollout? Can we go without that? Like

Speaker 2  1:26:42
I would suggest for first rollout. We have history that there's such a small amount of leads flowing in, in the 50 mile


Transcribed by https://otter.ai