Matthias Miller  02:05
Good morning. Good morning, Marisa. Is everybody doing good? How are you?

Unknown Speaker  02:14
Doing? Well, I'm doing very good.

Matthias Miller  02:19
Good morning, Michael. Good morning.

Matthias Miller  02:29
We'll give Tory a few minutes to come on here solidly.

Speaker 1  02:46
But we wait on Tori. Marissa, how was in one minute summary of yesterday? And would you? Would you say there's Are there any more customers in the current pipeline? Yeah. That you have the feeling that, you know, are getting close to coming across the finish line? Or you seem to have a pretty good, you know, sense of that anymore of sort of where the customers what stages the customers are at?

Speaker 2  03:23
Yeah, that's a good question. Yesterday was good. Michael. I had a customer who reached out earlier in the week with an inquiry name's Rob Snowden, and got him a quote for the Glenview. And he's a very, I believe he is a qualified lead that would lead to a seer a good sale. He was he wants a logistics visit. He requested the color samples, which you guys sent out his way. So he's planning, he's not going to be, you know, quick, two day turnaround kind of sale. But I think by the end of next week, offering him the, you know, locking his price in once Randall comes by, I think once all those things kind of line up for him, he'll be able to close on his deal. He wants a bigger building too. So it's going to be another one of those in the teens. Price points for him. So he's been, you know, I've been investing a lot of time and making sure to, like, share with him information and getting him the info he wants. So yeah, we're very strongly there with that gentleman. I think the rest of the quotes I have two other folks that are interested in smaller buildings, but they seem less serious and they are more price shopping. So just trying to stay up with them to make sure that they know you know what the value they're getting in the quality of that smaller building compared to pre chopping around so a lot of voicemails, a lot of emails unanswered at this point, I think it's everybody's feeling busy this time of year, but just trying to leave those friendly reminders for people to reach back out to us.

Speaker 1  05:12
Good. Is that person you were talking about early on the guy enrichment?

Speaker 2  05:17
Oh, yeah, yeah. Enrichment Yep, that package went to a little. He went so far as to send shares of his property, Michael. So I think he's one of the more interested people.

Speaker 1  05:34
Good. I did a little shift this time and wanted to test see the effectiveness of this, but shifted to send out much larger samples this go around, so going to see if that maybe gives a more of a perception and maybe more of a connection to our product in the finish. And the colors also included that new rock printed on it, so they can do Wayne's coat on as well. So he'll be he'll be seen. That's awesome. gTLD there.

Unknown Speaker  06:07
Now, definitely good, good feedback.

Speaker 1  06:11
And if that if this proves to work fairly well, to get people connected, getting an actual big package in the mail that's got big, you know, sample physical samples in it and gets, if it is proved to be effective, we could definitely set up to do this on a more efficient scale and to offer this efficiently. But

Speaker 2  06:33
yeah, that makes sense. He was far enough away. He talked about driving down to Chatham or even said I'll go as far as South Boston no worries soon to see the colors of the buildings but and I welcomed him to do so I was like, yeah, if you want to take a little road trip this weekend, you know, drive on down and, and talk with the Chatham team, I'm sure they'd love to walk around a building with you and show you all the features not to lose the sale from the online side. But just to give them the opportunity to you know, see something in person and in my sale is a sale. So hopefully, we'll keep them on the online side with that package. But if if it's a transition to a lot, he'll probably head to Calvin and Chatham and and talk with him to. Okay, yeah. I think vinyl and metal, Michael are the only two sample options that I've been asked for. I don't think anyone has asked for the smart siding, paint colors, because I think they're looking at those pretty easily online. But I think just the specificity of matching with vinyl, maybe in an HOA or something like that. And then the designer metal, I think folks have a little bit more of a creative struggle of wrapping their head around what the print looks like. And they just want to make sure they pick the right tone. So if we do scale up any type of efficiency with packages or a kit that goes out I think those would be the two most prominent probably designer metal first and then maybe followed by maybe followed by vinyl

Speaker 1  08:15
that will make sense because we do have a unique product that they're not just finding any where it would be would make a whole lot of sense that oh, well what is this? You know, how does it look? And you know, that's great. Any niche out for

Speaker 2  08:35
sure I don't have any questions, I will make sure that you know, I stay in touch if I do but so far, my main focus today being that it's a Friday, Fridays have been really good for getting people on the phone. So I'm gonna try my my darndest to get some voicemails to not be voicemails, and so he picks up, that'd be good. They seem to answer Tori and I are noticing folks seem to answer like kind of after 230 You know, maybe some first shift or folks if they're working early shift their home at that point or kind of getting back from school for some of the ladies with their kiddos. So what I tried to do is get as many of the emails knocked out in the morning to kind of prep the folks for you know, I'm going to be calling you later and then shooting those calls in that like Prime Time lunch as well. Lunch has also been good if I can get folks to pick up between like 11 and 12 or 11 in any one o'clock but 1230 and try to stop calling them at that point and then wait till the afternoon

Speaker 1  09:48
good, seems exciting to hear that. We start to see trends and are able to navigate the system specifics that seemed to be most effective, and you know, elaborate in that and start improving that and utilizing more and more time and things that work and listen to things that.

Speaker 2  10:11
Yeah, for sure. It's definitely been a incredible learning curve, because I feel like we're all learning new things each time we test something new. But it's been a really neat learning experience to vet some of these things. I appreciate that you guys have so much trust and freedom in Tori and I to, you know, kind of take stabs at things and see what works, and then provide the feedback to the team for decision making. I really liked that group, email Matthias, you sent yesterday for keeping everyone involved in an update on sales. That's, that's awesome. It will be so helpful to just kind of continue to share that information. If we were to, Michael, what are your thoughts? As far as if we were to? How would I phrase this? From a reporting perspective for the Online team? Is there anything more you need from us in the pipeline? I know that always seems like it's a big, dark. It's an unknown space, because it's just it's a lot of names. It's a lot of information. There's no it's on all the conversations, but is there anything we can do to help you kind of visualize the pipeline or you know, the conversations we feel are stronger than others? I don't want you to feel like you're in the dark and just, you know, trusting our word on this one person or another, I want you to see the contact record or whatever we could send over.

Speaker 1  11:45
Like, maybe there would be interesting to see maybe just a snapshot of the CRM and reports there maybe once a week. Would that be easy to do or difficult to do?

Matthias Miller  12:06
Like, I wonder if the right thing to do here is to I believe there's already some kind of discipline, then you have some kind of automation for reports.

Speaker 1  12:22
There's all sorts of automation, but specifically for pulling this information? I don't think so. But I'm sure he could easily set up to where he would pull on the phone manual. Work well, for me if that was possible, but I don't want to chart I don't want to pay somebody up. A Matthias for a setting that up? You often

Matthias Miller  12:52
think, Well, the biggest question would be some of these reports are already written. So it might not be that difficult to actually get them. Get them to you. Would you be looking for just a list of the opportunities and their statuses? Would you be looking for more detail in the communication records?

Speaker 2  13:16
Something that I was record? Yeah, that's what I was thinking of, for Michael's perspective, is being able to see objections. And some, you know, if we, we have a sale coming, it's coming. It's coming regardless. But like if we have folks that are on the fence about something I really have been learning from a lot of your suggestions, Michael. And so I wanted to showcase to you like, Okay, here's a list of qualified leads. And here have been some of their objections just like quick at a glance, so that you could say, hey, let's try this and just kind of use your experience to maybe pull some more of those clients across the line. And that was more my thought process and asking that question is, if I can send you a summary of folks I'm working with and I'm like, I'm doing my best, but I'm wondering what you think, you know, are there other avenues to take with these folks, and just give you like a quick summary you could think on and then just offer a couple of, you know, experience in the industry type of sales points.

Speaker 1  14:14
That would make a whole lot of sense. Yeah. You're thinking like, more down the lines of, oh, this week, I have 10 people on my list that are actively engaged, but they all have objections that we're just trying to navigate and trying to try to maybe just some suggestions on these 10 Yep. It's not the ones that are, you know, not even responding or responding one time and

Speaker 2  14:41
yeah, I view it kind of like mentorship and coaching really, as we go through the experience, because once they're quoted, and they aren't, as, you know, quick to say, Yeah, I'm gonna buy this building. That's where I feel like the mentorship and coaching really comes into help. I know. I'll go From that, I think Toria would go from that. It'll just help us continue to get better at approaching client objections. So what I would imagine is maybe might be a teeny bit manual, maybe for the first go round. But I mean, I can take a list that I have that's quoted and quickly identify, you know, five or six of them. Yeah, perfect. So looking at this list, there's a lot that are quoted that are no longer interested or they just have stopped responding. But then there are some out here that have, and I view them as still, like a higher priority quoted clients. And then also above that list is the qualified leads, these are the folks that have had a phone conversation, or they've been texting. And some of them have objections. They're just some of it's just very anecdotal. And so I wanted to try to present it in a way that we can skim the cream off the top and address some of those anecdotal concerns with

Speaker 1  16:06
what if we did like a one week test on this and learn from it, it's like, really successful, we could maybe go into some more systematic, efficient manner of doing it, but we took a week, now through next Friday, and just once a day, maybe in the afternoon, once a day, just shoot me like, What happened that day from objections that you heard from customers that day? And we'll get them other fresh? And we'll just shoot me an email. I'll just respond. Yeah. And if it seems to be helpful, and we find it to be, you know, I think we could do some reporting that I could have visibility this automatically through the CRM every day or whatever, where you wouldn't have to be doing this. And we could add that little piece of interest.

Unknown Speaker  17:03
Sure. I think great. Thoughts on that? Okay, well, why don't we try it with if you have you have any input on that.

Matthias Miller  17:12
That sounds fantastic. This ties into another spreadsheet I just sent over to you. But I've been thinking a little bit about numbers and how to how to run numbers and work numbers. And this gives us some benchmark for how to how we should write, I don't know exactly where these numbers are at. But if we're targeting a sale every other day, I'm at 20 days, and we're averaging a ticket price of 12k, then we're going to hit we're going to surpass or million and a quarter goal. And then breaking that down. If we have a generous four week lead time, and we're closing at a 30%, then we need to have 33 people in the pipeline at all times to maintain that. And then if 10% of our leads are qualified, which I don't know what that number is, but then per salesperson, we need 333 leads per month to hit that million and a quarter. Now, there's a lot of ways to tweak numbers and drive this. If we you know, if we, if we can if we can reduce the lead time to 10 business days that substantially increases efficiency, it doesn't really affect sales volume effects lead? Well, yeah, it increases how many people you have to work with at any given time, right? Or if you can increase your closing percentage, then that substantially helps your efficiency as well. Because you've got you're not juggling people who aren't going to close. And so somewhere, we've not started doing this. Well yet, I think it's it's, I would love to start seeing some of these numbers more on a weekly basis of what percent of leads coming to us or who have come to us are qualified. What is that 10% number and of the ones that qualify that are qualified, what percentage of those are closing but at least using made up numbers, I feel like the you should be actively working. If you actively work 30 leads at a time. Then you're going to hit a million and a quarter target.

Speaker 2  19:49
Right. Those are awesome projections. It's great to see it in that metric format.

Matthias Miller  20:00
Michael, do the numbers make sense to you?

Unknown Speaker  20:07
Yes, I just got it was looking at it. Yes, I understand that.

Speaker 2  20:11
It would be, you know, Matthias, this reminds me of something that, you know, from a business perspective you set is like an annual benchmark. And then as we go through our work life, annually, we can kind of we can track the history, and then also forecast the future. With, you know, how many leads, say have come in, in just the month of November? How many of those became qualified? How many of those became, quote, some are sold. So we do have at least a month of some real hard numbers that we could then compare? How do those align with our annual goal? And there will be slower months or will be busier months, but I think it will really help us digest what's work, because then we'll be able to look at that month and say, what did we do in that month that really helped us achieve that.

Matthias Miller  21:13
The fantastic thing is we can then also, I mean, we can measure, we're starting to get to the point where we can measure lead time.

Speaker 2  21:20
It's getting there, which is great. And also number of outreaches, you know, some of those things that are being tracked from assist when we leave our notes, you know, how many how many outreaches? Did it did a qualified lead receive? Or a one a client? That was one how many outreaches were were there, there's probably more than are being recorded because of the texting and just the volume back and forth and email that is not always captured in a in a comment field. But that's okay, we can we can work at, you know, adding more of those notes in? Yeah. Yeah, I would love to add a tab to what you're working on there and that spreadsheet and just kind of identify November's numbers and and see where the ratios fall. So if that ratio that you present projected is that's how we get to $1.5 million. Let's see what in a month, what were the what were the ratios, were we at the rate ratio of leads to qualified to quote it? Or were we under? Or were we over that month? And then, you know, that accounts for maybe slower months in the winter, when it's going to going to dip below that ratio?

Matthias Miller  22:41
Yeah, I actually had a report that was getting quite close to this. No, it was it would be the age if that's what it was. It would have been the age of lead report. Okay. That would have been tracking the where it was it. cost per lead grouping would be under the grouping. No. Grange age of lead. Basis date. First communication. Sure. So this would be Yeah, this guy. All right, dude. Like half tempted to quick build out the report now but the one remaining question I do have, okay. So first of all, Marissa, I think the emails, there were some changes to the first three emails that need to go out. But all the documents are up to date with those emails. Okay. One question is talking to Jonathan SMS automation is extremely touchy. People do not want to feel like they're spammed. And so his advice, and I would concur was would be to send a single Testament text message as a test. The question would be in this campaign, I don't think it should be well, it shouldn't be before you know, kind of the first day I'm kind of leaning towards next Friday or the following Monday almost at the end or all the way to the end. But do you have and then we could send it only to unqualified well either to unqualified or to qualified, not quoted. I'm

Unknown Speaker  24:39
nervous on this one. With the SMS one.

Matthias Miller  24:45
If I'm not pushing hard to do SMS automation and if there's little advantage to doing SMS now. I mean, we have enough stuff in the mix. I like unless you feel strongly feel like the person Well, texting is about 10 times the value of doing this type of test. And I'm not opposed to pushing it out. It would be,

Speaker 2  25:12
oh gosh, this is a tough one with eyes. So in November we run, we ran the 10% off discount in January, we're also planning on running a hard percentage discount, it would be, I think, beneficial to be able to compare something apples to apples, similar discount style, additional outreach channel. So if we were to not do SMS for December, because we've not crafted this type of message before, it's kind of a first time we're crafting the message about December, we could incorporate SMS into January and then be able to compare the responsiveness from November and January's promotions because they were very similar. Then likewise, we can compare December and February's promotions, which I think we're intending those to also be very similar, still promoting the lock in your price, having some type of product discount, I definitely see value in like getting it out there and sending it to the right people. But for the sake of like research and determining where our best efforts lie, I kind of want to prepare myself a little bit more for something that's going to reflect back to what we knew worked well. And kind of priming the pipeline to the way you showed me yesterday how to build those segments, I feel like I have data to clean up so that I get a better segment. And that's just me personally keeping up with the note taking and the changing the leads to the rate status. So I'd be okay with. Firstly, I feel nervous and would want to wait until January. So we have something to reflect back to that we're sending the same type of discount, but now we've added an additional channel, and what does that do for us? Does that increase responsiveness? So I'm playing it a little conservative there. That's kind of where my thought process

Matthias Miller  27:19
falls. Sure. Michael, do you have? Do you have thoughts?

Speaker 1  27:30
I'm fine either way. I knew the way the only observation that I have would be. There may be there's more relativity, I think to connect the two together like was mentioned. The only thing that may be a little bit distracting from that would be January, typically being the slowest month of the entire year. Yeah, may play into that responsiveness. Just a little bit. November's typically an average month and January slow. So but responsiveness, will it make a difference? I don't know. I think it will affect it some. Right. I'm fine. Either way, I'm completely fine.

Speaker 2  28:21
Texting also, to me, Matthias would be very beneficial when we do have close this deal by Saturday. And I know we were talking about scheduling in December with Tori. And some other commitments that are on the table, I think we're texting really plays in is getting an immediate response. So the day the text goes out, we need to have the team staffed, because people are going to text back and they expect it like you expect it to be instant. You know, so I want to make sure that we're thoughtful about if we text those folks that are quoted. And we're prompting them to be like, Let's seal your deal. I want to make sure like the phone lines are open in a way to make that happen. So that's also another reason why I'm kind of feeling a little conservative about it for for December.

Matthias Miller  29:17
Well, there isn't at 20 to everything the 8020 of texting is go manually texted people who showed signs of life and who responded. Yeah. And at that point that that is something that can be done manually.

Matthias Miller  29:38
We also don't know what the exact numbers are going to be. So maybe you know other people that opt in. I'm going to say there's maybe only a third who I don't know what the exact number is like fourth or third

Matthias Miller  30:00
on. And so, and it's and I'm gonna guess it's not to every everybody, we were looking at 300, it might be 200 people, by the time you narrow it down, it might be 100, you know, further narrowed down to people who might be relevant. It might be 100 people of those 100 people, if you get a 25% response rate, that's good 12

Unknown Speaker  30:24
Well, people

Matthias Miller  30:25
eat for you. Okay, these are made up numbers.

Matthias Miller  30:46
The other way to do it would be to see if this, again, this does not fully isolate the test, but you could do an early morning email, you could do a midday? Well, that doesn't really help. Yeah, I don't know.

Speaker 2  31:08
Well, I think when you think of independent channels, you have to, I always assume that if they aren't looking at their email, they are looking at their texts. So I always assumed that they're not getting both, otherwise, they probably wouldn't reach out from the original channel. So my thought process has been, they can go out at the same time in the morning to both channels, you know, email and text. And then you're ideally just trying to throw the widest net to your audience for responses back. Because I think this is how people roll. They either like check their emails, or they don't. So I don't think they have to be in sequence or they don't build off of one another. They're actually like, targeting the same person and trying to figure out like, which one are you going to answer?

Matthias Miller  31:59
If I had to pick a place, that'd be absolutely delighted to put it. You mentioned people are more responsive in the afternoon. And yeah, and this might mean a crazy afternoon for you guys. But two o'clock. Yeah. Or 215? The email goes out and the text goes out. Yeah, we got a few hours left. Good.

Speaker 2  32:19
Yeah, I think they are. And I tend to get like, I get a couple of those type of texts myself to my phone, I've been looking for real estate. And so I'm getting them like occasionally from different places that are like, check out these new deals in your area. And they're in the afternoon. And I didn't catch my eye. I think it's kind of like that wind down the day, I think emails are pretty good. First, top, the top of the day, from what I've seen from the way people just kind of operate, they just kind of start their day and go through their routine. And they look through those things early. They think a text could be anytime. And if we want to set it on a day, Matthias, let's talk about a and you know, the availability, I'm more than willing, I know, Tori would probably say the same, like more than willing to swing our shifts later to accommodate that. So you know, we just want to prepare and be prepared for that on that day.

Matthias Miller  33:17
Yeah. Like for the saucer direction on it.

Speaker 1  33:25
I like it. I think it's a great, I think we learn from it. We don't know until we try. And I guess if we get overwhelmed by responses, I think we should probably consider it.

Speaker 2  33:41
Right? That's so true. Matthias with those emails. Is there anything I can do in a tactical sense? You made some edits? Do I need to take the edits from the Google Doc and put them in the messages,

Matthias Miller  33:59
put them in the messages and then get the I think there's no reason why you can't go ahead and schedule the rest of the emails the Wednesday, Friday and Monday emails. Okay. Or the Wednesday so you're gonna have Friday emails, the Wednesday Saturday. So we have the Saturday the Monday I almost wonder if we should move the Wednesday one here. I'm going to update this. I'm going to vote because we're because so I know my I realized that we need to start planning these promos around the Saturday that Tory's in, she's out over this over that Saturday and has a schedule conflict. So I'm going to vote for this sequence we do Saturday, Monday, Thursday, which is two days off. And then Monday again Monday morning, Monday afternoon. I've noted that okay with that,

Speaker 1  35:01
and I know we're over time already, but I'd like to circle back if we can and just talk about that little Wednesday morning thing, just a little bit. That little one phrase there to make sure we're relevant. When I had sent over Matthias Yeah. Well, first of all, the paper chain thing. With is a gotten a little kids to work on that yesterday afternoon and interesting this morning, I have a big old chain hanging in my office already. So I just get to get you a picture of a big old fancy, colorful gene random animal well, so we'll get that in your hands. As far as the question, they're just for a real story. Marissa and Tori, do boats people ask about have you been asking about? Like, how to plan around landscaping, weather etc? Is that like something that Oh, yes, people are actively doing? Or we should actively try and engage in those conversations for relevancy. How does that look?

Speaker 2  36:16
So it's still just me on the call. I'm actually messaging Cory really quick. Make sure she's okay.

Matthias Miller  36:23
She might be actually be working Saturday. Shoot, I just realized she might be out today. Was that next Saturday? I don't know. Yeah, it would be she's scheduled to work this Saturday. So she's off today. Oh, okay. That makes sense. Like a little worried

Speaker 2  36:35
about you. Okay. Okay, cool. Michael, yeah, it comes up in conversation with folks because they're looking towards the spring. And they're hesitant to pull the trigger on the building, because they have so many other quotes to get from different places in people, they gotta get the cement guy for the pad, they gotta get the tree guy for the trees, they gotta get the landscapers or whatever. So they're just trying to line up their ducks in a row. And I think what will benefit is what we've presented, but also like the communication line between them, and their salesperson. So if they have a delay, and they're concrete contractors, like, I'm backed up, okay, but I think they would, I think that they want to be able to say like, can you push my date back, or they just want to know that they're not. And I'm just putting themselves in a bad spot by buying too early, and then not being prepared.

Speaker 1  37:34
I'm just thinking on the lines of confirming that we have this story we're making, you know, a little nice story to talk about makes it, ya know, and make it work. But so what we're seeing here in one of our emails is that, oh, you know, our salespeople, Marissa and Tori, have been talking to talking to other folks, and they are trying to plan, you know, how do we plan around landscaping and weather etc. And obviously, just want to have a story that's relevant and confirming that it's actually, you know, something that's happening. And so yeah, I've, I've actively already engaged in conversations like that. Yeah,

Speaker 2  38:13
I haven't I think this will kind of tie back to my original proposal at the beginning of the meeting of sending you some more anecdotal evidence on like, what are the objections? You know, and and you'll see, there are quite a few guys that have quotes already. Those are their objections. So it definitely is a relevant hurdle that we've had phone conversations with folks on, for sure.

Speaker 1  38:38
Beautiful. Yeah. Good. That that's great. Good, good. So answer the question. As soon as had some pics of this chain, we'll get you that as well. And then people ask for that we can have a homemade chain with a whole bunch of links on it. Make sure we got the right amount of links.

Speaker 2  38:59
That sounds too awesome. Well, Matthias dropped off the call. So it's just you and I, I will be in touch with a list for you. I'll start at Monday with you know, this summaries and anecdotes in an email so we can start just seeing if that helps, you know, improve my training and learning and then also get us more responses and then transparency for you too. So you're seeing what some of those conversations are entailing?

Speaker 1  39:27
Sure. Awesome. Yeah, we'll be amazing. Excited. Making progress excited. See what we can continue to stoke up as we move forward. Agreed. Well, have a great rest of your day Michael. You do. Bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai