Speaker 1  00:02
Alright, we need to get some clear objectives for what we want for the learning course. And I'm thinking there's two pieces to it one to one is, there should be a technical part, which is basically a technical understanding of the database. But then there's also the actual design part of it, which is like, what are the pieces that you know, how do you actually build out a design proposal? How do you engage in the design process and have you build out the proposal? So I think those are the two pieces from the technical standpoint. You know, I think there's two fundamental you know, pieces one is how do you store information of all there's a handful of pieces, how do you store information? How do you structure information and then how do all of these pieces tie together? There's also this question of if, if it's helpful for people to familiarize themselves with this. Should we have them pull up the demo system and make some changes there and familiarize themselves with the demo system to some degree

Speaker 1  01:24
and allow that to give them some tangible context and even throughout the exercises, if we could say, Okay, go pull this up. And here's an example of a date field. Here's an example of a number field. Here's an example of an Ask prompt, so that they have this point of reference, that they're able to see exactly what it looks like.

Speaker 1  01:48
You know, another piece is separating the idea that even though there are fields that can be stored, sometimes we have something called expressions, which means that there's what's actually stored but then there's actually what's being displayed and those things maybe, maybe slightly different sometimes they're very simple and sometimes, it's not as simple. A good example would be the closed checkbox on an incident the checkbox is not a field. What is stored is the date and the checkbox updates appropriately on based off of that, and so.

Speaker 1  02:41
Yeah, I think that's, I think that's a big piece of it. Trying to think what else I don't know. Probably a huge piece for me is just getting a lay of the land and finding some places where we need to get some color and then from there we can just take it from there.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai