Unknown Speaker  00:05
Up with

Matthias Miller  00:22
that. But

Unknown Speaker  02:29
is shed. Business

Unknown Speaker  02:30
is shed. This is just like ages physical shed. Is that what we're

Unknown Speaker  02:35
talking about?

Matthias Miller  02:36
Backyard? Okay? Story shed, portable building, yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  02:50
Yes, I do Remember from Wednesday. I

Speaker 2  03:47
So Matthias, why don't you tell everybody five to seven minutes of backstory and why? And then we'll get into what your ask is and what your skin in the game is.

Matthias Miller  03:58
All right, but by the way, I'm getting a really weird echo for myself. I don't know if there's anything we can do about it. I can try to talk past it, or I'll turn down my volume on my end so I don't get it try to turn it back up again. So my background, I my career, started writing software, the non taxable bond management software used by 45 of the top 50 banks and bunch of insurance companies, of which you would recognize, many of which you would recognize. But I'm not at liberty to disclose left that ran a custom software company with my brother back in 2016 had my first client in the shed industry, portable buildings, etc. Landed a landed a client in that space who wanted a full end to end. ERP and we rolled out just shy of a quarter million dollar system for them, personalized, just for them. I think it's probably one of the I. Obviously we don't see what's behind closed doors, because it's probably one of the best most all encompasses encompassing systems within the industry, and it's only and it's private to the client. Through that started consulting with sales and marketing, first with that client, client engagement, and pretty abruptly, things weren't going well. Landed up another client. That client was up 33% of the prior year. Most companies were down. It depends on the company where they're at and how equipped they were, but anywhere from 10% to 64% down last year, the software client has basically frozen spending for q1 or all, but frozen spending for q1 and last October, one of the big things out of the hot out of my hot seat was de risking myself, and that translated into doubling down on the shed industry, which I have resisted. I've resisted the inner creative, I suppose creative consultant has resisted that q4 of last year was a lot of internal work. I obliterated a whole bunch of the resistance towards doubling down and niching. So I've been all in on that. I've had a few larger software consulting clients show up, mostly out of the blue referrals, and some coming back to me after working with other vendors. And so that's that's in play. But then, sorry. Okay, so that's backstory. Skid in the game is adding 150k of consulting revenue this year. And then current progress, where I'm at, where I need help is, we turned on a cold SMS campaign two weeks ago. We're getting 33% response rates. I have about 25 sales opportunities, most of them lower ticket media buying, which we've been selling as look, we'll do this. We'll run Google ads. Our goal is to scale with you. We can give you the sales tools that actually scale which other marketing companies can't. So taking kind of the approach of an all encompassing, you know, A to Z will scale with you. So it's the first time I've actually had real lead gen in my business. And out of that, the 8020, applies. You've got a bunch of people don't who don't want to spend money. You've got a bunch of people who can afford it, but just a little bit. And then you've got, you know, there's a few bigger clients that have come out the top, and I have most of this week is wildly disrupted, or I would be pushing pretty hard to close some deals off of that, and I haven't, haven't been able to do that, or won't be able to spend much time on that this weekend, unfortunately, next week, plan to Get go all in on working my pipeline. Other fun thing that happened in the last 24 hours, I've had great success with storytelling in marketing. I did this for my brother's software company, and we just released another series, Story series for him, and it's probably one of the highest performing campaigns that he's done. And his competitor is now joining, joining his mailing list and showing up at his events and other things like that, following him. So in the last 24 hours, I took kind of this, what's the progression of growth for a shed. Company turned it into, I've already had a document with like, this is the six stages, and then worked with AI to, okay, let's flesh this out into story, flesh out the care who the characters are, and go write a compelling story with cliffhangers at each section leading into the next and a little bit of manual guidance, but have about an 18,000 word rough draft that is a compelling story, needs refinement and finessing, but I think has a high probability of having some some being part of two pounds of proof and getting people to read and get to know me. So that's the one major accomplishment that wasn't mentioned, obviously. Big question, I think, is so my current goal in q1 is go talk to as many people as possible, and prioritize people who can spend money. But if I don't have other people to talk to, and they can't spend money, and I can talk to somebody who can't. And won't, and I can glean something about the industry or anything like that, then do it. There are so I view this a little bit like Daniel's business, where there's the I'm in the middle of it, doing everything bespoke consulting that feeds market research and cash and all this stuff, and it flows out into a more rinse and repeat style business that we can use to serve the broader market. I guess my biggest question is, is my current focus, right? Is there, are there any considerations that they look at offers to to give out to these folks? I'm kind of looking for blind spots, and I guess making sure that I'm I'm on the right on the right track. McGee has also instructed me to send out postcards in lumpy mail, which I'm still hoping to be able to do, do pull off before the end of the month, but I have not done that yet, but that's high on my list. So there you go. What's

Speaker 2  11:15
Marcus Matthias? What's the skin in the game that we agreed on for this

Matthias Miller  11:24
year adding 180k in consulting revenue. I

Speaker 1  11:31
didn't hear that 180 K in consulting revenue. Okay, what

Unknown Speaker  11:37
do you guys notice?

Unknown Speaker  11:40
Couple questions.

Speaker 3  11:43
The ship is your clients are manufacturers of these sheds, like, like prefab? Is this like a warehouse where just some construction guys nail these things together and put them on a flatbed, or what?

Matthias Miller  11:58
That's essentially what it is. And then you've got two models, one with in house sales teams and one with a dealer model. And I've also been exploring, I mean, the dealer is the bottom of the food chain, and they're, I think, grossly under supported. And so some of them are super loyal to the parent company and are basically poodles. And then there's some that are Wolverines that will switch to a different dealer, or have multiple dealers, if that means they can better serve their customers. And so the two folks to work with which I outlined in my document is the manufacturers with in house teams, potentially companies who I think that the best opportunity for folks who have a dealer model is not your national we're in 38 state dealer model, but more your you know, five, six state Region dealers, dealer model, where they Yeah as an option, and generally speaking, dealers are really easy to find and target and really easy to reach. And manufacturers themselves can be found, but it's it can be harder to identify them, I

Speaker 3  13:19
guess. Two more questions. One, do you know what the financial metrics are, but what their margins are? And number two, are there geographic limits as to where they're competitive because of shipping costs? Yes,

Matthias Miller  13:33
well, generally speaking, there are. There's a company in Pennsylvania that ships to California, but California is a different country, and the rules of economics do not apply. Basically, they're able to use Amish builders and lower costs of materials to beat California prices and drive it across the nation. But besides that, economics, I mean 10 to 20% margin. Dealers typically get 10% manufacturer typically gets I think maybe 20 or 30% sales people range anywhere from five to 7% typical marketing target is 3% of total total revenue. Thank you.

Speaker 4  14:22
I Yeah. I thought I read somewhere in here that you said that revenues were down for the industry. Correct? Shed industry. Where do you think that downward pressure is coming

Matthias Miller  14:36
from? So my opinion, it okay. Most of the companies are blaming the economy in the economy in the election, my opinion is that marketing is becoming increasingly commoditized within the industry. So first of all, if you're not doing online marketing, you're falling behind, and so it's basically par for the course. And I think the companies that are winning are the companies that are actually investing in sales, proactive sales teams. Yeah. It.

Unknown Speaker  15:01
Are you seeing a trend or a dip like,

Matthias Miller  15:04
is this? The dip is, is affect, primarily affecting companies who are not being proactive in in not doing proactive sales and not being proactive and having high performing salespeople. Yes, I guess

Speaker 4  15:19
when I say dip like a 12 month drive, like not having online sales presence, wouldn't affect the last 12 months, you would see a gradual decline in retirement.

Matthias Miller  15:35
That's fair. I don't have, I don't have a good reason from the for the macro economic side. Back in 2008 there were a lot of people getting out of real estate. And it actually, you know, people wanted a shed so that they could live in their parents backyard. And it actually helped the industry. The real estate crash helped the industry. So I don't have a good answer that

Speaker 4  16:02
is there anywhere you could go to get re to do research on that, like the manufacturers, like do interviews with them, and put together a report on why? You know, he gets insights from from potentially that interviewing that might be your excuse to go out and talk to shed companies. Hey, I'm piling this report. I'm doing research on why sales are dropping and how to fix it.

Speaker 2  16:27
I think that is a really great question this guy just asked you, because if you're not sure why there's a dip, like you got to find out, and what a great excuse to talk to these manufacturers, right?

Speaker 5  16:46
And then make a white paper about your findings, and then present it back to the people you've interviewed and also put it into trade magazines. Yeah.

Speaker 2  17:00
Chance. And make your report the first one or two episodes of your podcast. Boom,

Speaker 5  17:17
what is the what is the title and subject matter of the podcast advice.

Matthias Miller  17:23
So the angle that we've been take taking is getting shit builders together on sharing kind of expert tips. I'm talking with the podcast guy next week. I think it's flawed. I think it's such a tight knit industry, most people are holding their cards really close to their chest. And I think it's basically going to be something like, either here's a chance to promote your business, you can feature in your local area that you were on this podcast and and maybe a, you know, stories of how you got there. I I don't think we've got the hook correct for getting people. I was

Speaker 5  18:05
a little concerned about that, just from the standpoint of, like, why would they come on the show? There's, there's a success model, the podcast industry, and creating a package for them, which is what you're talking about. Like, you essentially create them a marketing package. So it's you get the interview, and then you would use AI to write a like editorial, or like, you just, just use AI to create a bunch of assets that they wouldn't create on their own. So it creates kind of a value add. But then absolutely in that you can say, like, this part, this, part of this interview, well, won't get published or won't be part of the thing, but is, is just get their inside take on The Shed industry. And what they're noticing could even be that the conversation after you stop hitting record. Sorry, go ahead. When is your podcast gonna launch

Matthias Miller  19:01
as soon as we have 10 initial episodes. Was there

Speaker 5  19:09
any feedback you had after the you were gonna say something?

Matthias Miller  19:14
Sorry, didn't get that you

Speaker 5  19:16
were gonna say something after before Mark's question or No,

Matthias Miller  19:22
I was but I remember what it was okay.

Speaker 5  19:34
I guess we've met all day. So you're not sure how the what caught the dip is all about. But you know who to ask? Like, you know who you could call and do this research, yeah,

Matthias Miller  19:46
like, until you start working my network and ask Who else to talk to.

Speaker 4  19:56
Foundation line, right? We're ready to go to. Innovation wide or regional.

Matthias Miller  20:03
It's regional because here in Colorado, there was they maybe stayed level, at least for the companies I had, what level are ground?

Matthias Miller  20:17
But there's other things I'm learning, like the state of Tennessee seems to be hyper saturated. And from what I hear, or from one anecdote there, there's so much competition that most folks are just hanging on, hoping that everybody else dies off, so that they can take the spoil. And in that kind of a scenario, it seems to me like what you're really looking for is what is your competitive edge that can take you, that can push you past competitors. You can put them out of business. And that's where I feel a lot more confident, confident on hey, let's, let's, let's short your your your sales process in particular, whereas in Ohio specifically, I don't have any baseline to say, look, this person doubled down on their sales technique and they weren't down. Or there's this competitor who ate up market share in 2024 that nobody else knows about. Or, you know, I don't

Speaker 6  21:15
know. Say more about the 21 day sales sprint and your idea for the membership, it looks like you've sold one of these sales sprints, but you're looking to do more of them. Is that right?

Matthias Miller  21:25
Yeah, so the back story on that is that there's a salesperson who's a good friend of mine who sold 3.2 million solo pre COVID, pre inflation, which is most people these days are celebrating million dollar sales, at least dealers are. And so he's kind of a mini celebrity rock story. He's a systems thinker. Paid him privately to train a client, transcribed everything and planning to use his process and system, bundle it in a 21 day sprint and push people through it, push them into a membership in the back end, give us a way to provide value, but also hopefully a paid way to keep our finger on the pulse of the market and and maintain conversations with these people. I've sold one. I have two spot prospects. One guy who was super excited, wanted to hear more about it and wanted to buy it. I just haven't sent him the payment link, which is on me, but that's on the agenda for tomorrow.

Speaker 7  22:41
The question I the question. In the last year, I've seen you kind of work through what you want to do and how you want to do it. You often described your passion, the things you're most excited about, as being kind of unpacking, unraveling complex issues and challenges and things you know really like I said, systems thinking. And so my question to you is kind of like the dog chasing a car, if you grab this car, and also in your knee deep in the shed business, is that happiness for you in the doing? I don't maybe materially, financially, it is. But will you be happy doing shed, shed, shed?

Matthias Miller  23:25
Well, I mean, I think the answer, best I can answer, is I've done this for other people's businesses as long as possible. I've never had a narrow enough niche that I'm going after that I actually have the capacity to build any kind of repeatable business for myself, and just based off of my experience over the last couple months, being able to double down on this and having, having the possibility with just being able to take everything that I know and dumping fuel on the fire of a repeatable business that's my own. I still get to work with systems. I still get to build it's it's been incredibly fulfilling for me, and I think as long as it continues to be a challenge, it will. I have put some thought. One of my daily practices has been listening to Richard Kosh in a walk, and he through that, he's been admonishing me to stay in mind and keep, keep in mind what I want that's not on the hamster wheel. So I have been giving thought to that. But I give it a reasonably high probability that if I find myself needy, well, I think if I can, if I can pay the bills with it, or fund whatever needs to happen on the on the on the repeatable side that I can build something on the repeatable side that becomes very attractive to a national dealer or some other company to acquire or just becomes a nice cash cow. I. Long, convoluted answer, I am not worried about fulfillment on this project for happiness.

Speaker 6  25:17
Matthias, so you haven't sent the sales the payment link yet to the guy who wants the product. And I was just wondering is, is there someone, is there someone in

Unknown Speaker  25:32
your life

Speaker 6  25:35
who's action oriented, who could maybe take on that role of like, if you said, like, if you send an email saying, oh, yeah, we need to get this guy the payment link. Is there someone in? Because normally an assistant would do that, but it looks like you're, you're still putting together your revenue here. So like, is there, is there someone who could just send those links to people?

Unknown Speaker  25:59
Yeah, okay.

Speaker 2  26:07
Is there a play Matthias where maybe you should be orchestrating roll ups of shed companies and playing a whole like just a whole different level of game, like, I'm channeling Chris Johnston and Adam and, you know, probably Frank might have something to say about this. Isn't this exactly the kind of industry that you go roll up.

Speaker 4  26:36
One of my notes was, would you be happy we just found a shed dealer for you to buy and grow. Yeah, potentially, so might be the easiest answer,

Unknown Speaker  26:50
right? Tell us more frank. Well,

Speaker 4  26:55
like you said, doing it for yourself, right? You're building a business. It's missed. Itself. Known you for two, three and three years, that business keeps coming back. So maybe the highest and best use, and you can go with this, make it right together, but maybe it's with these dealers. You know, my only concerns of a dealer version is so low that, you know, Penny Hicks hills, but if you can grow them and expand the margins of a dealer, and you know how to do it, I gotta believe the demographics of dealership owners is probably pretty right to give you a retirement age at this point. So it's certainly an agile to invest

Speaker 5  27:43
or even, like mergers and joint ventures. I mean, I don't know the industry under the idea of getting higher multiples and gathering together a bunch of these companies that impress you, you could just put the deal together

Unknown Speaker  27:55
so, so frank,

Speaker 5  27:56
I want to do that. Just call Frank.

Speaker 2  27:59
How much of a handshake. Would you need with Matthias? For Matthias to have these podcast interviews and then get done recording and say so I'm working with some people that buy shed companies. How much of a napkin back of nap in agreement. Does he need to have or what does he need to know from you to start doing

Speaker 4  28:27
the information that he'll be comfortable? There's not much of a hurdle to it, because it's an easy question from Matthias as a consultant, a grow consultant. It's a very easy question to go to that owner. Well, do you expect to be on you, two years, three years, five years. That plays into it. They might be like what I get out of it. Now,

Speaker 2  28:48
let's talk about let's see what's next. Matthias, give me some feedback on that. I

Matthias Miller  28:55
think it's very interesting. I don't know what I'm doing. I can learn that the the one other interesting thing I'll throw out, I had a fascinating conversation with one of my cold texting people who have a company in Georgia. They only sell repossessed buildings from rent to own contracts, and I have not seen any other company specialize in that. And it they can sell the bottom end of the market. And so if you want to, it is also an interesting Hey, can this be replicated and scaled across multiple states? States?

Speaker 5  29:42
Your question about the agreement and all that, like the deal that Adam's doing, like I've done a lot in the past, minority deals were coming as, in essence, a consultant, but I get paid, in part, minority shares that can be done on the back of a napkin, used as an attorney. I.

Unknown Speaker  30:00
So tell explain more. Well,

Speaker 5  30:03
I just, you know, nobody likes minority share agreements because you're kind of along for the ride, and they tend in those deals to kind of screw you over. You need minority protections, but I put in place protections like they like. There's requirements that before they do this that, and I have a list of eight things you can't do without 100% shareholder approval. And it's like, like, acquired debt, you know, pretty much anything they would want to do, they have to get the minority shareholders agreement. But once I got comfortable with that, I didn't even feel I got I didn't even like I needed to bring in the attorney.

Speaker 2  30:38
So isn't it true that Matthias can take a 45 minute zoom call with Frank. Frank can give him a three by five card and a napkin to sign, and you're off to the races. And you're looking for shed companies you can acquire in a roll up. And now, how many different good reasons. Do you have to talk to a shed company? You're doing a market survey to understand why the market's down. You got a podcast. You're acquiring companies, you write software. You've been in and out of shed companies the last five years, anyway, so you're an expert like, I mean, there's like, five different ways in

Unknown Speaker  31:20
and all you need is a few needles in a haystack, and you already know what the needles need to look like, so maybe you should just own it.

Speaker 3  31:31
We're changing your business model here. But Roberta asked a question, and then I have to be myself. Okay, it's more

Speaker 8  31:37
when you were talking about the podcast and not meeting with get people on the thing that came to my mind is, Hey, mind is, who in that industry likes to talk? Somebody in there likes to talk. Who is it? Is it adjacent? Is it the person who's selling the ones for discount? Somebody in that industry likes to talk. The other thing is, these guys, is Frank and Mark were talking. Cody Sanchez, the boring business lady. She basically has a podcast that advertises to the people that she wants to buy their business to call her. So instead of maybe interviewing the business themselves, you interpret interview around like what Perry's saying, if you know what the needle in the haystack is, is it having Frank on the podcast when you talk about how you sell this business, or how you would acquire it? Is it talking to the person who's doing the discount? Because that sounds really interesting, and somebody would want to buy it like think of it not as interviewing the shed people, as much as interviewing the needle in the haystack, or to them, advertising to them. Who do they want to listen to? What information do they want? And who likes to talk about it? Somebody likes to talk about everything.

Matthias Miller  32:44
Well, the answer to that is, I know the vendors like to be on podcasts, vendors, material suppliers, marketing companies. Anybody who sells anything to shed companies likes to be on a podcast. I'm not sure about within the industry.

Speaker 8  33:06
There you go. Are they attract in the person that you want to talk to, to possibly buy their business or do their sales or whatever is you're going to do, like that person that you want as your client? Who do they want to sit and listen to for 30 minutes while they're walking on the treadmill. What do they want to hear and then who wants to talk about that? What's that thought process? I

Speaker 3  33:39
don't want to pack you up too much, but I would you don't have to answer now. But why the shed business? And can you do what you're doing in other industries so you could either grow by spreading out to other industries and doing the same thing, helping them grow, or do you want to do a deep dive in this one specific industry? I do think there's something to identifying businesses to buy and being a resource for deal flow. You know, and a roll up can certainly work. The question is, do you want to do that roll up in this industry. It may be I'm brainstorming here, maybe, like shed businesses. I my prior assumption is these are struggling businesses, but maybe I'm wrong. You know, businesses with a lot of inventory, like RV dealerships or something, and you're shaking your head like, no, there's a reason you're in this, and I don't know it, but

Speaker 5  34:42
feels like a step back from where he was in the fall. Okay,

Speaker 3  34:45
you guys have all been with him before, and I'm like, throwing out. I don't want to be like I said. I don't want to, like, drop them off.

Unknown Speaker  34:51
I'm happy to give

Matthias Miller  34:52
you feedback on that. The the industry is shifting towards online sales, less inventory. And the way my back of the napkin evaluation has been, you've got a bunch of folks who really don't know the first thing about business, and there's, obviously, there's some of them, they're getting beaten to death, but there's a lot of people who don't know anything about what they're doing, and they're doing reasonably well. Now that's not universal, but and so you may be right, it's, I don't want to dismiss what you're saying.

Speaker 3  35:28
Either I don't know you very well or at all you know I've been with you for a couple of days here online. But, yeah, I I like Cody Sanchez, there is a strong desire to find big businesses in the 500k to $1 million EBITDA, find them and buy them and manage them. There really is a lot of folks are saying, Hey, I don't have to go to college. I can buy I don't want to be a plumber, but owning a plumbing company especially can be a $2 million EBITDA business. You know, if you do it right, and you know, sweaty startup, if you go Google him or something, you'll, you know, Cody Sanchez and others, they're, they're targeting folks who have grit and a desire to get their hands dirty and build a business. And if you you're sitting on top of that network with a podcast, and you're dealing with so a lot of owners in this space, what they want to do is turn their business into a retirement account, and I can send you a white paper I built on, on all of that, like you can nearly avoid taxes, sell the business, exit. You could set up a solo 401, K, you could define, define benefit, pension plan. Do you can there's all sorts of ways you can get paid. If you take over a business and the former owner consults or gets a tax, free, distribution, structure, sales, things like that. And Frank can help you. I you know, whatever I think, but I guess it comes down to what you want to do. But there's, there's a, there is something here about paying 50, 6070, year old folks who do this own businesses. What are they going there's going there's going to put the hammer down and the value is zero, or they can sell it to you or someone with money.

Speaker 8  37:26
Even the shed could be the jump off, you know, for that. Yeah, but it turns,

Speaker 5  37:31
turns to where he is right now. One thing that that we're overlooking is that he's having a successful SMS campaign to talk to these owners. Podcast is just an excuse for a conversation. So what I'm hearing is, if he maximizes conversations, he's going to get more that. That is the opportunity he's looking for podcast, this is just a reason for them to pick up the phone, and he needs to optimize and have maximum conversations. We can ask if they're looking to sell like these guys need somebody to talk to. So for me, Matthias, like doubling down on the SMS efforts and having conversations is your biggest opportunity, and doing as much of that as you possibly can. I

Speaker 6  38:23
Matt Matthias, I mean, just regarding that, I kind of wonder why the SMS leads are going to run out in April. That's why, like,

Matthias Miller  38:35
if we do, if we do 100 a day, we're 50 to 100 a day. There's maybe 12,000 in the US. It's simple numbers, but realistically, with this level response rate, it might bump it out to August, I don't know.

Speaker 6  38:55
Give them a like a survey, like a real quick survey, like, I want to grow my business by 2x in 2025 I want to grow my business to sell some time in the future, or I'm ready to sell my business now. Like something, something that might identify people who possibly want to sell business well,

Matthias Miller  39:23
I mean, I think what would make more sense would be, I don't think you could do that with a well, let me take that, take that back. You get with cool SMS. The best way is to get them on a call, from the call, find out what their goal is. Find out if they're thinking about selling, etc. If it's direct mail, it's, here's this resource on retirement, selling your account, you know, making sure you don't end it was nothing and etc.

Speaker 4  39:53
Last, last point, all owners are getting blasted list. Sell your business so you're ready to sell the Cody Sanchez thing you. Having carbon na firm, it's a bigger social media trend than it is in reality. Okay, but they're still getting blasted. What they're getting blasted with is people who have no knowledge whatsoever about doing acquisition in the small they've taken Cody's course or Carl islands course, and they're running around, and it's a bit of a mess. But if you're an expert and you have this background in helping should companies grow, you have a whole different discussion point first and Dory, that is far more valuable than an early stage survey about, are you going to keep it yourself, because you're already

Unknown Speaker  40:39
getting right. Okay, but

Speaker 5  40:40
I like the sorry lies. I like the idea of, instead of focusing on just gathering and prospecting and all that, have your eye on the exit, like, what's the next thing? Because it seems like there's a lot of money there. All right. Good job. Matthias, thank you guys. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai