Mo Lunsford  00:00
Mo, welcome back to another episode of the shed geek podcast. This is Mo Lunsford of Union Grove lumber we would like to welcome you to the Union Grove lumber studios. Hey, we're this year's studio sponsor,

Shannon Latham  00:21
and this is your host, Shannon Latham, here at the shed geek podcast, we give you education you can use and entertainment you need. Hello, all you shed geeks. I am your host. Shannon Latham, I'm your co host, Kyle summers, and we are here today with shed liberty. Yes. Richard Miller from AFG, Richard here to introduce yourself.

Richard Miller  00:49
Hey, I'm work here. I work for AFG rentals here, and I'm delighted to be here with you guys. The Shed Liberty label makes me chuckle a little bit, but I love it that you guys are like introducing new lingo into the shed world, and it it's kind of weird, maybe, but this is actually part of the maturation of the shed world. It's been around for a long time. I just before I sat down here, I was speaking to Gideon Zook with salsa structures. He's one of the godfathers of the shed world, yeah. And it was a pleasure to meet him, first time I met him, but the maturation that's happened in the last five years even has been astounding, and we ain't seen nothing yet, and you guys are going to be on the cutting edge of it. That makes me excited. Well,

Shannon Latham  01:31
we hope to be. Yeah, we certainly enjoy it. The truth is, so this is what I told Kyle last night. I said, I say this a lot, and he hears this, so probably for the 100th time, but you're hearing it maybe for the first. And that is, I always say I came with a laundry list of bad bosses, bad jobs and bad decisions. And this is the the industry that I feel I can let my guard down. It's it's like you, feel like family when you're when you're with the industry. So that's what I think I appreciate the most, is that you you belong when you show up. You belong, you know, in the industry, when you're hauling, when you're selling, when you're building, it's just if you if you expose yourself to those who are in this industry, you will find a home in it. And I think that's what I appreciate the most last night here, here. So we're at the bash. We're at the 2021, shed hauler bash in New Holland. You may be able to hear the trucks rumbling in the background as competitions are going on, and trust me, we didn't get a chance to make Belvedere Tennessee. But this is awesome. This is amazing. This is really cool.

Kyle  02:39
Were you at the Tennessee bash?

Richard Miller  02:41
I was, I was it was a good time. This. How does it compare? This stepped it up a whole nother level. Did it that was awesome. I don't want to take anything away from it. It was absolutely fantastic. This one has a little bit different vibe, but also has stepped up, yeah, quite a bit. And the quality of the of the keynote speaker has stepped up quite a bit. Who

Kyle  03:01
was it? Who was it before? I don't want to say

Richard Miller  03:07
that's great. I'm still cutting my teeth on public speaking, and it showed but I had a good time. I had a lot of fun, had a few tears into people, had a lot of laughs, and it was good. But the but last night, wasn't that great? Oh yeah, that's a world class Ryan and friends, world class ventriloquist there.

Kyle  03:26
Oh man, it was hilarious. I loved how he was just picking on Sam and Jason, like, it was great. That was great entertainment.

Shannon Latham  03:33
It was not a dry eye from laughter. I mean, literally everyone is and you're around a group of haulers, so the more ridicule that you can give to folks like Sam or Jason, like they're gonna eat that up anyway. Yeah? So he said, Yeah, I agree, truly, truly amazing. We appreciated it so much. We're doing a podcast just discussions about the industry. Yeah,

Kyle  04:04
some bash around here.

Shannon Latham  04:05
It's, it's pretty, pretty fun, isn't it? I had

Unknown Speaker  04:09
bought my business when there was only two other guys doing.

Richard Miller  04:14
This is Gideon Zook that I just spoke about

Shannon Latham  04:15
him. Is it really okay? Well, it's nice to meet you. Would you

Kyle  04:18
want to sit down, Gideon, and listen in. I'm Kyle.

Shannon Latham  04:25
Yep, nice to meet you sir. Yeah, you're you're welcome to grab a headphones and put them on if you want to talk. We can discuss what you've done in the shed industry. We'll be glad to Okay,

Kyle  04:37
well, we appreciate it. Nonetheless, nice meeting you sir.

Richard Miller  04:42
Speak. Speaking of, right? Yeah,

Shannon Latham  04:43
what's what I love? Yeah, no one else would like, come over and be like, What are y'all doing? But the shit industry's like, I want to know, hey, what are y'all doing? It's like, oh, and you can tell that's why this is new. It's a new idea, and it's an expansion of we interviewed someone recently. That said, when I started, there was no such thing as a shed industry. There was a bunch of guys that built sheds, and that was kind of it. And you you discussed ideas some, but it might be family, it might be small events, but you didn't have what you're seeing today with the shed Expo, with the shed ollars Bash, so many other programs that are just beginning. So it is becoming an industry. We use the term all the time, or at least we hear them loosely. Use the industry standard, and we always try to nail that down. What is the industry, industry standard for that, and who's sort of like over, you know, exposing that to everyone as a sort of a, you know, a marking to say, this is how we this is how we progress in this in this area, we just had Jason Graber from shed suite on, I mean, what you're seeing with software, just what you're seeing with equipment. You know, Cardinals got the tent over here next to us. And, like, who doesn't get excited seeing like, the track seven, you know, the bill sevens, the track mules and, like, if you've never seen that, and they're delivering a shed to your house,

Kyle  06:10
you stop and pay attention. Yeah, you're gonna look and

Shannon Latham  06:13
say, Wait a minute. So this, this is a real deal. This is really going on. Like, this is, you can't throw that machine together. Yeah, exactly, you know.

Richard Miller  06:22
But where I, where I look at it too, is a lot of this is happening within the context of community. Yes, yes. I've had the privilege in my life in participating in various communities of people, and within that community, they will do anything for you, the kayak fishing community, especially in Texas and Tennessee, is huge. And if you show up for a competition, for a tournament, and you lose your your specified measuring board, all you got to do is post it on the group, and somebody will loan you theirs. If your kayak is out of commission, somebody will show up, a competitor will loan you his. It's that kind of the same way. It's the same way here in the shed industry, yeah, and that's what one of the things that makes it special. But as that community keeps developing, it also facili facilitates this maturation that we're talking about, and the growth and the path to excellence and all of that, I think it all just kind of blends together. But it's really, I think the whole sense of community is a foundational driver that facilitates all that other stuff.

Shannon Latham  07:27
Isn't that what we need, you know? Or in 2021, and there's so many discussions that you can talk about, but isn't it really comforting to talk about community? Isn't it really comforting to talk about how that, the exposure to that begets, you know, good, no, I agree with 100% what

Kyle  07:45
I love Richard is, we're sitting here right now in the shed haulers bash. We're technically competition, right? That's true. We mean Shannon work for smart pay. You work for AFG, they're both rent owned companies. Well, Kyle's not much competition. Yeah, I'm not the best, but we can. We can sit here and and we can, we can talk. We can be friends like I've been in industries where you bash your competition, right? You don't like you don't talk to them, you don't go there, you don't and that's what I love about there's a few bad apples in the industry. Sure, there's along the way, but that's what I love about this. Like we can sit here, and I told you yesterday, you know, if I go to a lot, just stop and say hi, and they tell me they're with a fg, I basically shake their hand and say, Have a good day, because I know Richard Miller is, you know, is the guy there. And there's no way that I'm even trying to take anyone away from Richard Miller, or anyone else, for that matter. But, but Richard, like you have that we talk about, shed liberty. You have that, just that, that presence in the industry, and I very much appreciate that just as a sales rep and just seeing you in the industry. So tell us, I know you have 1000 stories like you can't be on Facebook and not see a Richard Miller story. So give me, give me a give me one of your favorite stories about in the industry, something that you've gone through, or something that you've that you've done. Sure,

Richard Miller  09:22
I'd love to and thank you for the kind words. I don't know if this is my favorite story, but it's a story I really like to tell and and let me preface it by I often say I don't defend rent to own because I'm in the business. I'm in the business because I believe in it so much because of what it did for me. And I like, I like to tell the story, and if I may, I'll tell story absolutely so in 2003 I moved to North Carolina with my wife and my son, and I was in a pretty bad place, really bad place. When I moved there, I was probably smack in the middle of a 10 year bout with some. Year debilitating depression, and I was literally diving, dumpster diving, to get stuff out, to fix up, to sell on eBay, and trying to scrape by doing a few plumbing jobs here and there on the side. But I couldn't really function well, so I couldn't really do a plumbing job effectively most of the time. I had had a career as a master plumber, I was, you know, blowing and going involved in radiant floor heating out in Colorado, got the privilege of hanging out with some of the big names in the radiant floor heating industry and to learn at their feet, so to speak. And was designing my own systems. I was on a path to success when I got laid low, shall we say, with with the depression. So I'm in North Carolina, struggling to survive, barely making it. I'm not even sure how we made it, but literally, when I say dumpster diving, it was a normal thing. I had my route, by the way, Staples dumpsters, that's where it's at. I knew this. I had this down, yeah. So we moved to a new house that we were renting. The rent was a little bit lower and but it had no storage building on it whatsoever. And I had all my plumbing tools and my plumbing leftover Plumbing Supplies, five to $6,000 replacement value that I had left over from my plumbing days. And at that time, I was so low that it was the only anchor of hope, almost that I had my relationship with God was on the rocks completely. I lost 99% of my faith that 99.9 that point 1% of my faith was still hanging on there. So I was, I was down and out. My relationship with my wife was completely on the rocks. It was a dark, dark, dark time, but I had this one thing, kind of from my glory days. And it was like, as long as I had this, I still had hope, maybe someday I can do this again. You know, I'm saying, Yeah, but I had no storage yet, and so I put down a tarp out in the middle of the driveway parking area, and put some pallets on it, and piled all of my plumbing stuff on there, except for a few tools I would use, you know, on a more regular basis, to store them inside the house, and then covered, folded the edge of the tarp up and covered it with two cheap tarps. And my friends helped me move that stuff over there, and that's how I stored my stuff out in the in the weather, protected by tarps. A couple of months later, I touched it for some reason, and the tarps crumbled, like they do, like, tarps crumble, you know, after five years out, two years in the sun, yeah, whatever. And this is two months later, three months later, or something like that. And I'm like, what the world's going on? I started pulling things back, and I was met with devastation. Almost every metal surface that was exposed was completely destroyed. I literally, when I love tools. I'm a tool nut. I

Shannon Latham  12:45
had, I noticed that I follow you, yes, I love the workbench that so

Richard Miller  12:49
you get it, yes. So when I talk about my tools, you know how much they meant to me, plus, there were this anchor of hope left over that, you know, someday I'll be okay again and can use this stuff. I had a 24 inch rigid pipe wrench, two eighteens, 224 two eighteens, two, fourteens, a, 12, a, 10, eight, a, six and a very rare four inch that's not even made anymore. I had, like I had, the whole set of rigid pipe wrenches, the best. I took care of them, oiled, all that kind of stuff. They were all destroyed, non recoverable, like you cannot restore these. They were that far gone. They went to the scrap iron place. They were that bad. Every everything that was exposed was destroyed completely. Here a gallon jug of moradic acid had gotten turned upside down in a milk crate and dripped out. It's a very, very strong acid. They use it to clean urinals in bars, because the Yeah, they crystallize in bars the very worst. That's what you use when you got to go to a bar to clean a urinal and brick layers. Use it to clean the brick, and it's very strong acid, and it had created a corrosive cloud out there, in there, in the hot sun, and destroyed my last anchor of hope. I was devastated. I'm almost choking up remembering the hopelessness, like I lost the last thing guys, and it was just devastated me. But see, storage unit wasn't an option because it was way too far and I might need some of this stuff. Okay, a storage building. I had no cash or credit. You can figure that one out without me saying it, I was, I was in a very I had no options, and I lost 1000s of dollars. And my hope, you know, I know your hope shouldn't be in your stuff, but that's all I had at that time. Yeah. And then some months later, not that long afterwards, a friend of mine, John Weaver came back from Texas, and he'd been out there visiting with a guy that I figured out, oh, I asked my second cousin this, Leland Ulrich, that he was out there, and Leland taught him about doing this thing, a business John explained to me at his kitchen table called rent to own with portable sheds. And I had a pretty negative impression of rent to own because I needed a computer to keep. Selling my stuff on eBay. And I went in, I found a $700 computer retail they were retailing it for 1200 Okay, that was a retail price. So there's a huge markup on there, huge, huge markup beyond this normal and then they were doing rent to own on there, and it was gonna cost me 2300 $2,400 at the end of the year. And so I had a very negative impression of rent to own because it wouldn't even solve my problem. I couldn't do that. But the way John explained this rent to own business, a light bulb went off, and I said, this makes sense. This is for people like me. I wouldn't have lost my tools, because I could have paid a small rent to own payment and protected my tools. Are you following me? Like the light bulb went on, I ended up renting a shed from John, and the few tools that I had left, I put in there. And eventually, you know, I kind of recovered, not didn't really recover financially, but got ahead just a little bit, got the shed paid off in the beginning of 2008 God healed me from my depression, okay? And he put my wife on a solid rock. Put me on a solid rock. By the way, we just celebrated 24 years of marriage, so we went from hell to heaven on earth. Now there's days it's not heaven on earth, but most days it is how every marriage, but it's just absolute, my absolute best friend and a huge blessing, just restoration from God, but He healed me of that depression. And I'm looking around for I can enter the workplace now, because I can function. And the economy crack just crashed, just collapsed that fall, and eventually I did find a job commission only in the state of Texas, working selling portable shed, something I'd always cared about a lot. And I loved sheds. I had friends that were in the shed business New Mexico, and I loved to talk with them about this and figure out the numbers and all that. It's something I actually cared about a lot. Now I had the chance to go do this in Texas. Listen, guys, I sold that shed that I had paid off, and I used the money to move to Texas to advance my life. Do you understand why rent to own is not so it's a passion of mine. It's not just something I do. This is I care deeply about this because it gave me a leg up. It gave me it gave me a chance when nothing else was giving me a chance. And and, you know, and the restoration in my life continued there in Texas, and today, I'm in a completely different place in my marriage, my faith in God is restored. You know, I'm not going to be arrogant about it, but I can't fathom anything that would shake my faith. I may get rattled, but it's just there. Yeah, my marriage is restored. My finance, financial situation is restored. I'm in a completely different place. But rent to own was there for me, by the way, I now work for this Leland Ulrich with at AFG rentals that taught my friend John Weaver the business. How cool is that? It's just like, you see, this is, this is passion for me. Yes, this is not just a

Kyle  18:05
job. It's like coming full circle, isn't it? I mean, that's, that's amazing story. I left

Richard Miller  18:10
the I love selling shit. I had a blast, but I understood. I saw these stories. I could tell you stories and stories and stories now I don't mind telling a few more of people whose lives got impacted by because we gave them a chance with rent to own and I said for about two years before I made the switch, I'm going to get a job with a rent to own company, and I'm going to educate the sales people about what this really is. Because a lot of people think of it as a kind of a sleazy, slightly sleazy or completely sleazy, alternative method of financing. It's not guys. It is an alternative to financing for people who need that option. We give options to people who are often the most fragile of our society. We help them.

Shannon Latham  18:58
I definitely, I mean, I remember having, like, that mindset, that aggressiveness toward rent to own, and really, you know, had worked with rent to own, selling sheds, you know, but met Dave, and, you know, we do work for smart pay rental. It's, you know, we're not making our living here at shed geek, we're this is something that we've started for the industry, and we want to continue to try and help the industry, but so it's hard not to make a living in the industry that you find your home in. And, you know, he tells us all the time, you know, treat your your work as Kingdom work, you know. But it's, it's, I remember having that hard part toward rent to own when I didn't work for rent to own. That's what is great about exposing yourself to something different, and then finding myself working in the industry, and particularly in rent to own, was seeing the other side of it. So if you're if you're coming in with those preconceived i. Is about what it is Get ready, because you'll be exposed to a lot of things that you didn't realize it was. And it's stories like yours that that are examples of that we have. We've never really discussed our stories. But what I love about it is like we're literally three guys sitting here at a table that are discussing rent to own, that work for rent to own, that are discussing the shed industry, and all three have similar stories, and we didn't know each other, but God brought that moment together and those opportunities together. And I think that's what I'm the most in all about, always, is, yeah, we found ourselves. I mean, that's how me and Kyle found our ourselves to be friends. Was was through church and was through. Well, I'll give you a really good example. Was I found myself in a in a low point and depression, and I called a friend. He was a childhood friend of mine, and he now went to a church that Kyle went to. He's the associate pastor there, and he was, he was a logistics manager for Graceland portable buildings. And I remember I I called him, and that's whenever I ultimately went to work there, you know, was I called him and I said, I don't know where I'm going in life, you know. And what he didn't know was, you know, a day or two before that, you know, I was, I was at the lowest point I ever been. You know, he invites me to church. You know, I go to church. I meet Kyle. Kyle's going through the same thing. Literally, found ourselves in a in a moment in life, where we were contemplating suicide at different times of our life, within a mile or two of each other on the same interstate, in the same place, and God healed, and he brought those moments together and and, man, I just I, yeah, I appreciate your story. I appreciate the like, brutal honesty and the exposure of what you're talking about, like, your your your your confidence now for wanting, just like it's explosive when you're sitting here, like, I get I get energy, because I'm like, yes, yes. Like, he really means what he's saying, and I appreciate that. And I think we can move forward in the industry together like that. There's room. I mean, we're growing like the shit. Industry is growing like mad right now, 2020, 2021, is going to be just as big. It sounds like you have to keep putting yourself out there to do better. If you're in sales, if you're in hauling, if you're in building, if you're in rent to own, if you're in the software, whatever it is that you find, and I don't know maybe we'll be a niche to that. I don't know that we fall into that software category. But I think really just exposing, like exposing characters in the industry, but we just love it, man. I don't even know how to explain it. Just

Kyle  22:47
to I told you a little bit of my story yesterday, like the second half of my story, but, yeah, I relate to everything that you're saying. I I have, I've dealt with depression in my past, and I've also thought before I ever dealt with depression. How can people deal with depression? Like, I don't, I've never dealt with it. So, like, you don't understand it, you know what I mean, until you go through it. And it's even hard to understand, even when you're going through it, yeah, and

Richard Miller  23:22
it's hard to understand the rear view mirror, yes, yes, yeah,

Kyle  23:24
yeah, because you feel like you just woke up one day and everything was different, or just, yeah, everything's great, great. Yeah. And numb, and you're you don't feel anything. It's just, but no, I, I so much appreciate what you're saying, what you're doing for the industry in general is amazing. The first time I saw you on Facebook, I was like, Who is the dude with all the charcoal grills, and why does he keep buying them and putting on Facebook that he's putting them in his trunk? And then so I had to, I had to find out who you were, because it was just, it was interesting. So we hit, we have a mutual friend, Irvin Stutzman, over at a summit portable buildings. Shout out to urban, shout out to urban. Great, great guy, Irvin and Nelson over there. They're great, great people. But, and we got to, we got to meet you one day for lunch. And I was like, that's the charcoal

Richard Miller  24:26
grill. You know what's really behind the whole charcoal grill? Please tell me. Yes, I will tell you. So it's Weber's that I like, I got a big green egg. It collecting dust in the corner. That's a whole other conversation. But the whole thing behind the charcoal grilling the food. I actually go out. I'm not going to give you guys my trade secrets, but I go out and I actually grill for our clients, and I put myself in a position of serving rather than just ordering it in. And there's a place for ordering it

Shannon Latham  24:56
in. I noticed not to catch up. I noticed that you. Are. That's passion. You're passionate about that because you were talking about the keynote speaker last night, and you know what? I noticed, what is? He needed help grabbing a bag, and you were the first one to get up and grab something, and you helped him out to the door. And I was like, that's who he is when no one's looking, yeah,

Richard Miller  25:16
and I love that. That's just my friend reference. My dad taught me that it

Shannon Latham  25:20
was like, I saw that, and I think I mentioned that to you last night. I was like, did you see him? Like, I was like, he has that servant type mentality, so go ahead with your taught

Richard Miller  25:29
me that. Yeah, I don't think he ever told me that. He taught me by example. Thank you that it's very kind of you to notice. So I put myself in a position of serving people, and because ultimately, it's not about the food, it's about love. But I hope you love the food. By the way, there's going to come a day when you're going to see that sign off on some videos. So okay, I'm

Shannon Latham  25:53
just looking forward to the opportunity to eat some of this great fish. Are you going to cook for us? Can we? We need to make that happen. Don't you have grills like right now in your car,

Richard Miller  26:03
only four of them, only four.

Shannon Latham  26:06
I have a complete he must have seen the size of us and thought, I don't know if I have enough grills. I don't have four grills. But

Richard Miller  26:13
food and the grilling is a mechanism, is a tool to love on people. Yeah, yeah. And by the way, can I circle back to that depression thing? Yes, sir, I've been there with the suicide thing. When I was in Colorado before I moved to North Carolina, very steep, deep, fast flowing irrigation ditch out the edge of our yard. I can't swim. I was out there, like seeing how muddy the ground was, and like, if I could make my foot slip here and fall in, then it would be an accident. And then I think of my little boy in the house, and I want him to grow up without a dad, so I pull my foot back. That's how close I was, yes, but all that to say is I think one of the things that brings us together is not only the shared background, but but we redemption is a big deal for us, okay? And you think what's redemption got to do with the shed we're talking to. Talk about sheds guys, this rent to own thing is part of a process of redemption for a lot of people that need it, yeah? Like, we see this through that lens, like the guy that, oh, I cringe telling the story because, like, disclaimer, you ain't supposed to live in these buildings. Okay, okay, but we know that it happens, and so I'm gonna tell a story that involves that guy comes in to my office in Texas, and he just got out of prison, 10 years in prison, for a violent felony. Nobody will rent to him. He did secure a job. You don't have a place to live. His dad don't have room, but his dad said, if you get a building, you can put up my backyard and fix it up and live in it. He bought a COVID 32 cabin show, and he put it back there. Almost three years later, he comes in and he says, hey, I want to shake your hand. As I'm choking up remembering this, he said, I want to shake your hand thank you for being part of the process of redemption. What he had told me is that he said I met Jesus in prison. And he said a lot of people meet Jesus in prison. He used quotation marks. He said, he said, it changed my life. I really did. And anyway, he came in, he said, I just want to thank you for being part of that process of redemption and getting back into society in my life. He said, I paid off my building just now, and he said, I'm gonna put it up on the market. I got a house that I'm gonna do on owner finance, so I've got a place to live. I'm buying a house. I'm still at the same job. I've gotten two Promotions. I'm making three times what I started out with. I found an amazing church. I'm plugged in there, and I'm working with a pastor to minister to people who, who people are starting to come to our church, who've been in prison, and we're just like this whole process of redemption, guys, we gave him an option when nobody else would you know what rent to own is, it says, Look, you for whatever reason in your life, and I understand there's a whole segment of the marketplace that needs the flexibility, okay, but a huge part of that they're at a point in their life when they need that option, when the rest of society, the credit based world, says no. And with reason I ain't knocking credit base there's, that's awesome. Like, especially when you get less than 3% financing on truck, like, I just did, that's pretty cool. 2.54%

Shannon Latham  29:11
like, that's restoration right there, right when I left, when I left

Richard Miller  29:15
North Carolina, went to Texas, my credit score was the low five hundreds, and so, yeah, that's God's restoration there. But anyway, so we're saying these people, they're financially fragile. Sometimes they're fragile in a lot of other ways. Maybe they made bad choices, maybe bad things happen to them, probably both, but they're fragile. And we're saying, Hey, we will take a chance on you. We will give you this option. We believe you can do this. Unfortunately, it is expensive compared to financing. Okay, that's part of it. And it's just, I can

Shannon Latham  29:51
hear it to the model. There's so much risk. You know that you that you do take on that. But you know, we always compare it to. And it's just a it's, it feels like it's a true statement to compare it to renting something that you don't own, you know, and putting absolutely no equity into what you don't own. And every moment that it's in your backyard where you can rent out and grab your tools and your lawn mower and your motorcycle and you have the convenience of having the structure there, close to you, and you, you know, it's simply said, as you rent it long enough you're going to own it, and that's, you know, very beneficial. So, yeah, go ahead, continue on.

Richard Miller  30:36
I got a little monolog that I use, like to use to explain the kind of concept of rent to own. Do you mind if I launch it? Bring it on. So in America, when you need a place to live, you have two primary ways to get it. You can rent or you can buy with cash or credit, right? You make the determination according to your circumstances. That's right. So in 2008 I'm leaving North Carolina, going to Texas, and you know where my credit score was low, 500 I had almost no cash, just a little bit I had from selling that shed. I had no I'm starting a brand new commission based job after 10 years of a blank resume, right? Okay, this is my circumstances. Said you will rent, right? There was no other option there 2018 I moved from Texas to Ohio, and I was working for AFG, and I still am, so my job went with me. So I've got a good paying job. I've got a decent amount of cash, you know, for planning for a down payment, etc. My credit scores in the low 800 I'm planning to stay in Ohio indefinitely. Can't believe I said that, but I never thought I'd live in Ohio, but I'm having a blast. It's a great I live in an old house on a brick street that was made built. The bricks were laid in the early 1900s it's just very cool.

Shannon Latham  31:52
So it sounds like I'm getting my Weber stake before you, because Ohio is my territory. There you go. I'm gonna make I'm gonna have to have a reason to go by, gotta go

Kyle  32:01
down to Texas at some point, though.

Richard Miller  32:02
Hey, I will. I will make that happen. You call me if I'm if I'm off the road, I'll make it happen. So, so and the housing market was conducive to buying. So my circumstances said it makes sense to buy with credit. Now, let's say I move up here to Pennsylvania to work for Dave for six months consulting. Let's say I have ten million in the bank. Okay? I don't be nice. My circumstances say it makes sense to rent. We assign no moral judgment to that decision, right? It's circumstance driven. That's right. What's best for your circumstances? Now you need a storage place. You can rent a storage unit in town. It might be 20 miles from you. That's reality for some people, or across town, whatever the case, it's inconvenient. Some of them are pretty insecure. That's kind of a dirty secret in this, in the storage rental unit world of how many of them get broken into, or, as in the case, down where your coworker, Sam Byler, lives locally. There, there was a woman abducted. So they put lights and cameras up, and six months later, another woman was abducted in the same one. So, you know, I don't want to make people fearful, but that's not a good situation, just from the security angle. Then they are inflexible. You can't put your lawn mower in. Well, you could, but do you want to go drive across town to get your lawn mower every time you need to mow your lawn? No, so you go store it. How at home now the lawn mower exposed, yeah, and then the payments never quit, okay? But it's fair. You're exchanging value for value. I give you money, you give me access to storage space, the use of it month after month. Okay? So that's a fair exchange of value. Nothing wrong with that. Model just got some drawbacks. Or if you have cash or credit, you can buy a storage building in the configuration that you want. You can put the doors and windows wherever you want and the style you want. There's all kinds of styles of sheds out. There's some beautiful stuff, some more basic stuff. You can do whatever you want in the size you want, and the convenience of your backyard with all the accompanying security there, they're flexible. You can have Chris store your Christmas stuff in the loft. You store your lawn mower in there. Have one part potting shed, pool house, gotta clean you've been

Shannon Latham  34:12
in my shed out back. No describing. So this is

Richard Miller  34:17
a fantastic option, right? I mean, whatever you want, you can do, as long as you have cash or credit. What if you don't have cash or credit, and the storage unit is not a good solution, kind of like I mentioned in my first story about my personal experience, what then? That's where we come in, in the rent to own this industry, we say we will rent you a storage building. You don't need cash or credit, you just rent it on a month to month basis, with all the benefits of buying one with cash or credit, except that continue the monthly exchange of value for value. If it stopped, right there guys, it would be the same thing as a house. There would be no morality assigned to it. Nobody would say, Oh, my God. On how much did that cost me? You know, I'm saying you wouldn't have those conversations. It would be circumstance driven. We would assign no morality to it. But we offer an optional path to ownership, optional. You don't have to, but if you want it, you can do the early purchase option, or you can make all the rental payments, we give it to you, and then all of a sudden we see it through a completely different lens that is completely inaccurate, and then it looks like something sleazy, and that's bizarre to me. When you really understand it, that's where we come in. We are out there on the front lines, training the sales people, that's right, that interface with the public, and educating them, one sales person at a time, and then they educate 100 customers and 200 customers and bring people's understanding perception of rent to own into alignment with the reality of what it is. A beautiful although being expensive, way get that it's unavoidable, way for people to move their life forward. Yeah, that's huge. Yeah, part of it, no,

Shannon Latham  36:04
absolutely. I think, I think that it's important the sales, the sales professionals that are out there, I mean, they, they literally make or break the not only the sale, but they make or break in many ways, the way, the vision you're trying to put forward for not just rent, owned, but rent owned, but for your company? We found ourselves so many times doing, you know where we're training, and we're hearing sometimes even people have been in the industry for a long time saying, Oh, I never looked at it that way, or I never saw it from that angle, or I never stopped to learn because I'm so busy. I'm wearing so many hats with somebody that we signed up recently, and me and Kyle were doing the training, and the owner said he just kept thanking us. Thank you. It's like, we're doing our job, and he's like, No, thank you, because I needed this. Thank you because my sales people needed this. So we're sitting there talking about sales philosophy. We're talking about how you approach and describe rent to own from start to beginning or or if you're just passively using it as an opportunity to sell, you will actually increase, not only your business, but you will increase the potential for you to have a long term business if you continue to do things in the right order and that is learning you don't get to bypass the hard stuff. You don't get to bypass the hard years. Yeah, those are very few and far between that someone doesn't get the blood, sweat and tears to eventually get the gains. You're gonna have to go through something in life, in your business, in your marriage, and something and and I think that's what it is, is you have to sit down and you have to get the mindset right with the the dealer and with the manufacturer to say, this is what we provide. Can you share that with your customer the right way? Because your customer ultimately becomes our customer. So we have something vested here. You know, the model, I like to say a lot of times, is, you know, America, you know you were talking about your monolog and, and I'll say, you know, you have two basic forms of business. You have a product that you can sell or a service you can offer. I mean, we're doing both. We're having to see both sides of that. Our customer, the dealer, is selling a product that we eventually own and providing a service to a customer that we eventually serve. Yep, that's very dynamic. So you have, you have a whole lot there that you have to sort of supervise.

Richard Miller  38:33
It is actually a fairly complex arrangement, because we, who is our customer? Is it the dealer, or is it the end user the barn? It's both, yeah. And so it has a lot of complexities to it, but it's all, you know, part of the game. It's all fun, by the way, you talked about sales philosophy and about, you know, what our philosophy is behind what we do, and just like I said about the food in the end, well, let me back up. Let me rephrase that. I like to say that do it for love. And people say, Man, that's hokey. You got to make a profit. Make a profit for love. You know, like love, I say guys, love should be the foundation of everything we do, yeah, including rent to own, selling a shed, building a shed, delivering a shed, make it do it from love because you care

Kyle  39:21
about people. That's right, love thy neighbor. Yep, exactly when

Richard Miller  39:25
you do that, then when you say, well, we're going to focus on excellence this year. Why? Because we love our our employees, our our clients, our customers. Do it for love.

Shannon Latham  39:36
Yeah, I love it. No pun intended. That's great. I love it. You got anything else for for Richard here? Kyle, no

Kyle  39:47
no, Richard, if you don't care, just tell people how to find you.

Shannon Latham  39:53
We'll make sure to edit out all that part and

Kyle  39:56
say, when you say, afghans.com We'll, we'll put smart. And the tag instead,

Shannon Latham  40:01
it's gonna sound really weird, as he's giving us commercial then you hear you should call Be sure to check out smart pay. By

Richard Miller  40:08
the way, as you guys know, I put a picture up on Facebook of me with you two guys last night. Yes, and and for those of us that are those that are listening to the podcast, all three of us have shaved heads, big bush beards and we're none of us are skinny. Okay,

Shannon Latham  40:27
thank you. Set up the most skinny. Shannon, yes, okay, you know, I'll take it.

Richard Miller  40:34
But somebody said, Aren't you guys supposed to be enemies under that? Because we work for, you know, two different companies like, I know the guy was joking. I know, sure, but I look at that and those people that think that I can't wrap my head around that idea, yeah, if somebody wants to be my enemy because they're competitor, I still love them. Yep, and love thy neighbor Exactly. Anyway, I'm Richard Miller with AFG rentals, and if anyone wants reach out to me, you can reach me at Richard at AFG rentals with an S on the end there.com, Richard, AFG rentals.com, or you could give me a call or text me on my cell phone, 817-659-9925, and that's how you get a hold of it. Sounds

Shannon Latham  41:14
great. You're gonna get a good steak. So

Kyle  41:17
what territories are you in, Richard? I'm

Richard Miller  41:18
actually kind of a dealer representative for everything, for the entire my title is Director of Client Relations. Okay? So I'm not out there soliciting new clients. At this point. I am taking care of our existing clients, gotcha. And right now we have clients from coast to coast and basically border to border.

Shannon Latham  41:35
Well, then if you get new clients, you can just send them to

Kyle  41:38
me. Yeah, you're not looking for new clients, right? I have, I have referred people. I'm sure Corey won't mind. I've

Richard Miller  41:43
referred people to you guys who were not who I thought were good but we're not a good fit, yeah, for our company, and I'll happily do that. Well, they're not a good fit for us. They might be

Kyle  41:53
for you. I do the same. Thank

Richard Miller  41:54
you, Ed. We

Shannon Latham  41:55
appreciate that. Well, we, we've been here with Richard Miller and the 2021 shed all our bash. It's been an excellent time. Really feel like we found, or just continued a friendship with someone in the industry. Please take from this that that's what what our intent is. So use the energy that you hear here in this podcast today, move forward to love your neighbor today. I think that's the message that we got today. All right. Thank you, Richard, we appreciate you joining us. Appreciate

Mo Lunsford  42:33
you. Thank you for listening to another episode of the shed geek podcast here at Union Grove lumber studios.

Shannon Latham  42:41
To know more about the shed geek podcast, visit us@shedgeek.com

Mo Lunsford  42:46
and for all your lumber needs, call one of the team members at 704-539-5506, or visit us online@uniongrovelumber.com you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai