Unknown Speaker  00:02
I actually just had this profound realization that one of the things about my introvert nature is just that I don't have the tactical skills. And sometimes I have head trash that keep me from acting like an

Unknown Speaker  00:16
like an extrovert.

Unknown Speaker  00:20
For example, I didn't have any skills on how to jump into a conversation and actually engage with the conversation.

Unknown Speaker  00:30
What this end up ended up meeting for me is that when people would start a conversation, and they would already be talking, I would assume that it wasn't polite to actually enter in. And this is kind of an unspoken rule that kept me locked into introvert state. And I think this is one of the reasons that I found it so frustrating was that was that when people were already in a conversation, I wouldn't join in. So I ended up feeling like an introvert because I didn't thrive on

Unknown Speaker  00:54
that type of interaction.

Unknown Speaker  00:57
One of the things that's been really helpful for me is to go ahead and jump into the middle of the conversation and see what's going on.

Unknown Speaker  01:07
The other aspect of it is that I didn't always have good questions to ask. And I didn't have the tactics that I needed to actually engage in conversation, which is things like explore, to find something that's meaningful to them, ask questions about what they're doing, or what their interests are.

Unknown Speaker  01:26
And so by learning some of these basic questions, questioning skills, I'm able to go deeper into their world and engage with them. And this is actually what makes makes me act like an introvert. I mean, that's what makes me back like an extrovert.

Unknown Speaker  01:58
In that case, it actually makes sense why I was confused as to my role

Unknown Speaker  02:04
and why I would end up in an introverted sales position or rather engineering position, or rather, as a programmer. The problem is that it didn't realize that I was actually extroverted when it was when I

Unknown Speaker  02:15
seem to be introverted. The reason I seem to be introverted was because of these skills. And also because I had developed a really strong mental cognitive ability because I was really able to engage deeply with these kinds of people.

Unknown Speaker  02:28
And there are with these types of problems. Sorry about

Unknown Speaker  02:32
my kind of rambling a little bit at the moment,

Unknown Speaker  02:35
because I was able to engage so deeply with these types of intellectual problems, it became assume that I was an introvert because I was so in touch with my emotions. It was also assumed that I was an introvert and sometimes when you take such a strong interest in other people, it's some people assume that to be an extrovert, you have to be highly interested in yourself, which is really being a statistic not being extroverted.

Unknown Speaker  03:01
However, once I realized that I was actually introverted,

Unknown Speaker  03:09
I'm sorry, once I realized that I was actually extroverted than it completely changed the game of what I think that my actual strengths are, I actually think I've got a really, really strong gift in being able to engage with people and to pull things out of people and to listen to people and make them feel heard and understood. And so that's actually a gift. And that's something that's more than just the gift of gab. It's the gift and the ability to interact with

Unknown Speaker  03:40
a lot of different types of people.

Unknown Speaker  03:43
So one of the natural questions that is with this kind of skill, or this kind of gift, what's the best way to actually use this in the in the marketplace? I think what natural places that I've made great networker but it probably also that I'm a great salesperson out of it. But is there something else is this maybe we're part of the coaching aspect actually comes into it.

Unknown Speaker  04:10
Oh, I think

Unknown Speaker  04:12
everybody before that just coaching. But perhaps this could be accepted around executive coaching?

Unknown Speaker  04:20
I don't know. I'm not quite sure where to go with that. I think that's a great question that has, but I'm

Unknown Speaker  04:24
not quite sure where to go with it.

Unknown Speaker  04:27
One of the other things that's really interesting about myself is that I often switch between

Unknown Speaker  04:36
be a it seems like once I fall out of the groove of being in the extrovert mode, that I fall into kind of this other unusual place, which is, it's actually hard for me to get around other people and engage with them,

Unknown Speaker  04:58
what are the things that's really interesting about I was that I was a lot more comfortable being myself, and I wasn't worried when I wasn't actively part of the conversation. I didn't have that kind of anxiety or shame or anything like that, that was playing along with it. So that was interesting.

Unknown Speaker  05:14
But I really wonder if there's something more to this whole thing of falling out of the extrovert space in the relational space. And if there's something that's there, that when I

Unknown Speaker  05:23
fall out of that space, there's actually head trash that kind of keeps be locked into that where I kind of end up being in that same place

Unknown Speaker  05:33
all over again, and it makes it really hard for me to get out of it.

Unknown Speaker  05:38
I think I've also starting to realize that relating with people and face to face selling is one of my strong points and one of my gifts

Unknown Speaker  05:48
and I think that this whole thing, it's really underutilized. The reason why I've kind of recluse or recruited into

Unknown Speaker  05:57
my own little isolated area is simply because that's the only thing that I've known and I didn't realize exactly how

Unknown Speaker  06:05
good I was in some of these things. And so I think what it actually means is that I should be focusing more of my time on trying to build relationships directly instead of trying to

Unknown Speaker  06:22
trying to do some of these other types of marketing


Transcribed by https://otter.ai