Matthias Miller  00:00
Hello, this is Matthias following you back. Hey, yes, and I just went back over my text messages, and I got to confuse with somebody else, so we were just texting and we haven't spoken yet. No wonder you're confused ever anyway, my understanding is you're you're at premiers Dublin location. Is that right? That is okay. So I've been, I mentioned this a little bit to rich, but I've been working with them on just digging into the business. And how do we how do we make things better? How do we grow? What are ways to improve? And one of the interesting things that jumped out at me is that numbers lie all the time. So there's that. But when I look at your numbers, you're turning inventory over three times every year. So that means inventory is sitting on your lot for only about four months before it gets sold, which is good. And I was just curious to hear from your perspective, lots of people have different reasons for it, location, type of building, salesmanship. I was just curious to hear your perspective and improving this as a good thing from your perspective, what, what contributes to that,

Unknown Speaker  01:25
what contributes to what

Matthias Miller  01:28
you you are moving. You're moving your inventory quite well. From the from, from what I can see on my end, when a building, the inventory building shows up, it sits there about four months before it Yeah,

Speaker 1  01:45
okay, I understand. And, and that's what you're asking about, is, what do you think? What do I think keeps them turning of course, location is a good thing. They've got a decent location on the lot. I think my previous building experience and rapport with the customers is a big plus. Oh, let's see. I mean, other than that, I couldn't they've got a good price point compared to competitors as well. I mean, yeah, fairly competitive with the quality of buildings. So quality of building, good price, good location. And I, you know, I think the rapport has a lot to do with it.

Matthias Miller  02:35
What's your what's your background? Prior

Speaker 1  02:42
time? Higher contractor, contract. Well, brick mason, slash concrete contractor, dealing with customers all the time.

Matthias Miller  02:52
Yeah. So it's like, I mean, if I had to put words in your mouth, it's like, like, I've got product knowledge, because that's been my world, and I've learned between being gifted at being good at people and spending time in the real world working with people who are sometimes cranky and finicky,

Speaker 1  03:13
yeah, but it's not something Yeah. It's not something you toot your horn about, but it's just something that I hear feedback from, well, this guy sent me because you seem to know what you're doing and blah, blah, blah, not pulling the wool over my eyes, you know, trying to sell them a fast, something slick, or anything like that. But the experience, I think, yeah, they know what you're talking about, very quick. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  03:38
no, it makes sense. I get it quickly. It. There's a proverbs about letting other people how good you are drinking your own too late. So I get that. What's your what's your process when they when somebody pulls up the lot, how do you interact with them? What do you do?

Speaker 1  04:08
Well, generally, I wait for them to come in. I used to go out and meet them on the lot, but that seemed to put up more barriers than it then it didn't so and then I guess my attitude is, what do you need? What are you looking for? What can I help you with? Trying to help them understand or hear what their needs are, and then showing them what we have to match that

Matthias Miller  04:35
makes them do you. I uh, do you send quotes home with them? Do you follow up with them? Do most of them, pretty seriously, stay on the hook and come back, or what does that look like?

Speaker 1  04:55
Generally, no follow up. I will if they ask me to. But generally, we have the information we can send home with them, that if they are not pulling the trigger right there, that you know, it's solid information that they can discuss with their spouse, and again, if they've done their homework at all, that you know, the quality of the building, and just the process, I think, on even building what they want, they realize it's, yeah, they can get what they want for, you know, not A, not a whole lot of wait time and stuff like that. So, no, I don't do hardly any follow up at all.

Matthias Miller  05:45
And another question is, do you feel like other shed companies I've heard from different different areas, a little different things that I didn't know what it's like in your area. Do you feel like other shed companies are turning up the heat, trying to, you mentioned, kind of pulling a fast one, and you don't want to, obviously, you don't want to throw other people under the bus, but I'm not asking you to do that. But is there, like other competitors in your area, more of a like, I don't know. Let's use urgency. Let's, let's give a few details. Let's turn up the heat a little bit to close customers.

Speaker 1  06:30
I mean, there might be some of that, but generally it's in the lower end buildings, right? A lower quality buildings. I you know, you haven't heard a whole lot of that, but that, from what I did here, that's the lots that we're doing it right

Matthias Miller  06:47
and then, and then, is it fair to say? And this is basically a guess leading question, so please tell me if I'm wrong, that you end up working with more of your on the higher end clientele, people who more sophisticated fire, looking for fair price, fair value, good quality, not necessarily looking for the deal, but not a little More on the upper end of the market.

Speaker 1  07:21
I say percentage is probably, oh, maybe 30% on the higher end. The rest of might be middle to lower range. Okay. I mean the lower the lower range people are the rent to own folks. They just want something to get by. Can I afford the payment type of thing?

Matthias Miller  07:47
Yeah, makes sense. If there were one, two or three things that could change that would make your life easier, I know, I know, one of the things straight up is the EBMs double entry that can be a hassle sometimes. But what are the things that come to mind that, yeah, make your life better easier, hope you sell more. You Yeah,

Speaker 1  08:23
West floor is actually selling more for me, it would be having something available to move buildings around. I don't have anything. I've got to stick with wherever the driver happens to stick to buildings. I don't shuffle the inventory. I think that'd be a big plus.

Matthias Miller  08:47
Can you the plus side of that is fresh looks or,

Speaker 1  08:54
yeah, catches her eye, makes them look again, brings in the ones that we're thinking about stopping, but happen to see a different building, or their building gone that they were looking at, or something like that.

Unknown Speaker  09:07
Yeah, yeah, exactly, exactly.

Speaker 1  09:14
But otherwise, like I say, getting them in as the main thing once they're in, I don't know percentages we would lose, but because of their quality and the price point, which is good on both ends, it tends to, you know, help do the deal. Yeah, not the shoddy stuff. I mean, you hear him make comments about while the guy down the road, they're two foot on center, we're 16 on center. Blah, blah, blah, different things you hear along that line, yeah, but that would be the main thing, having somebody push the advertising maybe a little bit more or so. Everything's, you know, going online, they've, they've got a good online presence, yeah, I mean, that might help a bit. I don't know Sure.

Matthias Miller  10:13
Do you what's your success? Like, my understanding is that rich will push over the leads. Any leads that come in online, is and is that? Is that happening for you? And then what's your experience with some of those online leads?

Speaker 1  10:34
Online leads? I mean, I have access to the email, and he's just, I mean, he'll push ones in another area to another sales rep or something, but I have access to the leads that come in online success, very low. Yeah, 10% maybe, if that, as far as inquiries to sales, good percent overall, that's what I would guess it at without actually tracking it

Matthias Miller  11:11
well. And it's not, I mean, I would be there are things you can do to drive that up, but I wouldn't beat yourself up over 10% of that. Gotcha. I've I've seen this is on the low end. I was working with it, with a company. One of the reps was doing about five and I was like, Well, I think there's some gaps here in the salesmanship, but it's just natural with with online leave it. There's a number of factors,

Speaker 1  11:49
but so many of them are so far away, yeah, and that might be high, but yeah, so many of them are, yeah, long distance, and that kind of comes and goes. But a lot of them are, you know, mileage comes into play on delivery. And there's just, yeah, the park price wise,

Matthias Miller  12:11
huh? Okay, so we could narrow that to, so if you, if you, I've actually heard this a lot, it's kind of or from a number of different places, I should say, um, should say interesting that from a marketing perspective, it's so hard to get geographic targeting down because it's not supposed to be but, but if you just look at people who were closer to your area, do you Think you're like, within 50 miles or something like that? Does that go up to go up to 20 or 30% do you think or not,

Speaker 1  12:49
as far as if you're limited to the No, actually, my sales online have been longer distances, so

Matthias Miller  12:56
you're more likely to sell long distance online than you're buying. Yeah,

Speaker 1  13:04
what do you think? Availability? Okay, a community communication. Availability. They're looking for specialty stuff, you know, $12,000 dog kennel. Or, you know, they're not looking for a $3,000 building,

Unknown Speaker  13:24
interesting,

Speaker 1  13:26
so they don't mind. I mean, you know, they've already know they're paying the money, and if they can get it and get it shipped to them, a little mileage, ain't gonna hold them off,

Matthias Miller  13:37
right? Exactly, if they're spending that much on a dog kennel, that's right, they get more in the project to start with.

Matthias Miller  13:51
Very interesting. Are there other types of specialty products where you've seen other examples of those types of specialty stuff.

Speaker 1  14:04
No, mostly it's animal shelters that are specialty things, run in and shed barns, I mean barns for horses, type of things, dog kennels.

Matthias Miller  14:21
Interesting. All right. Well, that's helpful. And I think one last question, and as far as availability, is the availability specific, specifically for how do the availability of animal shelters, and how much is I was really hoping for this type of building, and I want it in a week, and you happen to have it in the live,

Unknown Speaker  14:50
you're asking, What about that now?

Matthias Miller  14:52
Yeah, do you have a lot, a lot of the

Speaker 1  14:56
Oh no, not the product. No. I. Yeah, it's more custom built. And they don't mind a little, you know, three to four weeks as long as you know. And then when there again, when you're talking to them, they, they seem to understand that, you know what you're talking about. Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, you see what I'm saying. This is what I really want, this is the way I want it, blah, blah, blah, and that just makes the connection. I think that, again, you're dealing with people that money's not a real issue on a lot of times.

Matthias Miller  15:36
All right, that's helpful. Well, if you think of anything else to be helpful on your end, feel free to holler, okay, you're

Unknown Speaker  15:46
tied in with what company.

Matthias Miller  15:49
So I'm independent company called Code house here in Colorado. I have been working with Colorado shed company out here in Colorado, gotcha and some of those stuff. And then rich hired me to stick, stick my nose, nose in the business. Sure see what kind of opportunities we have to make things better. So

Speaker 1  16:14
yeah, I'm I'm actually leaving the company the first of the month. Little hard to do, but we'll be opening my own lot after the first year. So yeah, they've, they've treated me really well. Good come to your workforce.

Unknown Speaker  16:33
Good luck on that, on that

Speaker 1  16:37
venture. Right now. I'm sorry. Oh, I said, I said, good, good luck on your Oh, well, thank you. Yes, on your own, yeah. Well, great day. I'm just a young Bucha. I'm only 67 so you know Michael,

Matthias Miller  16:50
well, you know the story about Colonel Sanders and all that. So, yeah, I'm not quite half that, but past half that, but whatever I get, you know, discombobulated. I have people in my life like you really, you've got lots of time be patient. There

Speaker 1  17:12
you go. So, but you'll get there before you know it. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:19
all right. Well, wonderful talking to

Speaker 1  17:21
you. All right. Same here, Matthias, all right, Tom, all right, we'll do all right, we'll see you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai