Matthias Miller  01:20
Good morning, Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  01:23
How are you, my friend.

Matthias Miller  01:25
I'm tired and alive, and here

Unknown Speaker  01:30
sounds about right.

Speaker 1  01:35
How are you? I'm good. I'm good. Same tired, alive. Here. Perfect. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:45
long as you're on the same page everything,

Matthias Miller  01:48
yeah, I had a podcast on Monday, and it got the most off the ball question that it was not prepared for and like, 45 minutes in, he's like so we both share the same thing. And if this is true, then we're friends for life. I hear that you like art by Makoto fujimora, and he proceeds to go down this little rabbit rabbit trail about it, and some of Bucha his perspectives in art and culture and generative art and stuff like that, completely caught me off guard. And I was just not prepared for that. The only thing I had, I was like, Look, man, I have nothing to top this. Like, this is just, yes, he's got, like, multiple pieces of his art and all this other kind of stuff. I'm like, I It's so my point being, it's fascinating to me, how I was talking with a friend of mine, how when you meet somebody, and then you start plumbing the depths of the similarities, how deep the similarities of life experiences and even interests and things like that end up going even if you only saw the tip of the iceberg. So we're on par. If we're

Unknown Speaker  03:13
right, you're tired.

Matthias Miller  03:15
All

Speaker 2  03:17
right. Anyway, who knows how far the how deep down that iceberg goes exactly,

Speaker 1  03:26
man, what have you been I can tell a little bit from the post that you sent, but What have you been experiencing?

Matthias Miller  03:40
Well, it's been a tremendous amount of financial pressure with some pads out, but

Matthias Miller  03:56
here I'm

Speaker 1  03:59
gonna and I have nothing that I can do about that, other than pray, other than pray, other than surrender.

Matthias Miller  04:11
And I mean, and there's prayer, and there's very fascinating people who have very interesting things to say about the fact that the Bible doesn't use the word boundaries, but you can establish appropriate boundaries.

Matthias Miller  04:33
And it's, it's baffling. I think one

Matthias Miller  04:40
of the hardest things for me is I can't even fathom what goes on in somebody's mind to make a decision like that, I.

Matthias Miller  05:07
But even to your point, we like to live with the illusion of control and that we can set a boundary, and by setting a boundary, we protect ourselves. Yeah, how? How, how the boundary setting helped the Jews in Germany. I mean, right,

Speaker 1  05:30
when Jesus consistently set boundaries with religious leaders and scribes, they just crossed over them. Right? They ran. I mean, I even crossed over. They bulldozed over him, bulldozing

Unknown Speaker  05:42
more like, Yeah,

Speaker 1  05:49
John the Baptist got killed for setting a boundary. Herod, it's not okay for you to marry your brother's wife. Not okay. That's what got him killed. I

Matthias Miller  06:11
somebody commented on my post. She's like, French, there's a French, French president or something,

Matthias Miller  06:30
anyway, yeah, like the French president who had 30 assassination attempts, and people were like, You should probably go into hiding, like, or you should Whatever. And he's like, No, I have a job to do. They have a job to do. The assassins have a job to do. Like, I'm going to do my job. They do their job. You know? Like, yeah,

Speaker 1  06:57
powerful point, right? Yeah, I have a job to do. And I recognize you have a job to do. Now, where that job comes from, you know? That's you should pay attention to, you know? But we have a job to do. I i

Matthias Miller  07:34
when there's also this, I think one of the so my upbringing is from

Matthias Miller  07:49
one of my friends. This friend I was talking about, Richard, he says that. So the non resistant background just means that we're not physically violent. We're only not physically violent. But But, I think the idea of part of the one of the breakdowns of the Western American Dream mentality is the idea that your life is your own and that you need to preserve it. And a wartime mentality doesn't really support that. It's, it's, I am on. I mean, you know, I've had conversations about, what is it? Maybe, what? How do Navy SEALs think and operate? And there's an embrace of pain. There's a tactical precision, there's a planned execution, there's a a team support. But then there's also, and there's also this recognition that I am not the guy at the top of the of the food chain, or not the food chain, but top of command, and that should I give my life for this mission? That the mission will continue and my role will be replaced, and that's my part in the story, right?

Matthias Miller  09:30
All right, that's great.

Speaker 1  09:35
There's a humility in that, right? I have a part to play in this story. And write the story. I have a part to play. I play my part, and then I move on. That's the that's the concept that the armchair shirt. Cannot internalize.

Matthias Miller  10:08
Can you expound? I was

Speaker 1  10:11
thinking about this a lot yesterday, like I said, I was writing about this for a while, and then yesterday, when you said, it was like, Oh, wow, we're on the same page. I But the armchair Sherpa gets value from directing others, from being a part of their story, of writing their story.

Matthias Miller  10:37
Do you know what's fascinating? So if I add up the cost of, I don't even want to add up the cost of trying to be part of other people's stories. For me financially, like, let's just just do financial Yeah, and just that alone, even this year, it's a very embarrassing amount.

Matthias Miller  11:18
But there's layers upon layers that make people do that. It's never having felt safe in volatile situations. It's lack of courage, some of which you can probably speak better into than I can, but mean one of the fundamentals of attachment theory is a home base, and that becomes foundation for which you venture into the unknown. So not having that home base, internally or relationally in some capacity, I never hearing relying on things Like

Matthias Miller  12:15
reason thought, externalizing, basically externalized thinking instead of leaning into inner knowing or

Matthias Miller  12:34
and then here's another really interesting Question, which is the price of one of my mentors talks about that. We talked on to his tribe on Monday about people who will cancel $1,000 a year subscription because they don't get any value out of it, speaking of his own customers, and his point being that, and in this particular case, I would agree it's not true of everybody, but in particular this particular case, this is because they weren't willing to put in the work, really, and barely any work, to extract value in his in his point. But his point was not. His point was how expensive, how valuable wisdom is, and how expensive Bali is. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  13:44
I had a client once who every program that came across the board, every video series, every and they went into debt

Unknown Speaker  13:58
to pay for all these things for years, and most of them were never watched. They were just in the holster for when they needed them.

Speaker 1  14:12
But in that for years, I think there's the subtle thing that this thing will fix me, and I think that's the price you pay for that's the folly. Is nothing can fix you. It's you in the place of choice where you choose wisdom, to face it, to go through it, to learn from it, or you choose the folly of push it off to another day. I just need to learn a little bit more,

Matthias Miller  14:51
which goes into the fascinating so Baxter Kruger's book. When you start with the the root. Do lie become separation, because at the point of separation, then you have a point of fixing. And if you can spend your life fixing something that isn't broken, then you can keep people from living what was already out of what was already whole, right or not whole union. I like, I in, I don't know, like

Speaker 1  15:27
I've had a, I don't even know what I would call him, a faith healer, a cult leader who's been in a war with me for seven, eight years. He's been at war with me. I haven't been with him. I have nothing to say about him or think about him, but constantly he invite he he offers these prayer sessions where you can he can fix the problem that you're dealing with, whether it's a relationship or it's financial or it's, you know, whatever the case may be, on numerous occasions, I've said to him, you think that the problem is they need to be fixed. I think the issue is they need to be known. And that's where we're going to fundamentally disagree, right? Because you believe that you believe the lie of separation, yeah, and I believe the truth of union, and we're never going to agree, yeah? And I think that's where it breaks down. To me, the fundamental question. When we boil everything down, we take all of the paraphernalia away, of our lives, of our experiences, everything, there's one question we have to ask which tells us what path we're on. I think it is, what do you put your trust in? That's the fundamental question for me, thanks to the question that Solomon's asking in Ecclesiastes,

Unknown Speaker  17:11
are you chasing after the wind, or are you still trusting the Lord I

Matthias Miller  17:26
so I have a friend of mine who was grew up in a church environment where the basic premise was separation and experience many very misguided deliverance sessions to try to get her set free, and had this internal rage against God because even her perspective then of Jesus on the cross was one of separation. And then she started reading Brennan Manning, which is a dangerous, dangerous place to go for somebody

Speaker 1  18:14
raised in that environment. Oh, yeah, in that environment.

Matthias Miller  18:19
And she started looking at that from the perspective of God participating in human suffering, and started experiencing one, I mean, the lie of separation started, you know, she started breaking the illusion of the lie of separation, which she found very disconcerting. And there was this period, and I've experienced this at various points. I'm sure you have to where you're there's kind of this. All the evidence points to this, but all the experience is this. So if I were to be become deceived in some way, like, how would I know? But it's fascinating. It's been absolutely fascinating to watch the simple transformation that's happened because, just because love,

Matthias Miller  19:26
so, so, okay, but so pragmatically, I

Matthias Miller  19:37
think I'm part of the Only answer. But pragmatically, if you're in a place,

Matthias Miller  19:51
it feels trust feels less relevant when the stakes are. Are low, but when you have people putting demands on you in some way or the other, or life is putting demands on you, and the stakes feel high. And for people like me, who have defaulted to over functioning,

Matthias Miller  20:32
what does, what does faith look like in the like it feels like it feels like most times this decision is presented in a false dichotomy between, well, you either are busy doing your stuff or you're living a monastic lifestyle, and that's the false choice between trust versus not trust. But it's not that's not the right choice. But what does trust look like in the real world of navigating real demands and real pressure?

Speaker 1  21:12
Such a profound question, and I don't think it looks the same for everybody. I think it looks different for everybody, depending on circumstances and situations that you're currently in. But bottom line, I think it looks like surrender every moment

Speaker 1  21:40
Jesus talks to this young man, and the young man gives him his resume. And every you know, I've these are all the things I've done. What else do I need to do? Jesus says, Go sell everything you have, give it to the poor. Follow me. It was the one thing that he couldn't give up. And I think in the daily surrender and walking, there's a one thing that we're having difficulty giving up, and that's the thing he's going after. I think that's different for everybody.

Matthias Miller  22:20
You and I have had conversations around money as an example. And it's been fascinating to me to watch how the journey, my journey through financially Rocky, uncertain times, has removed a whole depth of negative emotion about negative or positive emotion around having or not having money, and until this moment, when I was talking about the positive emotion, which basically came up by accident, and they didn't think about the fact of how much positive emotion I had associated at the highest peak of my business. It was like, I am on top of the world. I'm incredible. I'm this is wonderful and but then there's this equal and opposite. When things aren't going well, I'm terrible. I'm a bad person, bad business failure, the world is coming to an end, and very much in the middle of the rebuilding part of that that, if I'm even there yet, but the there's also, there's a trust that removing the negative, defanging the negative part of money will also, I mean, things come in pairs. So you, you, you pull out the Fang, the negative thing when money is absent, you'll remove the negative bang when money is present.

Matthias Miller  24:08
My point being that many times difficult. I mean really we talk about the valley, the desert, that much of that journey is just reiterating what we've talked about before, but it's removing the dependence on things we thought we needed something for the journey and we don't, or there's an extra weight or a burden that We've attached to it that we don't actually need. And so the difficult things that we go through are actually to set

Unknown Speaker  24:49
us free. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:50
set us free. Cut those things off. And the more deeply that we're attached to, it often the more painful that process actually is. Yeah.

Speaker 1  25:02
Yeah, we feel, I feel like it's losing an organ, something that was intended to be there, that's purposeful, beneficial, that kind of thing. But really it's removing a parasite. Yeah, I remember, I was in Tanzania once, mid 2000s and did this, you know, group meeting for this pastor and a lot of tribal people, and at the end they wanted to feed me. I was like, okay, like, remember, like, a potluck. They slaughtered the goat right there and just started roasting it. I was like, oh, man, no, there's, there's not, it's the kids not going to turn out. Well, I couldn't say no, so I ate. And like, one of the pastors was actually feeding me, which I thought was quite weird, but he was like, feeding me, like wanting me to eat out of his hand. I'm like, this is a whole weird situation for me. Long story short, week and a half later, I get home and just all sorts of intestinal distress and everything like I got a parasite, and the antibiotics to get rid of that parasite are worse than the actual old sickness. He was horrible. But it just reminds me of, like, what it's like to get that parasite out of us. The antibiotic you're taking, the spiritual antibiotic, is actually worse than the situation, but then I'm free of it, but it took take some time and it's painful.

Matthias Miller  26:50
Wow.

Unknown Speaker  26:59
Wow. I

Matthias Miller  27:21
all, yeah, there's a lot of the parasite images is interesting because there's a living thing that feels like it's part of you that has an appetite and has demands energy resources. I

Matthias Miller  27:45
compared to not something that I've experienced, but pregnancy in which you also have a living organism inside of you that also has an appetite, that also changes your cravings, that also demands your energy

Unknown Speaker  28:03
resources and

Matthias Miller  28:05
resources.

Matthias Miller  28:21
So forgiveness, okay, it seems like many times, well, there are different ways that we kind of have this awakening moment to the parasite or to the, you know, the glass shattering event that we've talked about. Sometimes it's an external event that's completely outside of our control, death, cancer, market turns all of those types of things, yeah. But sometimes it's invoked by well, and sometimes in those cases, God becomes the agent that we blame, yeah, or probably, probably most times, if we need an agent to blame, it's

Unknown Speaker  29:19
God, yeah. But

Matthias Miller  29:24
then there's other times where the glass sharing event happens directly at the hands of somebody who made an intentional choice for reasons that we don't understand, to cross or violate a boundary or intentionally sabotage our lives. Yep, I'm just Judas. Judas, who for, you know, murder for hire.

Matthias Miller  29:57
So I'm, I'm very curious. Be okay. So I'm curious about a lot of different dimensions of this. I think I'm curious of this because I'm

Matthias Miller  30:15
personally curious because of my own journey, because when you started talking about forgiveness,

Matthias Miller  30:28
it didn't make sense, much less in the way that you were describing about embodying forgiveness doesn't really make immediate sense. I

Matthias Miller  30:46
but I'm very curious about so I'm very curious about two things, one, one the process that people go on to embrace forgiveness as an answer, and curious because of myself, and even though I didn't see much of this journey firsthand, my dad went on similar journey where he came to this point of recognizing that forgiveness actually was the answer, so much so that he wanted his he wanted the message of forgiveness preached at his funeral. Um, but then there's also the process of what, what does forgiveness actually do? I

Matthias Miller  31:47
Great question.

Speaker 1  31:54
Well, let's start on the other side first, and then get to that question. What does unforgiveness do? Let's

Matthias Miller  32:15
just start very, very simply, very pragmatically we talked about the story of the French president in his would be assassins. And one of the things that unforgiveness does is keeps us obsessed in some way. It's like a I um, I mean, it's like a floating image in your eye that's always there, that you always see, that's always part of your either your peripheral or direct vision,

Speaker 1  32:54
and sometimes in the worst cases, it becomes a lens that you see everything through. I true,

Matthias Miller  33:02
that's fair,

Speaker 1  33:05
depending on the the pain and the circumstances situation.

Unknown Speaker  33:12
Yeah,

Speaker 1  33:17
I think that's what it was for Judas. Judas had an expectation that the Messiah was going to kick Rome out of Israel, and when he systematically refused to, the only thing you could see is he's not doing his job.

Speaker 1  33:38
He was supposed to do this, not doing it.

Matthias Miller  33:45
So doesn't the doesn't this fundamentally start with an unmet expectation. You got it because I do have a legitimate expectation that people are civil and kind, right, like and it seems like a reason. It actually seems like a healthy expectation. But then, when that expectation doesn't get met, as in a Judas, who decides that for compensation, I will turn you in, turn you over. But there's actually a preceding expectation for him, which is, you should be showing up in this way. And I actually

Speaker 1  34:24
think there was a little manipulation going on there as well, I think. And this is just my opinion. I think he thought that if he handed Jesus over to the Romans, Jesus hand would be forced, and then he would have to fight against the Romans. He never saw sacrifice. He never saw. Nope, this is what what I was called to do.

Unknown Speaker  34:48
Wow,

Matthias Miller  34:55
so there's i.

Matthias Miller  35:05
And isn't there always, at some level, I don't know this is, I don't know. Is it? Is it? Is that a common thread, that the violation involves one person imposing their will upon another, always. And so on one hand, you have an expectation of what the other well, you have the expectation of what somebody else should do, should not and

Matthias Miller  35:41
and there's a separate but opposite expectation from the separate but conflicting expectation from the other side. So you have this relationship two expectations. I expect this from you. I expect this from you. One person's response to the expectations not being met is to attempt, in some way, to overpower the other person, to get them to align with their expectations exactly, in which case this person then has the choice. So so I can let this become a lens through which I see the world. And so in the case of Judas, it could have been. I mean, there's a million in one ways he could have interpreted that. He could have said that this is and he could have, he could have, he could've, he could've, he could've done the same thing back he's he said, it's clear that scripture talks about Satan entering him and and him doing what he needed to do. And Jesus could have said, Well, it's obvious that Satan has entered you. Let me impose my will to set you free from this, this demonic influence, because you need it. Obviously,

Unknown Speaker  37:14
he refuses to do that, but

Matthias Miller  37:16
he refuses to do that because he refuses to impose his will upon another

Speaker 1  37:21
right, which is fascinating, because with Peter as well, he makes a statement to Peter. I think it's in Luke chapter 20, where he says, Peter, Satan has asked for you that he might sift you like wheat. At that moment, this is Jesus, he could say, but I'm going to protect you. You don't have to worry about it. But he says, instead, I pray for you that your faith would grow stronger in this and once you've walked through this trial, that you would strengthen your brothers.

Matthias Miller  38:00
But then he also, there's also two very in interesting things with this, which is one, Jesus battle in the garden was around. The Battle of will, the surrender as well. And second of all, the promise to Peter. Then was, Oh, Peter, good job, he surrendered. Now what's going to happen? You're going to be led, led around in ways that you don't want to be. Congratulations. You've just mastered the the art. You won. You won. What did I win? You were not a manipulator. I uh.

Speaker 1  38:58
And when Peter tries, Jesus Jesus says, I'm going down. I'm going to be crucified. No, Lord, never that won't happen. How does he respond to Peter?

Matthias Miller  39:10
I can't pull it up right

Speaker 1  39:12
now. Get behind Me, Satan. You do not have the things of God in mind, but the things of man. So when Peter tries to impose his will expectations on Jesus, Jesus says you're operating in the spirit of the enemy.

Matthias Miller  39:30
Wow, wow. All right, so I mean, isn't this a little bit like the the schoolyard bully who's dancing around you and throws a punch or two, and it's like principal's gonna come out in a few minutes, like, you want to swing at me and and so I imposed your will. I impose my will on you. Like, Hey, you want to take the bait. Yeah, and fundamentally, unforgiveness is taking the bait saying, I'm going to engage in this game of overpowering, well, of another person, and I will do it and then, and there's 1,000,001 ways in which it plays out, you know, I mean, there's, there's just, there's no end, like, there's destroying reputation, there's, there's mind games. There's extracting things from you, turning people against them, like all of like, the tool sets very large when that happens, but even if you don't externalize it, I think it's easy to see how you might pick a fight and externalize it, but I don't think it's easy to See when you're the good guy and you're not going to take it out on them, but how does, how does like if I choose not to take it out on the other person? How can this event still have an impact on me? How can I still be an unforgiveness, right?

Speaker 1  41:21
Right? So now we're not just talking about forgiveness as a human concept. We're talking about forgiveness as a sacred, holy concept. We've ceased talking about the human act of forgiveness, and we've started to talk about radical forgiveness. The kind of forgiveness it says forgive them, for they know not what they do, and that's a vastly different type of forgiveness,

Matthias Miller  41:59
because it's not transactional, It's spiritual.

Speaker 1  42:14
Peter wants to make it transactional, Lord, my brother sins against me. How many times do I forgive him? Seven times. He's being very magnanimous in that pronouncement, because in the Jewish culture at that time, the rule was three times, and then you you're done. He says seven. Jesus comes back with 70 times seven. This is a very Jewish way of saying, eternally, forgive, yeah.

Speaker 1  42:51
Jesus seems to reject any sort of transactional relationship or arrangement. I

Speaker 1  43:33
could saying unforgiveness is an embrace of the transactional nature of humanity. We could say that forgiveness is a rejection of the transactional nature of human nature. I

Matthias Miller  44:06
right

Speaker 1  44:10
and forgiveness is I had this expectation which we would say, a right to this, and I haven't received it, so I'm going to stay in that place and until I receive it. Yeah, and forgiveness says I have no rights. I trust that what God is doing is beyond me, and I don't understand it, and I release and let go,

Matthias Miller  44:42
and part of the they don't know what they're doing is also an admission that I don't need to know what they're doing.

Matthias Miller  44:58
It's interesting. To watch the peaceful because you can have peaceful protests coming out of two sides, but both forgiveness and unforgiveness a peaceful protest, because it's transactional in nature, and we need things to change. And so if we create a scene, we're going to manipulate people into changing and a peaceful protest can also be a I'm trying

Matthias Miller  45:36
to put myself in a position of how what that looks like differently, but it can but, but the fundamentally, the attitude is different. We are here. We're expressing our voice in our opinion, over with, with the hope that we will be heard, but without the drive to manipulate you to see things my way, right?

Speaker 1  46:06
One's presenting the evidence, the other is coercing

Matthias Miller  46:12
Right, right? And you never know that presenting the evidence does not mean that you have the airtight case. It doesn't mean that the case will be heard. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  46:26
there's a letting go. I

Matthias Miller  46:56
let me see if I can speak for this step back again so I so most of the violation happens at the point well, the breakdown happens at the point of unmet expectations. The violation happens when when one person's will is imposed on the other person's will to manipulate them into a certain type of behavior that leaves the violated party and that leaves them with a choice. That choice being, is this transactional? Is this which that the there are two obvious responses, one being, I'm going to get, I'm going to exact revenge, and the other being that, also being transactional, of I'm just going to choose not to respond. But there's a path C

Matthias Miller  48:15
in which not only do you not exact revenge, not only do you not withhold revenge, but you take it a step further, and you say, I admit that I don't understand, or don't need to understand. I can imagine, I'm sure you can all imagine. I'm not. I don't need to understand what's happening in the other person's life, what makes them do that, and I'm willing to surrender my expectation of how they will or will not treat me. And I will choose, okay. And to that point, I will choose, I may choose to not put myself in harm's way, depending on what's at stake. And there are times when what is at stake, you will choose to put yourself in harm's way of that person, because there is something that needs. You need to stand between them and something else, if possible, Jesus is an example of that. I

Matthias Miller  49:51
but you're intentionally laying down the need to control all of the self protective mechanisms that we naturally pick. Out when, when we're violated in some way, and we choose to drop the expectation that we will receive love and safety from the person who violated us, and instead, we draw love and safety from, ultimately, from God, because it's the only stable source of love and validation and safety, right? So really, then at that point, faith, forgiveness becomes an act of faith. And it's saying, I I break the idolatry of thinking that other people will be able to give me this and or the ideology, yeah, well, it's the idolatry of that and then trying to manipulate the god, that false god, into giving it to you and manipulating them to give it to you so your false god can stay alive. It's allowing that false God to be shattered and saying no people really will disappoint you and let you down if you put your faith In them, but I don't put my faith in them.

Matthias Miller  51:23
Absolutely, and then something happens. So this is this very unFormulated thought, but, but fundamentally, trauma is an experience that you have that's exceeds your capacity to handle it is that a fair description and so and so. Fundamentally, the violation if successful, and if it is a violation, by definition, it's under some form of that. It is somebody it is, it is an external overpowering that you, for whatever reason, are incapable of preventing. Right. Right.

Speaker 1  52:25
Either because of lack of experience or lack of ability. Like, there's a lot of different things there, but I'm incapable of preventing this, right?

Matthias Miller  52:33
And obviously if And so yes, there are violations that you experience where somebody should never even have attempted whatever, but you mitigated it at some level. But how does forgiveness somehow changes the felt experience of a historical event when we were, when, when, when we were overpowered and felt powerless and overwhelmed, right? What is

Speaker 1  53:11
that? I think you make a very interesting point. And I think it draws us back to the very nature of existence, which is love, which is knowing and being known, which means when my ability to know and be known is cut off, I'm left with trauma. But when I can, at some point, work my way towards knowing and being known, understanding the situation, understanding my responsibility, understanding their responsibility, then I can get to forgiveness.

Speaker 1  53:56
And sometimes that takes a very long time. Sometimes it never happens. But in the situation where it doesn't happen, that's because I've resisted love, or they have resisted love, whatever the the fundamental characteristic has been discarded.

Matthias Miller  54:34
So if you're in this position, I

Matthias Miller  54:58
so what. Once again, unforgiveness, fundamentally is a unforgiveness

Matthias Miller  55:16
ends up being a gross oversimplification of the experience

Unknown Speaker  55:20
exactly

Matthias Miller  55:23
and so to that point of, you can't go back and change the experience, but let's see. I

Matthias Miller  55:45
But, but, but it is helpful to go back and understand, and it is helpful in healing to go back and understand what your responsibility was in the situation,

Speaker 1  56:10
not only helpful, absolutely essential, right? If you want to get to healing, growth, wisdom, all those kinds of things.

Matthias Miller  56:26
So this So forgiveness, then, is not a well. It is a choice. But it's a choice to engage with the situation, with the experience, and to under Understand, understand and embrace the reality of what what it is that the choices that you could have made differently and also the choices that you were not Free to have made. I

Matthias Miller  57:34
there's a question reaching for that's not quite there. I'm

Matthias Miller  57:52
part of quiet quieting your bodies, part of quieting your amygdala is knowing it's two things, knowing what choices you could have made that would have mitigated the situation. What red flags? What could you have learned? What could you have done differently? What could you How can you improve skill set? It's partially that, and it's also partially just making peace with the uncontrollable nature of

Speaker 1  58:28
existence. Existence? Yeah, I think that's why the victim mindset is so utterly destructive to us as human beings, because

Speaker 1  58:49
it prevents you From learning, from accepting responsibility for Your choices, for I

Unknown Speaker  59:03
truth.

Matthias Miller  59:15
Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  59:25
can you forgive without accepting your responsibility in the matter? No?

Speaker 1  59:56
Speaking of that same guy I was talking about, I. I worked with a lot of people that he's worked he's done prayer sessions with and one client in particular, her husband, diagnosed with cancer, and did lots of prayer sessions with him. And this guy pronounced it, he prophesied that He would be healed, and he would be cancer free, and he went to remission, and there was all sorts of celebration, and he got a very big ego boost from it. And then the cancer came back, and he prophesied again that he would be healed, that cancer would go. Cancer didn't go. He ended up passing away. And up until he passed he was prophesying that the cancer was going to leave, it wouldn't win, that kind of thing. And then when he passed away, he prophesied that this man would be raised from the dead to bring glory to God. It was not I just sit with this wife as she asked why God did this, years and years and years. And in me, the reason why I'm saying this was in me there was an anger towards this man because of what his words did to this lady. And so that's what I had to accept responsibility for, was that I had anger towards him because of this. But what I didn't recognize that was the me part. What I didn't recognize is this lady wanted to believe that. She wanted to believe that he would be healed, and, of course, she did. It's her husband, yeah, and she wanted to believe that he'd be raised from the dead. Of course she did. It's her husband, but she had to take responsibility for that. Just like I had to take responsibility for my anger towards him for making those statements, and he has to take responsibility for he was speaking out of his ego, not because God had given him the words. Everybody had responsibility in that situation.

Matthias Miller  1:02:19
It's Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, you made me believe, right? And it's a very, I mean, there's an incredibly emotionally vulnerable time for them, of course, and that's gross misrepresentation to have somebody, I mean, it's what kind of mind control do you have to put people through to have them blame God instead of the messenger, the human, the what? Why are they blame, blaming the the immortal instead of the mortal in this situation?

Matthias Miller  1:03:16
So, okay, so here's another question with this, because one of my friends, somebody recommended the book the language of emotions, and it talks about anger. And it talks about anger fundamentally being a a red flag that a a boundary was violated. So in this case, this guy took advantage of a vulnerable situation for whatever reason, whatever his motivation was or wasn't, we don't know, but he's he spoke into a a vulnerable situation and and resulting in a world of heart heartbreak, and I suppose that understanding of So anger is about evaluation is like or as a a light under dashboard of a boundary violation is part A of the invitation of the situation, but there's a part B, which is the invitation then, which is exactly what you're saying, Yeah, is anger, then can actually be an invitation to explore the depths of what you're experiencing and consider your responsibility to use it apart and surrender the parts that you need to and step into forgiveness and learn how to become forgiveness in that situation. Yep. Is that a fair depiction of i. Well, really, many different emotions lead, lead us into that pathway,

Speaker 1  1:05:12
all of them, all of all of our emotions, if we can sit with them and we can understand the message from a place of humility, a Place of presence, then they're All instructive for us to

Matthias Miller  1:06:00
I haven't made This connection until just just now, but i i When I was younger, I would hear people talk about forgiveness, and the talk of forgiveness felt very shallow and but I still couldn't, I still couldn't put, put my finger on why. And I think, I think part of the issue was that forgiveness was,

Matthias Miller  1:06:49
like it was just a sweeping forgiveness, like I will just forgive, which basically ends up being, I'm going to sweep the issue under the carpet and hope that it goes away, right? Or I'm going to set my needs aside completely and just become, become a victim. There is nothing I can do. There is nothing for me to learn in this, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:24
Because it was all them,

Matthias Miller  1:07:25
because it was all them. I

Speaker 1  1:07:48
back to that fundamental question, what am I trusting in a situation with another person? When I hold unforgiveness, I am not trusting that God is just Yeah, or that he's gonna operate. My assumption, I think, and then just for me personally, is, I think he should do this in this situation, and he's not doing it. So

Matthias Miller  1:08:27
that's a pattern that sounds kind of familiar. I have an expectation of God, I will impose my will on him. I

Matthias Miller  1:09:00
There's just a weird place in which you can seems like you can either choose to live in your head or your heart. You live in your head to understand why people do what they do, what what's God's responsibility? Why is there pain and suffering? You live in your heart with the knowing that God is good. He's loving. You can live in your heart, accepting that as a reality. It's almost like you can. You can either make sense in your heart, or you make sense in your head. Yep,

Speaker 1  1:09:54
that's what integrity is, right is a is in a line. Entertainment, or integrating My heart my head. That's what integrity is.

Speaker 1  1:10:12
We want to say it's telling the truth, or, you know, that kind of thing, that's an outflow of integrity. But that's not what integrity is. It's an integrated head and heart.

Matthias Miller  1:10:41
And the heart of it we've talked about, and the head, head we've talked about as well, which is, which is the part of processing, dissecting, understanding your responsibility, so that you're thinking about the situation does change,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:56
yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:10:59
And then if you had to go one layer deeper at the bedrock of this entire thing becomes finding a way to really know what is truly real, and orienting your life around that Right, and living in as little delusion as possible.

Speaker 1  1:11:23
Which is really hard, because we're delusion machines, because we have expectations of way the world should be, right? But it's not

Matthias Miller  1:11:36
that's a whole other rabbit hole, because you can't actually live in the world without some framework or grid, perhaps should be, right?

Speaker 1  1:11:55
Yeah, I think that's what really pissed people off about Jesus, is he came in insisting, this is what my father has designed. This is the way you are supposed to operate. And then people said, but it's not that way, okay? But I'm telling you, it could be if you walk this way. I don't want to walk that way. Too much pressure. You that?

Matthias Miller  1:12:24
Yeah? Well, there's a lot of there's a lot of needs that the religious system fixes. So it fixes the need for power, for those, for personalities that are for people who are driven and motivated by that, yeah, and it fixes the need for certainty. And you could probably just as an example, we go around the desk as an example and demonstrate how the religious system meets a felt core need. It brings community for people who need connection, provides stability. It provides definition and clarity and exactness where needed. It creates a grandiose vision to take over the world for those who need that, it creates a space where evangelism and influence and all of that for him and for the people who and social club to blind to check all those boxes. Check all those boxes. I

Speaker 1  1:13:52
until you violate the core principle, then all of that goes away. We call that excommunication,

Matthias Miller  1:14:07
right then suddenly the system turns on. You

Speaker 1  1:14:32
I watched this movie. Forget what it was on. It was about this pastor in Oklahoma and some pretty amazing work he had brought, you know, he's a black pastor, brought black and white together within His Church, built this system, you know, everything he was mentored by Oral Roberts, like at all, the pedigree, massive church, ministry, all the things. And then through a series of events, he started to think about. What is the lie of separation and what is the truth of union? And he started preaching about it, and he lost everything because he violated the core principle.

Matthias Miller  1:15:18
Yeah, come Sunday. What's that? Come Sunday? Yes, yes, yes, yes.

Speaker 1  1:15:46
And I remember hearing like This American Life, that podcast did a podcast on him years ago. I remember listening to it, and then finally, like the movie was, was, I don't know, recently, made last five years or so, but it was fascinating. He did the thing that you can't do, yeah, question the system.

Matthias Miller  1:16:21
I've had fascinating conversations with one of my mentors about around, how do you work within the system to beat the system? And part of the success comes down to there are people who are there are sometimes people within the system who have been so successful that their their results cannot be argued with right and and at the point that they've established that level of credibility, and they have a certain level of, certain level of we don't care What people think, but there's a certain point at which they become untouchable, because taking them out would actually be a threat to the system, and that's when they can start talking about, they can talk about The things that everybody's scared to talk about, right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:17:58
yeah, what does the church sell? But it's not selling a fix.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:12
Can't tell anything wasn't intended to I

Speaker 1  1:18:25
it was designed to be we,

Speaker 1  1:18:36
us, walking through this life together, hearing each other's burdens. That's what it was designed to be. But as we always do, we change it into a power dynamic, or a way to guarantee our safety and security make it into our own end. This

Matthias Miller  1:19:11
reminds me of a video i i watched about the YouTube influencer that this guy was interviewing. It was just, you know, this guy has, as a bunch of young women on only fans and all this other kind of stuff, and he's making money, and they're making money, and they're like, God's not pleased with you, and like, you should, you know, whatever. And then, and he has these expensive necklaces and things that he's wearing and and then a little while later, this guy gets robbed in the streets, and somebody takes his necklaces and stuff like that. The interviewer is like, Oh, look at this. Like, look what that did. And it's, it's. Just when you look at the comments and everybody's like, Yay, like,

Speaker 1  1:20:18
that point struck me. I He we had, we had invaded Iraq, and there was the manhunt for Saddam Hussein, and he was found, and he was tried, and he was hung. And I remember listening to a commentator that was celebrating celebrating the death of a child of God whom he loved, admittedly wayward, admittedly did a lot of horrible things, of course, but that is the image of God that you're celebrating the death of you. So

Matthias Miller  1:21:00
what's the difference between how much time you have and how long you wanna go?

Speaker 2  1:21:11
Oh, good, I've got plenty of time. So I took the day off. It's my anniversary today, so I took the day off. Well, happy anniversary. Thank you. My wife's doing that day at work, and so I'm like, Okay, let's talk.

Matthias Miller  1:21:25
Well, it's dangerous because I have other things I should get done. This is way more interesting. What's the difference between you the doctrine of union and the doctrine of universalism?

Speaker 1  1:21:37
Universalism sees that there are unlimited paths to union, and Jesus is the path to union. To union. It's the person of Jesus

Matthias Miller  1:22:01
to me, yeah. I mean, that makes sense to me, because fundamentally union, there's a lot about union. And I think one of the reasons why a lot of Western Christianity rejects it is because they hear it and they're like, oh, that's Buddhism, right, right? You're just what one with everything. I mean, sorry, that's another very fascinating, very fascinating rabbit hole. Because when you understand the nature of God speaking, and also the nature of collective intelligence and the nature of life, the life force itself, there is a sense in which we are all connected.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:44
Yeah, everything is connected.

Matthias Miller  1:22:48
I mean, if you want a doctrinal position on that, it's clear that if things are held together by Jesus himself, then he is the connecting point that holds everything together, everything

Speaker 1  1:23:04
and everything connected to him is connected to everything else, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:23:15
which is a really interesting perspective to your point, the story that You just shared. So when you understand that he is actually the one that's holding together, even the most broken among us, as if we ourselves don't need that, right? You

Speaker 1  1:23:47
and yet there and this, you know, can devolve into the conversation about the reality of hell and that kind of thing. But just to make a point, there are those who will see, who will understand, who will witness and will still say, Nah, not for me, and I believe that's what hell is. Now I can do this on my own. I don't want to do that like CS Lewis said, Hell is a monument to self determination.

Matthias Miller  1:24:22
Thanks. Actually the most sense that I've ever I've been curious around the perspective on it makes more sense than almost anything I've heard, to be honest. I mean, what is hell on earth besides? Yeah, self protection? Yeah. And what is creating hell for someone, besides living in self protection? And what is heaven on earth, besides union, knowing, being known, and if you truly believe in the. Some level of sovereignty of individuals will. Then it makes sense that if should somebody choose to accept that, that becomes the natural like, why would? And the gospel actually makes way more sense then, as an invitation to say, I will not overpower you. There is this place over here. I will not overpower you. You can make your choice, but I will not override your choice to bring you into heaven.

Matthias Miller  1:25:41
And then I mean, and that's where the transactional legal, I mean, here's another perspective or question, because I've done variable research, but just little bits and pieces I've been saying most of the doctrine of the most of the legal perspective of salvation came through the Reformation, right? Okay, yep. And so I could never explain to me it never made sense that the legal perspective of the gospel never made sense to me experientially. Why is this such a good thing, right? I should feel this relief, but I don't. I don't, and church should feel good, but doesn't, right? But if I the greatest thing is love. And if the gospel is the good news of the gospel of Christ is the good news of the Anointed One, which probably has some vernacular definitions that I'm not, not even aware of that would make a lot more sense than anointed.

Matthias Miller  1:27:09
And he is the messenger and the door to knowing and being known and having full love and unconditional acceptance with the Father because of his invitation, because he entered into our world to create the bridge that we could experience union, so that he would know what our experience is like, and we could, through faith in Him, experience his life that's experientially compelling.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:42
Yeah, extremely compelling.

Matthias Miller  1:27:59
This guy that you're talking about Carlton Pearson. Does that sound right? Some people say he's the guy who paid The runway for TD Jakes.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:14
It makes sense. I

Matthias Miller  1:28:51
article called The complicated legacy. I do

Matthias Miller  1:29:13
you have thoughts about the desert? Writings?

Unknown Speaker  1:29:22
Millions?

Unknown Speaker  1:29:29
Any specific you're going after curious about.

Matthias Miller  1:29:31
So I meant specifically the statement could be confusing, but not necessarily with other fathers, but the article that sent over like the compilation of our conversations.

Speaker 1  1:29:43
Oh yeah, yeah. I mean, I felt like it was building, like it was really good.

Matthias Miller  1:29:52
So I have a bajillion thoughts right now. One of them being just

Matthias Miller  1:30:11
released a book called frictionless teams, which is a that was a very, it's very, it's intentionally a little bit of a controversy, I don't know controversial, like head scratch or like what I want to do another book on business engineering, which is the principles of software as applied to organizations, because software is the space in which we have highly adaptive, highly complex, high growth systems at play. And this is the place where humankind has understood that has been able to wrap their heads around that in some capacity, organizations are, by definition, slow moving just because of AI. Is going to change that, I suppose, and so, so or could, potentially, when you're dealing with AI agents, and you can spin things up and down as quickly as you can. And both of those have had a when friction, frictionless teams came out, working in the print edition, there was this sense of relief where it's like, I don't know what that was, but that feels like there's some life work quality to it. The business engineering concept has some of the same feeling. And there's a third book that I want to do involving bringing in more more people, titled heart and hands, and specifically about what love looks like in business and So.

Matthias Miller  1:31:53
But then there's this other thing, which is I

Matthias Miller  1:32:08
this, everything we're talking about. And if I could legitimately have my my way, like I feel like I'm, like the novice and all of this. But if there would be a way to publicize or to not publicize, there would be a way to write with influence, to change the fundamental principles by which the Western Church operates within the next 100 years, and if I could play some kind of part in that, that would be time incredibly well spent, and it would be a way of me leaving the world in a better place for my children, and I found it right. And so there's part of me that's like one of my mentors has been talking about publicity. And most people think of artists with I mean, certainly there are people who have, well, no, it's this. I mean, even listening to an interview with Ed Sheeran on his songwriting, and he talks about like, one of the hardest things was that some of his first albums were so popular because they were they were extraordinarily popular. So when he did encore albums, like, there's this, haven't lost it,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:39
right?

Matthias Miller  1:33:43
And but there's many people who published extensively, published an extensive amount of artistic work in some capacity, and some of them, it wasn't until their 80s, until something really hit. And then people put them on the back exploded. Like, wait, like, this guy wrote 20 books and they're all good. Like, where was this guy? Or sometimes it's posthumous too. Like, yeah, and so that's why they passed away. And so I've had a long time dream, if I can manage it all, both of the business standards, whether it's business or personal, or, I don't know how this stuff ties together and navigating all of that stuff of how to survive and go into business at the same time and find my way and not get distracted by other voices. So my all that to say, my instinct on this is to take this morning's not the morning, but, but if, if we could manage ourselves not to get into other interesting conversations too,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:46
which is difficult, which is difficult,

Matthias Miller  1:34:49
to sit down and just together, read through it and do an editing pass on it, yeah, and, and after that, it's just proofreading and go put it in print form. And. And, and that's, I have a mentor who said that she's like, she's like, You need to not a mentor. She's, she's, I mean, I was mentored her, by her for a period. I don't know, whatever. Why am I so bent on defining relationships? But she's like, You need to call your series The Miller Light series, l, I, G, H, T, because you're shining light, and it's fun.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:26
That's awesome.

Matthias Miller  1:35:32
But just short booklets. I have a friend of mine who's her she gets paid, paying for business, praying for businesses. That's her business. She's got people on staff who just pray for businesses, business owners and their teams. And side note, the first thing that happens when they get signed on is that there's usually a major reorganization within the company, people leaving that kind of stuff. But so she, she's, she's, she has taken this prolificity to heart. She's published probably two dozen books, three dozen books, something like that. Some, there's a few full length, a lot of just 2080, page little

Unknown Speaker  1:36:15
books, little things, little things,

Matthias Miller  1:36:21
so that's where my headspace is at, because I feel like I feel like there's more to unpack. Feel like the concept of forgiveness by itself,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:40
I'm 100% interested in that.

Matthias Miller  1:36:45
Like, there's such a need for work. There's such a need for people who are doing the work to know how to take the shots. Yep, that's really what I care about, probably the MO, well, I mean, that's one of the things I care about, yeah, people in this 100% interested. Okay, well,

Speaker 2  1:37:17
all right, I can jump off. I gotta get some other if I got you today. You got something to accomplish. I gotta get done.

Matthias Miller  1:37:30
Let me check something here. I

Matthias Miller  1:37:51
Let's see. Oh, I'm just about to talk myself into just doing it. Um,

Matthias Miller  1:38:12
three pages. I'm

Speaker 1  1:38:36
I just a side note. Thought that came up like I think that's the wave of the future for a few different reasons, like short directed books. Because I don't believe humanity, in general, because of the internet, has the attention span to go through a long term on something. I think that it has to be directed as be target specific. It has to be short, it has to be digestible in a very short period of time.

Matthias Miller  1:39:07
Well, look at what's happened to markets. It used to be you would have grocery stores, and now you have stores that sell well. I mean, this is very simplified, but this is even, not even the best example. But you now you have stores that sell regular food, and then you have stores that sell natural food, and then you also have stores that sell different types of ethnic food, Indian food, etc. And then you now have E commerce stores where they sell person you don't have a department store. You have, well, I mean, you don't have a supermarket or whatever you have, you have, you have a you have a store that sells shoes and a store that sells canned goods and but then it's not just that. It's not It's can it's it's grape jellies and grape jams and strawberry over here. Um. Yeah, and then you also have not just any shoes, but fine high end leather shoes and barefoot running shoes. And so the proliferation creates fragmentation and deeper niches. And so I think the same is true for books. Whereas books used to be very much like I'm going to write a book for the masses. Like, I don't know, thinking, go rich because the world is so just to pick one, because there's so few books that, like, it's easy, just, I can just plop myself down in personal development, or whatever it is, or or there's all kinds of other ways to describe the book, which we won't get into. But whereas, with the proliferation one of one of the folks I follow, talks about the dog whistle, where, if you, if you, if you have a specific sound, but whistle for a specific dog, okay, the dog comes running and, and this is, that's really what, what you're looking at with, with books, there's a very specific type of person in a very specific type of experience that you're going after. And this is not the these are not the Well anyway, I just think that the trend of getting more specific in niches and more personalized to smaller groups of people is goes hand in hand with what you're saying. Yep. But you gotta go, we can pick this up next time I know you got stuff to do, I do. Let's all right, sounds good. I'll be in touch. Thanks. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:53
Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai