Speaker 1  00:00
All right. So here's the time for some debrief on today's lessons. One of them is how little I actually enjoy taking conversations, and taking all the information that's gathered and putting it into an organized fashion, and really fleshing it out. And one of the things that I don't do enough is let other people actually take it and run with it. And I'm not sure why it is because I think for me, it's like, I need to make sure it's all correct in my head. But the way you work around that is you have a feedback loop. So that when people do something that you've actually got some kind of feedback loop on that. Now what are the lessons do we have from today? Well, I tuned out a good bit of the product training, but the thing that was really gratifying for me was I get to audit the training and get to record this stuff. And the thing that's really interesting to me let's take this as the look into unique ability that I take it for granted, anything that gets done, what done once can be a process. And certainly if it gets done three times, it can be an excellent process. And so why would we not take the time to immediately build out a rough draft of all the training that needs to be completed and put this stuff together so that we have something going forward? And we don't have to repeat ourselves indefinitely with all of the different things that need to be shared along the way. I think this is a huge win. And this is probably something that is overlooked. And like we're is so let's go down the unique ability approach. If you're a DI, you're you're just going to jump in and do it and get it done and get on to the next thing. And you might never even think about the fact that this could become a process or something that doesn't have to be repeated. And if you're a conventional se like well, I don't know maybe the perfectionism is gonna get in the way. And like this is like the there's this weird in between space code is bridge both worlds that I occupy, where I have the Kobe index of an entrepreneur but the interests of operations. So I am the operations designer. Like literally what I do is I work with businesses, and I help them put processes in place to support their functions. Like that is literally what I do. I take what's there, and I build process around it. And so what were the most delightful parts of the day well the most recent part of the day, it was like this need to wrap things up. And I don't know, like, I don't know, trying to figure out the CRM portal that needs to look like thinking through the details of that. I could care less about that. But part of the issue is that in that particular case, I'm actually playing two roles. I am trying to be the client and I am trying to be the designer and I don't think that I should do that. I think I should only be one or the other and that ultimately is where the big challenge lies. Other big thing looming over my head is type form integration. Well what's the answer? to that? Who can take over Typeform integration? Well, that's a great question. I don't have a good answer for that. I want that out of my out of my way. unique ability emails I could actually have, I could have had her treat the drafts and I could have customized them all.

Unknown Speaker  04:13
For married to do that, that would have been helpful and productive. The absolute best part of the day was listening to the sales trainings and building out that process. I really love that.

Speaker 1  04:32
It's interesting that that falls into in the into the kind of the staff development like there's something about taking the expertise that somebody has extracting it making it available to other people. It's that bridge that I really enjoyed being for Eric. I was like I could ask these questions. Even more than that it was really intriguing to watch when Marissa was on board, and like watching her watch watching her ask these insightful questions. That was really interesting. I really enjoyed being able to respond to Michelle because really gave me a window into kind of what's going on there. So what's needed now as I kind of debrief the day, I think we think what's needed now, at the end of the day is I'm exhausted, my brain needs space. I need to relax, getting ready to see my family. My family is going to need me they're going to have energy they're gonna have questions. I'm going to have more information already use that my information quota so I have to figure out a way that I can be engaged and I can listen to my family and talk to them even though I'm exhausted right now. Because it hasn't been a really long day.

Speaker 1  06:07
Anything else to add to that? I cannot think of anything else to have I think it's also interesting to observe that my nightly wind down routine could actually be a routine of just talking to myself and getting all sorts of thoughts out of my head and getting them into some form of journal. So one other interesting project I could have for tonight is to set up a Twilio number that allows me to call in and that allows me to allows me to call in and record record journal entries. And then have a script that checks for those runs them three rev and saves them into my journal based on the timestamp that's on there. That would actually be a really cool project. It'd be really cool to have. Anyway, so you can just have a simple introductory message, saying getting ready to record. Let's go


Transcribed by https://otter.ai