Speaker 1  00:00
Okay, so next question here is, what is the let's say that I think there's two basic issues that we have three three categories that I've come up with for this and they're not directly related, but I think it works. Number one is, what is the keyhole to use Perry's example, that I can fit all of these things into. And I think you know, some of that comes down to having a very clear Like, it comes down to having a Oh goodness. Now I'm struggling for words. I think I can person better than remote, But I think I could actually really enjoy remote If I think one of the worst things that I do sometimes is I put time pressure on myself. And I think it really ends up hindering the. For example, one of the ways I would describe this is you know, Kobe Quickstart there's like this under the gun thing. And rather than narrowing down what I'm actually saying, I try to cram more in and it doesn't work well with my personality and pacing because I experienced the stress of trying to put myself under the gun. So if the Zoom is not ridiculously wildly paced, then then that's fine. The next question is Well, there's this other interesting thread, which is, is that one of the traits of somebody of my nature is the learning and training development kind of thing. But that misses that's a that's a very presentation style approach, and it doesn't really allow for much variability. Basically, what I'm looking to do is build the business in a box and be in the box and that's really not going to work. I also don't really have the things in place to really long term be able to package these things sustainably. So I think what actually makes more sense is imagine that you had a talk, and I don't care whether this is I don't care what line of business this is. But this is the business. Okay. So it could be that it could be you could do this with the software engineering turning into manager kind of thing. And that actually could could turn into sort of materials. I mean, that could that could turn into a live plus recorded element, which I think is actually an interesting approach. And the other piece that you could do is the second second piece of this is the operations hotseat kind of thing. And making that be the making that'd be the core.

Unknown Speaker  03:34
The core part of the offer Good on the operation side Yes That's a it's effectively helping people implement some form of work the system type of type of thing. So then this other question is the other question Where is the core level of core competency?

Speaker 1  04:33
Hey of this irreducible competency then almost anything else that there is okay, so there's that next step, what's next week could The other option is kind of this multiply your strengths type of idea and the zero to something will fit. I think it's really interesting and it might actually be in my superpower, but it's also a bit of a challenge to monetize I think, and it's not something that I'm clearly recognized for, and more recognized for my work on systems and such. But I think I think there's a possibility that that could emerge at some point. So let's see what we can core offer. That said, like, you want to build software or you want to systematize your business and which one is it? See, here's my lack of confidence. I have a lack of confidence that we can actually build a system big enough with my, the people I went to work with, based strictly on this whole thing of building custom software.

Unknown Speaker  06:39
Where do you leverage expertise? Well, soccer companies are a reasonable place to start. And I think the core issue perhaps is that well, I don't know what the core issue is, perhaps.

Speaker 1  07:06
I really would be interested in knowing what the personality skew is of software. Companies.

Unknown Speaker  07:35
So let's say we worked with software companies. And I said, Give me four to eight hours of your time.

Unknown Speaker  07:53
For two days. I'm gonna sit down with you and your team. And we're gonna map out your operations and we're gonna find all kinds of loopholes and gaps in your operations.

Unknown Speaker  08:09
We're gonna give you the capability to scale this offer size. I'm the Operations consultant and here's a rabbit trail. It's pretty interesting. Whereas my aversion to numbers come from it's not really my aversion to numbers. It's just that I don't want to be it's like the guy sitting in the Facebook group. I don't want to be the guy. Need to chase down the numbers and crunch them myself. I want somebody else to be able to do that for

Unknown Speaker  09:46
me. Why do I want to be on site one of the reasons I want to be on site is I want to be able to have conversations with people.

Speaker 1  10:39
It helps me to get a broader scope of what's going on. Think I'm not sure? I don't know why. No, here's why. The real reason I want to be on site is it gives me variety in my day to day context.

Unknown Speaker  10:53
And I don't have to be strictly stuck behind my screen all day. That was the real reason. And it's a breath of fresh air for me to to have that

Speaker 1  11:10
Okay, well let's let's put this another angle. Start tip of spear for a little bit. If I had a conversation with senior executive and I said to him Do your executive I guarantee you that within a 90 minute conversation we're going to be able to crack open I don't know what it is. See what's wrong with that is that's too broad. You need to narrow the scope Am I actually targeting executives? I'm working for them. So I'm not actually working collaboratively with them. I'm actually working on departments underneath them.

Unknown Speaker  13:02
I've been trying to work on their level. They're not asking me for that. They're asking me to work for them. So they can veering off the path I've lost the path know I'm actually on the operations wizard but I work best with a very specific personality type I work best with

Unknown Speaker  14:08
you know the where what I do seems like magic is to you know factfinder follow through counteract Quickstart combos and probably want to work with correct combos. So again narrow keyhole. I think that's it for now.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai