Unknown Speaker  04:23
Hey, Sir, hello. Okay, so I

Speaker 1  04:29
think we'll start out with some marketing stuff first. And here's, here's an interesting sales call. Makes me wonder what else to do with it but client using cobalt, and you know, Eagle, and he wants to have a nicer looking published cut list, not pricing list, and basically what he can export an Excel file of prices. But he's basically wanting to categorize. Things and some things similar prices turn them into, into a into a table format like so you have, you know, two rail split oak gate, and then you've got a column for four foot, five foot, six foot, and stuff like that. So it's classic kinds of things that we do. So it's basically publishing. It's just, I just thought it was very interesting. He didn't, he wasn't really sure if we do this kind of thing. But it just, I mean, it makes us wonder if we should almost have, like, a publishing module or something. I mean, if we should name publishing as a module, as something that we do. And, you know, publishing PDF anyway. Go

Matthias Miller  05:45
ahead and it's also integrations. Yeah, it is integrations. Which, like, do you have? It's almost like a, oh, it's not an integration. It's like a, this isn't the right example, but it's like a turbo module. It's like a Do you have this thing, and you can plug our thing into it, and you can get all this extra feature so you don't have to abandon this, sure, just plug it in and get this extra stuff. Yep, and maybe 40% of the projects you can't do anything with, sure, but this is a prime example, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  06:28
So it's, it's basically, are you frustrated with, I mean, do you have, are you, do you have a core product that you that is solid or but you're frustrated specific limitations? And would you like to explore how we can integrate and and support other softwares? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:46
yes. Do you have, you're, you're actually pretty happy with it, yeah? Like, I wouldn't throw them under the bus, like, you're really, you're pretty happy with it, because this is one or two things that you just, you really want, but you can't persuade them to do it. Yeah, like, we could, you could, you can take control and you can have the best of both worlds. I just think it sounds happy.

Speaker 1  07:04
I do think it sounds happy anyway. Had a fun breakfast with with just this is a little bit on the gossip side, but had a fun breakfast with Steven. He's, Josh was coding for him. He's, it's going well, he's paying Joshua 40 bucks an hour, going to go to 50 bucks an hour next year, and Joshua and the clients are happy with Josh, what Josh was producing so and he's, he's doubling that to the client. I mean, there's, there's many things that just make me blanch. I mean, no source code control and stuff like that. I mean, I said you need a certain research Source Code Control and learn about that. But, but then. But he's also now on the mailing list of people who program for the classic, for the for the steward, you know, the word processors. And so he's in with the big wigs there now. And I think he feels like he's, you know, he's as confident, he's as competent as any of them are, I mean, and so, I mean, I he may eventually become competition for us, but I kind of think if he, he could be a really big fish in that small pool, and it will, it will stand him well. But, I mean, I would, I mean, if you okay, if he has to have something on classic accounting, I don't know if anyone better to send them to than him, but just, it just terrifies me.

Matthias Miller  08:31
So you sent me the last wrap up check. Yep. So let me just tell you his talk and his net profit aren't, don't match, yeah, yeah. And he, I mean, I kind of got with anyway. This is maybe too much info, yes, kind of winding to bonita. I was like, he ever spent on our agreed budget, and he owes me? He ever spent on our advertising, he owes me that money. And she's like, drop it and move on. It's not, you're not wrong. Yeah, yeah. There's a lot of Starry Eyed stuff, and he's never had a problem with confidence and never had a problem, yes, believing he's better than he is. And some of that's really helpful. I mean, it's actually really helpful to start a business with that. But yeah, yeah, makes sense,

Speaker 1  09:19
yeah? Well, several other pieces that just absolutely made me blanch. He has an employee that wants to do QuickBooks, and QuickBooks, she likes QuickBooks, and it's like, Oh, I'll start a bookkeeping service. And he doesn't have any accounting background. And now one that does make sense is he's doing heritage marketing, where he is providing, you know, building storefronts for people and selling stuff for them. So, you know, I think there are places where he shines. But, I mean, quite frankly, you're kind of writing the the articles about him as a quarter.

Matthias Miller  09:58
I mean, well, I mean. He has crossed my mind. So, yeah, can't say that there wasn't a creative inspiration, but

Speaker 1  10:10
anyway, and anyway it was, it was an interesting interaction. I'm sure he will keep he will keep maturing. I'm no longer really selling, sending people his way.

Unknown Speaker  10:24
So go ahead, I wonder

Matthias Miller  10:25
if the software is under a different business. That's what happened. He I'm okay. I don't know. Maybe I'm too suspicious. Gotcha a bit of money that he's keeping the Excel stuff over there unloading. Oh no, no,

Speaker 1  10:45
I don't know. I'm not disagreeing. I'm just saying, oh no.

Matthias Miller  10:50
I'm gonna guess he's two. He's two. Anyway, whatever. Drop it and keep moving. Bless your heart, I've got too much opportunity anyway, yeah, yeah, too much opportunity to worry about that. And, but it's still deal. I mean, I'm not, unless something dramatically changes. I'm not working with the guy again. Yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:13
I understand. And, I

Matthias Miller  11:14
mean, yeah, yeah, interesting, yeah.

Speaker 1  11:21
Well, good times. Good news is that, I mean, we have lunch every time we are breakfast, every time it comes around, and I get to, we get to chat, and I get to speak into his life. And so, anyway, yeah,

Matthias Miller  11:37
anyway,

Unknown Speaker  11:39
good so

Speaker 1  11:43
the Okay, quick thing, so rose would talk to me and, and I don't know that they're necessarily wrong. They said, Ellis, we think that you're beating around the bush too much with the the book thing. We think you should just straight up say, Hey, here's what we have to offer you should, you should definitely come find out what it is that we have to offer, and be these are people that know you'd be more direct with them, and okay, I'm willing to listen. So they said, Why? Why don't you do a webinar? And I'm thinking it'd be fun if you and I would do it together. And and basically the pitch is, the postcard is, hey, here's an exciting webinar exclusively for simbiz members. Do it some afternoon in January when it's slow anyway, and see how many people sign up to for your webinar. The another thing I toyed with doing is, well, the other kind of thing that I toyed with doing is, you know, answering your tech questions, kind of webinar.

Unknown Speaker  12:48
I mean, the

Speaker 1  12:54
if you and I would do webinars, the I mean, I just think that we would actually both really enjoy it.

Matthias Miller  13:06
Here's what we could, okay, I don't know how you want to do anything JV style, and I don't know, I don't know how sensitive you are getting into the shed industry, sure, but if you wanted to do JV style, we could. I don't know what it would look like, but okay, I'm narrowing my focus to the shed industry right now. Yep, sure. And we could do that within that space. Now, if you don't want to get close to that, totally get it and understand. I'm also happy to jump on your webinar for compensated. So, yeah, sure, yeah, interesting, probably, I

Speaker 1  13:44
probably shouldn't do in the shed industry, I'm guessing, so

Unknown Speaker  13:50
the

Matthias Miller  13:54
I think there's a ton of options Anyway,

Speaker 1  13:57
okay, and somehow, when I thought about okay, what makes me exhausted is coming up with a teaching or something all by myself. But if it's answering questions, if it's a brother that I love hanging out with, we're both Quick Start and we've got complimentary giftings. I mean,

Matthias Miller  14:20
we would, we would, we would. And you have them put in their questions before. You know, you could have them, you don't have to, but you could have them put in questions beforehand. Or, you know, put an email out say, hey, look, you know, just to get to the front of the line, or whatever, like, yeah, questions, yeah. I think, I think the your tech questions answered. What did you run that by them? Do they think that's direct enough?

Speaker 1  14:47
So well, I'm not sure. And so they let me find the one that they sent to us. I.

Unknown Speaker  15:00
Okay,

Speaker 1  15:12
by the way, maybe people in Mennonite people should learn go to school long enough to know how to do punctuation and stuff. Or capitalization and whatnot. It's just, I like Ed, but sometimes I think, Hey, did you? Did you have 12 years of school or not?

Unknown Speaker  15:33
Okay, he

Unknown Speaker  15:36
fixed, he fixed them up here. So let me share my screen, unless you've got it right in front

Matthias Miller  15:44
of you. Let me know.

Speaker 1  15:48
Eliminate disconnected software systems. Maybe it's not eliminate it's maybe it's connect your software systems, and I don't know. So. So what he's saying is, what if you would, what if you would have send a sample survey out to your mailing list and say, Hey, which of these? Which was these topics? Would you be interested in hearing a seminar? I mean, in hearing a workshop on

Matthias Miller  16:19
horror story, stories of software gone bad.

Unknown Speaker  16:24
Sure, sure. And

Matthias Miller  16:30
I mean, we could, we could tell the New Horizons story without mentioning their name, and say there is this one project that we did, and we're just going to confess right now. Yeah, this ring, we made every mistake in the book. And here's what it is. And you and I are like, I was on and I'm like, I was on vacation in May in Spokane, Washington, at my brother in law's wedding, and I was staying up until 11 o'clock at night, project managing this thing when I was supposed to be with family. Because and, and we, you know, we bought this before, before the position existed, and it just reinforced, you have to have business process first. It's like pouring a slab, like we could just that one we could riff on, right? I could sure, sure

Speaker 1  17:19
indicators of a failing software system, I'm not sure. So the Wall Street software that powers Anabaptist businesses, that's just kind of a generic tell the investor tool story. Tell the code crafter story with investor tool go ahead.

Matthias Miller  17:33
Well, I mean, I don't know what the appeal is in a public market. I would say the Amish Wall Street software developer. That's what you use outside. But I don't know what the pitch is within. Like, what does the inside of the what is, I feel like there's enough resistance to, maybe there's not, there's enough resistance to throwing around Wall Street as you it's more like, okay, that's, I don't know there's enough, okay, yeah, there's the ego side. Kind of the ego, we want big, glitzy, but there's also the, also the ego. I don't want glitzy, and I don't want to be proud, and

Speaker 2  18:23
does that one resonate? Or, yeah, that's probably true.

Matthias Miller  18:30
And it's more like, I think it'd be more interesting to frame it how, how an unexpected I mean, it's like, it's more about the serendipitous moments this thing could almost never have happened.

Unknown Speaker  18:48
Okay, so, so,

Speaker 1  18:52
okay, let's, let's get a start a scratch pad, and I think I'll put it in the marketing. I because I

Unknown Speaker  19:05
want to put it somewhere where they can just access it, I

Matthias Miller  20:00
Uh, it's almost like, I don't know if you want to bring this in, but it's almost like the unexpected, unexpected, the the unexpected. Now this is not quite right hand of God in like, in software like the Yeah, yeah. It's not quite right, but it's, it's the unexpected, okay, software, test, software, testimonies, stories, unexpected answers to prayer in software and business. I don't know if that's a place, a direction you want

Unknown Speaker  20:50
to go, but yeah,

Matthias Miller  20:53
you're you your story coming out of high school, last week of high school, and praying. I know there's this guy, and then the morning you wake up with this project management report. Like, I got X ray vision into my projects now, yeah, because this project just went wildly sideways. And like, make a list of those things. And like, that's totally would light you up. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  21:12
light me up.

Unknown Speaker  21:16
The i

Matthias Miller  21:30
i It could be something like this is too long again. God cares about work in business, unexpected answers to prayer

Matthias Miller  22:01
or sorry, I meant to throw software in there as well, but sure, no, I like that. Keep going, but it might resonate with them, because then you can expand it.

Matthias Miller  22:19
The unlikely, the unlikely career of an Amish teen praying for work.

Unknown Speaker  22:35
Okay? I

Unknown Speaker  22:46
Okay. Another possibility is, I

Speaker 2  23:07
Oh, there. You

Matthias Miller  23:13
get the full blend of I all of a sudden, you're like, Man, this is an interesting guy.

Speaker 1  23:27
The I like that. Well, okay, and what if? What if the pitch is, well, and I don't know if this is too complex, but what if this, this is the simp is software series for four up. Sign up for to be notified of four upcoming webinars so that we won't tell them what it is. Here, the here, the here's the here's what they are. And now that we've got their contact information, we got, and then we then we get them in on the

Matthias Miller  24:02
yes and then if you're as long as you're finding the time investment of doing, of getting ready for these, it's just four hours of your time, and you can record it and transcribe it and turn it into a lead magnet, if you want to. Or exactly, I like that. I really love the idea of the the tech and software, Q and A, and I would frame these all as a, I would be direct on the webinar. And if there's I would say I would do something like, like, Hi guys, welcome. And obviously you guys know we're doing this for a reason, and we want to make sure. And we build, we build custom software, even if you think it might not be a fit for you, it's, it's worth a sort of conversation, because most people don't know the breadth of what we do. And you'd be upfront. And by the way, if you stay to the end, we've got, we do have a special gift for symbism members exclusively, and then at the end you make that pitch. And it's just the content is just to get them to show up

Speaker 1  25:12
and build trust. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What about the what about the 2025, symbus software series? Yep.

Unknown Speaker  25:19
Um, it. I also

Matthias Miller  25:23
think it's funny. You're positioning yourself as a similar software guy.

Unknown Speaker  25:28
Did you know that this one of the chairman

Unknown Speaker  25:32
of COVID, is on the board?

Matthias Miller  25:37
It's funny. I

Matthias Miller  26:00
um, what if you're you're What if you're, what if you had a what if one was fixing off the shelf software or fixing the software you already own, and it's about connecting and about augmenting, or maybe it's not fixing, but it's, it's, well, maybe it's fixing. And the basic pitches most people think of custom software is, ah, the whole day that's so expensive. No, you don't. Yeah, like, maybe you shouldn't. Maybe there's just a little piece.

Unknown Speaker  26:51
Or would you rather? I

Matthias Miller  27:17
that not the right, no, I, yeah, I

Speaker 1  27:19
think I and would we do that instead of the eliminating disconnected software? Because I don't know if anyone says I want to eliminate disconnected software systems. Wait,

Matthias Miller  27:32
what if I think? What they think is, wouldn't it be cool if my current software could do this? They're not thinking, I want to integrate. They're not thinking I want a new system. They're just saying, man, like If only my software vendor would listen to me and we could do this thing. It's almost like

Speaker 1  28:00
empowering your your existing software systems. Um,

Matthias Miller  28:10
turbo charging, okay, how to build, build, build the software you have when your vendor doesn't build the software you have, when your vendor won't

Unknown Speaker  28:29
build the software you have or

Matthias Miller  28:31
improve, I don't know. It's hard to get it quite into words. I'm struggling. Obviously, I think what they're thinking of is, here's QuickBooks, and man, I wish QuickBooks would do apps. Yes, exactly. And that's what they're thinking of, how to adding, adding features, how to add features to your existing software, yep. Or how to get getting new, new features with existing software without building the whole thing from scratch. That's the that's the gist of it. I

Unknown Speaker  29:23
enhance don't replace.

Matthias Miller  29:27
Enhance don't replace how to how to add missing features to your existing software without rebuilding it from the ground up. I

Matthias Miller  29:48
I like that. What do you think? Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  29:53
think so, um,

Matthias Miller  29:55
could we? Could we group the ones that the new ones that we believe in? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, at the top, like this one in the bottom two, I think, I mean, that's the ones I believe in. I don't know what you do or There we go. All right, so that's three indicators of a failing software. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  30:16
there could be a,

Unknown Speaker  30:22
ah, to

Matthias Miller  30:24
do an Excel training?

Speaker 1  30:32
Get all the Excel users on there. Okay, now here's the one thing a lot of we're gonna have a bunch of people that that are doing call in, right? And the people that are want the Excel training the most are calling probably because most of these are going to work pretty well with I mean, they, you know, we can email out or fax out, or whatever slide shows ahead of time, if needed. Well,

Matthias Miller  31:01
I don't know that most of these needs slideshows, I think, I think, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  31:04
I think too. I

Matthias Miller  31:06
mean, if we want to have data transcription, whatever, create outline, summary. So

Unknown Speaker  31:13
I don't know if they actually know what webinars are.

Matthias Miller  31:19
Obviously know what podcasts are

Unknown Speaker  31:20
okay.

Matthias Miller  31:23
I mean, I will segments of it. I would think most people in business have an idea.

Unknown Speaker  31:29
So what else is this like? Conference

Matthias Miller  31:31
Call.

Matthias Miller  31:39
Yeah, conference call.

Matthias Miller  31:47
It might, I mean, that's closer to the fuel you're trying to create anyway, yeah, almost round table

Speaker 1  31:55
and and they do have their info, INFO meetings and stuff. So they what not the info meetings. They call them, yeah.

Matthias Miller  32:05
Let me see what to Oh, yeah.

Speaker 1  32:10
Gabe just did one. I want to go back, and I wasn't available, but I'd like to go back and listen to it. David

Unknown Speaker  32:16
Gabe

Unknown Speaker  32:21
from Gabe from affordable bar,

Matthias Miller  32:22
Gabe gig, yeah, forums, forum. They

Unknown Speaker  32:26
call them forums.

Speaker 1  32:33
So I think I could call them software forums for for for simbas members.

Unknown Speaker  32:41
Now I guess.

Matthias Miller  32:48
I mean, yeah, that's what somebody uses. If it's the same thing, yeah,

Speaker 1  32:52
they are there. I'll have to run it past, well, I don't think I'll say, hey. Well, the they, I'm not sure. We need to make sure that they don't think this is, this is one of the standard simbiz forums, because this is, it's, you know, it's us, it's not Simba, is

Unknown Speaker  33:14
so,

Speaker 1  33:18
right? Well, now the other one. The other thing we could do is because we could also call this the 2025 silver loom software series, or the silver loom software series, software for symbism, exclusive. Yeah, I'm gonna say, to say, what are you thinking?

Matthias Miller  33:41
Yeah, 23 we're still reading software series. You could call it a sim is exclusive. I don't know if you like that, but

Unknown Speaker  33:55
now we don't have forums anywhere. I

Matthias Miller  34:09
you call it exclusive forms for some business members. I think if it's a subnet subtext,

Speaker 1  34:19
yeah, yeah, I know I and it's I think I like that better.

Matthias Miller  34:29
All right, so you want one more? Yes, one or two, one more. What's the other? I

Matthias Miller  34:47
put in mind, good,

Unknown Speaker  34:56
what about? What?

Speaker 1  35:00
Navigating software for growing businesses or something like that, and actually talking or stages of software for growing business, for first growing businesses, and we'd actually talk through, you know, paper to spreadsheets to spreadsheets to this, things to consider, etc.

Matthias Miller  35:22
There's also a I think that could be really helpful too. Is, what do you need to know before you try switching, switching software, or when you're buying it, buying or switching? Yeah, and I don't know if people recognize how expensive or how big of a problem is it is, but if they don't, they should

Matthias Miller  35:52
stages of it. But then let's personalize the stages. When we do the stages, which is basically, where are you now and where, where should you be thinking about going, sure?

Unknown Speaker  36:17
I mean, this one feels boring to me, quite frankly.

Unknown Speaker  36:21
I mean, I might get wrong.

Matthias Miller  36:24
I would be more interested in, how can software help grow my business?

Speaker 1  36:41
I think I'm curious how many of them want to be growing their business, how many of them want to

Unknown Speaker  36:48
simplify their lives? Well, that's fair. Oh,

Matthias Miller  36:51
that's pretty interesting.

Matthias Miller  37:00
That is pretty interesting.

Speaker 1  37:07
Okay, now another one they talked about, which could be in this series is, is just a straight up, what is silver loom

Unknown Speaker  37:17
do? Um,

Matthias Miller  37:22
you can call it, what is simple. That's pretty obvious. We should do that.

Speaker 1  37:31
And I think, okay, and I'm curious if they're going to

Speaker 1  37:42
I curious if they're going to react to the idea of of I said they were thinking a single webinar. I kind of like the thing of casting the wet the net wide, and

Unknown Speaker  38:00
make Right, yeah, something is terrible.

Speaker 1  38:19
I can promise you there's going to be, there's going to be Colby people on the call, although they've seen our stuff already. So Right?

Matthias Miller  38:35
I played around with the idea that there's a way that you and you and the chair or the board member could, yeah, do a joint call. I've toyed with that too.

Speaker 1  38:53
This is going to burn for him, I mean, but I was the one that invested 10s of 1000s of dollars to get to The spot.

Matthias Miller  39:03
Yeah, exactly. I

Unknown Speaker  39:50
i Good, good, good.

Speaker 1  39:53
I mean, well, and I'm kind of guessing four is kind of Max, as far as just before there. I start swimming. I mean, I would kind of think three, or

Matthias Miller  40:08
is there one that you would be most willing to next if it should be three? I

Unknown Speaker  40:34
That's a great question.

Matthias Miller  40:37
And a follow up question is, how, on a scale of one to 10. Where's your I want to build, I want to generate business meter.

Speaker 1  40:49
You mean as far as I need to generate, okay, let me think needing to get immediate business pretty low,

Unknown Speaker  41:00
needing to,

Speaker 1  41:05
I say low. I mean, I don't mind land. I'd love to land more projects, but if I have a choice between landing one deal and getting 30 people on my mailing list, you know, I might choose the 30 people on the mailing list. I'm not quite sure. I'm not positive, yeah. I mean, I'm not quite sure how to put into words, but I would say, if I have, I mean, my number one goal is to get people on the mailing list, I think, and then, and I feel like the number one goal out of these things, then is, is ideally a sales call.

Unknown Speaker  41:48
So okay, so

Matthias Miller  41:50
then we should engineer each which of these. And again, I'm not saying, I'm not saying there's not room for feel good stuff. I'm just, yeah, no, I Yeah, which of these? All right, so embrace, don't replace all except the Amish roots really drive themselves to a natural tech and software, Q and A, is there something we didn't get to? Like, here's what we're willing to do. Here's this thing. It all ties together. And like, there's a natural like, let's go take this deeper. And he has no place. Like, do you want to do you want us to look at your system, see what you have, tell us the features you're thinking about adding, and we'll figure out whether we can do that or not. Like, book this call, it's exclusive to simbas. The what is silver loom? Like, would you like to do? You have this idea you've been kicking around that one all leads the Amish roots. I absolutely love because it's intriguing and it's feel good, right? And it's powerful, and it's cultural value, but it doesn't meet the goal of right? Doesn't meet that goal. There's also the I mean, okay, I say it doesn't. What could happen is that it draws the people in who share these values, and it creates this deep connection. And it's like, I mean, basically the pitch then becomes, look, if you can go get your software from anywhere, we love working with people who share these values, and you kind of make the pitch on the values basis. Okay, go ahead. Okay,

Speaker 1  43:23
here's an idea. So what if this one is you've got these two up here. I have

Matthias Miller  43:41
an idea. I don't know if you want to do this. What if the Amish? What if the Amish thing becomes a bonus, forget, or bonus episode? And so we just get on a call and we chat and record it. It's as simple as that, and we don't have to do a webinar. It's just, it's a recording they can listen to,

Unknown Speaker  44:08
maybe,

Matthias Miller  44:12
or a story they can read.

Speaker 1  44:19
So or, I mean, what if it's just listed down at the bottom as a bonus episode? So which one would you put first, tech and software, or do the enhanced don't replace?

Matthias Miller  44:42
Almost in hands. Don't replace. Well, we're kind of having the air, but instinct, instinct says, enhance, don't replace, because the Q and A sounds like a catch all, sure, yeah. I mean, yeah. But you could also say, what is silver loom? But then people might want to know, might want to know these other things. First before they get to silver limb. But what is silver limb is a natural opener, conceptually, and so you can almost do them in reverse. I don't know. I

Matthias Miller  45:27
I like the fact that on each webinar you can sell exactly, by the way, does this trigger questions? Come join us for the Q A, yep, on the Q A, by the way, if you want to know how you can sell future webinars on these. So, yes, this what is silver loop, I think does make sense at the end.

Unknown Speaker  46:02
I so what is the what

Matthias Miller  46:09
do you have any tech or software issues that you're scratching your head about? Let us use our combined X years of experience to get you unstuck. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  46:40
What are You thinking? Yeah, I'm just

Unknown Speaker  47:25
and obviously can do All the magic they Want to Do.

Matthias Miller  47:53
Um, I What's the benefit? I mean, is there what's what's in it for them, for the silver li walk through,

Matthias Miller  48:51
and is there any client who would be comfortable letting us demo their system in any way? That's maybe not quite right, because we're winning this word demos get interesting because it's it's built, but customized.

Unknown Speaker  49:19
I mean weaverland might be.

Matthias Miller  49:26
Is there any if weaverland does? Could you have Bruce come on and give a little spiel? Wanted to sell anyway? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  49:37
possibly. I

Speaker 1  49:50
I wonder if tech software Q and A, it's tech software Q and A feels really weird in the middle there. I kind of wonder if that one should be the first one is. Just kind of the broad, hey, you've got questions. We got answers.

Matthias Miller  50:06
Right? The sequence really does, even if it's if it's I,

Matthias Miller  50:27
you call it expert advice, and this is an open forum for any and all Tech and software related I

Matthias Miller  52:08
schedule and registration or

Matthias Miller  52:15
registration details, email Treatment Center, I

Speaker 1  53:00
I'm curious, do you think you have to have dates on these or, I mean, I'm hoping not. I mean,

Matthias Miller  53:19
are you doing months? Are you doing weeks? I'm

Unknown Speaker  53:22
doing months, I think

Unknown Speaker  53:27
probably making

Matthias Miller  53:30
them opt in to find the date. I kind of feel like that, too crazy, but it gives them a reason to opt in. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  53:39
Because I kind of feel like you and I are going to design each of these as we go and figure out what this date is for it. And

Matthias Miller  53:47
yeah, I heard generally Thursday midday, or good good days, or it's when I've seen a lot of them. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  53:57
makes sense. I

Speaker 1  54:29
so just quick responses eliminate disconnected software systems.

Speaker 1  54:42
I don't think people, most business owners, aren't saying, Oh, I wish, or my software systems, i.

Matthias Miller  55:02
Uh, they also don't even care that much if the software is clunky, if they're not using it and it's not affecting like, it depends who it's affecting or how it's affecting business, right? You've got a really good sales guy who's complaining about bad quoting software. He's gonna care because he wants the sales guy to sell. But if you get some back office person who's just poking along in software and isn't whining about it, who cares? Yeah,

Speaker 1  55:33
idea behind it is solid. Our enhanced don't replace is a derivative from that, based on a recent sales call group,

Matthias Miller  55:53
customer relationships, people don't customers don't care about customer relationships. And a lot of I don't know, it's just not, doesn't feel like a compelling angle people care. I would just say coming that we think it's far more compelling to business owners to talk either about a sales or B, about a headache free business, right? Yeah, or see, well, no, even sales. I think sales is a substitute for profitability, and it's sad that it's a lizard brain substitute, but I think it is kind of a lizard brain substitute. Even if you and I know that we should be asking for for profitability, we're instinctively thinking sales and react to that.

Unknown Speaker  56:59
I uh, what was the other one you talked about, um,

Matthias Miller  57:08
sales, or less a headache free business.

Speaker 1  57:18
See, I think this was derived from the series you just did on the sales journey, or the customer journey. So what title would we have given that customer free journey?

Unknown Speaker  57:32
The I mean,

Speaker 1  57:36
that is also a possibility. Well, although, okay, I was going to say that, you know, the seven stages, okay, software in the seven stages of the customer journey, or the,

Matthias Miller  57:54
I think the person who cares about customer relationships. The other thing angle that I think could really work well is how to radically simplify your business. And this takes a little explaining, but how to ratify radically simplify your business with software and you could have a serious title, and I think this is this could actually be pretty compelling if you wanted. The fourth one radically simple, how to make your business simple to run and simple to buy from. How to use software to make your business simple to run and simple to buy from. And there is a certain type of business owner who is probably an ideal client who knows that behind on the other like somewhere back there, there's a whole bunch of complexity. It just looks and feels really, really simple. Your to make your business simple to run and simple to buy from. Maybe,

Unknown Speaker  59:01
I think

Speaker 1  59:10
I really like dropping the Amish roots down there. I mean, I kind of think it's worth a bonus episode, because I do think there's some people that are say, I'm well, I'm not in software mode. But I'd like to hear that story, plus it's a here's the freebie that you're getting if you sign up, in a sense that that is the freebie, indicators of a failing software system. I would rather

Matthias Miller  59:37
do. I would rather do nightmares like I would rather do confessions of our most embarrassing failed software confession story. A blow a blow by blow on our most embarrassing failed software story. I don't know if you want to do. It. I just think that's way more compelling than how do I know when it's breaking Yeah, but I don't know, yeah, but it's also not, but there's not. It's not tied

Unknown Speaker  1:00:15
to it. People,

Matthias Miller  1:00:21
no, they're not thinking that. It's feeling. They're thinking there's this feeling I'm stuck up a creek without a paddle.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:34
Okay? What about feeling? What about

Unknown Speaker  1:00:40
assessing your software needs. Ooh, what

Matthias Miller  1:00:45
am I missing? A sneak peek into other people's businesses. Okay, and I don't know if this is what you're this is tied to assessing needs, but maybe not. One of the complaints that I've gotten about custom software is we have no idea what to ask for. And could you give this as a sneak peek into what other businesses in other industries, how businesses how businesses in other industries are using software to

Matthias Miller  1:01:35
Yeah, finding finding opportunities to streamline your business through this is not great, but what other what businesses and other industries are doing?

Speaker 1  1:01:56
What if we would actually drop the tech and software Q, a down to bonus episode.

Matthias Miller  1:02:01
I like it. I think radically simple is so I,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:06
I think that was really powerful.

Matthias Miller  1:02:08
I agree,

Speaker 1  1:02:13
though, that this they were, they were arguing at, let's be more direct. And that's kind of what I like about this. Is the top three are clearly silver loop software series.

Matthias Miller  1:02:25
Yes. The other thing I really, really like about it is, I think it speaks, I think it's almost one of the highest value propositions of your software. Yeah, it is,

Matthias Miller  1:02:41
oh, this is just, I just, I love that.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:48
I think I'm just going to,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:52
well, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:02:54
so Wall Street separate. You just say we've replaced it with bonus episode two. Yep, above. I By the way, why don't we do a tech Q A just periodically, once a quarter, send it out to our list, guys. It's our tech Q A day. Yeah, if you can join the class. I

Speaker 1  1:03:22
do love the idea of you and I and long term. We're gonna have to decide how often we do it, but if you and I doing these kinds I think we would just have a ball together.

Matthias Miller  1:03:32
Yeah, I agree, short term, until I get busy, busier than I am now. Yeah, yeah. We'll just figure out how to navigate if that ever changes.

Speaker 1  1:03:44
Well, and I mean, quite frankly, what we might do is just, I give up one week. Give up our call one week.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:56
Okay, so indicators

Matthias Miller  1:04:00
of feeling soccer system, they don't need indicators. They know it's failing. They need to know what corrective action to take. I mean, it's, it's really, it's really, when software holds you hostage, what to do when, I mean, this is the, this is the insight story. Yeah, when you know, I don't know what the term is, but it's when you've gotten painted into a corner and there is just no good option out, and you're stuck, and you'll know where to go,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:53
although, see even there. I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:04:59
it's not. Raw enough, though, yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  1:05:02
don't think either it is.

Matthias Miller  1:05:11
Let me get some relationships

Unknown Speaker  1:05:14
Well, I mean, I just think,

Speaker 1  1:05:17
I think ours are, I think somehow the top ones are pretty cohesive, radically simple using software to make your business simple to run and simple to buy from. And there we talk about systems and checklists, and you and I brainstorm about kind of what the core is of that. And then we talk about automated emails and things like that that we do. And the pitch at the end is, hey, if you'd like to talk through the challenges you face in systems, then reach out to us for a complimentary call. And I think even the first half can be just talking about, why is this so valuable,

Matthias Miller  1:05:52
right? And they know, but exactly, yeah, but we can. We can even talk about ourselves. We we run, we do custom software. And when you're working with us, we make it look like you're it's completely customized as one to one. But what you don't know. So there's a whole bunch of supporting stuff on the back end that takes a lot of the heavy I mean that so that, so that our team is only doing the really actual heavy lifting, and they can show up and do do that work, and it makes it simple for the team, or simpler, whatever I don't know. And now, because you're what happens is that you're no longer solving these little fires here and there and and you've got a rhythm for the things that happen consistently, and then you've got brain space for the big ideas. And then here's how you do it. It's system, it's process, it's checklist, it's automation, it's it's reporting, it's integrating, it's, you know, and maybe, maybe this could actually be workshopped. So, yeah, you're right. And probably on each of these we could spend, spend, probably in two calls. We could build outlines of these. It would be good enough for us to run with, probably Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:07:28
And I think what we could be doing, yeah, yeah, no. Well on that first well, all three of these are some of it might be kind of half to two thirds, just in general, here's how you do it. And then the second, I mean, on the first two ones, on the third one, it's all silver loom. And then on the last half to 1/3 you say, Okay, this is how you do it with silver loom. Sure. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:08:04
And each of these, you could open it up for Q and A if you wanted to. I mean, you don't want to leave too much time, 10 minutes at the end. And if nobody has questions, then have either something to fill it in there. Just let everybody go early. Yep. I like it. I really like it. And I think you should, you'll be making a note, or you can put a comment here for them that we should look at doing an ad on the enhanced, don't replace. I

Matthias Miller  1:08:46
Good, good, good, good.

Matthias Miller  1:08:59
Okay, for a couple of minutes,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:20
Okay. I I

Unknown Speaker  1:11:48
so This is I

Matthias Miller  1:12:18
I don't publish dates to make Give to give additional Reason for opt In Oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:30
You

Unknown Speaker  1:14:05
okay, I

Speaker 1  1:14:07
don't know they're gonna like it or not, but I'm gonna shoot it off.

Matthias Miller  1:14:12
Hey, that's what you got to do. We can argue, debate, discuss, dialog, explore, consider that's exciting. I mean,

Speaker 1  1:14:22
I would at least sign up to find out about this, if nothing else, that's all it takes,

Matthias Miller  1:14:28
all it takes, all it takes.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:36
Okay, so I'm going to respond to Matthias.

Matthias Miller  1:14:48
This and I

Unknown Speaker  1:14:51
actually

Unknown Speaker  1:14:54
are counter proposing

Matthias Miller  1:14:58
a series instead.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:01
Of a single

Unknown Speaker  1:15:04
episode.

Matthias Miller  1:15:09
Bonus items,

Matthias Miller  1:15:15
welcome feedback. Oops, I

Unknown Speaker  1:15:52
I mean,

Speaker 1  1:15:53
if they say no, if they don't sign up, they're not even warm yet. I mean, really no.

Matthias Miller  1:16:01
I mean, this is, they're not yes, but, I mean, I think there's this very I just maybe I'm drinking my own kool aid, but I think it's a really beautiful intersection between we want to, we want rock solid, good business, best practice, and tied directly to software. Yep, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:21
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:16:27
I think, yeah. I think the thing that intrigues me so much is having the three core things just be a head on sale. I mean, I mean genuinely useful, but sales ish kinds of things, and then tossing in the bonus episodes to broaden the net for people that have general to have general Tech, I kinds of things, or, and then, or just, and that would be a fun story to listen to.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:56
Yeah? So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:16:59
I love it.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:00
Yep. What can I do for you? Have

Matthias Miller  1:17:02
you talked about compensation for plan integration? Nope. The job for updating is CLS dashboards for the for investor tools. Is there any, I mean, there's a massive job, sprawling job. Here, we kill recording. It's necessary here. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai