Speaker 1  07:53
Yo yo so first question thing up and show it to me because I was I was on the road and I just quick glance at it on my phone but the My question is how is this different than what used to be the obviously you're putting in the communication record but how's how is the functionality different than what was on the opportunity excuse me the what used to be one on the opportunity record where that listed the sales and quotes

Matthias Miller  08:32
was that only probably only if there is a seller quote correct it would make it more easily visible Yeah, that's not what I wanted sales portal for ginger sales

Unknown Speaker  08:58
the opportunity

Matthias Miller  09:06
one doesn't have an opportunity.

Matthias Miller  09:28
Smith sales orders right here.

Speaker 1  09:30
Yeah. Thinking just a bit a bit easier visibility. Is that what you're thinking?

Matthias Miller  09:37
He's your visit visibility and it's one click into the visualizer.

Speaker 1  09:45
It would be it would it would it would let's create a new communication record, which would would put it at the top of the list, right?

Matthias Miller  09:55
It would be dated on the date of the quote. Yes, right.

Unknown Speaker  09:58
Right.

Matthias Miller  10:00
We pull it in like, I don't know, pull him in periodically.

Speaker 1  10:07
And this would this would create that face like I'm the same way that you're doing. The way they're ending up, the linking of those would be the exact same way it would even just add to that, that stays attached to the lady knows.

Unknown Speaker  10:22
Is that what you're thinking? Yeah. I mean, I like the extra visibility. But then, is it redundant to have a link on the opportunity as well?

Matthias Miller  10:34
We could change this opportunity. Bottom report does show quotes estimates and sales orders instead. Check kinda like better

Matthias Miller  10:51
with a link to the visualizer on there as well.

Speaker 1  10:53
Yeah. I mean, oh, no to on that, that was my main question. When you came up with this, this is a new that you already had something on the opportunity base here. And I just don't know, if we want to have it. I don't want to be redundant with it, although it's just whatever you want to do that.

Matthias Miller  11:14
Do you mind if I hijack this bottom report for that? Let's do that.

Speaker 1  11:21
And then if you clicked on so right, now, if there's more than one communication record there, and you select the row down below, well, I mean, there'll be the list of them will be in the left hand side are you also going to do into the communication record as well? Or no sorry, if you I'm saying if you hijacked the list in the bottom right hand corner are you also going to put it over here in the community? Okay, got it.

Speaker 2  11:47
Just one place. It's

Speaker 1  11:55
almost kind of like it over here in the, in the communication log, because it's like, you can see based on when it's created, like you'll see communication because it kind of creates almost a timeline for it. I guess it will also do the same thing in the bottom right. But

Matthias Miller  12:12
you can see where it's I don't care. I kind of like

Unknown Speaker  12:15
it over there and the communication log all right. I would say if you're going to put it over there and this is our main Yeah, I kind of like that I'd make it big

Matthias Miller  12:37
Okay, I'll do that. The other question was adding a building size to this report based on what type one

Unknown Speaker  12:55
building size

Unknown Speaker  13:00
yeah

Speaker 1  13:06
just going to be misleading then it would go off and do a quote and then the person is going to expect that to update

Matthias Miller  13:15
Well, why don't we only do it on the NOC not yet qualified page.

Unknown Speaker  13:19
I'm good with that.

Unknown Speaker  13:29
Um

Matthias Miller  13:35
So do we want to weigh in? We want to talk about opportunity statuses.

Speaker 1  13:45
Well, not if it only got two minutes. Okay. You're truly dropping it in two minutes. And that's not

Matthias Miller  13:55
okay. Well, I've got I can take I can take a few extra. Megan take five but

Speaker 1  14:02
yeah, but we're not gonna we're not gonna get very far in seven minutes.

Matthias Miller  14:07
Okay, well, let's see if we can connect. I gotta I kind of want this to be informed by sit. But here's what I want. I don't know if this is the right thing. You might disagree. I kind of want this to be important, but gingers opinion.

Speaker 1  14:23
Well, okay, hi. I am going to be out in Ohio next week. One of the things I'm asking Ohio for is I want to I want to see the sales process that you're using with their online guide. And then if you want that information, as you know, now, I talked to Robert today he said he sent a bunch of that stuff to North Carolina so you might be able to extract it from them as well. I don't know where it's, I don't know. I kind of it was a flowchart which can be helpful or not helpful. I really want to I want to hear it. I want to sit down and hear how they're handling this from from the mouths of the sales guys who are using it. And then if that if you want some of that information before we kind of dig into this rates otherwise, here's my thought I would love to see. See what they're doing? And then we cracked something. And then like, maybe it's like when you give it to ginger and say, pound away on this process for two weeks, and let's see what it does for your sales. And it's like, oh, bump in sales, okay. And then it's like, then you roll it on further, or? I don't know, that's kind of what's rolling around in my head. Yep.

Matthias Miller  15:43
Do you have a philosophical objection to letting dealers opt out of the email alerts for new leads?

Speaker 1  15:55
So you're saying a new lead is generated, it gets assigned, and an email goes to that dealer saying, Hey, you got a new lead? Is that what we're talking about? Yeah. Who wants to opt out of it? Ginger is getting flooded with emails, which means he's getting flooded with leads.

Matthias Miller  16:17
With fewer leads?

Speaker 1  16:19
Well, I mean, philosophically, if I'm going to object to that, I'm going to say let's narrow the if you get any traction on the idea of shrinking the radius is a little bit.

Matthias Miller  16:28
It's on the agenda for tomorrow.

Speaker 1  16:32
Here's what I would, I would be strongly in favor if gingers getting a too many leads for her to operate. Why can't we dynamically? Okay, here's what I would love to have. We say, if Mike would say, hey, Matthias, if a dealer says I'm getting overwhelmed with leads, we have the the unilateral power to go shrink their size. Based on something I don't know, it would be nice to be able to say, you know, it would be nice to be able to say have some sort of way for assistance to say shrink it down to 35. Jumping back up to 50, you know, kind of a thing. Well, you could be a little bit more dynamic with this without having to go in and laboriously, you know, reduce it codeless.

Matthias Miller  17:24
We could say if they if they've gotten 10, leads in the last month, bump them up to 50. If they've gotten 15, leads in the last sorry, last week, bump it down to or bump it down to 40. If they've gotten 20, bump it down to 30, or something like that, where it's a graduated scale.

Speaker 1  17:55
Oh, no show on it. I mean, because here's the thing, if you know that if gingers getting tons of leads, that she's not going to do well with them all. Like they're getting an optimal sweet spot. And I don't know what it was, I wish we had a way to measure this. Like, I feel like there's, I feel like we crossed the hump. And I've heard it just based on conversations I've had with her. Where for a bit there a couple of months ago, about a month or two ago, I feel like she was hitting a really nice spot and sales were cranking really well. And then we had that slowdown, then I kicked her in the pants. And I don't know, it's just I'm just, I'm talking out loud. I don't know if any of it has relevance or not.

Matthias Miller  18:39
Okay, well, Calvin and Marcus have have talked about being overwhelmed as well with with lat traffic increasing. And so they're only getting local leads now, it might still be too big. I'm telling Mike, that if we spend three grand more a month on Facebook, we will be able to get Marissa and Tory on that 6% target. And, and we actually won't lose and we can shrink the radius of the brick and mortar and we won't shouldn't lose, to actually not have that that much fewer leads for brick and mortars. So it's the right way but

Speaker 1  19:20
Riddle me this here would be a really interesting question. And I'm sure that you probably can create this kind of report really, really fast. If we said, hey, assist right now. Like, take the current sales territories, and like have a report of saying this many my leads if you're 50 miles, it's not a leads. If you're at 40 miles, this leads if you're 30 miles and like per dealership and you can start to see what's the ratio change where where's that traffic starting to come from? Like, is it is it all inside the the 20 Miles is inside of 30 Miles is Instead of 40 miles, where's that optimal sweet spots? And you can start to, you know? You understand what I'm what I'm chasing? Yeah, yep. Because striking a balance between how much you crank it down and push off to online girls versus keeping, you know, some way of measuring of that stuff.

Unknown Speaker  20:26
Yeah

Unknown Speaker  20:32
I mean, I know you've got nothing else to do you know, so

Matthias Miller  20:35
no, I I've been telling my wife I'm so ridiculously bored. And she's trying to get me out of the house and go do something

Speaker 1  20:46
ridiculously bored and you know, you just have nothing else to do on stuff. Okay, sounds good. We should back


Transcribed by https://otter.ai