Unknown Speaker  00:37
Hi, can you hear me? Yep, I can hear you.

Speaker 1  00:40
Okay, great. Good to see you. It's been a while since I joined a video call.

Speaker 2  00:45
I know, right? It's a little different than the given those phone calls every day. Yeah, yeah, for sure. For sure, actually,

Speaker 1  00:55
I'll tell you this because it's all part of my love of the human psyche. I decided that I was going to call in to all of the calls, because I realized there's a different experience when you cannot see someone's facial expression. And personally, I find myself to have a very I have trouble with that. I have trouble with that with my tone of voice like my inflections, if I'm not being very thoughtful. I was like, I need to just call in so that I understand I'm getting like the same experience. Everyone else it most mostly everyone else has on the calls.

Speaker 2  01:33
So yeah, it's actually just trying to be a little more self aware. Yeah, makes sense. So I'm gonna actually miss probably especially after COVID For that I get a lot more just voice calls. Yeah. I still do this I don't know if you've ever heard plenty of background noise on my when I'm on but going on walks or things like that. Getting your body moving is really gonna be really helpful. So

Speaker 1  02:05
I agree. I like actually just hacked up my standing desk with our impending move. So I'm sitting now and it is like it's weird. I'm used to like scanning and moving around all this

Unknown Speaker  02:22
Yep, makes sense. Yeah. It sorry are you able to hear us Hey, yeah, I can Alright, so I'm gonna go ahead and jump in and walk you through okay, well first of all I'm gonna actually do this if you guys want to

Speaker 2  02:54
you guys I did I did give you guys permission to access the new portal so you guys want to play around with it you're welcome to I'll do a screen share here and kind of walk through this and let me know if you guys can see it. Yes, I can see it. Okay, I think Marissa has internet but might be getting in trouble here

Unknown Speaker  03:32
definitely makes a difference Yes. Come back.

Speaker 2  04:36
While we're waiting on her, were able to pull up that link. Let me see

Unknown Speaker  04:51
this course

Unknown Speaker  05:03
Yes, I see it here

Speaker 2  05:06
since we're planning to officially make the switch this weekend. And so this will give you a chance to play around with it. Okay, cool.

Speaker 3  05:16
Is it pretty much just the setup of it? There's different. I mean, I'm sure we'll get into all of that.

Speaker 2  05:22
But yeah, it's mostly that should be love. It's the same okay

Speaker 3  05:46
I like how it has like three days old four to seven. Like it tells you how old the quote is. That's cool. There's

Speaker 2  06:02
one thing, we're still kind of playing around with this the whole better is better grouping of the of the leaves. See? There she comes.

Unknown Speaker  06:38
Welcome back. Thank you.

Speaker 1  06:40
I apologize. This is quite nice. Today, the power has just gone kaput, for like a split second. So one times,

Speaker 2  06:49
six times. Okay. Sounds good. I'm just gonna do a quick walkthrough. I'll have some questions for you. And then we can talk about some things that are different. configurator link is now up here at the top. And the Resource Center, which has notion is up top as well. The finally is has a few more prompts in the status and highlight and then I've been testing one on gingers, but you can use that to filter in leads, we'll get into the opportunity screen in just a second. clock in and clock out is the same. And believe. We haven't specifically tested the clock out, we'll just do that while I'm getting out of it.

Speaker 2  07:54
Because I'm not in the round robin. All right, I'm 90% sure we had. Yeah, clock in clock out. There's also new contacts here, which Dwayne added, if you need to add a contact and then start adding an opportunity, an opportunity from there, which doesn't really apply to you guys. To do report. Okay, so first of all, the basic, the basic layout is putting everything on one screen having the menu on the left, and does mean that there's some of these reports that scroll but you guys had mentioned you're not using the Mercy you'd mentioned, you're not using the 2d report all that much. And there were a few columns that dropped off of here. They were the the phone the contact via in the Active Campaign. Sorry, I said I was going to go through this, I want to give you guys just a little bit context before we go too deep. So we, if you drill into an opportunity, we now have an opportunity view here. And for technical reasons, it's laid out kind of backwards, but you've got the communications on the left, that selected communication in the middle of GED that for any reason, and then the opportunity on the right. We are going to be adding a phone number and email address on the right. So with this selected, and then there's one additional thing which is a new communication button here, which allows you to quickly put in a new communication record and a communication record. And then if you need to go back and edit, you can just hit edit here, make your edits save or if you need to make any changes to the opportunity. You can do that. Then save the opportunity from here as well. Okay. This is going to become the primary way to view opportunities. It's the plan we have an opportune Nice report that's now broken into the status broken down by age. Sorted By age, I believe. I'm actually sure there's a slight difference on this one here should be the origination change. Okay. Now it actually doesn't show the the sun might might actually make sense to have a days old

Speaker 2  10:34
on there as well showing showing these and then drilling into here opens up the the district court as well, the same opportunity here.

Speaker 1  10:54
This is one of the things I noticed that's different here is the click link out to sales message. Do you think that is just what do you think that?

Speaker 2  11:03
I don't have sales message installed on here? And I believe, if you so one of the things is, once the phone number shows up, it'll this will be showing up as a telephone link, which I think should automatically open up sales message at that point that that will have to happen after the weekend, during the weekend. No worries, that makes sense.

Speaker 1  11:24
So you have not yet qualified call. So when you're in this opportunities page, these colors blue, yellow, and purple are based on their status. And then you can rank them font, any of these filtering methods

Speaker 2  11:41
are currently ranked by the age of we age of leaf. Okay, perfect. So I'm not, not 100% convinced this is the best way to do it. But step one is consolidating these into something that works for both you guys, again, the physical locations, and then we'll continue making improvements to workload from there. For example, you know, imagine having a view that's kind of like this, but you have your own and your own groupings, you know, not, not contacted. warm and hot, something like that. Okay,

Speaker 1  12:26
is there a method for splitting out the contact information where the name, email and phone number are stacked? The first thing I'm thinking of is being able to extract a lot of email addresses at one time like 10 to 15 to be able to send like a notice like, Hey, we're offering this discount, here's your deadline, just the hooking process

Unknown Speaker  13:00
we could do

Unknown Speaker  13:07
just making Yeah, for sure. That's

Speaker 1  13:14
totally a lower tier thing. This looks really great. Just see it in this format. I've really liked seeing the location that's been so helpful and commerce station with people because I used to just Google the zip code, but then that usually brings like a couple towns up at once. So it's nice to see like, oh, it's popular.

Unknown Speaker  13:35
Yeah, that's been really really helpful.

Speaker 2  13:39
I think actually one of the things we could actually do on this which might be

Unknown Speaker  13:52
I will do that I will change those two blanks. Email Plus phone interview was

Speaker 2  14:05
nice and then we got configurations, which is pretty. Pretty straightforward. Awake to opening to the Configurator. Okay, we've got a lot of buildings as well. Including transit building photos. Sales and quotes. One of the big changes would is very recent sales to show status. Because it's straight this for ginger, I think she might have a little bit of a better view. Here are ones that are getting ready to build. Here's one that's delayed and those recently built. So that gives you a little bit of a window into where it does, where it's at and status as far as making changes for building that's nice. And then on the right you have your open quotes shipping calculator that's pretty straightforward sales goals pretty straightforward wiki got this this view here and then an edit link that lets you edit or a new wiki up top to

Unknown Speaker  15:34
some of these do have C switching ones of these this one is going to clean up some of these when you make a note

Speaker 1  15:48
there's a note above in the menu above Matthias running horizontal where it says Update builder notes is that what is that what would that take us to if you were in this view

Speaker 2  16:01
is a it allows you to update the biller notes directly from here

Speaker 2  16:10
I'm not sure if it shows anything if it's boring this one I

Speaker 1  16:20
don't know ever been able to do that before I've always had to send something through discord so I was curious if that's safe to do

Speaker 2  16:30
let me see there's one question that I have on that is what happens with builder nodes seems like we should

Unknown Speaker  16:49
know minimum do this?

Speaker 2  17:16
Got it, I don't know. So I mean probably the biggest caveat is if there are builder notes on there, this will this will overwrite them

Speaker 2  17:33
there's Yeah. Okay. I don't know if there are any other special instructions probably Dwayne question

Unknown Speaker  17:50
I think this view is fantastic. It's very It seems like it's more

Unknown Speaker  17:58
intuitive I guess.

Speaker 1  18:01
The questions that like you kind of have on top of mind when you're finding like logistics type of things like this for your customers trying to

Unknown Speaker  18:10
stay on top of it

Speaker 1  18:14
is there a place where they can message you or it's only a builder notes are to the builder there's never a message back right

Speaker 2  18:23
message back and builder notes get included on the builder diagram but if they've told the builder diagram before you update the builder notes they won't see it which is why day after day before edits are pre dangerous and also it's often good just to check in with the builder and confirm that they are aware that there's something special so a few questions that I that I've got the TT report okay this to do report we should just go ahead and add the same contact information over on this one I think that's a very simple simple solution so that actually addresses that question we don't have contact via anymore on any of this stuff. From you guys's perspective, intuitive place to be

Unknown Speaker  19:41
right there on the opportunity angles view

Speaker 1  19:52
do you think Tori, should it go under the CRM opportunity or the to do list

Unknown Speaker  19:56
as far as your contact information?

Unknown Speaker  19:58
Yeah, like the preference one where it shares most the time, honestly, I ended up going back to the original submission

Unknown Speaker  20:16
which means you would see it here.

Unknown Speaker  20:18
Yeah, that's usually what I'm doing. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  20:21
Yeah, let's see there.

Speaker 3  20:25
Quick question. The last page you were on? Are we able to go directly to their quote if they have one?

Speaker 2  20:33
Oh, from the Oh, that's a good point. Yeah. From this Oh, yes. No, these are good communication.

Unknown Speaker  20:45
Good point.

Speaker 3  20:50
Yeah, that would be great. So like, if we're on the phone with them, we can just click on that quote and see instead of going back and searching

Unknown Speaker  20:59
what if we would do the work to remember how much of this we did?

Unknown Speaker  21:13
Now we don't have that what if we would we would go do the work of having a communication record auto created for the for each books that would show up in the left lane. Open it up? What exactly do you mean by that? So basically, you would have a let me do this

Speaker 2  21:46
we would have this isn't correct, but it would be something like

Unknown Speaker  22:00
new findings I will. Knowing that let me demonstrate and then Okay.

Speaker 2  22:31
Something like this where we would the the type here would say perhaps say quotes, and have a description quote for with a link to the to the quote itself, but you could open up the quote. So you would see the quotes mixed in with your other communication records.

Unknown Speaker  22:48
Go with that.

Unknown Speaker  22:49
What do you think Mercer?

Unknown Speaker  22:51
What does it take you to when you select the link?

Speaker 2  22:54
It would take you into the quote itself? The sales order? Oh, to

Unknown Speaker  22:58
close out the quote.

Speaker 1  23:00
I guess we're thinking of what we're thinking of the dealer portal. Yeah. So don't think it'll be helpful if it's just taking here. Unless there's a link out to the dealer

Unknown Speaker  23:12
give you like the dealer portal,

Unknown Speaker  23:15
then yes, if they can go that far. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  23:21
That's basically just

Speaker 1  23:26
I say that right to worry. Because if I think whoa, I'm thinking I want to get in and Yeah, exactly. Like, yeah, you can exchange on the building.

Speaker 2  23:35
They're building Yeah. So instead, it would be more like this again. And there you go. Yes. There we go. Perfect.

Unknown Speaker  23:49
That save a lot of time.

Speaker 2  23:51
Okay. So create communication records words with link to visualizer.

Speaker 2  24:08
Are you guys with our changes to beer is? With our changes to Active Campaign integration, do you ever pull up the Active Campaign link directly anymore?

Speaker 1  24:25
No, not since we didn't like transition over to emailing them through Active Campaign. I think that's what the original thought process was having like a common area for that communication channel. And then that didn't take off as much as we thought it could. Yeah, like I think there was some limitations in adding pictures and just some of the usual things we could do in our Gmail accounts that caused that problem. Excellence I think you could add a picture it was just file size was like really

Speaker 2  24:59
restrictive. Yeah, it's okay. So then the other major thing, the other significant thing we're missing here that we're probably taking away unless it was the the opportunity screen the configuration link here. Are you guys using this?

Unknown Speaker  25:26
That I don't think is online anymore,

Unknown Speaker  25:29
is it? I don't use it.

Speaker 1  25:34
I was using the building size was not using that configuration column as much, although I do find that field in the type form helpful to know what they were on at the time when they selected the type form.

Speaker 2  25:51
We can, but as far as you're concerned, you can just pull up the type one and then grab that information out. Yes,

Speaker 1  25:56
I think that fulfills, that needs just fine. I do like seeing the interest in the building size, if that's possible on this opportunities.

Unknown Speaker  26:10
Columns. Stevens took a quick look at what it takes to

Unknown Speaker  26:21
well, reason for that.

Speaker 1  26:34
Honestly, the reason for that for me, is if I'm going to send them a blitz, like we were doing updates on vinyl, discounting vinyl discounting metal, I can give them a faster, Hey, guys, we're running $400 off of the building, you were interested in really fast, because they see how big the building is they want it. So that's the only reason I'd be scrubbing it that way.

Speaker 2  26:57
But if we have a separate view that splits out these, that could be in an expanded view. Under the find leads report report, for example, I don't know. Like, you mentioned you wanted separate columns for the contact with and we basically have one view, the condensed view that we use here. And then have an expanded view, where if you're searching for lead, or you want to, you want to view all of your leads, etc. Those would all be in separate columns, and also show the billing size at that point. Or no? Does that make sense? You're gonna want to what I'm trying to say is, from what you're saying, I don't know, if I'm understanding this right, you're gonna want the billing size. at whatever point you want to copy out a whole bunch of email addresses as well.

Speaker 1  27:59
Or just when I'm making phone calls, because what I'll do with is to be efficient is I would leave this page up and I would just start dial dial, dial dial dial until I get an answer. And so if I can see the size building I can be a little more intuitive on the voicemail so if next to lead source, there was a Colin there and say, hey, you know you were talking about that 12 by 24 building, and then you know, call me this number, just faster, shorter voicemails that I don't have to click into each thing every time and pull up the opportunity record, and then I could leave a couple of voicemails and then finally pick up the phone with someone and then all I need to do is go back and leave notes that I left voicemails for the first four in their contact record so that's just the way my brain works when it comes

Unknown Speaker  28:45
to just dialing change

Unknown Speaker  28:55
you feedback from your story as far as configuration and rebuilding sighs

Speaker 3  29:05
I think I'm good on that part. So if Marissa wants to see that column, that's fine with me. I usually click their name to see everything like I understand like her process too, so I'm open

Speaker 1  29:19
as long as there's room like if there it seems like we have room now but if it were to become too claustrophobic we could always I'm totally fine with dropping that

Unknown Speaker  29:27
makes sense? Question

Speaker 2  29:36
then if you're leaving voicemails, you need a way to leave a communication record. How do you do that this year? Consider listing calling people.

Speaker 1  29:50
I try to do them in batches to be as quick as I can. I will either leave the voicemail notes while I'm like leaving the voice Like, and then move on to the next one. Or I'll do a bunch of voicemails at one time and then go back and mark those communication or groups. That's me. I don't know about you Tori, what do you do? I'd love to learn.

Speaker 3  30:12
No, I do like one by one I click their name. And then after I leave a voicemail, or whatever the communication is I selected and then go back, but your scenes really fast. I know I usually click I usually click their name and go into the communication record.

Speaker 2  30:29
Yeah, makes sense. We'll talk about I think at some level, we're gonna have to start putting some customizability to how some of these things show up. But I don't know if or when but your use case makes a lot of sense Merson? Any concern concerns that if we turn this on tomorrow, any concerns where you're like, Oh, I can't do X, Y or Z. Or this is really colicky?

Unknown Speaker  31:12
I think I will be fine. I know. It just takes some getting used to.

Speaker 1  31:16
I would want to know where did the new leads drop? Because I think right now I have to filter by? I'm assuming they're just going to hit this not qualified at the top.

Unknown Speaker  31:28
Would they still be in color? With a silhouette? Would they still be blue?

Speaker 2  31:35
Yeah. Okay. I believe so.

Speaker 1  31:43
And then the follow up date doesn't turn purple until something set?

Unknown Speaker  31:50
See? I'll let you

Speaker 1  31:55
know when you're in the opportunities page. So it looks like those hyperlinks for the due dates, though those are origination dates. Oh, needs?

Unknown Speaker  32:03
Oh, can we

Speaker 3  32:07
go. I think now it's just easy to tell when a new lead comes in because everything's purple. But the new lead is blue. If it was a different

Speaker 2  32:15
color. If the zero on zero days, or on

Unknown Speaker  32:23
wait, let me go back to the original

Speaker 1  32:25
opportunity idea. I think I totally hear what you're saying. Yes,

Speaker 3  32:29
the ID. So if I go to my opportunities page right now, everything is purple. But when a new lead comes in, ID is blue. So I noticed a new lead.

Unknown Speaker  32:42
So I believe

Speaker 1  32:44
Kira, that one just popped in. Yep. So that popped in as a purple like it's purple.

Speaker 2  32:52
I think I think basically, they won't translate over because we're sending you to a different page. But going forward once you drill into the first time it'll turn purple as well.

Speaker 1  33:02
When you click on it, that's when it changes to purple. Yeah. Okay. So, to me that sounds like it will be the same what we're having right now Tory We're the new leads would be blue until you click on it.

Unknown Speaker  33:14
Okay. Deal.

Unknown Speaker  33:18
On purple, all these colors.

Speaker 2  33:24
Okay, I'll take a look at making some of these changes. And think if if you guys are up to playing around with that link that I sent you, you're welcome to start trying to use this new cockpit and tell me what else is showing up? It's driving me crazy. Yeah. As far as well. Yeah, yeah, let's call it a wrap. I still want to get to the conversation of better grouping of leads. But that let's get phase one done. And we'll dig into that.

Speaker 3  34:08
Good so much for this and thank you for your time, guys. I'm excited about it.

Speaker 2  34:12
Yeah, appreciate it. Hopefully this will make also make it easier. The end goal here was making it easier to have one thing that works for everybody and then make it easier to make adjustments going forward. So

Speaker 1  34:22
wait, that's exciting. Good and check out that link. Alright.

Unknown Speaker  34:30
All right. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai