Matthias Miller  00:55
Seth is

Speaker 1  00:55
Seth will be ready to do an additional work on the payroll launch beginning in June. Can I talk to Seth again?

Unknown Speaker  01:12
Say something. I can't tell if I can hear you.

Matthias Miller  01:14
Yeah, sorry. I'm just teasing at you. Yes, teasing.

Speaker 1  01:19
Sorry, my, this old razor laptop camera doesn't work. So you just get to look at my name.

Matthias Miller  01:26
Your name looks good. You got a good name to look at?

Unknown Speaker  01:39
All right. Is he back from school? Awesome for the summer?

Matthias Miller  01:43
Yeah. Vapor solutions. Gotcha.

Matthias Miller  01:55
Good. Okay. Well, here's where we want to tell you

Speaker 1  02:00
when you're ready for me to start firing it? Yeah. Yep. Go for it. So here's maybe there's a disconnect in my brain on this using labor intensive buildings. Rules to there seems to be this conversation from the builders side about what they pay builders based on different calculations for different if it's a cottage or not, if it's a dog kennel or not, they want to pay certain different values based on those types of buildings. Do you remember this conversation?

Matthias Miller  02:40
Yeah, yep. So where I'm

Speaker 1  02:44
drawing a blank is okay, so you said we can use labor intensive calculus rules to create to help to help with this? Where is this information exposed to the builder? I'm, I'm telling you to ask Mark does question as well. But like, Where does this tie into? What is it tied to? What? How does it tell Calvin that he should pay an extra amount of money to to his guys if they are, if it's a dog kennel? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  03:22
Don't know what tells him that? He just knows that? I don't know. So you're

Speaker 1  03:27
this the labor intensive calculation rules that Mark sent to me is tying into finished goods inventory

Matthias Miller  03:34
costs. Yeah, so the labor intensive thing that ties into the payroll module, which adds to the payroll pool above and beyond the 15% is also what gets shoved into that building's labor cost in addition to that base percentage if that makes sense

Speaker 1  04:00
really is I'm a little bit afraid that he has understood the scope differently or maybe I'm understanding the scope differently I don't know

Matthias Miller  04:12
Well, it's possible

Unknown Speaker  04:23
let me look with this

Speaker 1  04:32
put this I just put this somewhere okay FTI calculations so he sent me this spreadsheet labor intensive buildings if building is a chicken coop and then pay 18% pay it to who

Speaker 1  04:58
is building contains into relation of paneling then pay 11 point something is building is read of this is North planet if building is a retail sale then paying 16 and a half percent so who is where and what somehow

Matthias Miller  05:21
that's right I understand you're out let me let me see this too yes word to the polis coming to you

Unknown Speaker  05:41
live the spreadsheet at the bottom

Speaker 1  06:21
okay, so labor intensive building says assign these ecostyle for A to F building build

Matthias Miller  06:31
really you really sounds like you're talking into a barrel sure what changed

Unknown Speaker  06:41
so still there in the barrel

Matthias Miller  06:43
yes still still a barrel it's just slightly muffled I'm not sure why but it had been having good but

Unknown Speaker  07:02
all right, is that any better?

Matthias Miller  07:03
That is a lot better.

Speaker 1  07:05
I all I did is we connect to Bluetooth and my headphones so we'll see if that helps. So under labor intensive building expressions assigned whatever whatever $1.42 If the building builder has shed time and shed if it shut down and the check time bonus minus assist building something anyway in District X and on and on and on, shed time bonus minus assist buildings. What is shed time bonus is that oh, that's just the notes that's silly me what am I doing? Okay. So the building square footage the V square foot charge dollar 42 that of labor intensive? Where does this square foot times dollar 42 Go? It goes against the pool is that right?

Matthias Miller  07:58
Adds to the pool. Okay, so in this case, what you want to do is you want to create a rule that is that takes ads one and a half percent for Honeyville and adds 3% For said time adds four and a half percent for Adam. That's four and a half. How are you

Unknown Speaker  08:23
coming up with that with that? Talk Okay, where do you get the 3% Okay, well for that production they were Honeyville six and a half percent and chickens debate team setting on Okay, so there's

Matthias Miller  08:39
from an SGI standpoint it's a team Honeyville 18 minus 16 and a half the shed time is 1188 minus 888 etc Now the pool My understanding is the pool has always been 15% or whatever the equivalent

Speaker 1  08:56
is it's 15% of of manufacturer price right and and then he's so they're saying so in the case of vinyl structures then then we're saying if the building is retail then pay 16 and a half percent nine and a half percent if it's chairs so that would be 15%. So four and a half percent for chairs to add a four and a half percent for Andy's four and a half percent for cherrystone four and a half percent for Raymond is that how I'm understanding what you're saying?

Matthias Miller  09:28
Yeah, but what about ship time? What is ship times is ship time still put 15% in the pool? Yeah, I think so. So then how do they pay do they pay an additional do they pay 18% to their employees well

Speaker 1  09:43
18% If it's a chicken coop so that if it's a typical but adds an extra percentage of dollar value and I guess

Matthias Miller  09:52
as long as that's how we wanted to work then everything's hunky dory.

Speaker 1  09:55
No, see, this is this is making me scratch my head a little bit because I know the builders keep talking about this, you know, I want to be able to pay builders off of X number or if it's this, I want to do that. And so when Calvin says, I want to pay 80% on a chicken coop where's he getting his math from? Like, like, we don't have any reporting to my knowledge that that exposes these numbers. So I guess this is really a mark question. I really, I just, I wanted to make sure I understand what where you were going with this. So this, these things are just adding to the pool? We're not. So that doesn't really come live until we start using the payroll module, right.

Matthias Miller  10:43
Well, yeah, I mean, that doesn't go go live until the payroll manager but then, but we need to get this nailed down, because that's coming.

Speaker 1  11:03
Well, guess what, I'm in Ohio next week, I guess, maybe Tuesday, Mark, and I can look at each other and ask, maybe, maybe, what's the Tuesday look like?

Unknown Speaker  11:16
I mean, I'm slammed.

Matthias Miller  11:19
I blocked two months, three months, three months. months ago, I blocked out almost my entire week. So

Unknown Speaker  11:30
wow, okay.

Matthias Miller  11:33
They're getting pay rate for what I'm willing to do for each additional hour and working.

Speaker 1  11:38
I like that was a that was a very diplomatic way of saying I'm going to charge you more if you make me talk to you.

Matthias Miller  11:45
Well, that's not even diplomatic. It's just a straight up fact. Yeah.

Speaker 1  11:48
Wow. But it's so much nicer way to say an escalating pay rate than to say I'm going to charge you more.

Matthias Miller  11:52
I'm going to sock it to you. Okay, so

Speaker 1  11:55
f g, I slash labor intensive.

Speaker 1  12:12
Okay, so All right. So, all right. I'm going to make some notes on this. And I will, I'm going to try to get some details on it from Mark next week. Exactly how this thing working is, are we doing the right thing and then I can stop. I can circle back with you. Which or he can circle back or whatever. But I think he's off Monday. I think he hasn't used and I'm just gonna find some time to get this question answered. Make sure that we're both talking the same language because I have a feeling we're missing each other on this one.

Matthias Miller  12:43
So if you're in Ohio, are we doing the IFR call on Wednesday? Do I need to be on it? Oh, no.

Unknown Speaker  12:54
I mean, I mean the Deanna on on Wednesday, you're

Matthias Miller  12:58
you're Indiana Wednesday. Okay. I mean, if it's moving it's moving our call to Tuesday, that might be a different option.

Unknown Speaker  13:16
I don't know if I really want to do that. Let me just what are we what are we talking about on that call?

Matthias Miller  13:25
That's a good mark is gonna have a laundry list of stuff that we need to touch baseline check up on and see where things are at and project.

Speaker 1  13:32
If I can take off from it. I'm going to try to keep it keep it Wednesday out. I'll ask this question and maybe that'll come up in your college mark and then on Wednesday. That sounds like a fantastic idea. Okay, cat brilliant.

Matthias Miller  13:44
Cool for sure.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai