Matthias Miller  00:00
All right, welcome, welcome, welcome. Glad to have you on this little call with me today. And we are going to talk about the signature talent, how high performing business leaders get the most done with the least amount of effort. And just to give you a little background for this situation where we are actually overwhelmed, we've got a lot of things vying for our attention. And it feels like no matter how fast we run, or how hard we push, we're getting, you know, falling further behind. And the key in all of this is getting rid of that that overwhelm is absolutely critical for a leader because I think one of the one of the most valuable and most important things to protect as a leader is that sense of calm. And that understanding that you're in the clarity that you are moving forward exactly where you need to need to move forward, I think one of the things that's often the most debilitating for leaders is this whole thing of not knowing exactly what you should be focusing on, or what you should be doing, or what's next. So we're gonna talk about that a little bit. Today, I want to talk a little bit and give you a little bit of a context. First, before we get too far into it. There's nothing we defined in terms of productivity that are centered around tactical pieces, one of the tactical pieces of delegation handing things off, I think that's actually would be a great topic and training to get into some other time. But we're not going to do that. What we're actually going to do is we are going to talk a little bit about some of the principles that are at play. In other words, this is the underlying framework that you need to take a look at. And once you understand the underlying framework, everything else will become a lot clearer and a lot easier to understand. So if you're good, give me a thumbs up within me Say hi, and we're gonna get rolling. So I think number one most important things you need to understand is that the world of averages is the averages lie. averages or miss. averages or whatever percent of math in all of life, if you look through all of life is there is averages to help you. There's certainly benefit to averages. But there are a lot of things that hide within averages. For example, if you have a extremely well, let's just say you look at the average profitability project. This is a simple practical example. The average, you know, you'll say, here's the average profitability. Now, here's the thing that is hiding, there is always strong disproportionate differences between the highest performing most profitable product and the lowest performing for the most profitable product. And as a as an example. And one of the things that you should do is look at what the lowest with the least possible product is because you're probably losing significant amounts of money on the least possible product. They did just eliminate products and expect everything to be okay, you have to understand that this product ties into the rest of your ecosystem of your business. And sometimes, sometimes it really is as simple as saying, look, we're not going to do this anymore. It doesn't benefit us, it's not profitable. And you can you can get rid of it. But there's other times we actually need to pay special close attention to what changes you make in your business because there's this unexpected ripple effect that if you remove an unprofitable product offering that actually may actually be lead people into the in the door to engage with some of your higher profit items. And so understanding the interconnection of that, I just want to add this as a caveat that you really do need to exert some thought, and exert some caution before you just start obliterating things from your business. So things are disproportionately valued. Now, this isn't just to do with products, this has to do with employees, there are certain employees that are way, way, way more productive, and much more likely to be with you long term than other employees. This applies to vary. Okay, so now now so so that's within the context of your business. And this can be applied to any any number of things, certain types of customers that you serve certain market segments, certain things, like there's all kinds of stuff that this can be applied. And if your mind is exploding right now with possibilities about your business, then

Matthias Miller  04:33
I haven't done my job and we need to keep keep holding this point in. And I'm happy to talk about this some more at some point. So if you do, just just reach back out to me and let's, let's have a conversation. Let's let's expand on this, if you really got all of this and make this make this practical, make this useful for yourself now is the other way that it applies. There are certain things in terms of yourself that are wildly productive, both in terms of backup a little bit how We measure productivity. I think that's a super important question. I think people have this idea that people are machines, and they're not. You cannot look at a person as a machine, there are a few factors that are important is your productivity. For example, it's important that you get some personal fulfillment, and personal satisfaction out of the things that you do. Because if you don't, it's not sustainable, we will trap I see a lot of people falling into when the sub six figure right around six figure, Business, Business Owner, and even beyond that, but the reach this point where their motivation is self sustaining. And so they're constantly need to push themselves in order to continue moving forward. And I think that one of the most critical pieces you can do for high performance is tapping into the steam motivation, which I talked about just one aspect of that in the article unstoppable force. But so understanding that you asked it, that there's fulfillment, that you have to look at this dissatisfaction that you have to look at in the things that you're doing. But it's not just that it's also looking at the value of the contribution that you're making into the business. So you know, you get an incredible amount of satisfaction from dotting eyes and crossing T's, and all kinds of different areas and avenues and ensuring perfection. That unless that's actually adding significant value to the business, then you're you end up shooting yourself in the foot, because it's, it's fun, but it's not highly productive. And so what you really want to do is you want to find that, if you love perfection, if you have dotting i's and crossing T's, it's important for you to find a place in your business where that is the most critical and has the greatest amount of value, for example, you do that may save you depending on what type of decision you're making, you're making large capital decisions, these are easily worth six, seven figures. So understanding where where to apply that what context to apply, that is going to be tremendously helpful for you to understand where we're where to go with that. Now, I want to dive in a little bit deeper, because as you may suspect, suspect of what we've been saying earlier, this is not equal. In other words, there are some things that dramatically kill motivation. And they dramatically kill personal satisfaction. And so if you were to make a list of all the things that you're doing, you would have and rank them from top to bottom, most fulfilling and satisfying to least fulfilling and satisfying. You would have Once you're at the bottom of the list, they're absolutely draining for you. And most leaders can get an immediate boost in their productivity, if they figured out a way that they spent time figuring out a way to get how to get rid of those bottom two drainers. Because here's what I find. There's a negative momentum cycle that you get into when you're constantly working with when you're constantly working to offset those bottom D motivators. So so what happens is you dread whatever it is that you had to do going into it, you do it, it drains you under the end of it, and you're exhausted the other end. And now you have to catch yourself out back up to zero, first of all, to get rolling again, and maybe even back past zero, to move forward. And so you exert a tremendous amount of energy and effort. And before you know it, this is like a forex cost of, of your energy versus everything else that you're doing. So finding out how to offload those things. And just

Matthias Miller  08:23
the most important things for people to deal with this, this type of thing is to give themselves permission not to enjoy, and not to engage with these types of things, to just set it aside, like give yourself permission that you do not have to be the type of person that fill in the blank, whatever it is. So for example, I've seen people who felt like they've had to be the kind of person that is really great at dealing with personnel issues are really great with motivating people really, really great with casting division really great with doing all these types of things. And I know there's people that will tell you that you need to be the person who's doing that. I actually personally disagree with that. You're the leader. And your leadership style is going to be different than every every other person's leadership style. And there are things that you'll need to take ownership of and do in the way that you do best. But it does not mean that you cannot develop healthy relationships with people that you trust that you get empower other people to help you in these areas that you're weak. Some of those areas may be for example, I mean, again, there's we're gonna start going deep into this rabbit, this little rabbit hole here, but we won't go too deep into that but understanding that this whole point of business is to be able to do multiply multiple individual pieces. And as you offload some of those, those pieces that you're that you're that are draining to you know put them into the last people who are way more gifted way more skills, and who actually love doing those things. So if you run from conflict, there are people who absolutely love conflict, and absolutely love bring resolution to conflict if you hate inspiring people and loving people and and You know, giving them rah rah cheering him on, there are people who absolutely love doing that. So understand that we again, we understand that there are issues around timing and all of these things that, again, timing and sequencing, understanding where this fits in the context of the business, I understand that. But just understand that giving yourself permission is often the first step in this is part of the process. Now, there's also this aspect of where you provide the most value to business, because right now, there's probably something, there may be some things that are keeping you from, you're not providing as much value to business as you want. I remember one, one of my mentors was was talking about the fact that he started his first business was not to lose money. And there's, again, there's people will tell you, like, don't focus on the negative side, it actually worked out very well for him. And in fact, I think this is one of the principal rules of business is those money, the only rule that you make in your business, of course, is the first of all a business you have is don't lose money, your business will be in a way better condition than it would be otherwise. And so there may be certain types of decisions that you're making certain ways in making decisions, certain ways of looking at looking at things, certain certain things that you may even be avoiding, that are decisions that you're avoiding that are costing you money. And, and there may be things that you're involved with that are that you're not actually not as skilled as you maybe think you are. And there's an opportunity costs, because if if you just hire somebody at a certain rate, and allow them to do what you're doing right now, you can get an immediate boost in business value of your time. So but now there's a flip side, that all of us have no much of time in pockets of time, where our contribution to our business has a dramatic, maybe even almost exponential impact on our business, there are small decisions that swing big, big doors. And so understanding where those are, and paste this attention to them is absolutely key in continuing to move into high performance. So understanding where your personal energy drains are, and understanding where your energy gains are. And then also understanding the business a number of side of things, I think one of the traps you most people falling into is that they lean towards one side or the other, they want to you want a business that's fulfilling for themselves, and they don't really care about the money, or they care about the money and they don't really care about personal fulfillment. And as a leader, you probably mean one, one direction or the other. So another issue is, as I've often seen, especially with people who have just a ferocious work ethic is that you have to understand

Matthias Miller  13:04
that there are certain things in your life that are seemingly unproductive, that if you engage with them, result in a dramatic productivity boosting productivity increase, and there is not necessarily always a very clear basis, a plus b equals c direction or correlation with that. So so for certain types of people, having a regular system, regular day, everything to be predictable, works great for many entrepreneurs, not necessarily understanding what what it is that you need. There are sometimes moments where you just need to give yourself permission, really, as always your purpose of this, but it's going to recharge my tank because it's going to recharge my thing, it's going to end up yielding significant benefit for myself down the road. So wrapping wrapping up this part, the most important thing for you to understand is that the law of averages is as most significant benefits to your business, then this will be as early as we hope. So understanding this perspective as we never do. One of the one of the most important things for you as a leader is understanding your personal result. I think one of the myths of productivity is that there is some certain type of pattern, a certain type of habit that is absolutely perfect for everybody and i and i know systems sell and I know that there is this understand the reality of system

Matthias Miller  15:00
In the Windows system help you and empower you to move things forward. However, having said that, unless you can actually adopt the system, and unless the system actually works for you, you're not going to work. And I think, I think part of it is that, or one of the challenges is that, in the life that we live, there's an incredible amount of chain change, there's an incredible amount of really, we're humans. And, and most of us are not willing to make sacrifices to do a certain system 100% of the time, with absolutely no, without regard for, for what the impact is going to be people around us. So for example, you may have a certain type of system that sets you up your day for success. There are times when that's gonna come up, other things are gonna come up. And you're going to have to deal with that address that or not, we're really not going to belabor a point there, I think, I think the important thing is to share this as an example, one of my friends was recently talking about the physical city, he was talking about, a gentleman who wrote a book on productivity and, and sent out a certain model that worked for him and everybody was size model, everybody was trying to adopt this model. And then his next book he came out with, he started interviewing really successful people. And on the heels of that, guess, he thought one person was saying that the key to success is waking up at 5am, every morning, and, and following the strict regimen of do the most difficult things versus starting with before telling me they said, the key to success is do not touch a single piece of work before coming in, and everything will be better.

Matthias Miller  16:55
So my first thought was that there are some people who will tell you that you have to deal with them by them. And I'm going to tell you, this is those foundational pieces you need to take a look at, for example, what are the things that are driving you? What is it you want to accomplish? What are the things that get in your way do you really understand you have the core foundation that you understand that you understand what drives and motivates you, because when you are self propelled in your motivation, then there's you can run, like there's so much more that you can do with such a low amount, amount of stress. And so stay in this realm of self motivation is absolutely critical to you for creating sustainable success. If you're constantly pushing yourself past what is natural, normal, easy for you. Again, easy might not even be the best word. But if you're constantly pushing, pushing yourself past that point, and you're constantly putting yourself into stress to keep moving forward, to get to keep hitting the target, it's going to have a detrimental effect, it's going to have a negative effect on you. And so creating a sustainable momentum is absolutely important, in my opinion, and a whole part of that. A significant part of that is finding your unique rhythm. What is your rhythm? Yes, we understand that you need to, you need to plan you need to execute and you get the prioritize. Does it happen by yourself does happen with other people? What schedule has happened? But what environment is that? What are the things that work the best for you in terms of your success? And there's a lot of there's a lot of open endedness to that, yes, there are some principles that are similar, widely variation to go. As far as how those things actually get actually gay. I think most people like to talk about the principles or what's worked for them. And very few people talk about the variation that can exist in that. And I don't really have much more to add, we get into more specifics around the issue of you'll finally be speaking what are the things that are unique to your rhythm, I really do believe it comes down to you as a person, because we all kind of have our own signature talent, our own way of getting things done our way or way of approaching things. And the boys you've given yourself permission to be that and to and to allow yourself to operate from that then that is the foundation. That's the bedrock of all these things that we're that we're doing. So that's the second piece finding your own unique. I'm not going to go into I'm not going to go deeper into that just because there's a lot of nuance that gets that comes into that just a personal standpoint of who you are, who you work with, what kind of environment you've created around you. But finding your own personal rhythm is absolutely critical. I will actually say this yet, because I think there's a lot of pressure that people have to follow somebody else's pattern for success that they end up hurting them. selves, because they don't understand themselves clearly enough. And they understand. Like they set certain expectations for themselves, they really are quite counterproductive. And so they show these pictures of who they should be. Sometimes because of things they've read, as heroes, what people have told them, people they aspire to be like, etc, etc. And because of that, there's this, they end up with this lack of a better word, double mindedness, where there's part of them that wants to be a certain type of person A, and there's another part of that is trying to get them to be Person B. And there's always this back and forth, there's always and this is where we start seeing people being leaders are getting in their own way. They're experienced self sabotage, they're trying to, they're like, just stocker spinning in circles, they can't seem to move forward. And I can't tell you how many times I think the more successful the most people are, I mean, this barrier, that let's say this, the most of it is a barrier, that the more drastic impact it has on you. And when I say impact, this is going to impact could happen in one of two ways. One, it can be a financial impact, that you, you just aren't able to make money because you're you're trying to make money in a way that's not congruent with, with who you were created to be. But then it goes to have an order fulfillment level. So you may or may be able to, you may be able to execute on things, but your levels of building your personal stuff,

Matthias Miller  21:38
stress, your health begin to suffer, because it's not who you are. So I'm taking success to be that you're both doing well as a person, and the people around you are doing well as people. And then you're also achieving the actual outcomes that you're that you're intended to, to achieve. So in terms of personal rhythm, so that's personal rhythm, we're gonna take a quick break, and I'll be right back. Alright, so we're back from the break. Thank you think thank you so much for that. So we're here ready to go again. So just to recap a little bit, we talked, first of all about the law of averages, and how there's a disproportionate impact that different things have. And so taking a look at that, and understand that as a framework for productivity. Number two, is that number two is around your personal rhythm, understanding and finding your personal rhythms. This is to absolutely geek and understanding how you work best in creating sustainable success. Now, number three, is, is that there's, there's a lot of different things that we could be talking about here, because I feel like these things could go so broad, but one of the things that I find people not talking enough about is about the impact of environment, in terms of productivity and achievement. So so here's, here's what I mean by environment and environment can be something that's really, really kind of, kind of, it'll be fine. But here's how I want to define environment environment is the relationships of the people that you have around you. And, and the supporting structures and supporting people that you have allowed you. So one of these I've come to believe is, as I've looked into, where most of the time, in the in the coaching space, and especially people who are working with with solopreneurs. And one of the challenge that I see with most people coaching solopreneurs, is that they're actually setting themselves up for failure because most solopreneurs do not actually have the sufficient support to achieve whatever it is they want to achieve. Most of them are under support in this context. And this is why the common reason people become entrepreneurs is because they are technicians. They love to do

Matthias Miller  25:00
work, they, whether it's washing windows or building things, or fixing things, or doing all these types of things, the reason that they do it is because, again, because there's all the work and here's one of the challenges that can happen with this is that they smell so much in love with the work and with the with the daily life falling and getting into the weeds are the details that they absolutely miss that they picture of where it is, they really, really want to go or where they need to go. And so sometimes they kind of, they got their nose to the grindstone, and they kind of forget to look up. And this can be just as detrimental. Because, yeah, they may be making progress on some level. But it's all incremental progress, they'll never experienced the kind of the exponential progress that they might expect, if they hadn't had the opportunity to kind of look at the big picture. And see, look at that look around. Those are two very different types of people. And very different different types of weaknesses. The way that you counter that is by placing voices around you to offset that. So this does not mean you have to ask to get the member. Although it can be that sometimes it makes sense for us to do that. Sometimes, it's just a strategic relationship with the person who can provide that level of insight, it can help give you that guidance. But more often than not, you're gonna find yourself struggling less of that type of support that you have, the more that you're going to be struggling with, with getting to where you want to go. Other gaps in your, in your leadership. So for example, I'm going to show an example for myself. There was a period of probably about four years ago, where I understood that there was a significant gap in who I was as a person. And I, to be completely honest, I had no idea how to put my finger on what that gap was, All I knew is that there was a gentleman who, by the name of Frank, who fills in that gap. And I knew from, from his experience with his kids, that he'd done something right with his kids. And he's given us some kind of foundation for success. And I wanted to know what it was. And so when I first saw him, I said, I didn't know, I knew, I knew he was he was a coach and a mentor. But he didn't know much more beyond that, I knew that there was something that he had, that I wanted to get. And the only way I knew to get it was to engage with him. And with time, it became increasingly clear that the gap that I had was a relational gap. And the more time that I spent with him, the more that relational gap started to fill in now, there are other things, the things that I was too, for him to develop a knee, there are other things that I understand that he doesn't is not actually going to, he's not going going to give me or is not actually going to provide. So that he became part of my environment, there was a relationship that I forged with him, that time started to transform me one step at a time. And, and with time I started engaging with the more recognize what he had to offer, more other doors started to open up to engage with other people who were quite gifted in relationship. And I started, I started building relationships with them, and by building relationships with them became increasingly stronger around this whole relational side of business. I think that many of us struggle in productivity, because we don't have the right people around us and that I watch time. And again, we're where people are in a certain environment where they're doing well. And then they decide that they want to go to, they want to go do something else. And it's like they take a leap from where they are to some other place. And I watched them, quite honestly, struggle with trying to trying to replicate or trying to capture what they had experienced previously. And the reason is, is that none of us were designed to live by ourselves. We're designed to live in community. And the decision of the people that you're going to have around you is an absolutely critical incident that's going to have so soon as your talent. One of the important things is understand the people that you need to have around you in your environment. Who are you? What do you need to develop for this season? What do you need to have around you to for sustainable long term, long term momentum and understand these things aren't going to change? by date, getting clear on these pieces is going to be absolutely absolutely pivotal for you to continue moving forward. Now, as conclusion. There are some exercises that we can do to help you nail down areas to focus on things that you should be focused on. We've been putting around some some exercises around planning that helps make planning easier and better. Especially around the

Matthias Miller  30:01
issue of sequencing. But then there's also these other pieces that. So those are things we can get into. And if you want to, if you want more of that kind of stuff reach out to us and, and we'll see what we can do for you. There's also a million in one productivity hacks, there are different things, different people try. I've had different people of varying levels of success with that. It depends on who you are, as a person, one of my biggest productivity hacks is my biggest productivity hacks are very definitely my biggest sort of PBX are very different than the ones that most people engage with, because my personality is not such personality type that most people that most people teach teach from in the context of productivity. And so I have my own set of productivity apps that I use for me that are tremendously powerful. And I use the term term x just because it's because I guess it's a popular term in some circles. And it's kind of overused, to be absolutely honest. But productivity tools, things that things that productivity habits, things or send me up for success, whatever it is, I've got some of those that work for me, but they may not work for you. And, and that's okay, they don't have to work for you, you have the disease or talent is understand the things that are specific to you, and to capture them, and to

Unknown Speaker  31:27
be able to start using them. So I would invite you to this, if there's if you've been working to crack the code on what kind of is your rhythm, what is your environment to be one of the most important areas of focus, and one of the one of the, you know, where the hinges that move big doors, I would invite you to reach out to us have a call, we'll spend an hour with you talking about some of these things. I was like, we think we can really help you. And we'll we'll discuss kind of where we can go from there. If it looks like we should be working more together, we'll tell you if not, we got some we got some avenues that we can direct you, we got some resources that we can put in your hands. And so I think your best new ship is as you not as anybody else. So let's figure out a way to get to the root of who you are going to be and how you forecast. Let's figure out how to give you the support in order to operate in that in that zone most of the time, more of the time, continually more of the time. I guess it's going to be perfect. Let's be honest, we're going to be on this progress in this journey of always moving more and more into that space. So let's do that. Reach out to us. Look forward to talking to you. And we'll be in touch


Transcribed by https://otter.ai