Matthias Miller  00:00
All right, so we're starting some of these times to get some of my wins out of my head, so major win for me is getting clear targets and where I need to be on some of these projects. So that's number one. Number two is I feel like there's a my fair share of working with Mark. And we'll actually be able to get some serious momentum, having caused like 30 minute calls every day or whatever it's gonna take every knock out a ton of stuff in that time period, and I just keep the ball rolling. When I drive conversations like this. It goes on my rhythm and my speed, and it allows other people to clear the pieces as needed. I feel like my planning mechanism is really solid like it's going to be, it's actually going to work really well for me. I feel like there's a big piece of this, for

Matthias Miller  00:54
I don't know there's three pieces of this. But let's, let's go over some other wins. Thanks Goodwin's made some awesome progress and some of that stuff, been able to keep things moving on that for the barns, knocked out a bunch of stuff Seth is making good progress and development that's a huge win. George, great momentum in my conversation with Ricky and, and just being able to keep that piece. Moving forward, breakthrough with that victory coming with that. And even in terms of scheduling with Dwayne. This project with Seth is actually going to be one of those things that could easily help me get over the 10 hours, and get things things rolling with this. So that actually needs to be a new incident that we can track, that's another major win.

Speaker 1  01:56
This is the site though in terms of productivity but I think there's some things that I could actually start implementing that would be tremendously helpful for me number one would be to have a way to get a daily report, of where I'm at my billable hours, our targets, that would be of tremendous value. Second of all, I think. So that is affordable bargains and for. And for investor tools. Second of all, I think it would be tremendously valuable to take a look at projects. And if you have a need for speed, then what is the sense of speed with which you execute these projects. So for example, with the signature talent piece. Can you execute this thing in. You know what's the speed level at which you can execute these things.

Speaker 1  02:52
So for example, my call with Mark was about 100 miles an hour. And part of the downside is that there's a bunch of follow up that's left. But if there'll be a way to outsource some of the follow up. That's the piece that I'm really struggling to get. But there's also this piece of just keep it moving. Send them off. Get people following up on it, and don't waste time on it and take take Marc's time to, to go send that thing off.

Unknown Speaker  03:27
You


Transcribed by https://otter.ai