Speaker 1  00:00
Another pattern that I think consistently with claims is, is that they it's often easy for us to find ourselves on a path that's working in a door slam shut, and so we redirect and and rather than returning back to what had been working before the door slams shut, and finding a different path to do that, we find a different path altogether. I was working with a client who had incredible success working with company, and it was this case where the door slam shut for this individual, and they moved into kind of freelance entrepreneurship, small team. The problem was this person wasn't wired to run freelance and wasn't wired to run small teams. This was an individual who who was wired to lead and was incredibly skilled at leading, building culture, managing people, maintaining accountability. That was the zone of genius, and the path they ended up taking was was trying to build their own startup business up to the point of whatever, trying to make something work. The other issue was that this person actually really enjoyed being the second in command. They they weren't particularly looking to be the the head of the organization, and sometimes so sometimes people do that because they haven't really found what they want to throw themselves into. Sometimes people do that because of self doubt, and sometimes people do that because they are genuinely wired to go take somebody else's vision and go turn it into action and manage all the pieces to continue to grow and scale that. And this individual found themselves in a place of incongruence because they had the skill set of a second in command and could really bring a lot of transport transformation to companies, but then when the door shut, so, so here's what happened, they left their zone of genius, second in command, over over, a large team, team of people, and went freelance and started Working to grow, grow their team piece by piece, and quite simply stepped out of their zone of genius. I think if there's a pattern that I see consistently, it's that is that many, many of us, I'll include myself, many of us, have a hard time looking back over, over life altering events and properly sorting through the pieces of it to know how to respond, and what we end up doing, inadvertently, is reacting to the situation, and we divert to a place that really doesn't work for us at all. Instead of sifting through what happened, what was the good, and finding a path to not just not to go back to the old good, but to take the good from that and use it as a stepping stepping stone into the next place.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai