Speaker 1  00:00
You have gifted him like the way you've gifted Elijah to speak into the powers of darkness and set people free. God is going to use your voice and these hands to unlock people and bless them into their callings, and he's going to use you in business settings in particular, to unlock the kingdom wealth and to break the chains that have bound people where they can never see the Kingdom wealth. So he's called you and jokingly, I'll say to you, Mr. Uncomfortable, into the most uncomfortable settings with the most the groups of people that you don't necessarily hang out with us. God says, right there, right there. In the midst of these CEOs, in the midst of these people, you will unlock their true, true burdens to the power of the Holy Spirit. So Father God, thank you for that prophetic power. And today you're going to start by praying over Benson as a leader. I feel that also that you can just lay and speak people's giftings into being as well. So yeah, thank you. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You. First.

Speaker 2  01:45
So Benson, I feel like you're an organizer of people like you have this way in we you and I have talked just briefly, and I love, I love telling people what I've known about them and what just to you talked about your operational gifting, but God's gifted you this way of use you see over an organization, and you're like, these people over here belong over in this space. And these people, it's almost like, like, the picture I get is of somebody who's in, like, herding sheep or something like that. And they're like, No, you go over here, you go over here, you go over here, and you have this way. It's not, it's not your conventional like, oh, let's go do disc. It's not like it's like you have this way of sorting and aligning and organizing people. And I feel like part of your gift that you're bringing into business is this ability to sort and organize people and and you know, as they do that there's this alignment that comes, comes with them and and tying back into what you're doing in leadership is then imparting that same gift to other people. I want you guys, as you're leading, like, there's this paradigm shift that you're bringing to people. The paradigm shift is, it's all about the numbers, all about the numbers. Where's the income state, where's the profit loss? Like, where are we at on this, and how are the analytics, and how do we analyze people? And you're like, Nope, we're gonna break this because this is fine, but there's a way that you guys can look at the people that are in your organization. And if you get this lens that nobody else is teaching, and I feel like he's giving you some of this stuff, like he's given you this lens of looking at people, if you use this lens at looking at the people around you, you can put like, there's a strength that you can get in your organization that's not possible to tap into any other way. And you'll become like, you'll elevate your leadership. And this is what you're teaching these people around you. You're gonna elevate your leadership in a whole other way, and the people are going to all of the support that the leaders have been looking for previously. Like, Man, if only I could be this like, it's, it's the like, like so many people have been looking for motivation. How do I motivate, and how do I inspire? And how do I get people to lift me up? And how do I get them behind this vision, and how do we hit the targets? And how do we like but if you only look at these people through this lens, instead, they will voluntarily come behind you as a leader, and they will elevate the entire organization for you. And that's the, that's the paradigm shift that I feel like you're, you're going to bring So, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  04:14
together, let's bless Benson into his calling as a leader. So God is going to bring him into the platform. He will stand on the platforms of the world.

Speaker 2  04:28
Yeah, so, so I just release you bets right now to go into these places and to to create paradigm shifts for for people. And I call out this, there's a multiplication. So Jesus is the ultimate leader of leaders, and he's called you to be a leader of leaders. And it's time to reshape how you think of yourself and how to view yourself. You're no longer just the leader like you've graduated. This is your today is your graduation. You've graduated. You're a leader of leaders.

Unknown Speaker  05:00
Thank you for Go ahead, guys,

Speaker 3  05:02
that's the thing that I just your name stuck out to me. And it was interesting how Matthias what he was prophesying over you, like, I see you, like your betting, like your bets on, like your and then he said, multiplication. I'm like, Oh my gosh, like, you see what others don't and it's a it's a sure bet, but you know where to put that bet, like, put the chips here. This is where they need to go. It's going to be a sure win. Put the chips here, it's going to be a sure bet. So I just bless you with that. Like you have that knowledge within you. You're able to see what others can't see, and know where to put your chips at

Speaker 4  05:44
this with you yesterday. I really believe that the first step of all of this starts with your presence. When you walk into a room that people receive your words because the presence that they sense before your word, in the same way it speaks about us being in God's presence, if that's a part of us, that presence of God walks in that room with him. And so that leadership aspect, regardless of the words you use, will be started with the presence that God has already stirred up and having you. And so just wanted to share that with you again. Reminds

Speaker 5  06:15
me of a story I heard about a little girl who was kneeling down beside her bed saying the ABCs and her father walked by. His father, her father walked by and asked, you know, honey, why are you doing this? And she said, I didn't know what to say, but I thought God could put it together. That's the way with every single person in this room, that when we say, if we're walking with God. When we say what God tells us, maybe what they hear isn't what we said, but it's what God means.

Speaker 3  06:48
Another thing, just with your name, like be and son. So I feel like it's like, be the son, like you are his son, and when you show up, you're his son. It's not something you have to do. You think about like a king's son. He shows up. He's the prince. He didn't do anything. That's just who he is. And he has the choice. Do I either operate from that I'm the prince, or I'm just a son, and so you get to show up, and you're the king's son, and you rule and reign from that spot, because you are the son. So be to son.

Speaker 4  07:30
What I got from that bet son is God saying that I'm betting on my son. Okay?

Speaker 1  07:41
Thank you. Lunch time now, we're gonna try to do it in an hour. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai