Unknown Speaker  00:19
No,

Matthias Miller  00:20
you know we'll get this. Welcome back to you since you're back.

Unknown Speaker  00:33
Since back from where

Matthias Miller  00:35
the expo? Oh, probably

Unknown Speaker  00:37
not happy. You don't talk to me anymore.

Matthias Miller  00:42
I know I was like how can I insult Dwayne, I will stop talking to him. Passive aggressive, I don't want to talk with about to you about my, you know, my real issues with you.

Speaker 1  00:56
Well, I got dangerously close to coming to Colorado, like the next two weeks. But you can blame it on my sister who said she was too busy. Oh, come on.

Unknown Speaker  01:06
I know.

Matthias Miller  01:09
Let me let me see if I can talk to her about that. Tell her Tell her that with all the changes that they're asking for in their software that there's no possible way that she could actually still be busy.

Unknown Speaker  01:25
So we're not the only ones.

Matthias Miller  01:28
The only ones? They do. Hey, Mark.

Unknown Speaker  01:32
Tomorrow afternoon.

Matthias Miller  01:35
Good. Yeah. Good. Morning here.

Unknown Speaker  01:54
But that's where do you want to start?

Unknown Speaker  01:57
Start with or

Matthias Miller  02:01
so I was going to reply, and I get derailed to your?

Matthias Miller  02:17
Let's see if I can do this. Okay. So I think there was there's one tweak, I didn't realize that we were going to allow defaulting employees employee direct labor to be split by default. But we can certainly do that.

Speaker 2  02:36
To be fair, yeah, I had we talked like it would all be in one place. But how much more work? Is that a split? Because starting to think through that there are some people that that would continually, you know, do a split of the two different things. I mean, if it's, if it adds a lot of time and complexity, then we don't need to do it. If it's simple to do, then

Matthias Miller  03:05
it's fine. It's good.

Speaker 2  03:07
I'm trying to think if there can be just we allowed to split to two different or two, should we allow two maybe for three different up to three different

Matthias Miller  03:26
I was playing lets you split just however far that your heart desires and if you want to split it 100 different ways that's on you not on me.

Speaker 2  03:40
You and Josh have such a way of if we get into the weeds so far that you just kind of give us tools and say Here it is.

Matthias Miller  03:47
Exactly. Not sure. You're not sure what

Speaker 1  03:55
said not sure that's always a good thing. The problem with just giving yourself tools when you're in the weeds is that you kind of need somebody to take you out of the weeds

Matthias Miller  04:10
Yeah, I mean, I think overall as far as your your payroll proposal, I don't know if you were looking for targets or not. But as far as your payroll proposal, it looks solid to me I don't really have that was the only thing that just kind of Yeah, that caught my eye.

Speaker 2  04:29
I mean, if you feel like you'd have if we could kind of put in timelines I think I'd like to do that just kind of just go through real pretty high level but go through because I want to also then use this. I want to make sure this information is correct and then use this to share to all builders that may be affected by this so everyone knows what's coming and kind of an idea of when so see the. Okay, one thing that's going to raise some questions I'm sure is the bracing for gusto, which we looked at, my pricing is correct. $40 per month, six hours per employee, and then at for multistage wallet for employee.

Matthias Miller  05:30
Correct.

Unknown Speaker  05:32
And the equivalent to that was like QuickBooks was was close to that right?

Matthias Miller  05:41
by an order of magnitude. I don't know if that's close enough. I think they're split up. So there's is which one would we need? Can we pull this up? Maybe we could go together

Unknown Speaker  06:11
so full

Speaker 3  06:22
that online, QuickBooks Online,

Matthias Miller  06:26
that's a fair question.

Speaker 3  06:36
Here's I think, all lines a little bit more expensive, but it's not just Sam.

Matthias Miller  06:50
QuickBooks payroll standard currently will be migrated to QuickBooks Desktop payroll enhanced.

Matthias Miller  07:00
Fee changes. 55 base $6 per month per active deposit. Or online. I mean, for desktop. I mean, it's pretty much so

Speaker 2  07:16
it's actually more. And this plus this weekend, we couldn't fully integrate. Correct?

Speaker 3  07:27
Yeah, I mean, it might not be more because I think I think you could get it, you could run all your companies through one system. If after $5 A month would be split. But the $6 is still gonna apply. You know, so.

Matthias Miller  07:47
Yeah. So yeah.

Unknown Speaker  07:53
You're gonna spend a lot more

Speaker 3  07:54
time, right? Right. If God stuff we can do, we can just connect those things don't magically happen. And we're going to be way ahead. Even if even if there's, you know, a little bit of price.

Speaker 2  08:08
Well, well gosta also have a no gusta would not have a direct deposit charge because that's happening and this is correct. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  08:19
they don't have one anyway. But but but no, we're not doing it through there. So it's not relevant.

Unknown Speaker  08:28
Good. So what's the what? Like, what's a ballpark ETA on on this?

Matthias Miller  08:41
Well, Josh's let's see

Speaker 2  08:47
maybe maybe we should go through all the steps and then circle back and try and enter dates because there might be some crossover here and things that tie together that

Matthias Miller  09:01
Yeah, I mean, I can I can give you bottom line. I'm not sure how much of this I feed over to Josh how much I do myself. There's a little bit of this default GL accounts I could take care of. Maybe pretty simple for Josh. But I think most of this is actually in Josh's court at this point and he's actively working on it

Unknown Speaker  09:36
so should

Speaker 2  09:39
should we ask Josh are you're still holding the bag on this project? Right? I mean, as far as like, okay.

Matthias Miller  09:58
So Alright so we need this

Matthias Miller  10:13
this would be a revised

Speaker 2  10:23
so if you get this to me could you be ready for it before then if I get it to you before that

Matthias Miller  10:29
I can yeah I mean as soon as you got it I'm ready

Unknown Speaker  10:35
the point is what

Unknown Speaker  10:43
I'm gonna change that to the 18th just

Matthias Miller  11:01
and then and so if you get to the team

Matthias Miller  11:13
I be comfortable saying that 26?

Matthias Miller  12:18
Then when I think Drew can start on entering employee information immediately as soon as you guys are playing as you guys are ready to start paying the subscription. But if you want to wait until I don't know when you're wanting to go live with gusto specifically?

Speaker 2  12:38
Well, I mean, we want to have it queued up and ready to go January 1. But I mean, that's probably when we go live. But what? When do we need to? We can tweak it start paying, paying the subscription Now, if that helps with setup. Because you'd said you can use it for testing? Do we still want to use a test where anyway so that it doesn't actually do the any of the violence?

Matthias Miller  13:15
Yeah, we do. And I was not able to add Josh as an admin. And so I just sent him my login into the test system. So I might have to do the same thing for you drew.

Speaker 3  13:35
Well, that that link that you sent. When was Thursday, maybe I wasn't able to go anywhere that so I mean, I got an email from them, saying Welcome to the system and all that kind of thing. But I I couldn't get anywhere. So

Matthias Miller  13:57
yeah, let me send that over to you. Don't usually send username and passwords by email, but I'm pretty sure that in a demo system does not matter.

Unknown Speaker  14:13
Demo

Matthias Miller  14:23
okay, I mean, I think, yeah, it the week, the way I would think about this is I don't know that we have this is based on Sorry, what is it based on? We won't be able to do any testing with the live. Okay. Here. Here's what's going to be required at some point you guys are going to need to map gussto employees to assist employees. But we can't on our end, we can't really do any testing until I think it's go live day and we just need to plan that Josh is available. For any fires that happen whenever we're getting ready to literally pay employees. So we tested with the test system, but I don't know that there's much. So I think I think scheduling for number four is all in your court based on what you're comfortable with. If December looks crazy, let's please bump it back into October, November.

Speaker 2  15:25
Are you saying to do four we'll have to have start paying the subscription and having access to the live system? Yes. So okay, and then we can we can test Savin to make sure everything's working until we go live?

Matthias Miller  15:44
Well, we can. So what we'd want to do is we want to see if we can set up employees in the in the test system and test it in the test system. So that can happen sooner rather than later. But there is no, I mean, at the point, I think at the point that we're saying we're ready to go. With the live gussto account, we're ready to go with a live demo account. I don't know that there's a good way to I mean, I suppose we could queue up a payroll, but not issue the payroll if we wanted to. But I don't I don't know, I kind of think you just go live and the very worst case scenario here, I guess, here's the worst case scenario. The very worst case scenario is if Josh's integration doesn't work, you go in there and manually put everything into gussto. And, and Mark, everyone is getting a payment by cheque and you go manually create all the ACH is, and yes, it's painful, but we've got a fallback plan.

Speaker 3  16:54
So to start with, we just put just a few employees to test and the test system and be able to, to run that and then you'd be pulling that information back over to assist so that we can, you know, runs management way folks there. Yeah.

Speaker 2  17:20
So when when would that? Okay, so we would test just a handful of employees, maybe three or four, when would that mean, do all of these other steps need to happen before we can test

Matthias Miller  17:35
number five does. Number five, and number six do but that can happen this week already, probably. And then we need we need number one to happen, which is in Josh's court, which is sorry, number number one should actually change to Josh.

Matthias Miller  18:05
So one, five and six have to happen before you can do number seven.

Speaker 2  18:09
And also two, or two and three would need to happen, right? Because we're going to pull, we're going to pull like the net pay and stuff and draws from gusto.

Matthias Miller  18:20
And that can happen before afterward, it doesn't really matter. You can I mean, if we want to test net pay, we can stub in fake gross and net numbers and just test it that way. Or you can you can find gross and net pay for an employee from a previous payroll in just test the pay stub based off of that

Unknown Speaker  18:45
that your that would be the pay stub. Guys, so

Matthias Miller  18:52
now we can we've got fields in assist. This live, it is live. I think it's live. Maybe it's not live. I can't keep track of my life right now. Yes, we do. So, I mean, you could you could go find somebody like Aaron and say we paid him 807 31 and his employer portion was to 1947 which means that his total tax was 327 31 based on whatever QuickBooks reports and then you could save this and generate the pay stub. So the pay stub testing can be completely independent of gussto testing.

Unknown Speaker  19:37
Yeah

Matthias Miller  19:41
that makes sense. Okay, so okay, this

Speaker 2  19:43
this just wouldn't okay, it feels all you've you feel it for all these. It's just not displaying on the pay stub yet because we you're waiting on a template for me okay. I I think yeah.

Matthias Miller  20:03
Yeah, I mean, it was a secret game I play which is called make everything wait on Mark. Oh, well go ahead Drew. You're saying?

Speaker 3  20:20
Yeah, no, let's we're waiting on mark to show the, the breakdown of, you know, which taxes is where and all that kind of stuff. So. So

Speaker 2  20:36
do you have any idea on job? CTA? I mean, are we looking at a week to integrate two weeks

Matthias Miller  20:42
making up numbers on behalf of somebody else with only partial information? Best guess I'm gonna say maybe two weeks? I don't know.

Speaker 2  20:54
And then drew you and I can do those. Like, what do you think like entering all that information? Well, okay,

Speaker 3  21:00
well, this I can do next week or this week if I have been, you know, like, which employees should we throw in?

Speaker 2  21:08
But on the information on the in the test system? Are those wiped out every day? Yeah. So you need to but so what what are the steps when we when we want to start paying the subscription we see see if I'm thinking about this correctly. When Drew's ready to enter all this information to get it set up enter all the employee information will have to have the subscription purchases subscription. So that information remains in gussto Correct

Matthias Miller  21:52
sorry, one more

Speaker 3  21:56
if it's in the test thing, it's the test thing that wipes it out every day. Was that right?

Matthias Miller  22:01
Well, yeah, I mean, here's what we should do is we should see if employee information stays in there every day because if it doesn't we might well I guess here's the other thing this would be fine too. In the test system we already have employees set up alright let's let's try something

Matthias Miller  22:33
I'm not sure exactly what they mean by the fact that they wipe it out every every night. They do have employees in here so worse comes to worse. Who wins Yeah, use one of those and just remember who's who let me see if I can find one of my

Matthias Miller  23:05
see if these those those still exist

Matthias Miller  23:13
so basically the thing to test would be Yeah. Bill Frank and see what all he wants work address me by the hour

Matthias Miller  23:45
and then the main thing would be not yet invited on board. Do we need to onboard him completely? Yes, yes.

Matthias Miller  24:07
Hey, let's do that on a farm. Or condo info. We really are going to make us probably be good to run through them. So we know we'll need I mean relevance. Yeah, the main thing would be the main thing I'm interested in knowing then is I'm going to assume the employees don't get wiped out every day. But if they do and you need help bringing them back in or something we can take a look but more likely than that what we should do is just instead of letting them wipe out I mean we just don't get wiped out. You can just map them to that. Otherwise we got to pick one of these and map these one of these out to a system Free.

Speaker 2  25:03
But you're thinking they can't I mean, if they can't stay in, then you could, you could actually, once we've verified that, then you could. As you get time, you could enter all the employee information. And then when we go to a subscription, that can all mean does that? Do we have to move that to the subscription?

Matthias Miller  25:26
You have to go do it all over again.

Unknown Speaker  25:29
You would have to? Yeah.

Speaker 3  25:33
Okay, so we might as well get carried away entering a lot of stuff here, because we could just take one of these employees and map it, that information to one of our employees. So we know that we're bringing information correctly. So

Speaker 2  25:52
are you clear on testing group? Yeah. And then what needs to happen when we're ready to go to a paid subscription? Like is that who sets that up? Is that something drew could set up? Are you going to set it up with us five

Matthias Miller  26:10
to consider skewed against it? I come in Oh, hey, if you guys want I can refer you guys and you guys can get a discount I think so up to you. Yeah. And

Matthias Miller  26:40
this whatever you as well. But yeah, you just you read where's the signup somewhere? Here's there's this create an account and use go through the process.

Speaker 3  27:05
So y'all just send me something when that mapping is ready to be done?

Matthias Miller  27:12
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  27:13
I mean, I'm guessing it'll be a little while but a

Matthias Miller  27:18
couple of weeks.

Unknown Speaker  27:41
So is there anything else we're missing on this? That you can think of that.

Speaker 3  27:53
Only number five would be ready to go like that ability to set the GL GL the GL GL games.

Matthias Miller  28:02
I think probably, I think I've got some time to tonight or tomorrow or this afternoon or tomorrow

Matthias Miller  28:15
so

Matthias Miller  28:22
hopefully, it'd be live for you to work on. I mean, oh, shoot, I have it live for you to work on next week.

Speaker 2  28:30
For the mapping stand on. There really shouldn't be another step between four and five, which is just adding that ability and assist to enter GL accounts per employee, because six is or five is just true. entering that information. Step before that should be I can add that so

Matthias Miller  29:08
good. Good. Anything else? Nope. This one

Speaker 2  29:18
should we do the last one I sent you credit and collections management. I think that's the one where we're one Dwayne involved, for sure. Which is the one we really wanted to talk about today that I wish I'd had

Matthias Miller  29:33
enough information to get us started

Speaker 2  29:44
I'm using these titles on the top from that book that Joel referred or that you referred to. So based on this one, the end goal is having a way to record all payments for products and services to To correct invoice and to maintain an accurate collection process maintain an accurate accounts receivable balance record open balance so I have some examples here on recording payment or I'm seeing first we need to define the business process for Brecon reflecting payments for each financing option now an outright customer purchase whether credit cards cash Ach, Jake, I think we have that covered right like the ones still in question our rent to own and the two different financing options we have so on rent to own which currently picket valorant Rent a shed is the only rental company we have 95 to 90% of the of the time the initial payment is made to the shed company and then the remaining balance is then paid by the rent to own company and I reference an invoice here which Leanne provided for me that showed the payment history or the payment details on on this building

Matthias Miller  31:29
and please uh sorry that's a stin

Unknown Speaker  31:39
no

Matthias Miller  31:40
23043

Unknown Speaker  31:44
Back to your sales orders include complete I got it thank you

Matthias Miller  31:58
so yeah here we had what's the $6 Oh, okay. Well they they only had

Speaker 1  32:13
they had three $3.16 in cash and the rest it on a credit card

Speaker 1  32:23
okay, literally probably we're emptying their pockets of chains with the 16 cents

Unknown Speaker  32:29
currently

Matthias Miller  32:35
Alright, and then the ACH payment comes through later from

Speaker 2  32:40
from the Red Dawn company Dave did you thing with Jake but I don't know that that so how do we properly model that from a software standpoint here's I did not put that good time to put this in but when when we talked yesterday Brian and Leanne and I we if we could also automate the process on a rent to own sale at the time of delivery if we could go in and clear out the clear out the pain just sent out the tax rate and select it as tax exempt and switch the vendor to switch the bill to name automatically to bring it value or to the RTO provider I should have included that Dwayne but we officially

Matthias Miller  34:13
um all right so

Matthias Miller  34:28
yeah one big problem to build was to tax

Unknown Speaker  34:44
let's do this exact correct grain

Unknown Speaker  34:50
Sorry, what was the question?

Speaker 2  34:51
Oh, did I get that? Correct those three automated steps that we talked about on our to do At the point of delivery, we want to switch the bill to name to the RTO provider, clear out the sales tax and switch it to tax exempt.

Speaker 1  35:16
Well, switching enter selecting sales tax exempt and reorganizing invoice but would clear out the sales tax. But yes, that's correct.

Speaker 2  35:23
Currently, you're doing that manually? That's right. Whenever an RTA okay.

Matthias Miller  35:32
It doesn't make any difference whether we put out sales tax or you itemize the invoice?

Speaker 1  35:40
Well, depends what you mean by clear out sales tax I still you still need to know. Well, I mean, technically, we don't need to know what the what the sales, the tax jar information is anymore. But

Matthias Miller  35:52
because they have tax rates gonna be here?

Speaker 1  35:54
Well, okay, so clearing out this the sales tax rate essentially would I don't know, are we storing the the rent tone sales tax information? Like so if we could? Obviously we are if we go to sales tax exempt, and it still shows up there?

Unknown Speaker  36:12
Yep. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  36:16
Yeah, then you can do whatever you want on the on the main detail screen.

Speaker 2  36:21
You're just wanting to make sure that we have it recorded for reporting purposes that like a wholesale

Matthias Miller  36:27
sale, right? Correct.

Speaker 3  36:37
So I'm just catching up here. So you're just collecting sales tax on the portion that the down payment portion that the person pays.

Speaker 1  36:49
Sales tax doesn't get collected at all. In in regards to a building that's being sold, technically, to have bill being billed to the RTO company, because anytime you do an RTO contract, all sales tax is collected on a payment by payment basis. Yeah, it functions like a wholesale

Speaker 2  37:10
right. Okay, so what the customer sees initially on his sales order $10,000 subtotal plus the sales tax. That's not what the RTO company actually pays. They just they pay us the 10,000 straight up, or like in this one they pay. The RTO company is going to pay us 3850. Wow. The remaining balance?

Speaker 1  37:43
Correct. Yeah. Yeah. So, so what what I think, if I'm understanding what you're saying, Mark is when that building is marked, delivered autumn automation runs, sets the bill to name to cricket Valley, select sales tax exempt. And, you know,

Speaker 2  38:07
yeah, that's, that's that's what I understood from the and that, that's being done manually and would as well automate it. So yeah.

Speaker 1  38:18
Now that the only technicality Matthias, is that the bill two should reflect the RTO vendors contact information not straight up hard writing cricket Valley Rhenish just in case we ever had. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  38:32
Well, I mean, here we're using see what we got on here. I mean, most likely, what ends up happening, if you don't want it to be here, it's nuts. We can't do that. I mean, effectively, let's not screw up too much stuff. We would use this this term here. And we probably use I mean, do you want the address in there or just the name or the building that

Speaker 1  39:00
I probably would do a display address for where the RTO vendor

Matthias Miller  39:07
and then phone number or

Speaker 1  39:11
customer phone number phone number second phone number and email needs to stay customer

Matthias Miller  39:18
so the main thing is you'll lose your nice capitalization on your card, your belly rachet, but my Christmas Day, I know we're gonna yell at you. But rest assured,

Speaker 1  39:34
we have such a robust software platform you can't respect my capitalization

Matthias Miller  39:42
we'll just change your display name I mean and then change your template to uppercase it in here

Unknown Speaker  39:54
just fighting Yeah, I don't care.

Speaker 2  40:02
So when, what when we go to record a payment, most of the time, this is going to be switched to cricket Valley rent a shed? already by the time we're recording the customer's initial down payment, that's all fine because the invoice number is still the same. And we'll search by invoice number. And everything should be fine. Right?

Speaker 1  40:28
So Riddle me this, why wouldn't we go a step further and say that from the point of sale, when it is an RTO contract, we automatically assign sales tax exemption and are to vendor to the bill to so that the customers first sales order reflects all of that correctly, and models it all correctly. It comes in that way.

Speaker 2  40:56
I like Well, I think that's what I think that's the way sheds direct us does, there's

Speaker 1  41:04
well, okay, so here's here's the only caveat to that whole conversation is that RTL information meets the the sales tax information for assigning sales tax to the RTL contract. So there would be some split things going on there. And, and I assume, as long as we spec this out, because it's going to probably end up in Josh's territory, if we're going to affect the the vision, the configurator coming in. I still need to I need the sales tax for the RTO contract, but the sales order side of things could go ahead and reflect sales tax exemption.

Matthias Miller  41:41
So then, when we send the sales order to the customer, the customer sees the value in a shed Pio box, blah, blah, blah, with the customers, email and phone. Yeah, I mean, and it would not show any tax. Right? Well, I mean, that's all. It's all up to you.

Speaker 1  42:07
It just means that you're probably just translated lated over to Josh's court versus your court.

Matthias Miller  42:13
No, it was gonna be judges court anyway. Got it. It's a good thing to punch his way. You need something to do.

Speaker 2  42:23
One thing that's going to come up that, Dwayne, I think you're familiar with this, and I want Gabe still has this. And I don't he still thinks it would be cleaner. If right out of the gate, the customer would make that initial payment to the RTO. Company. But there's some Why did we not do it like that? Like, I think I thought there were some?

Speaker 1  42:48
Well, the complexity level goes up exponentially. If we're going to if we're going to conditionally assign credit card company accounts to charge I'm in favor 100% to go ahead and set up that way. I mean, so but the complexity level goes up exponentially.

Matthias Miller  43:12
So What's complicated about bout it because you're going through the checkout page. And basically, you're saying if it's hard to go build a Stripe account, what needs to be reflected in assist? You would have a separate RTO payments or G that shows payments collected on behalf of the RTO vendor?

Speaker 1  43:37
Well, I mean, I mean, it just means building the conditionality of if it's an RTO, if it's an RTO contract, we're charging it directly to the RTO company instead of instead of the builder. And obviously, from from the RTO company side, we have to go set up a Stripe account and so forth, but I mean, I'm in favor of it, it just then I think there was well, there was lots of I think there was conversation about trans trying to transfer tokens and all kinds of good stuff at some point, which if we automatically collected directly to the RTO company, then we'd have that information, but it really does. Yeah, so I mean,

Matthias Miller  44:25
but rambling, I don't care.

Speaker 2  44:27
Dwayne what what credit card provider does briggate values? They don't use stripe.

Unknown Speaker  44:34
We don't we use Clearin I think it is.

Speaker 2  44:37
And so tying into that would be a lot more. Is that a lot more work than stripe or not near as easy to

Speaker 1  44:43
I have no idea. I mean, I'd love to go Ty and Claire Bhartia are our credit card provider.

Matthias Miller  44:53
That's but that's not the same same one by that other guy we were looking at recently it was it now it's an Huh. And is it better rates and stripe?

Speaker 1  45:05
Yeah. Yeah. But we bullied them. Okay, bully is not the right word for it. We were we because we came from, we kind of are at the mercy of RTO Pro as to what credit card providers they, they, they integrate. And so when we when he decided to change up credit card integrated company A couple years back, we used our rates coming from x charged to two leverage rates going in, declare it and their eyeballs about fell out of their head when we when they found out our rates and like, well, they were kind of stuck with this, but man that is we'd never give that up normally, so.

Speaker 2  45:56
But is this something? I mean, it's not urgent, it's something that we want to do at some point. I think it sounds like everyone's kind of in favor of it. And what that would mean, wait, am I correct that it would also mean that you would only be collecting, say a customer is going to set up recurring payments, or you would only be collecting credit card information once instead of twice like we are now once for the initial payment and then later for

Speaker 1  46:22
No, it really helps us not at all. If if you wanted to get really crafty, we should go figure out how to have our to pro in and assist talk together and push the contract and all that information across. But at this point, there's not like clear, it's not going to give us it's not going to transfer that information from the one time transaction, they're going to look at it as a one time transaction from the assist side. And they still have to set up on the on once we have them established in our to Pro to to do any kind of reoccurring transactions. Well, I know that I know that compass and sheds direct like to say they did this, I still have quite dubious that they actually were able to move around tokens, the way they claimed that they were it breaks every every compliance art credit card compliance concept that I've ever heard of do what CEDS direct claims they've been doing.

Speaker 2  47:29
Well, Matthias And Dwayne, unless you see a reason we need to pursue this this year, I would say let's shelve it. For this year, focus on what we really need in accounting, and then work on that. Look at that later.

Speaker 1  47:46
Though, when you say shell, but are you saying the whole ball of wax or just the credit card side?

Unknown Speaker  47:53
Just just the credit card side? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  47:56
You still want to do the the sign of the bill to in the end the end the sales tax exemption?

Speaker 2  48:04
Correct. But I would expect from now until we make that change. We continue to collect the builder continues to collect the initial payment.

Unknown Speaker  48:17
Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 3  48:21
Now here's something that I just was thinking of, I don't know. Maybe it's some misunderstanding on my part, too. But instead of changing the bill to what if there were a field for, like on the sales order, that it could just be entered in what the RTO bill to is going to be? And the amount and maybe it wouldn't be on the page that the customer sees. But that information would all be there and entered already. And then when it is delivered, there would just the RTO portion would get charged to their account and the customers portion would get charged his account. Yeah, I don't know if that would work or not yet simplified. And then that same thing would work for the financing companies.

Speaker 2  49:14
Where if the customer pays a portion on their own and the financing goes to res, yeah. But do we know at time of sale? Do we know what the know of accuracy what that initial customer payment is going to be? or is that kind of like to where we could calculate in this case 336 16.

Speaker 2  49:40
All right, I think through what you're seeing is, can we set up so accounts receivable, in this case accurately reflects this invoice we have we show an open balance of three 336 16 Two Tina Brown and 3600 to bring the valley render shed.

Speaker 3  50:06
Because we've heard of what I'm seeing, if we change the bill to or the bill to name, then this payment of 330 is going to come in. And it will say that, nobody knows that. Because like you would have to receive that payment before you would change the bill to. Or maybe it can be done on the backside to make it work, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  50:41
Well, from a process standpoint, we collect the first payment. I mean, if you don't have a first payment, we're not getting that shut off the off the trailer. Like, so we would just buy matter of business process, we receive payment before that happens. Even on $0 down.

Speaker 2  51:01
But what drew saying like to record payment here, if this is a, okay, the credit card payment would happen automatically, but the cash payment would show up most likely a week later. And by then, you know, when you go to record that cash payment,

Speaker 3  51:20
somehow that that person's amount is going to have to stay in accounts receivable until that payment is why. So I'm probably most times it's gonna be before, but it's not the sort of guarantee.

Matthias Miller  51:39
Here's the biggest confusing thing is you get a wad of cash from a delivery. And you think it should be for Tina? And instead it's for cricket Valley somewhere?

Speaker 2  51:50
Correct? Yeah, you might get a chain the same way. Check.

Speaker 1  52:00
Again, I'm not I'm not tracking because the initial amount goes to the builder. It always has an until we change where that money is routing to it, it always will. So I mean, it's a partial payment, it's essentially the same thing as a down payment on this building to the builder.

Matthias Miller  52:17
Doing the issue is when when your office finds out that somebody made a $330.16 cent cash payment, they need to go find the sales order that it was for. And instead of being able to if I'm understanding the problem correctly, correct me if I'm wrong, looking for. As as

Unknown Speaker  52:35
it that money doesn't come to us

Unknown Speaker  52:44
it still needs to be recorded as a payment.

Matthias Miller  52:49
So now now we have payments that are recorded on a sales order that never hit her bank account.

Unknown Speaker  52:55
No, they won't hit your bank account.

Matthias Miller  52:58
So your office, huh? I'm confused.

Speaker 1  53:02
No, it never hits my office. It that money has received at either the dealer or by the driver and always hits the builders account.

Matthias Miller  53:11
So Whitney than sorry, not your office, Whitney has to go find the sales order that it's for. And there's looking for Tina's name. And it's like, no, no, no, let's cricket Valley. Yeah. That's the potential confusion

Speaker 2  53:26
before it hits the bank account it it needs to, before we put it on it, bank deposit, it needs to go. It needs to be applied to the correct invoice. Right. Like Whitney is going to have here's a deposit record of you know, we today we deposited three and $30.16 of cash. We just match up the deposit with the what the bank says. That would just be part of the reconciliation process. Yeah, but it's the Dwayne's office recording that payment on this building.

Matthias Miller  54:09
Got an easier solution in the holler portal, you've got to place you can't mark delivery as complete until you've well you shouldn't, how restricted we get until you've collected all the down payment and use and you can I'm assuming somewhere there. There's something for the hauler to collect a credit card payment. But then there's also a way for them to record a check or a cash payment and have them have the hall recorded at point of delivery and have it pushed into here.

Speaker 2  54:39
Well, but the problem with that is, is if that we don't want to we're switching the process to not record a not apply payment until it's in possession of either one of the builders or Dwayne's office. Got it?

Matthias Miller  55:07
I'm sure well, we can cut to the chase here and say that apparently somehow it's been ordered. Well, there's a few ways we can do this. We can not have the automation happened right away to make it easier to find, and we can have that automation happen automatically every Monday morning or something like that, or everything that was sold the prior week or we can always wait seven days or we can have the automation but not fix this or we can go figure out how you guys want this to be handled from a business process standpoint and come back and let me know

Speaker 2  55:52
what if we I mean if we always communicate payment information using the invoice number that would that would fix right? Yeah, the invoice number never changed Yeah,

Speaker 3  56:02
if you can if you can tie to the invoice number as long as as long as the person's name shows up. Still, I think that will like the name and the amount that you're supposed to be receiving from the person will give you something to connect to because

Unknown Speaker  56:22
well maybe that we could add all this

Speaker 3  56:24
if it switches and you receive this $330 payment from somebody and it and you have to go all the way back into the invoice to find out that oh yeah it was actually shipped to this person this is must be some initial payment does this company

Speaker 2  56:43
what if we would own this report just add a shipping ship to name is that what you were thinking with us?

Speaker 1  56:52
Yeah, but the ship to name could potentially be different than the original bill to name

Speaker 2  57:01
but but why would we? I mean as long as we use the invoice number will we ever need you'll want your wanting to name through this for a second reference if need be right

Speaker 3  57:17
yes, but I also we need to have that amount show off because if if this invoice is now 3800 and it's billed to somebody else I can't there's nothing in there to show me that this payment goes with this bill number like either that original payment amount has to show up so it's something to match to or the original bill T name like something has to be showing up in that report so that we know that this payment applies to that to that anyways once we get it connected doesn't matter

Unknown Speaker  58:01
you mean connected as in recording the payment

Speaker 3  58:03
yeah like once you get that payment recorded as it goes to this invoice you know then however you do it's not gonna matter it will be there where it's supposed to be oh you're knowing which one it goes to without opening up sales orders to find out who was originally sold to and

Matthias Miller  58:20
we can we can show the prior billing name like the report slower bit might be fine

Speaker 3  58:31
could you make so that it only does that if it was changed or something so that is not trying to hunt for every single building um

Matthias Miller  58:50
yeah, I don't know that's gonna

Speaker 2  58:51
be waiting we took your advice on celebrating with shredding off the big file audit and actually bought like keys and wrappers that's why we're

Speaker 1  59:03
well, I'm slightly offended since all the headaches I've had with the big fat audit they don't get I don't get rid of coffee right seriously offended Mark. I'm just kidding.

Unknown Speaker  59:21
Next time you're in the area, I will treat you two to two frat pays if you want

Speaker 3  59:37
maybe I'm just overcomplicating it and maybe not a lot of work. But yeah, we can do all as planned and then if something is a mess, we can work on it or maybe nothing will be a mess. I don't

Matthias Miller  59:57
or we can just do that and We can always make it faster if it's if it's slow

Speaker 1  1:00:04
Well, I mean, why wouldn't you put both billing name and shipping name and at least you'd have you know you'd have both names on your on your reconciliation report now I mean potentially exist the billing name was separate but we are we're using the shipping name on the RTO contract so that's really the critical name

Matthias Miller  1:00:31
only we'll just do that and that's what's on the contract

Unknown Speaker  1:00:36
right you're saying shipping today

Unknown Speaker  1:00:42
say that again? Mark

Speaker 1  1:00:48
did they freeze they froze alright that's what if you did what have you? Well, okay, how slow would it be if you said if you had logic that said if the billing name is the same as the shipping name then only show the one but if it's separate then give me both.

Matthias Miller  1:01:09
You want their shipping name to be blank? Oh, you mean

Speaker 1  1:01:11
like I'm saying like concatenated something or other that if if they're separate then then give me if they equal each other then give me just the one but if they if they don't equal each other then give me both of them in the same like in a stack

Matthias Miller  1:01:27
without the prior one.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:28
I don't know I mean, it's it would be it'd be a way to

Speaker 1  1:01:36
even save you some time and report I don't know you probably not going to be printing this report very often. So having both bill to and ship to name would be fairly easy inside of there

Speaker 2  1:01:52
I see for like our little outdoor products we're getting to like we're getting our outdoor products and then they're costing me which is kind of I mean, in that in that instance, we only want to lock door products I think but

Speaker 1  1:02:16
you're going to end up writing automation for heart roll out their products and to automatically assign the correct name to which really what this really falls into mark is it really falls into how to how best to handle wholesale type transactions which we've never really modeled very well

Speaker 2  1:02:40
correct. I think that's something we'll have to look at want to look at like in 2004 like to create Yeah, properly great statements and so

Speaker 1  1:02:53
because in in the case of a lot of like in the case of Hartville out there products we're actually delivering some of those buildings at times so therefore we want to track their customer their delivery customer information but we really want to build out to heart go out to our products

Matthias Miller  1:03:09
well so then let's do this where's my little macro here

Matthias Miller  1:03:21
it's an RTO also look at the prior the prior name easy

Speaker 1  1:03:35
Why are you coming up with blanks? Are they literally just blank both bill to and ship do I guess the SDI stuff

Unknown Speaker  1:03:49
Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:03:53
And really, in those cases, we really should be building sheds direct that should be the bill to name that gets stomped in on on the on a sales order.

Speaker 2  1:04:03
It should be what we changed. We talked with Josh this morning like sheds direct Ohio sheds, Indiana

Speaker 1  1:04:12
but that's all that'd be all part of modeling wholesale transactions correctly.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:18
I think this is fine. For now because all of that communication is always with their invoice number so yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:04:31
Well this handles that RTO situation. So try looking for the old one for non RTO buildings. And

Unknown Speaker  1:04:41
good that should give you the best of cake and the icing to write. icing

Unknown Speaker  1:04:56
and ice cream

Unknown Speaker  1:04:58
the property with it too. If

Speaker 1  1:05:03
you're not helping my resolve not to eat something sweet this afternoon, Mark.

Speaker 2  1:05:10
So, Matthias, does that give you everything you need on rent to own? For recording payments?

Matthias Miller  1:05:21
Um, can you guys pursue that automation with Josh? Can I leave that y'all score to pursue with him? It seems like a perfect Josh thing.

Speaker 2  1:05:30
You mean the changing the bill too? And all of that? Yeah. Yeah. Can you send me a screenshot of the notes you typed up? I think those are more useful than my, my memory.

Speaker 1  1:05:47
Mark, would there be value in exploring with Josh properly or more properly handling the finance side, then to the greens, guys, and the landmarks and so forth? Like if we came up with a way to actually have a record for them, actually have the dealer select them? As part of the checkout process? I don't know. It's like, we're getting we're getting really specific on an art to come because we model all that stuff inside of the software. And I'm wondering if we're fast coming to the place where we model the financing side correctly as well.

Speaker 2  1:06:25
So are you seeing work with with Josh on the financing model? Like, here's, in reality, here are the different things that happen? Can you automate that?

Speaker 1  1:06:43
Yeah, well, I mean, essentially, if you if we had a financing option as part of the checkout process, and then if you selected finance, I'm making things up. So, so bear with me, but if you selected finance, and then you had to select your, your financing company that you're working with, it automatically assigned, then Bill to information for that, you know, into the sales order, like we could model some of this stuff a bit more correctly, it's still, you know, completely manual from a payment standpoint. But at least we could get some of that information and probably tie them off the GL accounts and all kinds of fun stuff, too, at that point.

Speaker 2  1:07:25
Like, okay, I don't quite understand how that was. Like, What would change from what we have now say, if, if it's a landmark of landmarks financing? So the salesperson knows at the time of sale, that landmark is going to be financing it? Would it? Would it also change the

Unknown Speaker  1:07:51
bill to

Unknown Speaker  1:07:53
from the customer to landmark, just like it does for RFQ?

Speaker 1  1:07:56
Yeah, it would be it would be standardized in the process. Because right now, most of the time, I think they select other and it's communicated and notes, and it's, it's fairly random, and it's at the communication capability of the dealer, if we standardized some of that, so that you select your correct financing company, theoretically, you could say, you know, we could come up with a way to assign financing companies to dealers, etc, etc. I don't know, I know, it's a it would be a bunch more work, but at least we would be standardized then to actually, you know, it works consistently versus just relying on notes.

Speaker 2  1:08:35
Well, do we know? Like, is it consistent enough that we can standardize it? Like?

Speaker 1  1:08:42
I think so the upside to standardizing this, then we can do better reporting on it, because currently, we have no way to do any kind of reporting on what contracts or what sales orders are actually financing. It's all communicated in the notes. So therefore, I mean, sure, you can go hunting for keywords, but there's no there's no reporting capability on how many buildings are being sold through financing without a big manual process to figure it out. But like

Matthias Miller  1:09:14
keep on sorry, go ahead. Can we can we treat financing as a separate payment type? So a landmark payment type and then if there are fees collected? Okay, got it. Gotta gotta gotta get but it's

Speaker 1  1:09:32
something in that vein is what I was proposing. I mean, the exact details you know, may have threw threw you off, but that's exactly what I'm chasing after is a payment type for for this type of thing.

Speaker 2  1:09:49
I think that's a great idea. I'm just, it seems to me like it's not standardized enough that it's possible to match that like, how would you so I understand like financing, the funds may be paid directly to the seller or to the customer. So it's paid to the customer. And sometimes it's for a partial purchase, sometimes it's purchasing the entire building. Well, those are probably the only only two variables, I think the other things are just like, does the salesperson know at point of sale, how much the customer is going to pay on his own and how much the

Speaker 1  1:10:34
they should, it's part of the, like, when they do the the qualification paperwork through whatever, financing companies portal that they're working with. I mean, they should have all those details already assigned to the, the application process. So, you know, once it's all verified and all done, like what I would love it, if if it was up to me, we'd figure out a way to actually, you know, integrate with some of these companies, I don't know if they do or not. But if we modelled it a little bit more critically, because one of the things that's really frustrating right now is so they'll do a sale and it's really only an application for say green sky or for landmark and there's a manual process on the backside to make sure that they'll all those things, you know, take place

Speaker 2  1:11:39
so you would have to collect, okay, so the process would have to change to where you have to collect that information at point of sale.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:51
Like what when, when is the customer? When does the customer know if he's approved or not?

Speaker 1  1:11:59
Well, for green sky, there's an application process and then it gets approved and that is an activation process. It follows several steps and if I if I was to wish for something we would have we would model those steps that the finance company goes through as part of the payment so that you know we can always see from assist side where where a financing contract that

Unknown Speaker  1:12:30
was still pending origin

Speaker 1  1:12:33
Yeah, yeah. If we got really crafty we building without being built, unless we have you know, an activated to check off on the, you know, sales order for the finance contract, but I mean, that's, that's probably wishful thinking, but I don't want to I don't want to completely derail this. I mean, I would be I would be really really happy if we just started with the payment type of financing, landmark financing, green sky financing, whatever is that's a payment type that gets selected by the dealer at checkout so that we can actually start reporting on it that would be the best first step it would be very painless to actually do that one

Speaker 2  1:13:23
Okay, so if we do that then I like the idea of modeling this I'm just concerned that well it's it's a big enough project that we probably should push out until after first of the year. So if we do that do we then also change if they select financing type like that, like okay in this first example and 23081501 If we take a look at that invoice there the customer paid $2,000 with a che and then the other money came from landmark

Unknown Speaker  1:14:29
yeah

Matthias Miller  1:14:33
what am I missing?

Unknown Speaker  1:14:36
Include complete

Matthias Miller  1:14:40
Oh, I clicked the wrong box.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:42
In this. It helps to click the correct box.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:45
It does help. So

Unknown Speaker  1:14:54
like in this case,

Speaker 2  1:15:05
Well, no, I guess we could use. Okay, so if we have a payment type of like financing, then we could use the same logic on the recording payments that we're using for rent. All right, we could use a

Speaker 1  1:15:30
The only thing I don't know, is the technicality. Like, in the case of a rent to own company, the rent to own company owns that building until it's actually paid for, I don't know about the technicalities of financing. Does the customer technically own that building? And, you know, even though it's financed? So would you want to still change the build to name somebody smarter? I would have to would have to answer that question. But you may not want to necessarily change the bill to name

Speaker 2  1:16:00
because because it is the it's no different thing. If somebody were to get a loan from the bank. I don't think you want to change the bill to him. And I think for this

Speaker 1  1:16:15
just just having payment methods for for

Speaker 2  1:16:20
just just okay, what do I mean, I just like you're saying just show the customer name?

Unknown Speaker  1:16:33
No. You'd have that you received that? Finance?

Speaker 2  1:16:40
Okay. But how would you match that up? How are you thinking that you would match that up to the Greg? Well,

Speaker 3  1:16:50
I mean, when when do you actually get payment from landmark?

Speaker 2  1:16:57
Not not sure. Like on greenscape. Lane? Do you know when that happens? Is it usually several days after it's approved? Or?

Speaker 1  1:17:08
Yeah, that's really a Lian question. I'm not sure exactly how long it takes for the cheque to actually come through. But at some point post, post activation of the of the financing is when they actually issue a check.

Speaker 3  1:17:25
Would there be would there be something on that payment that would indicate, like, who has the contract, as far as the customer bought the building, like that person's name, or, you know, something that shows who it's for?

Speaker 1  1:17:42
We don't actually see those checks come here, they go directly to the builder, because these landmark in green sky, we are actually merchant accounts with them. So payment goes directly to the builder.

Speaker 2  1:17:56
I'm pretty sure that information is somewhere there. So we could just as long as we have that we can just communicate that to whoever's recording the payment.

Speaker 3  1:18:05
And then did you know when that landmark payment comes in, and it says it's for Shane Meyer, or no for this, Amanda, then you just apply a landmark financing payment type and the way you off to the races?

Speaker 2  1:18:21
I think so. Yeah. I mean, I think that that would get us is that adding that hematite? Is that something for Josh to do?

Speaker 3  1:18:33
Well, it's just an extra payment time, I think are? Well this is a different set of payment types than accounts payable. Yeah. So I'm not sure where these are at. So

Speaker 2  1:18:47
Dwayne, can you show us where, where the deal would select the payment type or how that would look for like what you're envisioning

Speaker 1  1:18:55
it it's part of the checkout process when they do like there's when you check out you can select credit card, you can select Ach, cash check other on the on the dealer portal is where or the configurator portal checkout window, there would also be financing I'm envisioning financing dash landmark financing dash green sky, and they would select that. Now, here's the here's the little bit of a pain point is that I'm a little bit afraid what would happen. Hopefully the deal is understand that, you know, when like that, that payment on August the 19th was actually the check I'm assuming directly to the builder for $2,000. And they finance the rest. And it may be that most of the time this is going to be used by our office in here when this secondary Glenmark payment comes in. That you assign it as financing dash Glenmark but I don't know that there would ever be a time for that. had to be done by the dealer himself. But I'd have to go do research on that to see. To verify that,

Speaker 2  1:20:10
well, what if we leave that in your cart? Communicate with Josh, if you want to do anything more on on payment types is that?

Speaker 1  1:20:22
Well, this is this is what I would say is, if if Matthias adds to the list that actually drives the payment methods, adds the financing dash landmark and green sky, they're not going to immediately show up on the on the dealer portal, because those are actually built into the whiskey side to mirror what's what's in the assist side. So we could have extra payment methods in assist, that would not necessarily reflect for the dealer, which I'd be fine with. Oh, okay.

Speaker 3  1:21:02
Now, I was envisioning that this would be on the accounts receivable side of things. In other words, the the dealer that takes that first check would just take the cheque and the rest of the invoice would go off to accounts receivable. And then when that landmark finance payment comes in, then the rest of the invoice would be paid off with that. That's

Speaker 2  1:21:28
it, that's where you would you were saying your office would use that Dwayne. Right.

Speaker 1  1:21:32
Yeah. So like, in the case of Matthias, look at modification hit Well, actually, I can look at modification history on this and see who actually applied the landmark payment? I guess it did. Yeah. So Vanessa, in my office here is the one who put that landmark payment in, she would select a instead of a payment method of other she would select payment, landmark financing dash landmark or landmark debt financing, or however you want to lay it out and still apply the notes as per whatever her notes say there.

Speaker 2  1:22:10
And this would be visible only to Europe would not be visible to dealers, but only to your office.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:21
You want me to add it to Josh's list or you just communicate with him directly?

Speaker 1  1:22:28
me know, I'd say go ahead mark, you know, added to Josh's list list.

Speaker 2  1:22:36
So that takes us to Yeah, got it like this. Okay, this first one that we referenced, there was a, in this case, landmark kept back their dues from the payment amount. And currently, when your office is just discounting until the balance reaches zero, becomes a bit tricky, because we discounted. As you discount the tax becomes less I believe. So. The correct way to model is these transactions in the future is I think, like we have it laid out here. And I think, Matthias that. What did we, we've talked about this, like if there's a short, if an invoice is short paid, you have a write off option. And this would just would be one of them like a well, this same thing is what happens with the stripe payments where they short pay and keep their fees back. So Wayne's office should be trained that you know if it's a landmark, and it's paid less than the total, and you apply the full amount. Wow.

Speaker 3  1:23:57
Yeah, you pull them out. And then you put the difference to bank fees or financing. So

Matthias Miller  1:24:07
good doing, you know, you're thinking the same thing?

Speaker 1  1:24:09
Well, I don't know if we're thinking of things that I was actually thinking of why don't we have a Why don't we have an RG for fees and credits and and they do the whatever they should accordingly?

Speaker 2  1:24:26
Well, okay, well, one thing we need to find out is what information are they getting from landmark? Like if if landmark is only giving us the 5613 21 then?

Speaker 1  1:24:40
Well, I would mark I would go ask Robert to see what actually comes in from landmark. I don't know if they're sending some kind of statement for both for both a kickback and a deduction. I don't know how they're they're handling that it would be helpful to see some kind of statement that comes along with the check. Are you You know exactly how they're, they're handling that and then that would give us some information on how to model accordingly. And I guess the same thing would be for green sky is you probably want to connect with Gabe or Shannon or Calvin to see how they're modeling that stuff.

Speaker 2  1:25:17
Well, I have a bad understood from land that they never keep fees back that green sky is always paying the full amount and just the fees are shown on a month individual monthly statement. So I have I have a green sky statement here from vinyl structures. If we could look at a see if we can do this. If we could look at customer by the name of Carrie Lin Sol. It looks like the transaction was eight 523. Then we could match up.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:52
Spell the last spell the last name

Unknown Speaker  1:25:55
as au L.

Speaker 2  1:26:04
Yeah, so Okay, green sky paid 10 879 60. That's what they're showing Kenny. It's 7960 on their statement, and there was no discount to match, or was there? Like nothing was discounted to try and make that amount. Add up, Greg.

Speaker 1  1:26:30
Well, there's a dealer manufacturer discount on this sales order. I don't know. Let's find out who actually applied it. So this was done at the time of sale. So it's, it was by the dealer.

Speaker 2  1:26:45
Okay, so that looks like greens guy. Okay, let's look at another one. For Leslie. Leslie Parker also in North Carolina. It looks like okay, I'm showing two different greens guy. Yeah, looks like 6930 42 That's the exact amount that wow, of course, but we're not not showing

Unknown Speaker  1:27:19
the dealer manufacturer this.

Speaker 2  1:27:22
But we're not discounting this one to try and make the balance here.

Speaker 1  1:27:26
Now those those discounts were done by the dealer.

Speaker 2  1:27:31
So it from what we're seeing, I think green sky. We could simply use the there was merchant fees, are they just I think wouldn't do those at the end of the.

Speaker 3  1:27:46
Okay, it is different. I saw it was 20 bucks different. Okay. Yeah. So then that just gets charged and paid.

Speaker 1  1:27:57
Mark, do you have a statement from from landmark from from affordable so that we can see how they're doing?

Speaker 2  1:28:05
No, I don't I'll have to get that from from Robert. And then

Speaker 1  1:28:09
that landmark will actually pay a kickback for good contracts. So if you're potentially going to get a credit roll, we're

Speaker 2  1:28:17
covered and yeah, but unless we have that statement, we're kind of

Speaker 2  1:28:28
we need that in order to to finish this functionality on recording payments good so we're at the bottom 80 or 230 Now

Speaker 2  1:28:51
do we want to just regroup and add three on that billing management or other things that we have on this Matthias usually Mondays? Yeah, so

Matthias Miller  1:29:03
do we have a direction we're wanting to go I mean, the fee column here also makes a lot of sense as a way to manage this. If we're able to get the information or I guess yellow mark you're chasing down statements and figuring that out before we decide exactly what direction you go

Unknown Speaker  1:29:42
Can you still hear us our connection yours? Pretty? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:29:48
Let's give this a try. So next steps mark. You're gonna you're gonna chase down some of these financing statements first before we figure out exactly how we handle it, whether it's fees and credits or write offs or the fee column for paying Then etc

Unknown Speaker  1:30:06
yeah that is correct.

Matthias Miller  1:30:11
Um, I mean, I think a I think regrouping at the top of the hour would be productive we, before we dive into the next round of things, at least for myself Okay, good.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:28
I like that.

Matthias Miller  1:30:29
It sounds good. Okay, sounds good. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai