Unknown Speaker  00:45
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:47
Good morning Tori. How are you doing this morning?

Unknown Speaker  00:52
No, well, we were a little sore. But how are you? Doing good.

Matthias Miller  01:00
I did a CrossFit for a while. And the common saying was that the answer for CrossFit is more CrossFit. So the answer to soreness is more pain.

Speaker 1  01:12
CrossFit one time, and my muscles felt ripped for like three weeks. And it's just not my type of workout. So I have always just type for people that do CrossFit. as

Matthias Miller  01:28
well. cultures vary greatly from gym to gym as well. So yeah, as far as intensity, but yeah. Good morning, Marissa. Got one more in the line, sir. I'm better than remembering phone numbers. We also have

Speaker 2  01:59
Michael Michael here on a different number this morning. Good morning. All right. Well,

Speaker 3  02:15
yeah, I think the floor is, floor is yours.

Speaker 4  02:23
I have a couple of questions today. Tori, did you have anything as we're getting started and don't want to steal the deal?

Unknown Speaker  02:32
I don't have anything.

Speaker 4  02:35
Well, I have two questions. And I think they can universal in that, it'll help us establish some best practices. So I have two buildings in my sales queue. One is for Jonathan Reed, it is the lean to structure. And the question is, what do you do when you're communicating with a client? If the client is saying, I need to postpone the delivery date. This is particularly because of Christmas. I think he would like to see the building after Christmas instead of before. And right now when I click on the sales invoice, I can see that the deadline at the builders is actually set to I think it's the 13th of December. So I just wanted to go about that the right way, you know, who to communicate to? Do we just edit something and assist? Michael, do you want us to email you in those situations? When the guest kind of reaches out and says, Can you delay? A little bit for me was when? I guess, yeah, sure.

Speaker 2  03:44
So in the initial ordering process, there is an option that you can choose an assist to choose a date that's further out. And so like that now, after the sale, Matthias, you may believe the speaking to this one. I don't know if you do you, you may or may not have access, probably not to go back in and edit that that date, but it would simply as long as it's not been put in production, which it would not be if it's got the 13 to this point, or should not be simply all you should need to do is make that edit, edit, and if you don't have access to it, management could certainly help you make that edit, on assist. And that's really all that's necessary. It'll change the dating on all of the reports that the builder gets and everything and move everything out.

Speaker 4  04:39
Okay, perfect. Well, good news. I do have the ability to edit the date in the system, so I will do so and save that today or the latter part of December

Unknown Speaker  04:52
and be the worst idea. Go ahead. Oh, just it may not be the worst idea. If you do make cuz edits

Speaker 2  05:01
to just, you know, send me an email on that. If we don't have a conversation. Just give me a heads up what happened? And I'll just confirm there's no hiccups anywhere with the production. Okay, very good.

Matthias Miller  05:14
And mostly just to confirm you're gonna, you're planning to update the deadline on the building record

Speaker 4  05:21
the sales order record right now. I've selected Edit under the building record and then changing the field for the deadline. Is that the right field to be updating?

Unknown Speaker  05:36
Surely, one more time.

Speaker 4  05:39
The field names deadline. It's right underneath where the building size is listed. Yeah. Cool. All right, well, thank you for reviewing that. I know that may pop up from time to time. So I felt like that was kind of a general question but also applied to a specific customer. And then I have another one in kind of another general scenario of how we should address it. I have a customer who ordered a large building, it's a 14 by 36. This is for Derrick Lewis. And he had a site check with Alex and Alex said your building you ordered is too large, it's too long, or the slope that they need to drive the building up with the mule you think that will basically bottom out and scrape the ground on the way up at the length so I have to go back to the customer and have conversation about decreasing the size of the building. And I wanted to confirm you know, how many how should I go about doing it if it's a significant change like that it will affect pricing. I don't know if I should cancel the original order and enter a completely new order this client is paying through RTO so he would have a different price point when the building size is modified so just need a little coaching there. This is definitely a you know, he's already signed a few things and then gone through the logistics review so some support there

Speaker 2  07:23
there's there's an RTO that definitely complicates things just a little bit the technical side Matthias you have an opinion there. What's better?

Matthias Miller  07:37
Did he did he make a down payment on the RTO?

Unknown Speaker  07:40
He did not no, no cash was transferred hands.

Speaker 2  07:46
It make any transaction on it or as funding and that needs to flow. It sounds like maybe it would be pretty clean wash it out and start over because you wouldn't need to change the RTO anyway, you would need to edit the wholesale image and that's just an opinion on that do you have it's not been built so

Speaker 4  08:17
correct. That line was set for the night so it's quickly approaching start time it is

Speaker 2  08:24
and I should maybe just double check and make sure that that Derek Lewis has not been put in production or in any way so that we don't have a hiccup so I'll immediately notify the shop to freeze that one until we have further direction sounds like

Speaker 4  08:45
yeah, that sounds good. I called Alex this morning and just got his tape on the lay of the land so to speak. And now my next step is to contact the customer and just Alex said he reaffirmed with the customer all of his findings but I wanted to call the customer and just kind of confirm like okay, these are next steps we can take

Speaker 2  09:11
is concerned was bottoming out or it was like his concern was that the the mule won't be able to handle like the load pulling it up the hill.

Speaker 4  09:27
I don't know if I could speak to that clearly. I don't know if I understood to ask those questions, but it seemed like one of the problems Alex spotted was that the final placement of the building would be kind of intruding upon some of the clients septic. Septic field or septic portion in the backyard. So the client was assuming it could go on tap but Alex made sure to Correct and say, No, we wouldn't be comfortable doing that. And then bid mentioned that there's a grade to climb in order to position the building. And that's where he mentioned the meal. I don't know if it was towing capacity. It, it sounded like it might be a towing capacity issue. Or it might be a length of the building, dragging as it navigated that slope. So I'm not 100% on that, I would have to call him back and get a better, better understanding there.

Speaker 2  10:35
Did Alex and the customer agree upon a new size that would work for both of them?

Speaker 4  10:40
These Alex said, so you said yes, that he recommended a 14 by 24. I did, however, receive an email from the client saying that that was too small. So I don't know if in the moment the client was just being agreeable. And then thought about it. When Alex left, they thought no, actually, I don't want that small of a building. So my conversation, I might call Alex back and see if he could go with a 14 by 30. Based upon what he saw, just try to meet in the middle and not sacrifice so much square footage. So

Speaker 2  11:24
it sounds like a little bit of conferring maybe with with both parties and trying to find that would be great. And the other thought that sometimes comes up in situations like this is jogging the customer's mind about you know, are there other bots that possibly could be chosen? That alternative spots that may work? For a larger building? You know, investigate that sometimes? Just joking, the customer might say, well, you know, it's not optimal. But yeah, I would rather put it over here and have my full size, then having to downsize it.

Speaker 4  12:05
Suggestion when I take a funnel, make sure to mention that that's a really good suggestion.

Speaker 2  12:10
So it seems like I would probably jog their mind maybe first. And if that doesn't seem to innovate, if they seem to find an additional spot, obviously, Alex should be consulted, confirm, you can get it in, it seems like had that other spot. And then if not trying to find a alternative size that Alex is confident that he can get in and the customers comfortable with and then probably canceling that order and just putting in a brand new one if it has to be different since there's no other than signing amendments. And just now, the last thing that the reason I asked for some input on is it a grade issue? Like capacity putting a grade or is it you know, some other now the septic is a completely separate issue, obviously, leach lines and etc. But in accessibility, but we now have this new, larger, much more powerful mule than we used to have. And we have it at our Hampton VA location. Randall has it down North Carolina. And it has tracks on it. So it's more like a little dozer. But it's still about the same size, so much more lifting and pulling capacity. If that becomes an issue, we could coordinate to have you know, that one president to help with that, if that's the only issue remaining. So just putting it out there.

Speaker 4  13:44
That's pretty tough. that haven't worked. Alex Yeah, on our delivery in Virginia. So I'll make mention of you know, if he has used that other resource before.

Speaker 2  13:57
And probably what we would do is we would probably send Randall to help him on that if that was the case. It's like a very heavy piece of machinery that typically goes on on a big rigs like a semi. And then typically it well, it's better way to handle the weight. So you would probably would probably utilize Randall and Alex both on that delivery, if that was what was needed.

Speaker 4  14:22
Okay, that makes sense. Gotcha. I don't think I have any other questions. I am a little well, I I've never delivered one of these buildings before but the customer sent tons of pictures of their property. And I was very surprised when I heard the feedback from Alex that the building was too large. Obviously, the septic issue being what it was, but there's a lot of green space around the side of the home. So I don't know what that may be. It's just not with there may be

Speaker 2  14:55
value in this. There may be now that you say that there may be value in this may me

Speaker 2  15:05
is this a second opinion, Randall has delivered sheds for a number of years long more than what Alex has. And he also has the knowledge of this larger

Unknown Speaker  15:24
machine you.

Speaker 2  15:26
And it might be worth as a next step seeing if you're able to coordinate with Lindsey to have Randall do a site check on this one as well, just to confirm that with his bigger piece of machinery, he may be able to navigate something or see something that we haven't seen before just confirming before we actually cancel the order, maybe. And change it. What, where's it located at? It's in Virginia, right.

Speaker 4  15:55
That's in a min row, Virginia. Kind of got some bearings here on where that? It's been your chin? Yeah. It's just north. Orange.

Unknown Speaker  16:11
Wow. Okay. Yeah, Randall would have a three hour drive one way. Yeah. But

Speaker 4  16:22
that's not good stuff. That Boston is kind of a direct North route. As far as freeway goes, it's on Route. One. So okay, well, let me contact the customer. Michael, I'll keep you close and informed on this one, just because it has some added complexity as far as an interest, Alex's findings. And implicit it was me, I'm looking at the Google Images and the pictures the client set and like there's a ton of space, but perhaps to your point, just recommending a different space might solve.

Unknown Speaker  16:56
That'd be the easy quick win right there.

Speaker 4  16:58
Yeah, certainly. I will. I'll discuss that with the customer and see if he's open to it. Alrighty, so there you go. Two scenarios, post sale issues. And we have a little bit of feedback on how to manage that. Yeah, there you go.

Speaker 2  17:21
I got a quick little one here that we could talk about if there's or Matthias, do you have something that's on your list that you would like to cover today?

Unknown Speaker  17:37
No, I know you can go ahead.

Speaker 2  17:42
So in the past three to four weeks, I've been doing a market study and continue being continued to do that. For 10 of our competitors in North Carolina, Virginia. And so I have one of my agents that just does that for me updates that we take a cookie cutter building that's like sort of a benchmark a timber 16 painted smart barn, double doors to Windows two Lofts is sort of the benchmark that a lot of the city industry in the south use as their their benchmark building is probably the most popular building that sells the most in size, and style. So I have been having him updating pricing on a weekly basis 110 competitors on that cookie cutter building, and cross referencing some of their strategies with ours pricing with ours, and promotionals just to understand what's happening in the market, and where we're going. So there's been some interesting findings on that. And this is just a point of interest, maybe to spark some thoughts and ideas and conversations of what maybe help us determine our best strategies, as we look at at marketing to customers, so probably things that a lot of the customers we're talking to on a daily basis are researching and seeing themselves when the research is like on the website for other companies. So I have found that a lot of the pricing, standard pricing without promotionals or anything is pretty close and quite but pretty close. However, with promotionals and stuff that everybody's doing. It seems like that number I mentioned of 6.75 brings us right in line with actual what people are offering And the competitors to their, at the end of the day to their, to their customers. So I got this spreadsheet that that that I keep updating. So that was sort of an interesting aspect that I found, and was wanting to see if you could give us some feedback. Marissa and Tory, of talking to customers? Is any of that editor information bleed through to you? And if so, does it align with what I am seeing on my report? Just curious.

Unknown Speaker  20:53
So as far as as being a little more expensive than the competitors, if there's anything on that note?

Speaker 2  21:09
Yeah, I mean, that would be one on the on the on the pricing, like, the pricing that customers are seeing? Do you continue to hear that? Oh, you're a little bit more expensive than us? Which is something that we're trying to overcome, other than giving them a discount? If we can. But is that something that you continue to hear? Yo, you're you know, or Oh, the pricing looks in line as one or does any of the other like emotionals or anything that other companies are doing? Do people openly talk about that? Do you hear hear about those things through customers? Or? Or no, just curious how that conversation if there's any of that getting through?

Speaker 1  21:53
I think on my end is come up. I wouldn't say quite a bit, but a few times. So I had a guy tell me that he was, you know, shopping around and he he found something cheaper through another company or has someone else going back and forth with RTO. And they found it for like $150 cheaper per month with a different company. Those are the only two things I can think of where customer open openly told me about, you know, someone a different company being cheaper. Other than that, I might just get something along the lines of it's too expensive. Or, you know, it's not what I want to pay. Have you seen anything?

Speaker 4  22:54
The feedback I've received based on our prices being more expensive than a competitor has been? Yeah, but it's minimal. As far as the volume folks that have already done the due diligence and purchased multiple companies, there doesn't seem to be very many folks that are either willing to helm that were more expensive, or it's minimal. I opened a handful of clients where they said, Oh, that's higher than we ever shut direct or whatever. And then we kind of cut off the conversation and don't want to go into that customer that is very budget conscious does seem to be a certain type of buyer, and they're not interested in the quality. They're not interested in the service, you're not interested in the delivery type of being included. They're very much just looking at their pennies and nickels and making sure that they get the most bang for their buck Australian square footage. So it's a certain type of buyer. And we do bring it up on all those but we're not the majority of our I would say they're they're in the minority as far as the volume of conversations about praise. I have had a couple of folks bring up a comment that ties back into this morning talking about size of the shed I think some of our competitors are rabid slipping in their promise to deliver a certain location and I have had a couple of customers say well other companies said they could bring that size building and no problem there's a part of the initial conversation was will say we incur you have to put on either side of the building and kind of go through that and then we like all the other thing so they can squeeze it in you no need to run outside. Okay, well we don't do that. So that's that is additional have somewhat competitive feedback. But I've heard from people that there's been a more singular over promising a little bit on what they're paying for number the Academy Awards. And what that provides a little bit of anecdotal feedback, my call enrollment best ever. And now a research that we were working on came into looking at those items, that's, that's amazing. Our other competitors sound digitally, the way we are or our most of our competitors sound off of lots.

Speaker 2  25:42
Two years ago, most of them were, or a large percentage of them were pretty much brick and mortar after COVID hit, it sort of everything went haywire. And there's a lot of changes that came about through that. And so there's a lot of combination these days.

Speaker 1  26:06
And Michael, I have an example right here of a guy that wanted a eight by 12, building, smart siding, just one double door. And he was asking if it included installation, and I was letting them know that we don't charge an extra fee for that. And he said, I've been pricing on, I've been pricing this based on other sheds, including installation, flooring, foundations, etc. If there's a way to knock $700 off of this, please advise we would like to proceed in this case. So it kind of sounds like maybe the competition is $700 cheaper, as far as an eight by 12. Basis basic smart siding built in. So he was trying to get it around that price point. But maybe with the idea of knowing that we built with higher quality materials here radical with this, that's just kind of

Speaker 2  27:03
one. One thing to be aware of a lot of competition that they're doing right now. And our findings are, they're offering at a much lower price point, things like really old inventory may be sitting on the lot for five or six years. And it may be pretty ugly. So they're trying to get rid of them and, and often met pretty, like advertised, like pretty low price points, when truly it's something that's really old and ugly. And sometimes even their repos that come back. And that's what the advertise sort of misleading people that, oh, our sheds even new are this cheap, when really they're not. And then when you really ask for, you know, the picture, and then you get a picture of, you know, maybe one that's got some mold on the north side, or you know, they'd be black, or that's been a strategy that we've found to in our, in our findings advertising point being a little bit misleading sometimes.

Speaker 4  28:08
I had a gentleman so that exactly Michael, who said I can get this exact science building for $1,000 Last off of a lot in my area. And I asked him like, what was the golden beach? And he said, Yes, but so it was it was probably very though, that he was getting a discounted price. Everyone could count on to that, because from a sales perspective is emphasizing that, while they need spending less getting a repo or an order building, they lose all of the customization building building offers the placement of the doors, the color of the building, like everything that they would want to make it personalized or their property or their needs goes out the door when they buy, you know, just kind of building off of a lot, even one of our webs, some of that customization component when they're buying a pre built building. Sure.

Speaker 2  29:07
Good, good feedback. Proceed that Matthias Do you have any observations?

Matthias Miller  29:13
The Fun, fun anecdotal story during the 2020 into 2021, supply chain, skyrocketing prices. Eric, let me back up. Prior to 2020, Eric would consistently sell his sheds its higher quality and he would explain all of the reasons why. So he was literally across the street from another shed company who he had actually worked for previously. And he knew the ins and outs of how the building buildings were built. And he would consistently tell them there were times when he would he would send budget conscious people or customers that he didn't really want to work with across the street to Just go buy from over there. But he would, he would tell people that when people would price shop, he would tell them, Yes, we are more expensive. And here's why. And he would give specific reasons about different things that they did that the competitor didn't do that improve the quality and durability of the building in 2020 20, in 2020, and 21, when prices went wild, his his company was slower than their competitor to apply material surcharges. And their prices were matched for a while, and he actually started facing challenges selling buildings, because he would tell them, they're higher quality. And they'd come back and be like, but you're the same price. And the price differentiation, that the higher price actually lends credibility to the fact that it is higher quality. And we might be able to, even if we'd be able to produce the same even if we could produce a higher quality building at the same price, it may actually be better for us to, to price it higher, to give credibility to the fact that it is a higher quality building. Not necessarily making a any kind of suggestion or making any kind of advice on what we do here. But I found it to be a very interesting story about price matching price shopping and defending the quality clean. Yeah.

Speaker 4  31:35
I have a question. I'm just trying, like on the diocese, you know, one of the buildings installed so far one customer that really stood out, like being worried about the buyer like that they will, you know, it really tough to get that sale, because I didn't care at all about the quality and it was like I think I have one out of the four. And I'm just curious what your so far.

Speaker 1  32:11
Can you Okay, so you cut out a little bit? I'm fine. connection issues. I'm paraphrasing that almost have I'm so sorry.

Speaker 4  32:21
1000 for that story that came out of the buildings we've sold. So far with the online sales, can we had a customer that has been so budget conscious or so unconcerned about the quality of the building that the word and blue would have launched their business? product?

Speaker 1  32:51
I don't think so. Yeah. Yeah, I don't think so.

Speaker 4  32:57
And I will say, similarly, I only have going for my bed right now as far as sales, but none of them were buyers that were drilling down to the last penny on the building, we were actually quite impressed with the quality of the building and willing to pay for it. So you've add that evidence to the conversation, targeting certain market of customer if we're targeting those that want that higher quality building versus the economy version that plays into our strategy or who are marketing to

Speaker 1  33:45
Yeah, that's a really good, yeah. Really good observation. And yet everyone that I sell to as I'm looking through here, they pretty much got everything that they want it like they want it upgrades. Three other people have Lux car flooring, and as long as they can make that monthly payment, you know, they wanted different types of upgrades.

Speaker 4  34:16
That's helping my daughter's kind of learning from a little bit of what we're experiencing. I've done a graphic of customer mentioned Capital One. So two are not sold to at this point. Yeah. Is there a potential to I think we talked about those areas where we had a couple of customers and like I just want to go there. You have an inventory of your mind you don't have any inventory because you don't have a lot of parts behind us with buildings on it. But I'm wondering what do we connect with one of our lives Multiple lots are needed in the editing, where we already know which buildings are available, what their specs are. And if the client I mean, why would we build something from scratch? If it's already sitting on a lock? And you can? I don't know if that makes sense, or if that's something you can explore in the future to offer you some folks color about their buildings as far as color options and things like that, notice that we can offer them a price. Remember, that's a blue cap for now was upset about the punches?

Unknown Speaker  35:47
Like, do you have thoughts on that?

Speaker 2  35:49
So I was a little difficulty hearing everything there. But I think what I understood was, is there a way that we could have some pre built units that are ready to roll. So you could sell like same as an awful lot for a really, really short, quick delivery one and two, being something that's maybe a variety of something nice and some bare bones or something that where you might have some options to sell off lot quick for some different players? Is that what I heard? Sure, I think it's a great idea. If it was a list or a note already, I think what we could do is have a certain selection of buildings that it built in, like gifts, dock docked at a builder lot in North Carolina, and it builds a lot in Virginia. And then we would, we would create visibility for the only team to see these and be able to utilize them for like, Hey, you got this a stock we can sell this day delivered to you quickly. And you could use it to function like a brick and mortar store where you have stuff in stock. Will you envision envisioning

Speaker 4  37:20
it was builds I think, would be ideal. But I would also be very open to offering people buildings that are brand spanking new. I don't know what their repo practices with market value. But we have had customers I've had conversations with traders specifically say on the call. They're like, Hey, you got repos. And what did they do? Like they better work? They just want to get a structure on the property and that you don't mind about the move on the north side? Shockingly. So that's something as well, I don't know if I'd be super excited about selling and rebuilding the team. You're not quite a conversion, because that affects the meaning of the brand, but potential there. Possibly.

Speaker 2  38:12
That's good, good thoughts. I would say a minimum of two notes on that. And put a little thought into that and how all of that could function and the opportunities there and trickle back. And

Matthias Miller  38:32
Mike, is there one question on that? Is there? No, typically you keep lot inventory separate? And I don't know if this is something you even want to entertain? But would there be any possibility of just showing lot inventory of dealers and saying, We think if you go go call, you know, South Boston and ask them, you know, for this building, see if it's see if they've got that that would be, you know, of our locations, that would be your best place to find. Find what you're looking for.

Speaker 2  39:15
You're saying refer them to South Boston or you're saying utilize the South Boston inventory to sell off of like us inventory, which which I'm referring to.

Matthias Miller  39:28
I'm saying refer selling off is opens a whole can of worms that neither you nor I want to get into I think

Speaker 2  39:37
I think that's a great idea. I agree. I wasn't quite sure which direction you were thinking But absolutely. I think that's if they want to go down that route. They want to see one touch and feel it absolutely do that if they want something for immediate for sure. We don't we don't have something in place. Absolutely. I would say we do have locations Take them out

Speaker 4  40:07
there we can learn how to connect them with our lot convert tell them I know Marcus I messaged with them and deliver on fist size. Rebuilding the data is well known for brewing and they'll send back a picture and the customer likes that picture and online customer although you can drill down and talk with Marcus about buying the building. So we can do that a little bit. Without the full spectrum I've seen a lot in numbers. And we tend to be kind of due to discord and when someone laughs or if a customer has like a very strong urgency for a purchase. Where I'm where I'm hoping the climate steer list will go back to the earliest available to Online team for that same urgency closure. So we're not taking inventory from an existing lot. We're not necessarily referring the customer necessarily losing that sale but we're able to offer them you know, we're coming by tomorrow, Facebook, double door influence with Polly ramps, you could have this deliver by the end of the week. There's something as quick and smooth as possible. And I really envision this scene I envision seeing this be very helpful in the spring when people are in that urgency mode of I gotta get this on my property now. Makes sense? Over time, sorry. So we have online so that we could explore as opposed to your customers each and every time having some new. Questions criticisms, comments that have been

Matthias Miller  42:54
received, there's something funny, I think with your headset, it's

Speaker 1  42:58
I thought was my service. I didn't know what it was.

Matthias Miller  43:01
Okay. I don't know if you have noise cancellation or something along those lines, but it's alternating between very clear and sometimes quick. So I didn't catch that last part there.

Unknown Speaker  43:17
I'm gonna unplug my headset. Can you guys hear me better now?

Unknown Speaker  43:20
Yes, a lot better. Much better.

Speaker 4  43:22
There must be something wrong with this. Thank you for telling me to because I was making phone calls off of the headset and I don't want that to be a customer.

Speaker 4  43:33
Okay. No, I was just jokingly giving a wrap up saying thoughts, feelings, questions, concerns. We shared a lot of good ideas today. It it seems like we're really starting to dial in to how these conversations are going and what people are presenting to us. Like Michael, thank you so much for sharing about all the market research. I'll be a little bit more aware of that now with conversations with people just knowing a little bit more about what the competitors are offering is helpful. I guess I could take

Unknown Speaker  44:09
good

Unknown Speaker  44:13
grades ideas today.

Speaker 4  44:16
Dude, we'll have a good one. And you guys enjoy your weekend if there's nothing else.

Speaker 2  44:24
Yeah, you just seem to appreciate buddy. Jump into the call and hope everybody has a great day.

Unknown Speaker  44:29
Indeed. Okay, thanks. Bye.

Unknown Speaker  44:32
Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai