Speaker 1  00:01
I keep thinking about doing some kind of investment with Richard Kosh I'm not exactly sure what it should look like when thought was to give me a bit of a runway for my personal time and giving him some kind of a royalty out of the deal. So that's one, one possibility I also keep thinking of Tobin, with the sales mentor sales map, I'm sorry the sales map people, and I can't remember if that was 7500 for the first phase or if that was actually just 2500 for the first phase 7500 in full. But that's the second piece that I'm looking at, then the third piece I keep thinking of Richard Miller as a possible salesperson, and also for query with unleashed on the billing on the sales team. And during the sales coaching and sales mentoring, and possibly, you know, just kind of like sales management types of stuff. Not exactly sure what his role should be that can that's to be clarified. I'm thinking about Shelby crumby as a possible setter, possibly getting started on LinkedIn, getting some sets that way, getting some leads, some, some, some of those, some of those things, David Nathan, as somebody to connect with to possibly get the to possibly get some referrals and possibly some collaboration with. I feel like there's some really strong possibility of sending website work over his way as well, or just some kind of collab that makes sense. And trying to think if there's anybody else there's also that I don't know how good he is, but the sales guy that reached out to me about the legal, the legal shield guy who reached out to me I think that's, that's a good possibility I think Eric should be involved in the hiring decisions. And I think he, he and I together can put together the training and the systems that are required in order to make this thing actually function and work so the part that I'm most concerned about is, is possibly the automated lead LinkedIn lead generation but I honestly think if we did nothing else but had somebody go through and start to gather those leads and set those leads up get the phone numbers, get the contact people. And then we start figuring out ways to get past the gatekeepers and get to the decision makers in these places I think we're probably off to the races to be honest.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai