Unknown Speaker  00:50
Hey hello

Speaker 1  01:35
really should screenshot that and actually send it to him second there we go

Unknown Speaker  01:47
got it just in time for you up yo

Unknown Speaker  01:58
he's back you're muted you didn't know I'm really back.

Speaker 1  02:08
Yeah, and I sent you a screenshot of your face. Ah one of those frozen in time with a with a straight Halo behind your head that's awesome

Matthias Miller  02:25
I wish that Starbucks the other week on a call and right in front of one of their funny lights and it made me look like one of the saints from

Unknown Speaker  02:36
a Catholic painting

Matthias Miller  02:41
since I found no small amount of joy

Unknown Speaker  02:47
that you look like a Catholic saint.

Unknown Speaker  02:49
Yeah. Yeah, looks can be deceiving.

Unknown Speaker  02:58
But I can think of all kinds of snarky things to say right now

Matthias Miller  03:11
just by way of some updates, I found out that even for using Platt internally, we have to go through a compliance audit

Unknown Speaker  03:25
and.

Matthias Miller  03:58
So, anyway, we're waiting, I'm waiting to hear back our or, you know, enterprise level policies and stuff like that are definitely not in place. So I don't know if they're gonna accept or reject that. So we're gonna have to put some more

Unknown Speaker  04:14
policies in place. Like,

Speaker 1  04:17
is it like a PCI compliance?

Matthias Miller  04:22
I don't know. It's stuff like do you have to factor do you have? Do you have endpoint monitoring and protection and all of your PCs do you have? It's like,

Unknown Speaker  04:35
sounds sounds like a PCI compliance audit.

Matthias Miller  04:38
Are you guys are you guys PCI compliant?

Speaker 1  04:41
Well, we are in the RTO department and we we go through these all the time, but I don't I don't know how that applies on this side. And it's been so long since I did one so I have no idea whether we are or not. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  05:06
Yep.

Unknown Speaker  05:13
All right, so.

Matthias Miller  05:33
Well, here's one other thing. I wanted to run by you guys talking about this news as part of my Do you have anything more to talk about besides AP accounting impact?

Speaker 2  05:54
But if there's anything on payroll module that I, while you were copied to, Seth says, he now has a workable file that he can work with. So Are we all good? There? As far as you know?

Matthias Miller  06:12
Let me just confirm with him but I believe.

Matthias Miller  06:35
See,

Unknown Speaker  06:38
and I think just kind of read, just going through that, a tentative schedule on that would be good. on payroll module, so we're I've dropped the ball on that. And to get an idea when we expect development. When should we start testing, I guess?

Matthias Miller  07:19
Were you planning to go through this in the test system first? Or were you going to do this, do that in the live system?

Speaker 2  07:29
Well, I'm not sure. I mean, knowing what I know. And I think it would make sense to do it in the test system, get it working.

Speaker 2  07:43
Actually, that brings up another point, I mean, to truly test is what we'll want to do is run side by sides with basically, or what assist produces side by side with what we're doing now. Everyone, confident, get that that approved, and then start to move ahead with or start to actually use it. That point, I guess, then start using what's in assist. But in order to do that, so I imagine there's going to be at least a four week period of becoming on a Monday we say, okay, for last week, this is what what we're used to seeing, here's what assist would have produced there, they match exactly, or if there's differences, we know why there's differences. And to do that for four weeks in a row, that will mean updating data into the test system. If we do test, you are testing in the test system. And I know that last time we talked to Josh asked about that. And Dwayne. I can't remember what was he going to talk with buyers about that? Or what was the next Josh had some ideas on how he could date data from the live system to the test system?

Speaker 1  09:18
He was going to come back with some he was going to come back with some kind of proposal on on what should be updated, what should not be updated, what should how often etc, etc. I don't think he ever did come back with that. Then.

Matthias Miller  09:33
He was going to talk to me, he messaged me. Let's see if we can talk and we haven't been able to talk the last two Monday's Gotcha.

Speaker 2  09:43
So if we have that, yeah, I think it would make sense to test and in the test system. If we don't what are the downsides to testing in the live system? Could we? Well

Matthias Miller  09:58
we just have a process To blow away old information. We could just, I can't think of a lot of downsides to having a beat in the, in the live system. It's timecards. It's some of the temporary information stored on the company. And it's the per building payroll history. And we can have a process by which if you're an admin and you enter some kind of confirmation, please, then we just go delete all that. All that data.

Unknown Speaker  10:42
just same as what you just did with the old data from what was it a year or two ago when we started?

Matthias Miller  10:50
Well, that's the thing that I'm going to do. I was checking in with Seth on some things to make sure that we've got what we need. Yes. Yeah, it'd be the sole thing. No, no, that sorry, if I can, if I can jump in with one thing that would be the upside of doing the live system is that it's always up to date, you don't have to push it across or wait for Josh, the downside is that, if there are any fixes, then rolling those out to the live system are gonna be you're gonna have to wait until the weekend to do that. Whereas in the test system, we can code it and update, same day or whatever.

Speaker 2  11:32
Well, and then, okay, the other thing was doing, you were going to try and you're going to test those labor intensive billing rules in the test system as well. So if we go the route of testing payroll module in live system, then you would need to write those rules in the live system rather than the test system.

Speaker 1  11:57
But I had it on my lips. I asked Matthias about today. Whether what were Nick's add on that? Because there's there's stuff in two different spots and want to make sure we're we're well, what's tied in what's not tied in where what's, what's app posting settings? And what's Company record settings? Are? Which Which ones? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:18
I think we're respecting both. And we're just waiting until you.

Unknown Speaker  12:27
Well,

Speaker 2  12:31
part of me feels, I feel like we'll probably be best served if we have a we do the testing and the test system and Josh, come up with a way to push data across.

Speaker 1  12:46
Not Oh, he wasn't sure he could hear us. He had froze up.

Unknown Speaker  12:56
You get them?

Matthias Miller  12:59
That it'd be best to do it, nor

Unknown Speaker  13:05
am I breaking up on my side? I'm just getting

Unknown Speaker  13:07
no, it's

Speaker 2  13:10
okay, well, knowing what little I know, I think it would, it seems like it would be best to do to the test system just because attempting to think well, let's just start assessing directly in the live system. But then you pointed out with

Unknown Speaker  13:29
instant updates versus waiting for Josh does an update think long term we're going to be ahead doing it in the test system. That's just my limited knowledge of of my perspective and what do you think messiahs are doing?

Matthias Miller  14:05
Yeah, I think so. I mean, I don't have it. I think that's probably going to be most useful. I think

Matthias Miller  14:23
I put it on my agenda for my call with him.

Unknown Speaker  14:26
And we'll take it from there.

Matthias Miller  14:31
Now it means that we won't

Speaker 2  14:37
we're saying test payroll module the test environment or the test system. And

Unknown Speaker  14:49
you will

Speaker 2  14:52
work with with Josh on what do you call it? Is it a data upload to test system or what data transfer? What is the most recent? I'm thinking from? Well, okay, several questions till we have that data transfer the test system well, two questions, what is the most recent data that we have in the test system? And the second question by when do you expect to have, we could have some type of data transfer to test this. I think, what I gathered from Josh some something either on a schedule, maybe once a week, once a day, I think once a week or something that manual process where someone would trans right, so I guess two questions, what is the most recent data that we have in the test system? And then what? See your best guess on an ETA on automating that process? Or? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:18
I'm seeing the latest building built date and the test system is November 15, and 22. So we're getting over six months old seven months old right now. eta i mean if I'm talking to Josh it's not a one time I'm talking to Josh that's gonna be on Monday at the earliest and so it could be

Unknown Speaker  16:42
now if Yeah, we would also have the well

Matthias Miller  16:53
could have the option of you get Josh's sign off well no this is gonna be there's gonna be issues with that out there wet everyone's muted something else another project that I need to see after

Speaker 2  17:25
well, if you say that the development that Seth is doing on payroll module now we won't start testing until that the test system way but are you expecting that development to be done before you have some type of data transfer in place

Matthias Miller  17:54
Yeah, the development should be done this week the way it stands

Speaker 2  18:11
are you thinking you could do more of a manual partial update so we could get started with testing

Matthias Miller  18:19
well that's what I was kicking around I was not sure about all the implications of that

Unknown Speaker  18:25
I think the test payroll all that we would need would be building information like here's what was built buildings that were built to build dates and buildings in the manufacture prices

Matthias Miller  18:42
Yeah, probably the easiest thing would be to take the

Matthias Miller  18:51
take the live system and move it over to the test system

Matthias Miller  19:02
I don't know I think we talked to Josh I mean I do you kind of think Josh is out this week kind of thing. This is still ended up being either way into being a jack question I think we have I guess I can check this. Let me see if we've got any triggers that we need to.

Matthias Miller  19:44
Walls want to?

Unknown Speaker  19:58
War

Matthias Miller  20:01
Yes mostly should be sent off

Matthias Miller  20:09
we'll see if there's a

Matthias Miller  20:31
let me check one thing here, let me Let's?

Matthias Miller  22:09
Alright, well, let me, let me follow up on that after the call, I think, yeah, there's a possibility I can I can message, Josh get some sign off from him this week to do a manual, a manual transfer, probably what we do at that point then is just archive the

Matthias Miller  22:38
we can just, you know, are kind of the current test system. So we can roll back to that if we need anything from that. Any objects per step first, I'll do that after the call here.

Speaker 2  22:51
Okay, so I have so with that I have five and five timelines on payroll module. So your module development updates done this week, like 16. And then makes updates on labor intensive building expressions, which

Speaker 2  23:17
are my testing on all builders pay calculations if just verifying that they fit, what we've built for a while and questions on that, and then testing payroll module in assist, watch, should we should we? Is it realistic to start testing, say the 19? And then have a goal to start doing? Okay, the last few points are there, start testing payroll module in assist. And the last point start doing payroll module in assist in the live system. I think we should plan for a minimum of three weeks to test. So realistic to think that we could start testing the 19th and then if all goes as planned, we would go live with that start actually using it in in assists by the 10th of July

Matthias Miller  24:37
Yeah, I mean, I think I think that's a great timeline. I think it's a great thing to shoot for. Just one heads up. I'm going to be out for about a week sometime. Sometime probably in the middle of July. And so I might be I might be off blind. I don't know that there's anything that really keeps you guys from rolling forward with that. The main thing, the main thing would be if I'm out and somebody needs to be in communication with Josh about getting this getting the license, keep rolling with keep rolling with testing or with taking it live.

Speaker 2  25:18
But But once we have after two or three weeks, I mean, even after two weeks, everything seems to be working fine. There's nothing that keeps dosh from doing an update from updating those changes to the live system. Even if on enter data for another week, right? Yeah. Good, oh, I'll send an email with my notes here. So we all have the same thing. But Dwayne, I think that okay, we start the 19th. That would give you two weeks in office before you leave. So does that is that

Speaker 1  26:00
Leann corrected me on this whole thing? Apparently, I've been erroneously saying that. We're coming back to 10. I don't know why I was whatever, we come back, the seven teeth were gone. 10 days, 10 business days. And so but I mean, still, then I think to still be fine.

Speaker 2  26:23
Well, okay, I'm saying we start testing this this coming Monday, June 19th. That would give us two weeks to test payroll module in the assist test system while you're while you're still in office. Oh, God, I see what you're saying. If we, maybe maybe that if we attempt to go live with it by July attend, I would think after two weeks of doing the initial implementation and set up and training someone in your office to do the data entry. I think by the end of June, we'll have a good idea of if we're ready to go live with that around the tent or not. Yeah. My hope is that, that after the initial implementation, it's basically just data entry. We're getting the correct information to your office. And much down to data entry.

Speaker 2  27:38
Okay, good. So two quick questions on those those. So testing all below pay calculations, and I apologize, they should have been done a long time ago. But if I have questions like, the type of questions like okay, here, we have a salaried employee here, we have no this situation, should I direct those to SAS? Or you Matthias, I expect there's going to be a handful of those questions.

Matthias Miller  28:06
Well, the best thing would be to, if you can, the best thing to do would be to put together a spreadsheet that specifically shows what you would expect to have happen. And then have have it either in the test system or have somebody blood export or something where staff can see what is happening. I think those I think it makes sense to direct those to Seth.

Unknown Speaker  28:41
He, he's gonna one.

Speaker 2  28:46
I'm just saying in the next few days, while Seth is still in development on this did they just sent those

Matthias Miller  28:58
if you've got any changes, or anything needs to be adjusted, you should send that.

Speaker 2  29:03
Well, it's hopefully not changes, but just verifying that, hey, can we do this? I think we can but I need you to verify does does what we've built do this, but does it do this? Or would you rather we just wait to uncover or rather we just do development and then we 19th on we start testing go into those and if anything like that turns out then we'll deal with it then.

Matthias Miller  29:36
If you can put a spreadsheet together with those scenarios. You can send it to him and have him take a look at it.

Speaker 2  29:47
Okay. Yeah, I will do. And again, my apologies for there's no reason whatsoever that this should not have been done. Long time ago with

Unknown Speaker  30:04
Well there's the the

Matthias Miller  30:11
the lessons that stick are the painful ones and so if there was ever a reminder of the benefit of implementing a feature as soon after development as possible I think it is

Speaker 2  30:35
yeah, I think we would all agree Good. I'll send those to Seth if I have something and the other thing was when you had questions on Nico making the updates for labor intensive building expressions think be good to have an idea on where on timeframe on that what's needed and when can we expect to have that or can we expect to have that done?

Speaker 1  31:05
I think you already answered that question. Matthias you said you were waiting you were waiting on us Weren't you

Matthias Miller  31:11
in the live system we just want to know when we can pull the old settings off of

Speaker 1  31:17
the settings I mean, I removed all of the the existing ones that Josh wrote I moved those over

Unknown Speaker  31:24
so we can delete those fields if the if the

Speaker 1  31:28
if the company record side is tied in absolutely deleted

Matthias Miller  31:33
well it's supposed to be that we got trouble is there any way to labor intensive building calculated labor costs definitely the labor intensive buildings is there any way that we can

Unknown Speaker  31:59
verify that

Matthias Miller  32:04
labor intensive amount calculate the labor intensive

Unknown Speaker  32:12
companies yield

Matthias Miller  32:19
no, no, we're not calculating it off of the other one we're talking directly on the company records.

Unknown Speaker  32:26
So I'm running

Unknown Speaker  32:30
let me share my screen

Speaker 1  32:33
share your screen so we can see Mark can you see that

Speaker 2  32:41
that's the wrong way I was thinking I see my Windows screen

Unknown Speaker  32:50
use your imagination

Matthias Miller  32:54
so here's a cottage for shed time that shows a stored calculated intensive amount it was built by well she had time to go to shed time there's no labor intensive building expression of this is a test system. Oh Good gracious. Yeah, you would need to tomorrow live standard and let's just do actually it's just quick whip up a new report on buildings building stored and building labor intensive amounts is building a branch out then we'll do steppin. New building intensive amount. Let's just do let's just do some of these.

Matthias Miller  34:09
Zero. All right. So let's reverse sorted by building build date.

Unknown Speaker  34:19
All right, well, here's one

Matthias Miller  34:23
built by Andy's used to have labor intensive builders. Andes does not have any

Speaker 1  34:36
own shed times the only one who had anything from a labor intensive standpoint.

Matthias Miller  34:42
Well, how did Andy's get labor intensive?

Speaker 1  34:48
That's a good question. Oh, I wonder if that was when I was running. We were running some test stuff. Maybe I don't know.

Matthias Miller  34:56
516 I changed it Yay

Speaker 1  35:05
oh you know what that I think that's when we ran a couple of test ones and it's probably stamped it in them but currently the only one that has anything would be shut down.

Matthias Miller  35:19
Okay, so let's go here is shed time. So what we want on these guys I'm gonna make this an editable report and I'm gonna make this column editable and so for these buildings that should be zeroed out for me that should be zeroed out right

Unknown Speaker  35:39
yes for it yeah.

Matthias Miller  35:42
Okay, so then shed time here we've got one that has one stored builder's shed time and this 111 23 So why is it not building calculator index bounce the earliest RG building got the building built the

Unknown Speaker  36:23
328

Matthias Miller  36:25
So this one was built on 328 rule was effective on you that you

Matthias Miller  36:42
did this wrong

Unknown Speaker  36:48
should be

Unknown Speaker  37:00
Oh Nick

Matthias Miller  37:03
is it going to throw anything sideways if labor intensive is wrong?

Speaker 1  37:07
Right now it doesn't it doesn't throw anything sideways because labor intensive was strictly built for the payroll module. So no, it's this as long as we were waiting recalc at some point

Matthias Miller  37:18
it will recover let me just make sure test as soon as maybe he picks it in the

Unknown Speaker  37:28
building cow

Matthias Miller  37:38
Okay, well so we'll have to recap that spike. That'd be good. But we are not

Speaker 2  37:47
Is that something that on that is that something that we expect to be done by the 19th

Matthias Miller  37:55
Yes, yes okay

Unknown Speaker  38:04
good

Unknown Speaker  38:23
what else

Matthias Miller  38:28
is that does that mean we're good on that give us what we need on payroll think so

Unknown Speaker  38:38
yeah

Matthias Miller  38:56
all right, what else should we

Unknown Speaker  39:05
do we want to talk about AP integration into accounting or?

Unknown Speaker  39:29
Probably

Speaker 2  39:33
if you say ah let's wait till Monday to cover that in wrap up early today I would with that as well

Speaker 2  39:50
whichever, I mean, we can do it now or we can you have a preference

Unknown Speaker  39:55
on day Monday.

Matthias Miller  40:00
Yeah, because we all know that. Yeah, and that's what you want to do. I don't mind doing that. We can call it a wrap. My big one is the big concern wasn't. Was that on the priority list?

Unknown Speaker  40:22
Well, I don't know that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:28
it's a, it's a fairly major piece that we're gonna need to actually be able to test and to end i fr stuff. And so as long as I mean, I think as long as, as you're comfortable with any impact on priorities, it doesn't really doesn't doesn't really affect me. So let's bottom line,

Speaker 2  40:57
well, okay, maybe we could just take a few minutes and talk about the all of the automation will do is cut down on the amount of manual data, you know, hopefully cut down on manual mistakes and speed up the process. Right. That's the only thing that integrating that

Unknown Speaker  41:25
it's rare.

Matthias Miller  41:29
I mean, AP is a lot of manual entry. But that's fair. That's the only thing that's impacted. Well,

Speaker 2  41:37
we still me, we still want to do it. I'm just okay. Yeah. Spend a few minutes and talk about finished goods inventory, that whole process that how, what are okay, if we, here's, here's a tentative goal that I have for the third quarter, I want to see what needs to be done. What's what is already done in order to that and see how feasible it is. So it's finished goods inventory. At a point where we can take the third quarter work with or have Drew, take the third quarter and enter. I think we probably do this in a while. Yeah, we would, I think I'd do this in the test system where he would enter expenses in the test system and we would also have standard costing being done on all buildings being built and then get to the end of the month or or the quarter and reconcile probably do for testing purposes do after a month worth of expenses and standard costing reconcile the differences on two buildings what part of development are not done that would that we would need for that.

Unknown Speaker  43:35
The only

Matthias Miller  43:37
there here's one wild card that we ran into that had to do with sales order deposits, that could affect the building side. I can't remember if we

Speaker 2  43:55
showed all the this would have nothing to do with revenue or income.

Matthias Miller  44:04
Just just to do with the building's themselves.

Speaker 2  44:08
Yeah, I mean, I think this is over simplified, but we would have to be we have to know when a building the date, the built date, the final delivery date, which is what we use as the sale date to move it from finished goods inventory to cogs. And you have to have our standard costing obviously, and a method of using it for doing our actual costing that was incurred during that period

Matthias Miller  44:41
Well, if I'm, if I've got my stuff, right, we have everything in place that we need for that. I think he can start testing that

Unknown Speaker  44:53
today okay.

Speaker 2  44:59
So standard costing is standard costing. You have it standard costing populating buildings as they're being built now are we still? Like if we would look at a building that was built yesterday into the building details, do you have a breakdown that that shows what standard costing is? Or are we still Dwayne and I still need to get the percentages entered that does start happening

Unknown Speaker  45:39
don't know I mean have you entered those percentages? I think so. Let's go look at buildings and

Unknown Speaker  46:00
I think I had sent you some

Speaker 1  46:02
Yeah, you had sent them to a mark and I'm pretty sure I answered them

Unknown Speaker  46:11
let's see

Matthias Miller  46:14
looking at built on here's one

Unknown Speaker  46:18
Yeah, I mean when built by way to run

Matthias Miller  46:25
it's got the

Speaker 2  46:26
you have a breakdown that you could shoot to me we could just I think this would just spending a few minutes in this area is like worth a lot give us direction on this area

Matthias Miller  46:46
would it be helpful to have a breakdown of

Matthias Miller  46:54
I can just if I could just put together a report here of everything

Speaker 2  46:59
even just one one building specifically is is just one specific building would be fine as well.

Matthias Miller  47:07
Let me just grab a screenshot here

Unknown Speaker  47:23
oops okay, it's coming your way.

Speaker 2  47:54
Then there's no actual costing, of course until we reconcile for a period right.

Matthias Miller  48:03
On this case, the one I sent you was actually a fixed price. Like a fixed labor cost. So that one's actually has the extra cost in it.

Speaker 2  48:17
Okay, because because that's a sub Yeah, a sub contract builder where

Speaker 2  48:27
Yeah, I think if we get this acid working in all I think we are going to be very happy with this inventory system. I don't think there's if it works like we're hoping it will it I don't think there's a lot of

Unknown Speaker  48:55
software out there that's got it. So we've got a sales order price manufacture price.

Speaker 2  49:05
And we've got those percentages. And those are, if I were to punch the numbers, those are calculated off of the manufacturer price 7575 89 and 37 and a quarter 90 And then the sum total of the standard cause while standard costs are actual if there's actual actuals there would be our finished goods cost of 4344 72. Should be right

Unknown Speaker  49:56
yeah perfect. Ah

Speaker 2  50:03
dating stuff ready to do excited to try a reconciliation?

Unknown Speaker  50:18
If DREW Okay,

Matthias Miller  50:20
so you're gonna be just focusing on standard cross reconciliation not on accounting tion is that right?

Speaker 2  50:30
Initial Yeah. I mean, I think that's just somehow I want to we want to test a block of buildings. Maybe we just start with a week's worth and do a reconciliation just make sure that understand how it's working and that we test and make sure that it verify that it does what we expect it to do or want it to do.

Unknown Speaker  51:00
Yeah. Okay.

Matthias Miller  51:06
Good and whatever you point you want to get into the kind of verification if the configuration processes and clear vendor I can call in walking walking guys through that

Speaker 2  51:22
reconcile but when we do an actual cost reconciliation to this Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  51:33
Good. i

Speaker 2  51:40
So, then we'll, we'll plan to talk about AP integration Monday. Right. Or is there something Yeah.

Matthias Miller  51:55
Yeah. Not gonna be off on Wednesday. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  51:58
Yeah. Good. Well, that. Yeah. Good hear.

Matthias Miller  52:07
Okay, sounds good. Send

Speaker 2  52:08
out my notes that on on testing payroll module with the dates and we all have that, that same list, and then we'll back it and see where that goes. Cool.

Speaker 3  52:27
Okay, very good. Okay. Awesome. Thanks, Mark. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  52:38
You want the days?

Matthias Miller  52:39
Yeah, it was today's.

Speaker 1  52:41
I'm leaving. Well, okay. Technically, technically, July, we're going to be off the probably off the Friday the 30th of this month. And then But then we come back in. We're back in the office on the 17th. Monday, the 17th. So 17 through 18. I'm not sure which I'm not sure if we're flying back in on the 17/3. We're backing off at 17 I can't remember.

Unknown Speaker  53:08
I put bottom line I'm gonna call it. Yeah. Okay. Awesome. Appreciate it. Alright, I'll talk to you later.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai