Matthias Miller  01:38
Hey, Marcus,

Unknown Speaker  01:38
oh, my goodness, it's Great to meet you.

Matthias Miller  01:42
Yeah, likewise is, am I saying your name, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  01:44
with an O, but I'm Mexico, so it helps people understand my my roots, but my family calls me Mark.

Matthias Miller  01:57
Awesome. Well, that works,

Speaker 1  02:00
yeah. Where are you? Where are you calling from? Well,

Matthias Miller  02:04
I'll tell you the full scoop. I was working in a coffee shop. Coffee Shop was getting ready to close. I was wrapping up a kind of sales letter, and knew I didn't have time when we get back to my office, we could do unconventional here. So I'm calling from a park on the way back home.

Speaker 1  02:22
That's beautiful. I think, hey, more people should be outdoors. Have? We could have had a walk and talk. And what's what state are you in? What? What's Colorado? Okay. Oh, beautiful. Okay, so you must have a quite a fit lifestyle. Everyone, everyone in there is fit and active and into into baking bread, at least during covid. That was, from what I hear, that was the obsession in Colorado.

Matthias Miller  02:58
That's awesome. Well, I got friends of mine, who, if you want to talk health, she makes homemade sourdough donuts, and they are the most dangerous combination that you can possibly imagine. So you go,

Speaker 1  03:14
I guess, not so healthy. Well, hey, I I fell onto your I mean, I guess you've been on my radar. And I I've seen you at times, at some Perry events, there's just so many people to meet. And I keep, I keep seeing you pop up in, in the Renaissance forum, and I'm like, he's like, he's got a business to run. How is he? How? Like, Perry should be paying him for giving all this, like, free advice.

Matthias Miller  03:51
I'll tell Perry you said that.

Speaker 1  03:56
And honestly, I think when I reached out, I honestly don't know why I reached out. I think you had breakthrough, like you saw bottlenecks. It's like, similar to Josh, and I felt like I'm having my own bottleneck. And I just, I have to say, 10 minutes before the call, I read your email about memos, and I just had, like, this whole wave of emotion hit me because I had Vivian. I met Vivian at I think it made it maybe it was Rosetta, um, and she, she, I don't know. I feel like I'm I could, I could be right there with her again, like where I am today. It's like, I don't think anything's changed. I think it's gotten even worse. But she said. We are never who we are today for our tomorrow. And that was that was so beautiful. Anyway. So I feel like I'm I feel like this is just a gift from God to even to have to have this this time with you. And I don't know, I think also is really amazing to see how you're wanting to bring memos into your business. That to me, I'm always interested in, how do you how do you convert combine the spirit in the practical, right? And I don't when I read, when I read your email, I was like, I feel like you're working at the most fundamental level, you know, empathy, it's all about the person, right? Memos is about the spirit and like, bottlenecks is about, is about what you know, Josh calls one of the crucibles, like this. This is, like, it just was, it was just amazing to me how you're working at that fundamental level. And I want to be there one day. Oh yeah, I just want to, I was like, so I'm always, I'm I feel like there's so few people that, and I guess to use Perry's language is simplify, or maybe use symbiosis, whatever the term is to like to reinvent around their unique giftings, even even when your giftings are like worlds apart. It's just, I'm always paying attention to people like that. So like, congratulations to you for actually taking that step and putting it out there more publicly. I know you know you might be starting just with one testimonial, but like, that's one life changed forever. Yeah, so I don't, I don't know where to go from here, but I just, I, I feel like just, just remembering me, bringing me, bringing me back to my conversation with vivid and was, was a huge gift. So thank you.

Matthias Miller  07:33
Yeah, you're welcome. Well, thank you. Thank you for that. It's I'm always curious. I'm always curious and intrigued by how other people perceive me, because I've always felt like this multifaceted you know, I don't know you. If you've been drawn to me and work and what I've been putting out, the chances are we serious in commonalities and and so if you, if you've been in the same, same same space, you've probably experienced some of the same so,

Matthias Miller  08:18
you know, I was reading through your comment your form, and I don't know there's a lot in what you shared. I

Matthias Miller  08:50
probably one of the things that stands out to me the most, let me, let me. Let me do this. Let me, let me perhaps, start with a story that ties into where you're at. I somehow after, you know, growing up in rural Kansas, where there's, you know, no real industry besides agriculture and building storage barns, I stumbled into a job writing software for Fortune, probably, I think, used by the top 45 out of 50 fortune. 45 of the top Fortune, 50 banks, the insurance companies. And went down this rabbit, rabbit trail of software. And, you know, kind of a long, winding journey from one thing to the next. And kept following the trail of software. But starting in 2013 wanted to break free, somehow, actually starting before that, probably 2009 when the storm. Really came to break free, and went through a winding journey of one thing the next, and this fit and this didn't. And finally, in

Unknown Speaker  10:13
20, I think it was 2020.

Matthias Miller  10:17
22 I think, landed. A gig with one of the clients and expanded a software engagement into a sales and marketing engagement. And the thing that brought me in was there was a guy internally who I it's a hard thing to it's, it's hard to know exactly what he saw. I think just smart guy is probably the best thing that I can best answer. And he's like, and he went to bat, bat for me. And he's like, You got to bring this guy in and help him run your sales and marketing for what you guys are wanting to what you guys are winning. So I did and and one of the major things right around that time, I started working with Stephanie Richter on focus early on was especially on kind of neuroscience mindset, brain, prime identity, like reinforcing who, who is it that God says I am? And, you know, just working to rewire that, that frame of mind and so that really gave me, gave me the mindset support to take that first take on, take that risk, take on their marketing. I got them to pay. I mean, I've, you know, in full candor, generosity has always been on that list. Why am I in the forum? It's because I straight up love doing it. I

Speaker 1  11:59
just, well, that's think of is, like, that's your MO,

Matthias Miller  12:07
yeah, it's, it's true. I look for things that are easy answers to me, and I cherry picking up, like I can answer that one that looks fun. And then if it's late at night, I apologize for any mistakes anyway. And and I, you know, throughout my history, I've I've pushed myself fairly hard towards the edge, willing, been willing to take big risks that I don't know, terrified and this weird. Some ways, don't have the personality for risk, but at other times, just hope to also consult. I have to go do something like I do it anyway. And so, you know, at that point with that consulting client, it was I went from, you know, I'd experienced a little bit of, you know, space where I could kind of breathe in the business, but there was a lot of just bootstrapping back against the wall, grinding it out, working with with a team in Bangladesh. So, you know, once, twice a month, calls from 8pm to 1am and just, you know, just grinding it out, and pulling in funding, and, you know, taking loans and, you know, switching things together and make it work, and having projects go up. So yeah, there was some so there were some good times and there were some bad times with it. But the marketing gig, like you said, it gave me the confidence to take it on. And then that fall, they asked me to come in as VP of Sales and Marketing and help build an online sales team, and so that that started, that's what bought us, that's what got my wife and I and her family into a house. Okay, this part actually. I mean, here's a little memo story. One of the subs I was working with. I was I, I was pretty, pretty brazen with the prices. I said it wasn't cheap by any means. And I was on the way home from work one day, and I just I heard like, like, I heard the double what I was to give out of out of the the first part of the contract, there was going to be more about the first part of the contract to give that, to give my share of the retainer, to My to to my sub and I was like, Okay, well, I'm gonna do that. This doesn't make sense, but I will come to find out what, what a ways down the road, you had his back against the wall, and he was, he was this close. I want to cry, man, he was this close to close. Is a known business, and that's it's safe as bacon. So again, just the confidence to move into that. I asked for support. I didn't see red flags right away. And this is the thing. As a consultant, one of the things I would advise you to do is just keep notes. What's worked, what doesn't work. Who are the people that it works well for what are the red flags early on? What are the rules of engagement? And, you know, I don't know if my last client, I, you know, told him lay out a bunch of stuff like Perry gives the definition of a dysfunctional family is which you don't talk about. It's like, we got to have transparent communication. Yeah, I can't, I can't be fired for good performance and and I did my share of name dropping as well. I'm like, Look, I've been mentored by people who've who've grown company, who've helped mentor by multiple people who've helped develop billionaires and so I don't, I don't want to be taken lightly or taken, you know, taken for granted. Here

Speaker 1  16:13
we have a seat at the table. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, you've, you've earned a seat at the table and a voice and

Unknown Speaker  16:23
a voice, Yep, you heard that,

Matthias Miller  16:26
yep. So with that first gig, then I asked for some support filling out the sales team, they denied it. They wanted to take a non conventional route, and elected on me to figure it out. I got completely buried too much work, too much to do. Couldn't get to the critical things, and ultimately ended up doing too much it work, to actually support the sales team and pay attention to it. Wow. And

Speaker 1  16:57
it kind of felt that was like falling back into programming. Little

Matthias Miller  17:02
it was, it was, and the woke one morning with a with a knot in my stomach, and I know. And I was like, something's wrong. Um, got together with with another, with one of my subs. We put numbers together that Thursday, on their meeting, they're like, hey, we need to talk about numbers. And I was like, Sure, we got it. It was just another kind of memos thing. And you know, one morning I was I was firefighting some kind of issue, showed up late to the sales meeting, and the sales manager was gone, and the owner was there unannounced. And so they wanted me to hang around for the tech stuff. I said, Well, it seems like we got leadership issues. If you want to clean those up, I'll hang around. If not, I'm just out completely. And so it was crickets. And we wound down the engagement and moved on. Moved into So, so I was, I was doing that for soon. That was when you had your kid, right, yep, yeah, that happened in, oh, I think it was about June, when everything started going sideways. Had her, had her kid in July, and then, man, just eat by I don't even know how it, you know, managed to scale up another software project was, was, you know, gun to the head, scale it up way past their budget. What they were actually looking to invest went all in on that, met the deadline, brought in a bunch of brought in, you know, worked some crazy hours, but but made made decent money during that time and and managed to scrape together what we needed and get approved for a loan, despite all the 1099, self employed, all this other stuff that happened. So I

Matthias Miller  19:07
I was this close to signing a long term agreement. So in the software business, I kind of ran a design company and and my brother had the dev team I helped with marketing, but ran a customer, ran the customer facing side of the business under my own entity, and it was this close to signing a long term agreement with my brother. And I've been around table, and they gotten out to me consistently about, Hey, man, like there's something here that, like it's not working for you. Why are you doing this? And over this time i i got started working with with a spiritual director, with. Yeah, all kinds of therapy training, but stopped short, because he didn't want to be handcuffed by the regulations. And he just straight up told me he's like, Dude, you gotta get out. And I bought that for two

Speaker 1  20:18
weeks, saved be upfront. Sometimes it was that's, that's what. Sometimes I'm like, Hey, I'm I'm open to anything you have to say. Like, if you have something to say, I don't want to come to it myself. I want you to just be direct. Say it.

Matthias Miller  20:39
I love it. So I sat on that email for a week or two one Thursday morning after Christmas. Thursday morning after Christmas, I woke up early and I was like, Okay, that's it. How long I'm like, I give up, probably five, five years, seven years, five to seven years in some capacity. And I sent the email saying, hey, look, we've been looking at this management transition, beginning of the year, long term arrangement. I can't do the long term arrangement. We gotta, I gotta sell. And so we discuss, discuss numbers before. It wasn't anything extravagant, but, but it still was heavily owner involved because of the highly tech. Technical nature, business. And part of the reason I didn't like it, there was no way that, there's no easy path to extricate myself. I didn't love it. So we did. January 1 rolls around. I took over three or four team members. I had a part time project manager, part time, personal assistant, and me doing consulting, and that's what I've been doing, doing along the way. The number one thing that I would say

Unknown Speaker  21:55
for you is I um,

Matthias Miller  22:07
letting go of all timidity, and grabbing hold with all this and owning everything that you are at what you bring to The table and being completely comfortable in the sales position, and and selling yourself and and having complete confidence and what it is that you have to offer, and you've got Josh behind you, you've got all kinds of people behind you safety net. So just stop playing small. Like, I just do, like, go for it. Like, like, there's, there's always something. I'd always been in soft I'd been in Perry's world for eons. Still felt imposter syndrome, taking over their marketing. And in doing some of that stuff, I've I'm not dumb when it comes to sales. I help my brother land his first six figure contract and all this stuff, and help design their sales process whatever. I've been absorbing sales stuff for a long time. I know the difference between Mr. Hyde man and true persuasion and connection and trust like I'm not a moron. And yet there's imposter syndrome coming up there. And then when that it didn't work out with the client. Oh, wow. Like, who am I now? Well, imposter syndrome there. It's every, every place where, well, and even with what I'm doing now, it's like, this is, this is fake man, like I, I have never had such a clear compulsion that this is the path that I have to go. And yet it's not laid out in a perfect X, Y and Z plan, and just

Speaker 1  24:05
like being told to give your retainer to the sub, It's like you didn't have the dots.

Unknown Speaker  24:14
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  24:23
So the question, go ahead,

Speaker 1  24:25
thank you. I I feel your courage being transferred to me.

Unknown Speaker  24:39
Yeah, I like, let's just,

Matthias Miller  24:46
let's go do it. I think the next question I would have for you is also just, I.

Matthias Miller  25:03
Do you have people sitting in your pipeline right now that you think should be doing more work with you than they are?

Speaker 1  25:10
Yeah, so I currently have no clients I have. I I just, and this was my, this was the Perry San Diego thing is like, I've only worked referral. I just, I just haven't sold myself. The people that I have, I have a past client, and it's, it's felt like the last three meetings, something always happened. She got 10 new clients. Then it was, we were gonna talk on her birthday, and she loves me and one of her favorite people. But then she was emotional about her mom passing on her birthday. So will it say we keep moving the meeting? And she, she told me three months ago she wants to work with me again. But, yeah, I have a someone. I forget his name, he's, I think he's part of roundtable. Someone mentioned admired leadership in the forum, and I just reached out and had a call with their salesperson, and we've just had a relationship. We call each other every other week for the last three months, and I've done spec work for them, and he's passed it on, and he's loved it. So I have kind of an advocate inside of the organization, and but then, you know, they're successful, and they have events, and they get busy, so we're going to have another call. We had a call last week. It was great. We're gonna have another call next week, but, like, there's no that's me being an employee. That's like, Hey, I'm trying consulting. I think I just need to take a class for for a while, because I'm, you know, I took, I took, I took on some serious two, five figure programs, certifications, because I thought, I thought my client, we would keep going, and then she kind of stopped doing. Basically, life intervened, and she had to, she had to pause her business. And so I was stuck with what, to me would have been like, the resources to keep leveling up and how I serve her, and I just that was like, That was bad. That was like bad. So I'm still upside down financially,

Unknown Speaker  27:54
you know,

Speaker 1  27:56
like 24k so, like, like, I literally, like, a friend gave me five bucks last week to, like, put, put in my car so I could, I just, I feel like, more I'm, I have this weird relationship where I'm like, I'm always, I follow Dallas Willard and like, I lack nothing with God. But I also think I can be very like, Hey, God can figure it out, versus, like me taking bold action, like you said, right? So I I think mentally, I think I'm doing well, and a lot of like, emotionally, mentally, but I basically have Michelle from this, my past client, and Wes, who's the admired leadership guy, and both have been, like many, many conversations that haven't quite materialized, even though they love me and respect me, Wes, I think I was a little discouraged, because I realized, oh, admired leadership is part of a bigger Consulting Group, and they serve the top, top people, like, I don't even know what they're in but like, hedge funds and stuff, and I think I was a little over odd by that. It would have been better if I just talked to Wes and but anyways, I those are the two people in my pipeline, if you could say and maybe I just need to say, like, Hey, can you give me a status update? I love talking to you. Why don't we start working together? You've loved everything I've done. Who do I need to speak with on your team to explore that? Like. I'm not sure, but I'm, I mean, he was super generous. He gave me access to the whole program for two weeks. And I feel like I've been going through that, and it's like, oh my goodness. Like I feel like I can be just a better human being. So I'm very attracted to admired leadership, because I just see myself developing as as a person, whatever role I have with them, it's I think I've always tried to follow good people. I've always had like a I pursue mentors approach to life, and I pursue relationships, and that's why I've never been sent a resume anywhere but, but, you know, I think that's maybe me being a rugged individualist, after being burned a few times and thinking like, Oh, I'm just going to do my own consulting thing, but I'm now open to even being, being an employee, if it's if it means I get to, let's just put it this way. I've seen there's good there are good companies out there. So yeah, long, that was a long answer to what's in my pipeline?

Matthias Miller  31:25
So the referrals that you've been getting in the past, how have those come about?

Speaker 1  31:30
Um, I did. I was the lead, lead marketing instructor for Tom Poland, and it's, it's like, it's primarily helping people like, honestly, it's basic marketing and leveraging other people's networks and building out your webinar and slide deck and podcast and and I just had, I just, I just have very long, term relationships with, I mean, I worked with those people for, you know, from six months to three years. So that's how I find, found my consulting gig with Michelle. Yeah, so people, people do like me, like I develop trust very rapidly. They How should I put it when I when I realized marketing wasn't all it, I followed Tim Francis and did lots of his stuff on financials, and then I got into Josh's stuff, and I've done many, almost all, of Perry's programs, but I feel like I just had too much. I have too much and like no structure for me to practically go forward like. I feel like I I have too much information. And let's just say, when I follow Josh's stuff, I I've done better at not Messiah making Josh. And I think Josh is someone who's really good at not he's never been that kind of person with me, and that's why I followed him for a long time, is because I can have a relationship and not feel like I have to replicate. But I did get to a point where, like this just makes sense. I want to replicate, and and then I kind of felt stuck for a long time because I was pursuing lots of B to B companies and my backgrounds, my background was working with coaches, consultants and trainers from marketing, like, doing the marketing stuff. And so I think that's only I've only just realized, like, oh, I, I was really struggling to talk to, you know, Josh can pick up and talk to a manufacturer, like, no problem. Like, I'm not. I'm that's just not me, right? Um, even though I did work for three years, but

Matthias Miller  34:24
so I think I've covid consultants and trainers are your tribe.

Speaker 1  34:30
I think so. I think they're people who want to make they're into leadership and transformation and like I maybe it's a little closer to, like, the story, human side and empathy that I can, I can bring to the table, but I just it's. It, at least everything from what Josh said. It's like, he stays away from those because they're not as scalable. So I'm like, I think I just am resigning myself to, like, okay, like, Josh has his criteria. Like, maybe I'm not gonna get the same type of setup that Josh has. But like, it doesn't matter, as long as I eat like, I'll be happy, like, as long as great.

Matthias Miller  35:29
Oh. And scale isn't the only point of leverage either. Okay, so what I'm doing is not scalable. Well, right now, I mean, I'm looking at ways to make it more scalable, but what I'm starting out with is 100% not scalable. It's a except.

Speaker 1  35:50
And I love the human non scalable side, like, that's, I love that, but I guess, I guess I'm thinking, I have to be scaling. Is where you get paid. I just know

Matthias Miller  36:03
you can, you can integrate and bring Okay, so I haven't fully figured out where all of my life is going, but my path to scale is potentially a mastermind group environment type of a thing. But even that, how far can you you know? You can do events, you can create the culture. The one thing that I don't know closely, you probably would have had to be following me on Facebook to know this about me, but I got fired from a church which is its own story, and not for moral reasons, but again, long story. What I loved about what I my involvement there, was the ability to shift people's emotional and spiritual state in a in a group context. So there is a level of there is there is that level of scale, but there's also, if you have an in demand skill set,

Unknown Speaker  37:12
that is

Matthias Miller  37:16
where you're working directly with the leader and applying it to the leader. And the leader is running a company that has big problems. You're not what you're doing isn't scalable, but because you're developing the leader and because of this where they're operating at

Speaker 1  37:36
I love that, and that's to me, okay, that's more valuable to me, like, what we're doing now is, like, I just want to do that with people. And it's, it's, it's almost bringing Dallas Willard and business together. You know, I'm not a spiritual director, but i i I want and I hang out with my gosh, why am I forgetting he's like this prosperous soul. I see him every week, every he's the Sozo guy.

Unknown Speaker  38:21
Anyways,

Matthias Miller  38:22
what a priest is it? Guys,

Speaker 1  38:25
he's uh, he's in, he was a part of reading uh in Bethel. He wrote, thank you. So, literally, he's like one of my mentors, blanking.

Matthias Miller  38:48
So you live in reading, then

Unknown Speaker  38:49
what's that

Matthias Miller  38:50
you live in reading? Then? No,

Speaker 1  38:52
no, I'm Southern California, but I have weekly, you know, his group calls and stuff. But

Unknown Speaker  38:59
I just,

Speaker 1  39:02
I there's all of this spiritual side where at least counseling perspective, or just, I don't know, leading people perspective that I really think is valuable and

Speaker 1  39:22
honest. Honestly, like the last, the last client I had, and my favorite client, even though it was like her worst year in business ever, uh, most of the work was like taking care of her, like mental and emotional side and not just blowing up her business with bad decisions.

Unknown Speaker  39:47
Yeah, sorry.

Matthias Miller  39:50
Let me interrupt. It's the life is an utter chaos, and the thing that you need right now any any given moment, you could pull out a shotgun or a hand grenade and blow everything. Up, and you need somebody like me to hold your hand and make sure you don't do anything stupid and don't make any any rash decisions, and burn this whole thing to the ground, right? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  40:14
And that's almost, that's almost like being a board member, and I think, like, I think that will come like that will come with experience for me as being that, like, you know, advisor to the entrepreneur.

Matthias Miller  40:39
What stands What do you need to do between now and then to be able to do that? Are you missing?

Speaker 1  40:45
I need people who are are coachable or and willing to be like I thought, like, Who could I? Who could I talk with now to do that? I thought, my cousin, I'm just going to charge him 500 a month. And like, we'll just kick that off. And so someone who, someone who can give me free reins to have, like, I'll spot a lot of things, sure, I'll make a bunch of mistakes, but like, I can have that, like, full contact. I This like relationship with with the entrepreneur.

Matthias Miller  41:29
So wouldn't you go hand in hand with the hard nosed turnaround CEO? And they execute the tactical side. And you say, I'm going to be in here, and I'm going to I'm going to make sure you're going to take care of the tactical side, so you're going to go fire all the people, you're going to go fix all the profitability issues, and I'm going to be here because this owner, we're I'm trying to think of the different stakes. My point on coachability is when the pain level is high enough, it may introduce coach ability that isn't otherwise present.

Speaker 1  42:15
That's, that's, it's their readiness, state, if, people will look for solution if they're in pain. So let's Okay, yeah, and for her, like for her, there was the, I don't have to call it trauma, but her, she hired a VP of her marketing person was supposed, I guess, I think she was a friend, and for six months she didn't do anything, and when she left, She had to give her severance and all that, so she felt betrayed and like, I watched her because she's, I mean, she was kind of ideal for me. She was like, like, a highly, highly empathetic, like, very good at her skill role, but some lacking some boundaries that I think made her vulnerable, and she kind of rebounded from that betrayal. And like, hired her, hired her, her brother in law, her brother and sister in law, like she kept she made, kept making relational bad decisions because of that, that initial like betrayal, and she kept being betrayed, like, unfortunately, at that point I was, wasn't working with her. But,

Speaker 1  44:16
I mean, I don't like I even, even, even at the marketing company, I had people like cry with me on their first call, like their onboarding call with me. So that's not like everyone, but, but I think there is some, there is some kind of a, maybe a little more direct path to mindset that Josh eventually works his way towards. But like, I think, my like, I think for. Josh too. Ideally, he would start there. And for me, if I can work with like the heart and spirit of it, like I'm sure we can find some strategy that can improve the company. But I always seem to have a personal way in and I think that's where I felt so stuck, is because I'm not the whole marketing and sales for myself is like, this is not a personal connect path that I feel I just don't even feel engaged or I don't, I don't know what it is I need to change on it, but

Matthias Miller  45:50
so what and what sales and marketing path have you do

Unknown Speaker  45:56
you feel like you should be taking? Um,

Speaker 1  46:00
you know, I, I was looking, I listened to the module from admired leadership on relationships, and I realized, oh, and I think my, my Strength Finders have to do with like connectedness and intellection. And input, and it fit well with the module on relationships, because they had this metaphor of like a radar, like you stay in contact every three, three weeks or more, and you're always scanning for what's what's of interest and what would be a value add to that person. And you just, you pursue the person because you care about the relationship. But it's like and I think I can do that. I think I can play long term games with people without a need for for payout. I think that's some of my generosity, wiring, um. And so I think if I just, if I get my spreadsheet and I just put people, people, they just keep, keep scanning and finding ways of adding value or connecting in relationship. I I signed up for a little sales program a couple a month ago, and I should go back into it a little more from Dove Gordon, and he has a, you know, he has profitable relationships. And I have, I have, like, a two week, a two week, email him or text him with my whatever I decide my messaging is offer. I have, like, scared to use it, but like, I think when I'm when I pick something, I'll be ready. But I think that's ultimately the path something that I take. I'm not all sure all the things that he does for profit, profitable relationships, but that that type of approach, and I've also seen like Josh and other people start telegram groups, like he has a helpline I'm a part of, and it's just like, hey, you're a guy, you're in here. Like, it's all about you and you know, and that, I think, ultimately, like, I think your reputation and your relationship, like, I'm sure I'll be renew renumerated at some point in time, but I think I want to lead with the people first. Like that sounds are you remember, what's that

Matthias Miller  48:50
member of profitable relationships?

Speaker 1  48:54
I'm not, but I know a lot of people who are, I think it's $1,000 and I don't have that now. So

Matthias Miller  49:03
you mentioned these colors here, so I'm

Unknown Speaker  49:11
sorry I cut out.

Matthias Miller  49:21
Okay, one thing that keeps surfacing to me is like, how transparent are you with the people that you network with to say, look, I care about relationships, and here's just how it works. If I see a way that I can add value and there's going to be benefit to you, I'm going to tell you, tell you, I'm going to ask you to make a decision about working with me, and there's never any pressure, and I'm only going to do it when I see that there's value. I'm not going to offer you trash, but this is we're going to do this, and I'll be friends with you regardless, but this is just part of the package. Have you been transparent with people about that?

Speaker 1  49:51
Oh my gosh. Thank you for saying that. I. I have it, and I think you're right, I haven't known how to move from I feel like I've also I've been caught with almost like my strength is, is my is my downfall, because I can get caught pursuing like I had, I had like, 15 emails with one person, and it was amazing. It was great. And I think I was helping them. But then when I was I mentioned something about business, and they felt like a little betrayed. But I'm like, I literally, we've been having months of like chat, like input and value add to your life. And then I mentioned something about business, but if I had done it at the outset, I think it would have been given me more freedom to be direct and not just waste a lot of time. Thank you for that. That makes a lot of sense. And I

Matthias Miller  51:07
think the other thing I would encourage you, you to do is that often there's you might even frame up front, often there's a lot of value that's exchanged. And even if we don't end up working together, if you get value from what what we're doing, would you be open to shooting me a one minute testimonial about what it was like, what are the value you got from interaction? And that way you don't get any, okay, so like, you're

Speaker 1  51:28
you're always in round two, always building. Yeah, you're always

Matthias Miller  51:31
building. But when Robert mishawn and Brian Todd said they wanted two hour sessions, I said, Yes, that's worth credibility within the forum, people know them at least. Long timers know Brian and you know, but many people know Robert and and so you get you can build, it's the two pounds of proof that Perry talks about, and always be working on proof. The other big thing that I've, I've been putting all my creative focus in in a different direction. But if you go back my Facebook profile, I gave myself permission to talk about anything and everything, stories, situations, snippets, lessons and just verbally, verbalizing it and vocalizing it. And anything you can do, whatever medium you use is get these little Today I had a call if so and so or not with so and so, but today I had a call with a client. And here's the epiphany that happened, or here's the story I went through, here's the lessons learned, or here's this tactical list it, and if you just give yourself permission, yeah, document the proof doc and do it in story form. And if that's a method that works well for you, and I suspect it does, and you'll start, I've had people come to me and say, Man, your message is so cohesive. And I'm like, I have, I don't have a strategy. I just talked about what I want to talk about, and it's me, and therefore it's cohesive. I'm not trying to be anybody else? Yeah,

Speaker 1  53:03
no, that's good. Thank you. Thank you. I, I really love visual models, and I've been doing this on x i It's probably, probably like, you know, who knows if it'll ever pay off, but it's it just creatively gives me, you know, focused and I I just created a story. And usually I have, like, a line, but I was like, Now this time I'm going to, I'm going to say, when I met this person who introduced himself as a high functioning alcoholic and like, that was a story. I'm like, okay, I can. I totally know where to run with that. Thank you. I will leave you a testimonial, and

Matthias Miller  53:51
if you're doing that on X, yeah, thank you. And if you're doing it on X, Instagram works very similarly. And I know you probably you don't have capacity right now to run traffic, but the kind of thing that you're talking about is a great thing to do there as well, visual visual demonstrations. The other thing I want to ask you, here's a brief question. So I don't have any answer for this. I don't know what this is supposed to look like. I have been wrestling with how to get I finally have a draft explaining what it is that I do. I took the forum thing and smashed it together, and this, that and the other thing, and it's kind of a description, but with what I'm looking to build, one of the one of the principles that gosh talks about is, is, you know, one of the models of scale is making the. Disciples like, go, go, be the you know, whatever. Go, replicate yourself. And, and it's, it's one of the paths of skill that I long term, want to look at, if you were looking at me flipping the question around and, and

Matthias Miller  55:22
maybe this should just be a separate call.

Speaker 1  55:25
Let's, let's post this as a separate call. But yeah, let's do it to share more. And I'm, I'm just fascinated by by, yeah, I went through the cost seminar, and I I'm fascinated by that too. I'm literally reading acts right now, and it's like, oh my gosh. Like, like, okay, Jesus blew on them, gave them the spirit, and then he visited them a couple more times. And then I guess Pentecost happened, and like, like, the rest is history. And these, you know, fishermen guys, it's, it's unbelievable, like that,

Unknown Speaker  56:12
that

Speaker 1  56:15
the world over is, is touched by someone who spent three years developing disciples. So, yeah, I can tell you up front, I've, I've had, I've had lots of people. They haven't used the word disciple. They've used the word like a it's basically, hey, I'll train you. And you take my consulting, or you take my and I'm, I've never quite done it, but I'm really interested in hearing your formulation of what, what you think discipleship, or what you think that that looks like. And by the way, that document that you have send it to me, because I, I mean, I, you know, I'm sure they're a better turn of phrase artists. But I'm I, if I see something, I could pull together or or simplify. I'll just, I'll just leave some edit comments, notes.

Matthias Miller  57:31
Good, so let's do that.

Unknown Speaker  57:35
Yeah, that

Matthias Miller  57:38
the other question, and also, in the true spirit, if you want a I would be happy to pay you whatever your fee is for analysis, your breakthrough, whatever like outside perspective, whatever it is, because, and I know it's really early on, but I think, I think we're closely enough online. I hired a lot of advisors. And so anyway, most people don't get it. And so let me know what. Let me know what that looks like, too. I'm very open to that. And the other thing, yeah. So as we wrap this up, I'm trying to think if there's anything on my own, just to reiterate, I think boldness, remember, just what the things that seen it in my mind, is boldness. Remember, you've got a safety net in the forum with Josh. If you've got his memos access or his signal access, you've got that. That's fantastic resource. I actually have something similar on boxer at whatever point that makes sense, and it's been fun for me. So whatever I know now, it's not the time. I really think something with profitable relationships Bill Gordon and his stuff, or or your own version of it, and and framing up front. I think there's something in there, and I don't have a full explanation, but I really felt the there was, there was some life on the whole thing of your world is burning to the ground, and I'm going to walk with you through the fire. And you can, you can go back to the sequence, because I gave you some I'll have Audrey sent out there according to you and but you can look for the words that this was being said. But I, I everything

Speaker 2  59:41
else to me,

Matthias Miller  59:52
feels a little bit like I'm trying to prove myself and validate myself and work my way up to what it is that I really want to do I.

Speaker 1  1:00:03
And I don't know what that is, that's I, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:00:11
but you have a taste of it. You've had a taste for the past client. And if you can have green board doing exactly the same thing, you would be happy at least, at least well enough that from those three you would learn that it's more nuanced. It's this, not that, and it's her, not him.

Speaker 1  1:00:28
I I'm actually, thank you for this, because with my cousin, I'm just, I'm like, he's in the fire. And it was, I was shocked. It was like, we had one conversation, and he, he reduced a few hours and changed things with his employees and freed 2000 in cash flow a month, like he was, he just didn't that was like, that's, that's like, the only problem he has like, and so I was just really excited to do like, I think, I think I can work with chaos like, I think I can, yeah, thank you. Thank you so much for your time. I I think that your message about profitable relationships, I'm just realizing how maybe that's my next step of boldness is just to, just to schedule conversations and like, I didn't realize how much life I would get like, I felt compelled to to sign up and reach out, and I'm like, I have no idea what justifies this or why he would, but I think if I Do work relationally, I just, I just, I just knock, that's it. And if someone opens or it's like, hey, great well and invites me in, I can be a great guest. And so Hey, thank you for disentangling, you know, my own, my own chaotic Gordon knot.

Matthias Miller  1:02:28
We all need it. We all need what we give to others, for ourselves and someone else. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:02:32
send me your document, and next time, we'll talk more about Kansas, because we have some some shared history. There

Matthias Miller  1:02:43
fascinating. All right, sounds good. I'll send it over and we'll be in touch.

Speaker 1  1:02:47
Yeah, and I love the recording to this. Thank you. I will recording. Take care. Matthias, no.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai