Unknown Speaker  00:00
So I, I guess when I go in, I go in whole hog. So first of all, I signed up for Perry, Marshalls star activate thing. And yeah, and then on today's call had about a 15 minute deep dive into the retail product that we're putting together

Speaker 1  00:30
and skipped out on the last hot seat because I was like, I can't even focus on that anyway, my mind's like, sizzling right now and signed up for a hot seat at his live events in New Orleans, beginning of April, and have shed clients who are interested in sending me to his three day plus one day networking event in Chicago at the end of April.

Unknown Speaker  01:07
So we were just there just forking over the money to him right now. Nice. So here's the thing. So he broke this whole thing down. And you know, there's this 8020 8020 of 8020, the basic thing is,

Speaker 1  01:30
in reality, I need to look at work the system and equivalent as competitors. And so they have a 90 day program. So how do we take what they do in 90 days? And how do we cut it down to?

Unknown Speaker  01:46
Like? How do we get it down to 30? And how do we make it substantially easier for the business owner, and substantially easier

Speaker 1  01:57
for the employee. And if we nail that, then we have an if then else kind of guarantee where if you do this, if Well, first of all, if you're this kind of kind of person, so you're this if you are at this revenue level, and you're competent in managing your people, and you've got at least one team member who can take over stuff like this, you can take off, take over administrative stuff, and you have internet access and fill in the blank, then well, if you have this and you follow our process, then we guarantee that you will get back x number of hours or your stress level will reduce by X percent. And or else you get a refund plus we pay you back x for the half or something like that. Yeah. So then the question is, what is that promise that within 30 minutes, your business owner within 30 minutes, we can we can we can give you these five things that will save you X amount of time. So my thought is, imagine if step one of the process is literally let's walk you through let's let's craft a series of questions. I'm not sure how to tie all these pieces together. But let's try to see the questions around two, I think two angles, maybe three. First one is What are you doing on a think of this almost like a quadrant. So on the left side, you've got daily know you've got as needed. You've got daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly and annually. And along the top, you've got things like sales and marketing, you've got things like you've got accounting and finance, you've got things around operation and production, you've got to be really for small business. It's basically that. And then it's like, Let's go filling this chart. As much as we can just get all the ideas out. Let's figure out what it is. And then maybe we have some specific questions. It's like, oh, by the way, do you have a process for Team check ins Do you have a process for Do you have a cadence for your team meetings? Do you have a process for accounts receivable? Do you have a process for your estimates? Do you have a process for this? Do you have process for that? So then we also then then we have like, click on this, this square? And what are some ideas of things that you might not have thought of that you should offload? So operations have you thought of offloading part of your email so the email filters No, you don't have to learn how to do that we can tell we can teach your people how to do that. No problem. Yeah. And so the only job of the business owner within 30 minutes, we give him crystal clear clarity on his life. And then at some point we go through and we say, Okay, let's look at this one. So this happens daily, how much time are you spending every day? Okay, and how, how much of a, you know, we're gonna, we're gonna put a, we're gonna put a burden on it. So one is like, one is like, this is fun. And tennis, I want to go jump off a really tall place, I still want to parachute. But I still want to go, I don't know what I'm gonna go punch something, that's a better example. Right? And then, and then we allow them to stack rank them. So the end of this. So what I'm envisioning is you have 3030 minutes, maybe it's 60 minutes, 60 minutes, fine, highly focus rapidfire, get things out of your head onto paper. And at the end, you walk away with this chart, of all the things you can get off your plate, and how much stress is gonna save you, and how much? How much time it's gonna save you. And then we say, Okay, you're Hartstein, here's what we need from you, we need you to give us access to a team member, and the team member is going to, they're going to drive this project ahead, now they're gonna have to have time. And if you think they're too busy, well, the exact reason why they're so busy is because you haven't let them do this. So you're gonna have it's gonna hurt worse before it feels better. But you have to hurt worse, there's not going to get better. This is why you get a root canal. So this is, you know, after they buy, maybe it's like, Okay, here's, here's the time for the root canal, here's my anesthesia boards, right.

Speaker 1  06:57
And then we say, Dear team member. And, And side note, there are probably some things, some of a few bits of kind of rough mindset things for the business owner, and it's like, you might not see a pathway, how somebody else can do this. And you can't see how this is anything more than just an Amen, that needs to be done. And you might think it's not important enough to offload. But you need to see it that way. Otherwise, you're not going to get the results. And you also need to start valuing your time more, because if there's anything that you're doing that you could pay somebody else 1020, or even $50 an hour for them, and get anywhere at 100, or even 500, then you start doing that. And so, start valuing your time. And you're not going to think of everything, but as you think of these things, you're also going to need a place, we're going to take this thing out for you. And we're going to label each box for you. And you can add things to the list and and we can come back to it later, or somebody somebody can help come back to it later. Something like that. And then team member comes along, we're like, Okay, here's what's gonna happen, you got a list. And you're gonna guess, and I'm sorry, that you're guessing, like to guess, but you're just gonna guess how much effort this is going to take. So one is like, Oh, that's easy, I could take it over with my eyes closed. And intent is like, Oh, wow, that looks really complicated. So then what you do is you internally, we flip the 10, to one and a one to attend. To make it turn it into ease, and we find the highest stress highest, we multiply highest stress, highest time, highest ease together. And that's really start picking things off. Start at the top and work your way down, here's how you're gonna do it. There's two ways you can do it. You can you can ask a neighbor, we tell a business owner this too. But there's three ways you can hand things off, you can make a list of things, things that need to be done, or you can just let them show up and watch you while you're working. They're gonna take copious notes. And then, and they're gonna ask you whatever questions and we're gonna tell them things to watch out for. And when they're done, boom, like they've got on their plate. Oh, and by the way, we're going to give them a scheduling tool. So if you set it to happen daily, then well, maybe they don't need a scheduling tool, but it happens weekly or quarterly. We'll set it up so that it happens exactly when it's supposed to happen. And they'll get reminders and, and everything, you know, etc. So things don't fall through the cracks. Yeah. And, and then basically, we give the employee a template saying, Okay, I mean, we give them templates for categorization, such as, and this happens in the onboarding process. Sometimes it's like, like, what are you departments, and basically give us your org chart and we'll Set up your will set up your categories for you. That's basically what it is. And then, and so then these go over to the team member team members are starts working through this. If we're crafty, then we start telling the business owner saying, hey, look, we've already saved you 20 hours a week, well, it's probably a little over the top 320 hours a month, and your team member has checked off 15% of the tasks that you have. And there's this many hours remaining, here's the progress. And maybe they're going to decide not to do some things. Because while you guys need to agree not to but curious.

Speaker 1  10:43
And so you're looking to make the process as easy as possible for both business owner and the employee. And then on the business owner side, the pitch becomes ridiculously simple. You give us 60 minutes of your time. And we'll tell you how you can get this many hours back without without adding more things to your plate.

Unknown Speaker  11:06
Yeah. And then all they need is the software and all the stuff that goes with it. And we guide them through the process.

Speaker 1  11:22
Nice and so is the time with the team member that the idea would be to compress that into 30 days. Yes, the idea is that within 30 days, they work through the top X number of of items like and I don't know what the what the right. I don't know what the exact promise and guarantee is on that.

Unknown Speaker  11:47
So if you know if you have the proper onboarding and you help,

Speaker 1  11:56
yeah, basically the 30 days, you get? Okay, so another part of the process could be dear business owner. We're going to save you X amount of time. Now, where are you going to give put that time? And where's it going to get? Where's it going to put you? Yeah, so if right now, you're not bidding enough jobs because you're overworked. But if you start bidding more jobs, or fill in the blank, what's the thing that's gonna make you the most money where you need to focus? Yeah. And then on the heels of that, it's like, if you if you implement this, so that within 30 days, we can add, you pay us a few 100 bucks. And what all add back 50 will give you will give you a return within the first month. And we'll give you 10x On the in the first year, something like that. Or maybe it's just you'll make 15k Or if then else, etc. And yeah. And the onboarding call could actually simply be the free offer. I suspect if we do the free offer, or it could be a low cost offer, I don't know which we want to do, but I don't know this, this kind of that initial consult with the business center. Sounds exactly. Like the kind of thing my sales guy would just

Unknown Speaker  13:29
eat for lunch. Okay. He's an efficiency nerd. And high D, D slash I like, process oriented. And, boom, here you go. So don't know. But it's something like that. And at the end, if we don't want to make the offer, we don't make the offer.

Speaker 1  13:57
If we're not up to a certain number of hours, or there's not enough upside in them to actually have a reasonable plan to make back there. 15k I mean, I think the if is if cooperating with system is okay, so if you if you go do this, and they go through this process, and and you spend your time doing what you what you say you're going to do, and I don't know exactly what it is and maybe the promise has to be within maybe the promise has to be around the hours that they get that I don't know, that part's a little fuzzy to me what the grand 30 Day promises. Maybe it's just yeah, I don't know. Yeah, it seems to me like I like the overall concept because it seems to me like you know, in terms of selling somewhere on something like that, that they once they can see that they need it right Oh, The objections you have. One is I could lose money, I could lose time that that's basically energy. That's maybe another thing. But basically those are the issues, right? And so basically what you're saying is, we're actually going to create more on these guaranteed basically. Yes. Well, I see two fundamental guarantees. One is on that 60 minutes? Well, three, possibly three. One is, one is on that first, initial consult with the business owner. If within 60 minutes, we don't find a way to save you six hours per week, then fill in the blank or whatever it is, yeah, yeah. Right, right. Like that's a, that's an immediate win. And firstly, it's also a huge adrenaline boost to actually see a path forward. So then the next guarantee is to the employee, your employee, if we, if you are this kind of employee, and it's kind of built into the, into the master in the Master Agreement, but if you are this type, kind of, if you meet these conditions, and follow up. And we guarantee that x, we're penalty, self imposed penalty. And it could be as simple as, if you follow a process. If you do this, if you're this, if you meet these qualifications, and you follow this process, then you will be able to, you know, fill these out and do it yourself. Or we're gonna go get our highest paid team member, ie me on the phone. And

Unknown Speaker  17:01
we're not going to hang up until we get a clear path forward. And if we throw up our hands and say we can't

Speaker 1  17:07
do give give you will? Well, either. I don't know what other self imposed penalty, I don't really know. So you're saying that you feel like you need a way to strongly pitch the employee on it as well. I think there should be, I don't know, if we need a guarantee for the employee. Maybe we don't need an employee. But I think the time savings and ease of implementation should be should be dramatically, dramatically better for the employee as well as the business center. Right? Like you have to get real buy in or it's not going to go right, or it's not going to go right. And at the point that you got employee buy in, you have a two pronged advantage. So you've got first of all, it's it's an absolute walk in the park for I mean, it's it might be hard work. But there are time savings and benefits for the employee efficiency gains for them. And as well as for the business owner, and at that point, it's a one two punch. It's not just we're not just offloading that way, the overall cost, time cost is less than substantially less than any competitor. Okay. And then the third piece was, the third possible guarantee is the 30 day guarantee. So if you meet these qualifications, so maybe it's like the 30 day, is this, the conditions for the 30 day, have the conditions for the employer and the team member. Yet both of these? Yeah, so if you meet all these qualifications, and you follow our process, this combined process employer employee, then we promise this outcome or negative penalty on us. And you can even kind of preface the initial conversation, right? You can say, Okay, here's the purpose of our conversation. Number one, we're going to, you know, save you six hours a week immediately, or give you a strategy to save six hours a week by the end of this call. And secondly, we're going to see whether or not you and your company check the boxes for us to be able to, you know, save you X time or stress over the next 30 days. Yep. Right. So that I mean, that's those are the two things basically you need to accomplish, right? Correct. Correct. Yeah. Good. Yeah, interesting. So then the software. That's basically that's just a patch, that's just a part of the package on the 30. Day. Package. Right? Correct. And essentially, they're getting great results in 30 days. And if they've already sunk a bunch of time into documenting processes, they're not going to be interested in just losing that software, on the treasurer over basically. Correct. I mean, one of the grand ideas that I have is, oh, by the way, wouldn't it be great for you to do this more often. So you don't have to worry about it. But your team member is going to tap you on the shoulder and say, Hey, we're gonna take you on the shoulder, every six months, they give you sit down together and go through this thing. And you go through this matrix all over again. Yeah. So it's a really, it's, I mean, the sort of thinking in the big scheme of things as far as like, what, you know, what company are you? Right? So I think, like, the way I understand the way you approach things is you're very much a people Plus software. Like, that's how you see the solution working, right? It's people plus software, correct? I mean, people and software, like, a lot of people will pitch one or the other, right? It's like, hey, either we'll help you with your people, or we'll help you with your software. But you're saying no, we actually want to do both? Because that's what the real solution actually is. Yes, correct. That's correct. So I don't know. Initially, how you how you pitch yourself. Like, you know, you don't have to stress the software component at all in the beginning, right.

Speaker 1  22:06
Yeah, you need to explain that you can't explain the fact that you're a people plus software kind of company. You can, but the core pitch is that is we're gonna save you time, both you and your employee time, and we're gonna save you. Like, you don't care about the house at that point. I don't not that much. Some people will be. Right. It's mainly it's mainly the benefits. It's mainly the solution. That there Yeah, mainly the benefits, right? It's what? What when you talk about initially?

Unknown Speaker  22:41
Yeah, that's right. Yeah, I like it. So then the final stage of this, take over the world in a data play, so tell me if this violates me ethics. But the idea of data, please imagine that you've got a Imagine that. We give them a toolset to answer to fill out this matrix.

Speaker 1  23:24
But well, and here's what I'm not completely sure. I'm kind of wondering about just throwing all of this stuff into one system, and segmenting it so that people only get access to their own stuff. But imagine that we're able to go through this stuff and say, Okay, we've taken a dozen people through this. And we never thought about X, but every last one of them is like the major wins all come from x and then we start crafting the questions around by the way, here's an idea Have you considered X Yeah. And so that's where effect starts playing in our favorite Go ahead. Well, right and I just think in from the marketing side, you know, when you can start talking about X, you know, because you have got that deep knowledge now, you know, how much how cool is that? You know?

Unknown Speaker  24:19
Yes

Speaker 1  24:22
at the you know, top of your funnel Yep. So, so really the way you're thinking about this is very much in essentially in sort of direct competition to

Unknown Speaker  24:46
you know, some of the existing you know, work the system type players essentially. Yes. Yep. Yeah, interesting. I think like it or not, I don't know. Not sure if I'll ever drift outside the end of that this market or not?

Speaker 1  25:12
If I really want to go to scale then the answer will be absolutely so well. But I'm actually competing I'm actually in the in between space between two sides. One is, I'm not sure if train Yule and related competitors have something like this, but it's like

Unknown Speaker  25:38
think systematized coaching almost so like, if you sit down with you sit down with Leon Martin, for example, or Dave Kaufman, then they'll tell you, you know, they'll tell you some things about some systems and stuff like that.

Speaker 1  26:07
But or you go through Josh, like the work the system Academy, then they'll walk you through the process as well. But, you know, work the system, there's the there's the coaching angle, and there is the software angle. But and I don't know if train Yule and some of these others have it, but there is a wizard, you know, almost like the Wizard angle of this of like, let's, let's walk you through this attended off, let's help you prioritize, and let's implement, monitor and remind and these types of things. Right, like, Ah, okay, yeah, gotcha. We're salt kind of an automated, little bit of an automated holding of the hand as they progress. Yeah, yeah. Ah, so Yeah, interesting. So, I mean, you know, it seems to me like there's plenty of people, you know, that's very well, right. Like, there's plenty of people offering coaching the question that the probably the better question, right, is whether our top of funnel experience is enough more compelling to kind of cut through some of that and, and really, really take over?

Unknown Speaker  27:38
Yeah. Well, not just top of funnel, but if we nail down the

Speaker 1  27:44
it's not just top of funnel, but nailing down the top of funnel 30 day. Plus, you know, plus ongoing process. Yeah, and I mean, it's, it's just beautiful when you think about the fact that if someone lets you come in for 30 days, the amount of relationship you can establish there in terms of developing trust both for your software and for your systems thinking. Me How awesome is that for when that company, you know, scales pose and needs bigger and bigger solutions, you know? Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Like b2b I mean, not that I'm wildly experienced at b2b but it just seems like it the currency of trust like it's such a different thing than the direct to consumer marketing on the whole for small ticket so the like, charging a little bit of money for something is so not the problem right? It's like the trust component, you know, is really the thing

Unknown Speaker  29:01
Yeah. Yeah. I think it's true unless you're selling paper printer paper or like right right yeah, yeah, sure. There's there's exceptions right.

Unknown Speaker  29:16
So deeply deeply commoditized or not right right. Yeah so I think that's all good. Okay. I pulled up the I was just curious to see what kind of ads work the system is running on Facebook or if they are

Speaker 1  29:46
so I sent you a link in WhatsApp did you care to get to see it looks like they running some, some business on our ones and some consult least one consultant one baby. Okay, yeah, primarily business owner that looks like to me?

Unknown Speaker  30:09
Sure. I'm not sure if I'll be able to another this

Speaker 1  30:16
is the only option for the consultant but most of these ads are for people who already are aware of them. And I would argue that their book is probably the best selling point of their whole system. Maybe I'm wrong. Right, right. It's not really working towards a cold audience per se. Right? In fact, they're probably these are all probably all read like retargeting right to warm audience.

Unknown Speaker  30:52
Seems likely. But I'd be surprised if they perform well to a cold audience. But

Unknown Speaker  30:58
yeah. Yeah. Yeah, well, cool. I am. Yeah, awesome. So what? Set? Next steps that your question? Right? I mean, I think it's, I think it's what if we put together this matrix. Now, thinking that matrix, a matrix is actually about the right.

Speaker 1  31:37
The right way to think about it. Where you've got frequency on the left, and workload on the right. Or department on the right. And for each cell, within that, you have prompters and ideas. Does that sound about right? Yeah, and then, and then I don't know how it, how it actually plays out in your conversation, whether you want to make this information accessible to the client or not right away. But like, you know, you can, you could put in, you could have a field for the pain level, where the time savings amount. And you could spit out a bunch of like, automated, like, here's our proprietary tool, this will actually generate, you know, the highest level of results in your business or something, you know? Yep. Here's the top three things, top five things that are going to save you X amount of time. These are the most important. I mean, I wonder, I wonder if you could have them. So here's, here's the question mark, I

Unknown Speaker  32:57
thought about having them rank effort as well. But I'm not sure if they're a accurate judge of effort either. Okay, yeah. I mean, time, like time is a reasonable proxy for effort, I

Speaker 1  33:14
suppose. I mean, effort of offloading. So I might be spending five hours a week designing software. But I want to offload it. But that's not. That's not as simple as so does there have to be a grid in this that says, What are the things that you should? Should? You know, do you put this on the list or not? So so this might be like, beyond the scope, right? But in theory, you could have they could list everything they're doing. And then there would be a question or two that would address, like, whether it should be something that they keep right. It would just, yeah, there would be a fork, essentially, in the data that would kill some or the other. Yes, I think maybe one of the problems that people face, I suspect one of the problems people face is that they have this big. Maybe this is actually something that's like round one. And it's like okay, so estimating is so cumbersome. Well, okay. Like, there's a lot that goes into that. Your problem is you haven't broken it down yet. Maybe part of the team members job is to say, Hey, what are actually the components of what are the things that you do as part of it is that you do as part of the estimating process? Yeah. And maybe, maybe, depending on the scale of the business, right, the owner is still having a lot of personal contact with customers. In which case, maybe, maybe the owner stays doing that. But maybe the team member does all the number crunching, you know, or something, right?

Unknown Speaker  35:23
Yep. Yep. So then, there should be, like you said, some kind of criteria for saying,

Speaker 1  35:41
here's how much time here's how much stress? Is this a? Like, is there a separate priority that I, as a business owner have for getting this off my plate? Or do we sort by these? And then they? They say, well, actually, I think these two are the most important after all.

Speaker 1  36:24
So how do you? How do you think about what a business owner typically should be doing? I think the easiest way to think about it is what are all the $10 an hour tasks that I do without thinking that I could have somebody else do?

Speaker 1  36:52
Like it's all about it's, it's okay, there's two concepts that I'm taking around right now. One is the concept of extreme delegation, which is what happens when you go beyond just delegation from top down to delegation as a team culture, company culture. So what happens when team members finally start delegating. The other one is the concept of tactical delegation, which is basically, I think, one of the easiest things to start offloading. And one of the sweet spots for this thing here is there are specific tasks pieces, XY and Z that I'm doing. I'm shooting, I'm shooting over this email and doing this, I'm doing that. And all I need to do is be able to communicate some things to somebody else, and they can make sure it happens.

Unknown Speaker  37:45
Regularly the way that it should. I mean, a business owner. I mean, there's certain things that are really hard to try. So there's team leadership.

Speaker 1  38:10
There's high level judgment, which is kind of all part of the same package there, I guess. But there's sort of judgment type decisions that make decisions leadership. And sometimes there's an integral part of the process they're still doing, because they're so good at it, right. So maybe their people skills are amazing. So they're doing sales, or their design center is so amazing that they're still, you know, creating concepts, or whatever. So it seems to me like, there's probably like a small slate of like, I kind of feel like I'm talking about things that are actually your expertise here. But there's probably a small slate of things that are universally the leader always needs to be doing. And then there's probably, maybe, I don't know, one or two other things, that depending on the scale of the business, it still makes sense for the leader to do because he said that. And so maybe, maybe it's kind of arbitrarily limit like, okay, okay, you can do one thing that's actually sort of meditation type thing. But we can't be having you do sales and design or whatever, like, whatever you're doing that Sure. Can't be dividing you out over multiple things. There's Yeah. I did think about the idea of prioritizing. Even just picking a business area to focus on. Like, why don't you stack rank these four big picture areas? And which one of these like Sacrosanctum which one of these is involving the most of your time was the stress and let's prioritize, and then let's pick with that one. And let's dive into dive into that. Now. potential downside is you may artificially restrict yourself. And there may be substantial other wins in other areas. Okay, sorry, let me go back to what you said. Kind of the big picture big judgment types of things. That's really hard to really hard to let go of, or to hand off, then there is these. Okay, so what you're really saying is there's an inverse scoring that's happening. does this require? Are there pieces of this that do not require big picture judgment? Question number one. Question number two is what was the other piece? Well, the leadership, team, team leadership sort of thing. And then so then the second piece is how much am I the the? Am I the guru for this? Hmm. That makes sense. So in other words, like is the leaders is the owners expertise, a driving force in the business? Yes. So for example, Wes, big, big, big thing for him is quality control. Massive. So where does that come from? Part of it comes from his Well, part of its it's like empathy plus, what I would guess is, well, this is on the Colby, accommodating or initiating implementer. Which means it's got to be solid. And I'm not gonna compromise on it. And plus, he's got experience, he knows what makes it fail. Yeah. And that's what that's what he's after. He's after a 10 year product.

Unknown Speaker  42:25
Which is a SAG now he's basically gone through accidentally, but he's gone through some of Harry's process here, which is why it's worked so well for him. But anyway, you that is it me?

Speaker 1  42:53
Okay, so then there's this question, look at yourself in two ways. Look, it just is there's two ways to look at yourself. One is, you're the leader. And two is your you're a highly skilled expert. Yeah, and those are the two pieces that you're allowed to hang on to. And everything else you have to get off your plate, or you have to plan you have to you have to prioritize about getting off your plate. Yeah. So then. So then a if you just rank them, how much of this is directly related to the leadership of the business? And how much of this is directly related to my unique skill set. And then you you reverse sort them. And so you say 10 times 10 is 100. So if you score something, then we do some math. And nobody really cares about how the math works. But like, if you say something's a one and a one, well, we flip that to a tenant a tenant something is a or maybe we expand it to something is a 10 and a 10. Then you flip it around, and it comes out to zero. And if something's a one and a one, it flips out to 100. And you score these things. And that's where you start. You start on, essentially, if it's if it's not, if it's not a part of not a part of leadership and not a part of his expertise, his or hers, and then it immediately jumps up on the list for things to delegate. Yes. So then there's two scores. There's four things that we're measuring. And maybe it's way too much. I don't know how to cut it down. But there's two big categories. What should what should you do what's delegation priority? Which is what we just talked about those two questions, and what is return on effort?

Unknown Speaker  44:59
We which is, which is which were the first few questions? How much time and how much stress? And so is it sufficient? Can you just take all of those factors? Multiply them out.

Speaker 1  45:17
So whatever is highest priority with the highest game gets out to the top. Right. So the big goal rather than into simple terms, we're just saying whatever is easiest to do that gets us the biggest result.

Unknown Speaker  45:39
And that's the most important reason. Yes. The easiest to do. Now, what has the biggest impact? What is the most important what the biggest impact? Yeah, yeah. Most importantly, nice. Good. Yeah. So the ease is baked into the most impact part of the equation.

Speaker 1  46:08
Well, or its priority on which one, but if, by definition, it doesn't rely on your skill set. And it's not leadership related. And it has to it should be easy. Right, relatively okay. Yeah, so, so just Okay, so what about the sort of accountability implementation element of it? It might actually, maybe it's actually a leadership component? I don't know. But for someone like West who's like, Well, no, look, I still got to drive out to each job when it's being done, because I'm not sure that he does. But hypothetically, let's say he's a little bit of a control freak or something. How are you going to, like, walk him through that? To get through one more, one more time? Sure. So So let's close here, for instance, that a someone like Wes is a control freak. And he's insisting that he's, he's out on every job doing a final inspection or something like that. But it's actually costing him a tremendous amount of time to drive around to each job or something like that. Yes. So what on the sort of the implementation accountability control thing? How do you How would you address that?

Unknown Speaker  47:27
Well, it's a question. Is this a leadership thing? Yes or no? How would you, how would he score that? Okay, yeah. I would hope you wouldn't score it above a seven. Is this a skill set thing? He's probably conceptually still going to put it into six or seven

Speaker 1  47:54
is the time thing. Now that to me, has got to be at least a six or seven. And what's the stress? It could be a one. Or, I mean, I've got friends of mine, where that literally is about a seven. Like, they're white knuckled about people screwing it up. And like, it's just horrible for them. Yeah. So does that put him approximately where he needs to be? It might, it might show up that yes, you have all these other places to save a little bit of time. But this is really where things are at. Now, there could also be a condition saying

Unknown Speaker  48:51
I mean, part of the challenge, okay, here's part of the challenge. Can you this could be a prepass. Can you take any of these things? And can you break them down into smaller

Speaker 1  49:03
pieces? Yeah. We're almost done. Now, let's all right. That's the very definition of what we're doing. So there's this mindset shift, it says no, you can still be, you can still be fully responsible, that every job is done, right. Here's how we're going to define fully responsible, which means your Foreman is going to send you pictures at intervals throughout the project. And when the job's done, he's going to call you, you're going to have a little live video feed. You got to make sure everything feels really good to you, you know, before the crew leaves or something like that. Yeah, the challenge with me I can poke holes in that just for fun versus Of all people won't have video. Second of all, an implementer will only be partially satisfied by anything less than the hands on experience or walkthrough of the project. Yeah, right. But is it not possible that if that's what's actually most important to them, then we'd have the capacity. That that somewhere else, there's something else that's, that's yielding substantial benefit. Or we tell them, we can't help you. Right? So it's like, so we're not dogmatic that you must, you must follow our version of what we think is best for your business will follow what you think is best for your business at some level. Like will work within other words, whatever will work within your hangouts, right? So we'll work around them, we'll work through them. If you have to go to each job site, fine, we'll we'll develop an accountability cadence that has you talking to your team while you're driving down the road. And when you get home, you get to be with your family or something. Yeah, I'm going to have to drop off here, but is it not possible that we would Oh, actually hang on?

Speaker 1  51:42
So, so so so hearing this, this is this could be a potentially major barrier to the if then else.

Speaker 1  52:11
You mean, the issue of the leader hang up on a certain element of what he's doing? Yes. But it may also be true. It's a little bit like me saying, I want to sign off on designs before they go out the door. Yeah. Maybe it's more volume than that? Well, I mean, surely. I mean, I think I agree with your, what you posited earlier that essentially, you know, if the owner has to go inspect every job, well, there's probably other components that you can work on to get enough gain to be worth it. And, you know, maybe with the caveat, right, that he turns out to be a complete control freak, who will not let go of anything he's doing? You know, it's a non non starter, right?

Unknown Speaker  53:10
Will be if should should assume that there's a willingness to delegate. Right, right. Or, or the second F is like, I mean, I think the second if, if you follow our process, which you have to go through the process of actually delegating.

Speaker 1  53:25
Yeah, yeah. You've got to get me fired up. But this whole sort of matrix idea, like I can kind of envision it like, you know, your screen sharing on, uh, you know, your screen sharing and like, as the owner is giving information, like, you know, stuff is popping up on the screen saying, you know, and it's like, uh, maybe it's color coded blue, green, red or something. I don't know, I just I think as a as an owner, you see this materializing in front of you on a graph or on a chart? Whatever? I don't know. I think it could be really pretty powerful. I really think it will, I think it would be I think it would be and it allows them to jump around and brainstorm as well if you have it in this type of a setup.

Speaker 1  54:26
Okay, so, the question becomes, what is the quick and dirty? Like, could you do a quick and dirty word document? That like what if you had a quick and dirty word document that has the matrix and it has the columns and then it has under the each column it has something has has, like, you know, like, like prompters or I don't know what you call it with a comment on that text that has a list of ideas. Or, or you just put prompter straight in the box and you, you delete them as you fill them out. And so you take somebody through the process. Now this doesn't this doesn't do is it doesn't give you the scoring mechanism. Now the other option is some weekend, when I know other things I should be doing. You built, I built out this score, the scoring mechanism, and try to find a way to do a quick and dirty solution that you know, I don't know is a little tiny, a little bit throw away but not throw away enough that I feel horrible. Right? Like, could you get something good enough that you could walk a couple of existing clients through or a couple of guinea pigs? And kind of get a feel for how it works in real time. Yeah. And then I think one of the biggest questions is, do you fill in the scoring as you go? So my, just my off the cuff thought is like, is there a way you can like, create immediate insights, as well as create a big aha, at the end? Can you somehow get part of the results as you go? And then at the end you like you reveal you keep something that they're still wanting to stay on the call for? You know? Yeah, so you build up. Time and stress are counters that add up. But you don't rank you don't show the final ranking by by? Should you or should you not? Until the very end. And it's like, oh, let's run this route. Oh, by the way, we took into account these other things of like, does this I still think there's a little bit of a, hey, let's, let's go get as many ideas down on paper. And then let's figure out how many hours and stuff like we don't want to at any point, we don't wanna interrupt the brainstorming process, when their mind starts rolling. And then we start putting back back in estimates and skill skill questions. And you see the set makes sense. So kind of have a balance of like, allow for a free flowing conversation. But you kind of have a minimum structure that has to be completed in order to generate the final result. Yes. Yeah. Because you got to have some people who really want that free flowing, right? And other people who they want them, they want to see a system in action here. We're going to be implementing systems here, right? Yes. But and it could even be. So if you do hours, and you know, I don't know. hours is probably the most tangible calculator. It could be number of items in hours.

Unknown Speaker  58:41
It just counts up. Now, the other option is we could take stress off of it, but

Speaker 1  58:47
I don't know that we should. I mean, it surely it can't hurt to have like a little stress calculator, you know. And if if the client is like, if you can tell stress is their issue. And then the final result, you talk about stress, and if you can tell that the clients issue is really just time you talk about time, right? Yeah. But isn't it? Could it also be skill level? It's not always it's not necessarily correlated to. I would really like if there would be two things to track not four. I feel like time is a fantastic metric. And you're talking about are you talking about time to offload or time business owner spends currently, the current current time spent? Yeah, yeah. So then the question is is this a leadership role? So the other way would be to say we're not going to rang thesis leadership, we're gonna pick the ones that, you know, check the box if these really has to be you?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:10
Or is it? Or do we? I don't know. Pick the top three, the ones that rely most heavily on you?

Speaker 1  1:00:20
Or you know, it could be it could be fine. It's just a question or maybe does the leader have enough self awareness to realize that it doesn't have to be them or not? Right? It is possible that depending on how good your salesperson is that they could, they could just look at that list of items that are ranked high on time. And just draw a conclusion on which of those has the most opportunity in it. As long as there's a way to do that in a way that you know, looks cool. Okay, so you have, okay, so we say how much time can you save? That's the core pitch? And is that oh, we track? Where's your time going? Don't you still need a prioritization? How do we get the business owner to have a non non biased prioritization of whether this can or should be offloaded? Or is he not capable of doing that? So suppose that this is just I hope I'm not be railing anything here. What another metric was simply so how much time it would take? How much do you enjoy? Is it fun, basically? Yeah. And would that solve for the stress factor? And also help solve for like, whether they're actually like, really good at it? It's a sweet spot activity.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:18
Yes. Okay. So let's see we do time in fun it's a really interesting approximation some people are gonna push back and say, Hey, not practical.

Speaker 1  1:02:39
I guess the answer to that is okay, we'll see how I read well, I think about the thing that you've you've said in past documents and so forth as far as like, you know, the crack cocaine for a founder owner is going back to doing the work that they will. Yeah. So I don't know how to represent ties in here or not, but because despite their attempt to be mercenary, maybe I mean, maybe maybe their crack cocaine actually is being mercenary. But maybe their crack cocaine is not being mercenary. Yeah. It feels like if they are mercenary, you can even pitch them on the time thing pretty easily, right? Because it's like, yeah, well look, if I have 15 hours of your time, per month, I mean, what can you be doing with that and making deals, creating new product lineups or whatever? If it's, like right before you given the last report, or saying, hey, look, we're wanting to look look a little bit at a blend. Like, you don't just want to save time because you're gonna kill yourself when you do that. You're not just gonna have fun because, well, money is kind of an issue too. Here's a slider. What kind of blend Do you want? Are you looking for and they're like, I really want to like, I don't know, I'm making enough money like I want to do 60% fun and 40% time or I should probably let's do 60% time and 40% money. And London, London, London Calc. Okay, based on your on your blend. Like, here's what you should prioritize. I don't know that late. Can we shift it just a little bit more over towards Okay, I'll shift it over. Boom, is what you should be focusing on.

Speaker 1  1:04:54
And that's kind of the wow factor. Oh, nice. Very nice. I mean, that would be, I would think that's been fun to play with, he'd be like, what if I go that direction? What does that mean that we should be doing now? Yes. And then it also gives them a little bit of control over saying this is like it just insulates them from saying, basically, we just tell them up front look, we think fun is an approximation of how, how much this is the right thing for you. But that's not completely accurate, and that we're gonna rank this and we're gonna rank you at time savings. And time savings essentially comes down to how much money you're gonna save by doing this. And so we're going to rank these. And then at the end, at the end of the call, we'll tell you how you can use these to make accurate predictions of how you should be spending your time. And I mean, and we have two numbers. They're simple. They're clean. They're like, I like it. Yeah, yeah. I mean, he's not happy with the way someone is not happy with the way things are going they kind of have a broad oversimplification, but it's kind of a lifestyle or money issue most times as a business owner, right? Yeah, kind of those are kind of the two categories were sort of, you know, attack actually interesting. And it could be the question you want to build a lifestyle business or do you want to build a are you looking to build a moneymaker? Like where you're at right now. And let's be honest, like, so if you if where you're at, you want to if we're hey, if where you're at, you want to crank out some more money, let's let's put the turn the dial over this way. And let's go crank out some money first, and then you can rerun this and you can crank the dial back a little bit next time and etc, etc. I gotta drop off. That last piece is purely golden. I'm excited. Now just a bunch of work to go implement version one, and put something together and we can tinker it from there. Yeah, awesome. Awesome. Cool. Appreciate it. Yeah, my pleasure. Okay, take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai