Matthias Miller  00:07
Recording. Great. Here's Okay, got the agenda too, okay, great,

Speaker 1  00:12
and I can share my screen too, I guess what I wanted to see, if you want to take any notes, we I thought we should do a little review and gratitude. We did that last time. I thought that worked really well, closer and further away lessons learned, and then most of the time is probably on refining the vision. I think we can probably really dig in on what we want to accomplish over the next quarter or so with shed rescue, yep. Okay, great. All right. Do you want to start with the do we need to review anything from last time? I guess the only thing I wanted to touch base on was, are we still looking for a 250k a month offer? Is that still one of the cornerstones we want to use to kind of gage whether we're being successful or not?

Matthias Miller  00:54
I mean, I think that's hyper ambitious. I think, I mean, I do think that's way more doable with CRM implementations than it is with anything else that we've seen, like that's that could be 10 CRM implementations a month, right? Which is aggressive. It doesn't take that. I mean, that's not that, right? Absurd. I as I'm thinking about this, feel like my mindset keeps shifting around business and the the shadow side of of of me is the complexity and learning to simplify and cut through the noise and don't make things hard to sell. And it feels to me like something like a CRM offer sales training or something drop dead simple, like that is what the core business is. And I'm starting to wonder whether shed rescue is going to end up being more of a, let's give back. Like, let's more like, almost like a lab time. Like, yeah, we're going to charge for it, obviously, but it's more like a lab time. Let's give back. Do it, if it's fun, if I like you, maybe I don't know, it just right? Does that make sense? It does. It's the 8020

Speaker 1  02:31
right. 80% is going to be the thing that really makes you the money, and the 20% is going to be the thing that makes you feel good about, well, giving back something like that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:40
and I think, I think maybe it's, it's, it's also, I mean, maybe that's the revenue split, but the time splits 20% on CRM and 80% on happiness, like, right?

Unknown Speaker  02:53
No, that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  02:55
Yes, I think it's something like this. And maybe I'm going to decide, hey, I really love what I'm doing with this blog project, or maybe I want to go. I think the challenge is going to be that if I don't land on something that's crystal clear enough on the lab project side that I may end up burning myself out of it. Well, that's an

Speaker 1  03:22
interesting point of clarity anyway. And I think this is something that I think about a lot and don't tend to achieve, obviously. But I mean ideally, 20% on revenue and 80% on happiness is probably a really great goal. And I think you go to like Tim Ferriss, like the four hour work week and stuff like that. That's exactly what a lot of people are wanting to get. And is that what you are wanting to get? And in which case, you know, one day a week on the thing that really makes you the money in four days to play around with anything that makes you happy, seems like an ideal split for you, potentially. Yeah. And that point of clarity, I think, is actually more effective than this 250k a month goal, at least right now, because, because we could ramp up the revenue goal over time. But what we need to be finding specifically is something that makes enough money to give you the time freedom, potentially, yes, okay,

Matthias Miller  04:20
and I think once you get the offer, I mean, if you really get star business, you nailed star business, and you've got an offer in the economics work, and it's easy to sell, and all the falling off over log, falling off a log, easy, right? Scaling it to 250k a month, busy, that's that's not going to be I mean, no, it's not going to be hard. It's not going to be hard, and maybe we don't even want to scale it that far, like maybe, I mean my personal net worth goal I've I some somewhere in the next where Matt, 20 years I need to stow away probably about 4 million to be happy. Um. Yeah, and, and so a business, a nice lifestyle business like this, for about, I don't know, four to six years is really all that I really need. There's tax and how to protect it. Shannon can help with that, but

Unknown Speaker  05:22
Right? So we have to have it first.

Matthias Miller  05:24
We have to have it first. We have to make sure we don't give Uncle Sam 50% right, right. But yeah,

Speaker 1  05:34
no, that's that's good. So I think we can use that as a point of clarity to maybe, yeah, I'm going to write down some notes further down, but let's but let's go back to gratitudes, because I got us

Unknown Speaker  05:44
off track. Okay,

Speaker 1  05:49
do you want to start? You want me to start? Oh, go ahead. Well, I don't have anything, so let me read. Uh, that's not but I don't have anything. That's a silly thing to say about gratitude. I I really have been appreciating, as I would, I think, more clarity and in the strategy and structure of what we're actually trying to achieve. This stuff makes it much easier for me to think about which questions are worth asking. And you know, if I have some independence on how I'm spending my time, where that where that should go, and also just sort of feeling like we're not stuck in the mud, or, you know, spinning the wheels over and over again, or restarting things every couple of months, and not quite making headway. I think at the very least, this has created a lot of headway in terms of, you know, creating assets that are going to really be usable in the future, regardless of where we go. And I'm pretty happy about that. And I think, personally, I really continue to enjoy working with you. I love having the flexibility and the time freedom. I like the fact that I can be myself, give my opinion, and you don't have to listen to it. And I don't really, you know, not that I don't care if you do. I mean, I appreciate that you care and you listen. But also it's like, you know, this is not my business, but I like being the sort of the rapport I think we have where I can give my opinion, and so that's been a really nice environment for me to work in, and I continue to enjoy that. So those are my gratitudes

Matthias Miller  07:26
for me. Gratitude this maybe, I mean, this is pretty base level, but the fact that we navigated another choppy quarter is a gratitude to me. Yeah, I'll echo what I said about working with you on the equity, the equity intake, the moat map or intake head. What do you want? What would you keep? And I think you're, I'm grateful to have found an assistant who EA, PM, mini me. I don't whatever fair enough that that works, that you work so well, like I don't know you just You understand me. You understand the pitfalls. You're not You're communicative, but not domineering.

Unknown Speaker  08:19
One of my life goals, actually,

Matthias Miller  08:21
well, that's good. I think you do well at it. Thank you. Thank you. Other gratitudes. I think I think relinquishing control of the Facebook profile is another win. I think I I

Matthias Miller  08:44
feel like the can't articulate why, but there's a lot of gratitude. I'm also grateful to have a playground with my blog of like, I yeah, there's fear and gratitude. There's gratitude because I can just go do whatever I want to and who cares. Like stakes are low, I can screw it up. The fear is that now I'm going to see my own patterns replicated over there, which I'll need to fix or recognize that address. Another gratitude too is, I think Alice and I have had conversations over this past quarter, and there's, I feel like there's a deeper respect. I feel like I feel like it's done us, both of us, good to create the distance. It's been good for him to feel the weight of responsibility. It's been good for me to feel free to be only provide the thing that I'm i. Really exceptional at and so I'm grateful for the evolution of that relationship. I'm also grateful for the chance to travel, be at the equity seminar and be at the round table. Those are big yeah shots in the arm for me. Yeah? Oh, Steve Miller podcast. It's another gratitude item. Weren't supposed to have that until this fall, and here it is.

Speaker 1  10:38
Yeah, yeah, absolutely, it's been a very productive quarter. Yeah, absolutely okay, closer and further. So the framework for success and what our current goals were from last quarter, let's see are, we were still working under a 250k revenue, but I think what we really accomplished is probably closer to really defining what the vision is for the business. Great. I think that definitely got us closer to the goals vision. I think you having a playground with the blog, or finding a place that really makes you happy to just go dump all that idea and creativity and action that you want to take. I think that gets us closer. I think that gives you a plate, a plate like that. It's sort of Renaissance time or sort of LA, I guess it's lab time, right? It's lab time for you, and I'm not lab time, Renaissance time consistently before perhaps,

Matthias Miller  11:41
no, and I was trying to bring too much of it into the business, which was what was screwing it

Speaker 1  11:46
up. That makes a lot of sense. Okay, lab time outside business. Yeah, I think that's helped. Yeah.

Speaker 1  12:02
Oh. Yeah, potentially more, potentially more automation. It's a slow start, but not in a bad way. I mean, I think it is always a slow start, like, I mean, thinking Facebook stuff and marketing stuff like, potentially systematizing that, automating that a little bit, or at least having me take it on, right? It frees up time. That's A Closer step

Matthias Miller  12:24
building a system for book publication, which I don't need expect to need to do that often in this industry, actually, but Right? But

Speaker 1  12:35
there's no reason that you couldn't potentially do exactly what you did with frictionless teams, which is just, every once in a while, write a book on the weekend, and then we put it in the system to publish. There's no reason you couldn't do that.

Matthias Miller  12:49
Well, I mean, I'm I'm doing that. Part of the point of the blog is to get my business engineering posts out so that we can republish it into a business engineering book, right? Exactly, which I will be supremely proud of when I when it comes out, because it's same with conversations with Kevin. So I mean, that's not necessarily the business goals. It's personal goals, perhaps doing doing PBS, discoveries and shit happens. Discoveries are definitely moving closer to goals. Okay, having Richard at round table, definitely moving towards goals, deepening that relationship there,

Matthias Miller  13:33
to the ability to judge people as well. Add moment I have a gentleman, I know he's around 30 runs Facebook ads went from homeless to spot, about $10 million worth of generate about $10 million worth of revenue for clients. And met this girl, she kept pressuring to get married. They got married. Day after they got married, she she blocked him on everything. Basically was coming after him for his money. Yeah, the ability to read people is this add moment. I don't know why this is whatever, but the ability to read, read people and find good people is that feels like an 8020 in business.

Unknown Speaker  14:29
I 100% agree with that,

Matthias Miller  14:32
people who won't screw you over.

Speaker 1  14:34
Yeah, absolutely well, and I think the timing, I mean, Micah, happened this corner, this quarter, and I really like Micah, but the timing was off. And so, I mean, it's not just the ability to evaluate people, but also just sort of, potentially the timing. And I don't know, maybe to some extent, Jonathan's in the same boat in terms of none of its timing, or if it's like area of focus, you know, like Jonathan is great and but he's great. In the way that, like he can work, and to try to put him in another place isn't working very well. And so, yeah, I mean, I think those were really good conversations, at least that happened over

Matthias Miller  15:13
this quarter. Yes, Jonathan and I had a very excellent, was quite a come to Jesus conversation, but, but there's an emerging trend of values honesty, kind, but truthful and direct honesty is a core value, and he shares that, and he appreciates that. I think the same between, between you and I, and I think it's also very interesting. I lost me here, but case, I'm gonna keep talking and go get it for my car. The The other very interesting thing is that instinctively, his backgrounds in it, and instinctively I've made I told him, it is where you belong. And I think it's very interesting to see the GHL opportunity emerging. I don't know if it's quite there yet, but Shannon had mentioned about having a sidekick like that and and then to I just locked myself out of the office. Oh no, and he walked around the front. So to, I think we'll see how much my Bluetooth range, my Bluetooth headset has. But to have him show up, or to have some of those opportunities start to emerge in him, having experience with go high level, I think, is interesting, potentially moves us closer, but not clear yet,

Speaker 1  16:36
no, I think so. No, definitely. Is there anything that happened this quarter that got us further away from where we wanted to be,

Speaker 1  16:52
even just maybe a little bit? Did we take any detours, struggling to think here?

Matthias Miller  16:57
And did we Nicks? Yeah, I mean, Mike is still came. We didn't pull the cord. I had, I don't know, I don't know how much of this does, it's legitimate questioning, and how much is just overthinking. We didn't pull the rip cord on or the whatever the eject hit the eject button soon enough on the mica project.

Unknown Speaker  17:20
Okay, I agree with that, yeah.

Matthias Miller  17:30
Definitely, definitely nothing like q1

Speaker 1  17:33
no, definitely like the dealer sales, well, and I think this might have already been talked about with the Jonathan conversations, but I think at least for me, I was knocking on Jonathan's door for like, support that he wasn't really able to give me for probably too long, you know, in terms of, like, SOPs and that kind of stuff. So that was all sort of part of the mica project, perhaps,

Matthias Miller  18:01
I think frictionless teams, that's a life work, Renaissance type of project, and we got some utility out of it, but that time would have been far better spent publishing the It's just strictly linear thought, yeah, publishing the shed rescue book.

Speaker 1  18:24
I agree. But the shed rescue book didn't exist when we started frictions and scenes, if I recall. So I agree with you, but also, like, that's sort of a time travel problem. I think it is a

Matthias Miller  18:37
little bit of a time travel it is a little bit of a time travel problem, although I think, if we had been honest, isn't isn't it possible, if we had, okay, we didn't have the hook for the shit rescue book or even the angle,

Speaker 1  18:54
let me look back, I think we did not have, you were still we Were coming right off of shed Titans, not being viable, I think, for our last and you had written that book over the weekend, or whatever, and we're excited about it. And so that's right, we really, truly, I don't think had you didn't have a shed rescue until, maybe equity or something, until

Matthias Miller  19:19
maybe it was roundtable May, May, beginning of May, right?

Speaker 1  19:23
And so considering considering that, I do think we're actually off on that time, I'm not sure we could have done anything, because it was sort of a transitional it was a traditional moment. I could,

Matthias Miller  19:34
I could make the argument that that should have been a side project, that should have been a blog playground thing, not a not whatever this thing is, sure and the space, I think the hardest thing about 8020 is that 8020 demands you to really do nothing or do little until the right opportunity arrives and the waiting time for. Has generally been the most problematic to me.

Speaker 1  20:02
Yeah, okay, no, that's really fair, because if

Matthias Miller  20:07
you're in the middle of yeah, if you're in the middle of a mediocre opportunity, it's really difficult to extract yourself to get ready for an exceptional opportunity. Absolutely,

Speaker 1  20:23
no, that is true, and that that downtime is it's a good way to put that, okay, so filling downtime instead of preparing for the for the next good opportunity?

Matthias Miller  20:41
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  20:44
I guess would be sort of what happened with frictionless teams.

Matthias Miller  20:48
It was more like and I think the other thing is another lesson, it really is about having a place for the spark to go like, because a lot of that was kind of a mind explosion of like, Whoa, this is so cool. What can we do with it, right? Rather than, which is great for lab and Renaissance, that's what it should be, right? And it would have been awesome for me to publish it locally, if I'm doing a local focus. And here's the book, and now let's sell it. Let me do a book signing, which might actually be a great idea. A great idea. Run a funnel for it, but it's the wrong thing for the business. It should have gone on the ideas list. And then we say, let's reverse engineer where we're going. Does this fit on the grid? No, not yet. Let's wait a quarter. And without the sandbox, I get impatient because I want to do something with it, because it's art that wants to be expressed. Right? With the sandbox, there's room for expression, even if, even if, done poorly, makes sense. No, it

Speaker 1  22:08
really does. So. Lesson learned is we have to have a place for the spark to go, which is now your lab in Renaissance time, or the sandbox, whatever we're calling that and that, if it comes up again. That's how to evaluate it.

Matthias Miller  22:23
Yep, exactly. I like it. I like it a lot. That's a good lesson.

Speaker 1  22:28
Yeah, well, and having some sort of visual picture come into my head, but I think the more on track we get with the business, because I have another lesson learned is, don't feel downtime from anxiety. Prepare for the next opportunity, but the better we get it actually dialing in this business side of things, the more free time you're actually going to have, or like free time, but lab time and Renaissance time, and the more your energy and creativity is going to be freed up on purpose. It's a lifestyle design, right? You want that, and so I like the separation that's starting to come out, because very little of your creative energy is probably going to wind up in this what has to be a systematized, therefore boring, income generating machine. Yeah, it has to be boring.

Matthias Miller  23:18
It has to be boring by definition, absolutely, which is still, I think it's just, this is super big picture context, but it's giving me space for, how do you create, how do I personally create wealth? Which is, let be the visionary, and you find great people who do reason to do well on the quote, quote, boring. And I know you're like halfway between, probably halfway between me, and that

Speaker 1  23:46
I like setting them up, I will get once it's fully systematized, I'll be bored, but, but I think that I consider that to be a good use of my time. Becoming bored is a good use of my time, you know, in terms of setting those things up. So,

Matthias Miller  24:01
so but then using that spark and that creativity and that play in the lab Renaissance stuff to feed back into, how do you, how do you keep it alive, instead of just letting it stagnate? I think

Speaker 1  24:14
that's fair, and I think part of the vision for that, or I guess I would, I would take it up a notch, you know, once it's boring for me, maybe not for you, you know. But once it's boring for me, the next step to make it not boring is okay. Well, how do I how do you build it and, or how do you grow it in such a way that I replace myself, you know? And get right? And so it becomes a growth project. And I think there's always something that you can find, or at least for me, that's not boring, but maybe not for you. And maybe that's the division of duties there, right, which is, generally speaking, I enjoy figuring out how to hire people like it's a puzzle challenge or something, you know, but Right? But maybe that's not where your time needs to be spent once this is up and running. Oh, but maybe, who knows? But maybe. Well, right? I mean, you might enjoy that too. So, I mean, it gives us sort of like a a limited time bound or, you know, goal bound thing to be creative about for a purpose, to become boring again, you know, and just kind of iterate that whole thing.

Matthias Miller  25:14
That whole thing exactly, okay.

Speaker 1  25:18
I like it. So in refining the vision, I think we've basically said 250k months are still pretty good, but we're not necessarily shooting for that by December. At this point. We're probably shooting for an 8020 time split. Is that a better

Matthias Miller  25:35
I think that's something like that. Okay. I mean, I think we're obviously, we're still trying to hit the round table, goal, skin in the game, guarantee, which I think is somewhere around half, half a million annually, which is 40, 48k months, or something like that.

Speaker 1  25:58
Well, actually it's, well, it's Go back, go back, go back to that. Because I don't think I have that written down anywhere. So we're trying to, this is a roundtable

Matthias Miller  26:05
goal. Yeah, roundtable goal was to add 180k in additional consulting revenue over last year, last year having been right around, I mean, I've been hanging around 240, to two. What's 25 times? Just to 300 a year. Just 20 to 25

Unknown Speaker  26:34
Wait, let's see I did that backwards. It's

Matthias Miller  26:37
20 to 25 a month. Is where I've been hanging around at okay? I as kind of the baseline, and then adding 180k a year, this year on top of that.

Speaker 1  26:50
So that's been measuring the the track, or the progress

Matthias Miller  26:55
on that I have, it's not good.

Speaker 1  27:01
Do you want to add? So here's something for later, because I have some like KPI goals in here, but it, do you want to be accountable to this goal? Or is this sort of like an intention? I mean, is it something that you like to achieve or

Matthias Miller  27:18
good to be accountable? I mean, I think, but at the same time, I don't know how to be, I mean, quote, quote, don't know. Like, yeah, I could go, there are things that fall would fall, that are falling through the cracks, that would probably not fall through the cracks if I were accountable to this goal. IE, sales, follow ups that really should be happening. And I mean, maybe even a little bit more energy and trying to figure out how to get my head in the game after vacation, which always takes a couple days, but I'm still impatient with,

Speaker 1  27:55
yeah, we had a little bit of built in downtime, I felt because we scheduled this today too, right right after vacation. So I yep, that's fair. I think potentially, in my mind, 180k of consulting revenue. Is that a different goal than the is that is shed rescue goal overall, like, if you're making this from shed rescue, we're good. So it doesn't matter if you're doing CRM implementation,

Matthias Miller  28:27
it doesn't matter where it comes from. Yeah, I can that's fair, as long as I keep splitting the focus. Whatever I mean, that goal, as far as roundtable is concerned, is just, let's go get the money. Okay, and obviously, if I'm saying no, I'm not going to do something that is advised in round table, because it's going to compromise something else. I'm sure that jeopardizes the guarantee, but I haven't seen any reason why that would

Speaker 1  29:00
well, I think, I think switching the mindset to everything we do needs to be an entry point to shed rescue is a good mindset shift anyway. I think it makes work a little bit more coherent, and then keeping track of the things that you've done this quarter that I haven't been paying too much attention to. I think I would propose that we kind of put that into a framework of, okay, well, you've been doing things with sheds unlimited and CSC as delivery, but then how do we look at the other like client success and client retention and follow up and all of that stuff, but we put them in the shed rescue sort of bubble, and we kind of create those relationships over time. And I don't think that's a bad thing to do. And I think that kind of retroactively gives us a lot of wins on shed rescue over last quarter that we weren't thinking of, or at least I was. It's true in that way.

Matthias Miller  29:53
Well, I just got my first I don't know that it's going to quite be this, but I mean, I got my first gig at. My target hourly rate at a minimum. That's amazing. Maybe even better, it is a huge win. Advising CRM implementations for is just stupid simple for me.

Speaker 1  30:13
So first engagement at Target hourly rate, put that in some wins and make a win category. Should have that anymore. Yeah, no, that's really great. Well, so let me also kind of drop that down to entry points. Let's see last quarter retroactive client list for shed rescue. Okay, okay. No, I think, if that makes sense to you, I think we should kind of move on. But that, I think, to me, is a better so we're going to keep adding 100 and k1 80 KX consulting revenue for the year. Does that end at December? Yeah. Okay.

Matthias Miller  30:59
Um, something else that I'll add, I'll note with the whole big vision, but if CRM implementation and subscriptions is actually it's not clear to me at the moment.

Matthias Miller  31:18
I know we've, in the past, been a huge advocate of network effect type of businesses. I think if, by anyway, there's some pros and cons to having shed rescue be the hub, but I'm I think it's fine to leave it as it is now. Let's not reinvent it.

Speaker 1  31:40
No, I was gonna say, is there any, is there any reason why? To me, the question would be, is there any reason we couldn't change it later if it doesn't work? Have we fundamentally made an error, or do we just refine it as we go?

Matthias Miller  31:52
I don't think we. I think there's the only thing, the only path I see that we might consider is if, if the CRM, for whatever reason, happens to be so wildly successful that we just want to double down on that and basically not do shed rescue at all. Okay,

Speaker 1  32:08
so then we change, to me, I'm looking at it as a systems perspective. It doesn't have to be shed rescue client retention. It can be client retention for anything. So they think, if we look at it under the umbrella of a business, all of these clients should now be in some sort of, I don't know, client success, retention, engagement, or, you know, communication system that we have. We should be keeping in touch with them. You should be looking for opportunities to work with them again, sell the new things. Yes, and I'm not sure. I'm not sure how well that's happened before, so yep, and maybe Yeah, we don't have to call it shed rescue, but we have shed rescue. So that was where my head was at, I guess. Yep, I like it good. Okay, cool. Let's see, um, core values. Some wins using Mote mapper. Is there a reason that at this point we should look at Mote mapper, or should we just kind of start jumping into shed rescue strategy and see where we're at? What would you like to do?

Matthias Miller  33:10
The number one thing that I want to note from Mote mapper is that our biggest vulnerability right now is funnel and email list and nurture and lead nurture. Okay? And that's, that's it. That's all like you want to Okay, yep, and we can come back to it later.

Speaker 1  33:30
I like that. And I also think something to think about as we're going through the strategy discussion then, is if we expand our shed rescue client list to the four or five or six people you've worked with over this quarter, it seems like a lot. Seems like there's a lot of people, and we start looking at people that you've worked with in the past as potential all you know past clients of shed rescue. I wonder if that mitigates that risk a little bit, because we transitioned just slightly from kind of online list building to client retention as a income generator. But I agree. I mean, right there, right? According to moat mapper, and especially starting with a new offer, we do not have those things built up yet. So the

Matthias Miller  34:20
retention, yeah, exactly right. That's a very good point.

Speaker 1  34:24
Yeah, so it's very okay. I'm doing a current revenue statements. Maybe we put this at the end to see if we want to update this at all. So let's just go into shed rescue strategy. You need to break it all good. Okay, let me paste that there for

Speaker 1  34:49
what is this? Just text. Okay, sorry, having problems with my notes. Okay, so here's what I have. Is a are you looking at the agenda? Should I share my. Screen. At this point,

Matthias Miller  35:01
I lost the agenda. I can, I

Unknown Speaker  35:04
can share my screen.

Unknown Speaker  35:08
Yes,

Matthias Miller  35:11
got it now. Okay,

Speaker 1  35:14
well, I've got a big overview idea. I wanted to talk about entry points, since that's our newest thing, I want to talk about our marketing plan. After we get into some entry points, I want to talk about the discovery engagement plan, which we may bump that in favor of CRM, potentially. But my initial thought was we could really scope that out and figure out what the offer is and what you're selling. Maybe we do that with CRM instead, yep, we look at sales. So again, depending on what we're focusing on here, creating just sort of a menu of services or sales script or something very solid for you to fall back on, to just say, this is what we do. This is how much it costs. This is what we can, you know, customize, etc, how we're going to deliver the thing. And then talk, and we talked about the mini book already, talk a little bit about how the shed Expo is going to fall into that. And then discuss whether or not frictionless teams fit in, fits into anything we're doing, or if we're going to do something completely different with that. And then I had some other like tasks that had gone through. So I think entry points is a good place to start. Yes. Okay, so do you like the entry points idea? And if so, does that really change? To me, it changes the concept of what we're doing in a positive way. It really ties things together for me.

Matthias Miller  36:40
So it's like a hub, and spokes really, yes, exactly, so. And then let's just continue adding entry points to get people in the I mean, conceptually, network effect. Love, love, love the idea, right? And the marketing side, I don't want to do a start a marketing agency, but I would love to sell an independent, third party marketing

Unknown Speaker  37:00
audit, right? And

Matthias Miller  37:03
it should technically probably be included in the discovery, which might raise the price, but having that as a one off, I think, is

Speaker 1  37:11
great. So a marketing audit, is that what we're looking at? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  37:15
Facebook, Google Marketing audit, okay?

Speaker 1  37:20
Because there's enough CRM under. Out of curiosity, I was kind of trying to figure out our six, six things according to DIY shed rescue, would CRM be under the marketing, or under the sales, or kind of a marketing, sales?

Matthias Miller  37:33
I think most people think of it under the sales side. I think update that, sales, training, sales, oh, we have that. Yeah, free Friedman's German, F, R, I,

Speaker 1  37:45
E, oh, that's fair. I have the link in there. I just didn't

Matthias Miller  37:50
know Matthias. That's all good. Just nitpicky. That's all no ops entry point hiring a hiring like Megan. Houston, I think, has a really robust it's more tailored towards online businesses, so that's the glitch, but has a really robust training playbook of like, it costs like two grand, K, U, E, T, H, E, N, is your last name, U,

Speaker 1  38:25
T, H E n, that's not right, yeah, okay, it is

Matthias Miller  38:29
so white labeling something like that.

Unknown Speaker  38:37
Okay,

Matthias Miller  38:40
it's a big need, by the way. I mean, yeah, we saw what the hiring giveaway did just early in key one right

Speaker 1  38:54
there. Well, I skipped logistics, finance and admin, just because I thought maybe by the time we get to get to those entry points. We might not want to enter there, but that was just sort of an assumption on my part. But if you have logistics, finance and admin entry points, we can add them. Logistics,

Matthias Miller  39:09
if it would be, it'd be something like reputation management, review, collection, finance. It would be like a, either cash flow management or a Profit First thing, or, like a, but I just, I think it has to be some kind of white label service with, I know game and accounting, G, E, H, M, a n accounting does a lot of GE H, does a lot of work with shed companies, and there could potentially be, could be kind of a JV relationship on the finance side. Scott Hoover, H, O, O. Well, just like the Hoover Dam is also has, like, fractional CFO types of stuff, okay, and I don't know if he's in the space admin. I mean, the closest to this is, like, how to hire an assistant, maybe an SOP for an assistant for a shed company or something, like job description, or something like that, like a subset of the hiring guide I just don't see, right? I mean, or how to use project management in your I don't even know, like it's so

Speaker 1  40:32
that one's kind of nebulous. So whatever, I wouldn't, yeah, I would probably not. Maybe, potentially, we could eventually do some sort of admin consulting. I mean, I can do stuff like that. I have done stuff like that, but I don't know that doesn't seem like totally appropriate for what we're talking about at this point, like a five years down the line, what else can we add type thing?

Matthias Miller  40:54
Right? Exactly, exactly.

Speaker 1  40:57
Yeah. Okay. Well, so here's what I think we should work on the CRM idea, because that seems like the best idea we have with the idea that we maybe we flush out the CRM idea, we start implementing that, working that, and if that's working, then we we start adding these spokes over time.

Matthias Miller  41:24
I agree. So what? What will be our endpoint for I'm not concerned about if it works, but how will we know it's not working? Okay?

Unknown Speaker  41:38
First focus. CRM,

Matthias Miller  41:42
here's another little leadership lesson, insight, whatever like isn't mean it's sunk cost fallacy, it's all this other kinds of stuff, but one of the hardest things for people to do is to know clearly when something's not working, and to pull the plug like that's, if there's one, don't lose money. Rule, it's probably

Speaker 1  42:07
that absolutely. Well, okay, so I would go back to our first vision, or to our vision, I'd say 8020 time split, and 180k of consulting revenue by December. And so we know it's not working if it's not getting us there first of all. So, I mean, it's not working, okay, this is going to be a little bit of an adjustment, because you're the first you're the person that's going to implement. CRM, right. So, I mean, what kind of time investment are we talking about here for you in the first place?

Matthias Miller  42:38
I mean, to get it done. I mean, this can become my main work really.

Speaker 1  42:43
Oh, well, I agree. But say we've got like 10 of these in a month, it is that really taking up realistically, 80% of your time, and we're giving you a 20% lab time split then. I

Matthias Miller  42:52
mean, I think it's probably something like that, but at that point, yeah, if we really get 10 a year at 10 grand a piece, um, anyway, and some of that you know, Jonathan, can help tactically. We need your help project managing. So there's a lot that we can do with the team that we have, but that's going to be, that is going to be, that is going to be my life, then I think at 10am?

Speaker 1  43:23
I wrong? I don't think so. And I guess there's a there's an evolution of that, right? Because, yeah, probably like, do we say up to 10 a month is your main focus, right? And then, and then after that, your main focus has to be delegating that stuff out, or systematizing it to

Matthias Miller  43:42
get, yeah, and I think it's just, it's condensing everything. It's, it's, here's the project plan, like, or here's the GPT for the custom project plan. Here's the and then here, instead of a 90 minute onboarding call, it's a 15 minutes like, here's what's going on, or check in, or whatever, right? Somebody else does the demo does the walkthrough. I mean, it's just condensing all that down to it's really taking that 80% shoving it down to 40% so we can go up to 20, yeah, if we're really focused on growth, and then at that point, shrink the shake it down again so you can go to 40.

Unknown Speaker  44:23
Yeah,

Speaker 1  44:25
no, I think, I think that makes sense. So the time investment up front makes sense. Do what's the well, we won't know that. So how we know it's not working? I suppose the first thing we know it's not working is you're not busy enough. Maybe,

Matthias Miller  44:44
well, I'm spending too much time on trying to generate leads, or, like, inordinate amount of time to and spending sales calls and marketing funnels versus delivery, right? Okay, it's a very obvious thing. Okay, yeah.

Speaker 1  45:01
And cash in the bank, potentially cash in the bank. I think that's fair and but over time, though. So I mean, how much time in your mind do we give this to ramp up, to get some traction? So by the end of 60 days, 90 days, 180 days. Okay? If you want

Matthias Miller  45:23
be conservative, you give 30 days for you give 30 days to start getting leads in, right? You give another 30 days to start convert a few of those, right? And if it's 60 days we haven't closed at least two, right? Something's really, really wrong, right,

Speaker 1  45:50
right? Well, no, I would agree something is fundamentally wrong.

Matthias Miller  45:53
That's a very cons. But, and that feels to me very conservative. It's very conservative trying to curb my hyper optimism here.

Speaker 1  46:02
Well, and I'd say I agree with that. I mean, that's a good thing. If we haven't closed at least two, this just isn't going to work for whatever reason, like, something's really wrong if you haven't closed at least five, depending, well, depending on how many we how many leads you have, I guess. I mean, maybe it's that that's a percentage, but, but

Matthias Miller  46:21
see if I can close. Here's the other thing. I know, this is not and when to stop, but if I close five, that's 4500 a month in recurring revenue that we still need to support, but, but I mean suddenly, like, really, if we could get 30 CRM clients, then I've got the lifestyle business. And then I have to make sure I if I want to grow, I need to make sure I stay tapped into ambition. Don't get lazy, right?

Speaker 1  46:51
Well. And then we need to probably have some, some little intermittent checkpoints in there, because I yeah, if you were to close five within 60 days, you'd be super happy with the revenue. But then we would our scramble point would be, how do we support all of this? How do we deliver it upfront? But then how do we what is the support need? And we can flesh this out, I guess, as we go through. But what are we really supporting? What needs to be supported? How are we doing the client success piece? Because if we lose those people after a year contract or whatever, that's not helping anything. I mean, no, it's not, but it's not what we want. So, so we need to be developing in tandem as and this is something that I don't know. This is something that I think, from my perspective, historically, I haven't picked out too much, and so I have this sort of black hole of knowledge. But once you get a client, once you start delivering, I don't really know what you do, and I don't really ask too detailed, because I don't have to know usually, but in this case, I'm going to have to know Yes. And so we'll have to develop some communication around that, and give me some time to wrap my head around what the what the system is that we're selling these people what they expect of us and how we deliver that. Great. Agreed, okay, so set up the support systems, which means that on the front end, the clearer we are about what we're selling them, the easier it is for me to systematize that. So, agreed, okay, I like it. So we know it's not working. If we're not busy enough, I guess I so cash in the bank.

Matthias Miller  48:32
Okay, so this is clearly not working. That's easy. But what about the, what about the Michael Limbo kind of thing? Like it's, it's, it's, it's a carrot. This is like three feet out, like, Yeah,

Speaker 1  48:50
well, in this scenario, selling CRM, HubSpot transitions. What are we calling them? CRM,

Matthias Miller  48:57
yeah. Implementations, migrations, okay, migrations from HubSpot CRM implementation for new ones. Either way, it's an implementation. But okay,

Speaker 1  49:06
well, already, right there. That's two services, not one. Like new implementations are different than HubSpot migrations, correct? So here's where I'm going to already be like, well, what are we focusing on? Yeah, right. And because HubSpot migration is probably, I mean, maybe on the back end support, it's going to wind up being pretty similar for me, but on the delivery it's not. And then I think probably on some of the initial support, it might not be, depending on what you sell them. So

Matthias Miller  49:35
Well, okay, so taking two giant steps backwards. It's a question of HubSpot implementation is probably easier to sell, right? Because you're selling against HubSpot, not against shed geek marketing and the E impact marketing and

Speaker 1  49:52
exactly coming from HubSpot, it's going to feel cheaper and easier. Yes, yeah, I agree.

Matthias Miller  49:59
But. Your pool is going to be substantially lower, like, I don't know what the pool size is, right, but it is going to be a lower pool size. But still, let's go back to the goal. If we can find, find 100 people using HubSpot, and we can, this is aggressive, but if we can convert 30 of them, now we have MRR, that's really interesting, right? And it might be a good first step goal. And so, yeah,

Speaker 1  50:27
I think honestly, if you could convert five to 10 of them, you already have a huge step forward in your business that we can grow on. I mean, you, if you're saying that, we get $4,500 a month in recurring revenue, if you get five of those potentially 100 people closed

Matthias Miller  50:47
Nine 900 a month, is what I've been selling. Oh, 900 a month. Okay, so the 45 was five times

Speaker 1  50:52
nine. Oh, I gotcha. Okay, so that's just 4500 basic, okay, uh, even still, if you close five of them, we have a we have a business. You have a business, right? It's happening, yeah, it's happening. You've got clients. We're supporting them. You're selling things. And so then you can choose to, like, you know, you exhausted your 100 leads. You only got five of them. Okay, well, then do we? Do? We vertical or horizontal? You know, go from there in terms of our offers, right? Yeah, and that might also depend on, well, here's the thing, I'm a little risk averse, I guess, in general, in my life, depending on where I'm at. But I'm looking at it in the growth factor too, of if this is an entry point to shed rescue, then what if we have two or three of those people that want discoveries, or that wants sales training, or that want marketing, and so then we're focused on trying to deliver several different things. I'd rather deliver several different things to five people than to have 30 people. And then, you know, be trying to do that. So I don't necessarily think that's a bad idea no matter, no matter what,

Matthias Miller  52:00
well, I mean, but isn't it true, though, that we don't have the information, we don't have the information yet to make that decision? So

Speaker 1  52:08
I agree, yeah, and I guess that's my point. Was, we would be getting it as we go along. So potentially, five people in HubSpot migration, if you know, three of them want other stuff is is a lot more lucrative than than

Matthias Miller  52:22
what we're thinking, right? Well, if we can sell a few of them on a 36k a year

Speaker 1  52:27
pitch, right? That's what I that's what I meant, yes, I mean, there's a different financial calculation in there. It's at least $4,500 a month. But potentially, you would think, out of five people, at least one of them, you could upsell on some other kind of support package.

Matthias Miller  52:43
Yes, agree, okay, and there's, and there's potential custom integrations and other things like that that might get developed

Speaker 1  52:50
as part of that. Yes, agreed. So right, because this is the spoke in the wheel, and then they become a client, and then we work for them. So yes, so can we put initial implementation offers on hold for now? We can go on circle back to that, I guess, but, or is that something that you want to be ready to offer right out of the gate?

Matthias Miller  53:11
Well, I think what we here's my thought, is we market HubSpot migrations fairly aggressively, but if a new implementation falls into our lap, right, I would be a little hard pressed to say, I mean, not all money is good money, but seems a little dumb to say, No, We're not doing that right now, but maybe I'm,

Speaker 1  53:42
no, I think that's fair. Is it functionally very different from the HubSpot migration?

Matthias Miller  53:47
No, okay. I mean, the main thing is, they might not have email sequences and other things like that, but that's also a great thing to sell them like, right? Maybe we want to come up with a rather than, and I don't know how everybody else does it, but rather than snippets that you paste in, like, what if we build you a 30 day nurture sequence that's specific, specifically custom to you based on, like, we feed in your blog posts and anything that you have already your website, and it generates stuff in your tone and style, like, why not?

Speaker 1  54:22
Well, why not add that on even to HubSpot migration?

Matthias Miller  54:25
Why not add that on to HubSpot migration? So here add ons.

Speaker 1  54:31
There you go. Custom There we go. So we've got a HubSpot migration initial implementation. I'm this is, I jumped down a little bit, but I like that. Okay? Would we end up in a Michael limbo, in a HubSpot migration or new implementation? Was the question I was on. Well, I think that's why we would.

Matthias Miller  54:52
I think the thing would be, the biggest thing would be, if we've got, okay, here's, here's one realistic scenario, we get two. People interested in all of their contracts expire in February, right? And so, well, why do it now? I don't know. I mean, there's all kinds of reasons to do it or to but we wouldn't

Speaker 1  55:17
be involved with those people to the level of Micah. I mean, they would be a lead in our in our program, and they just be sort of a wishy washy one. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  55:27
it's scope and pricing. So as long as scope and pricing is fine, there probably isn't that much, or marketing really sucks and isn't generating good leads. And always a lot, I don't know where it's like, people seem to have, seem to express interest, but they're not pulling out their card.

Speaker 1  55:46
Okay, so let's jump down. Then to our boy, what does that fall into our sales plan? Because, to me, that's a sale like, if you're I'm a sales person in that scenario, then I just do my follow ups and I let them go right, here's

Matthias Miller  55:59
where, here's where I'm very, I'm very interested in this process to re engage with that Upwork guy on on Prospect journey. Or maybe you've This is probably one of your many geeky obsessions, but mapping out the prospect journey of for these people. But yeah, you're right. Like a good system, fine. I'm sorry. Don't apologize. I'm trying to poke holes in it. It's not working.

Speaker 1  56:35
Fair, yeah, that's fair. My systems are pretty bulletproof, actually. Let's see. Okay, so we know it's not working if we're not busy enough, if the cash in the bank isn't there, if the systems aren't keeping up with demand, which is one thing I typed in as we were talking just in terms of if we're outpacing ourself and everything is going to fall down, we need to take a

Matthias Miller  56:57
beat. Okay, let's do first focus, can we in the mica limbo? So move HubSpot migrations and new implementations. Okay, first focus is CRM, HubSpot migrations.

Unknown Speaker  57:13
Okay, you want me to under here, like, doesn't

Matthias Miller  57:15
it wouldn't it make sense to say HubSpot migrations up here. Yeah, yeah, don't say no to or probably don't decline new implementations, okay? And then Mike Limbo is basically it does not exist,

Unknown Speaker  57:34
right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  57:37
shouldn't exist with a process system, sure. Okay, yep, agreed, yeah. And I'm jumping down. So I jumped down a little bit using this, we'll come up with whatever marketing plan we need to do. And then sales script. I jumped in a little bit to media sales process. Our menu of services is HubSpot migration, initial implementation, add on. So I'm jumping down a little bit to sales, but I'm getting

Matthias Miller  58:04
a little ahead of myself. But if we get 10 a month, if we have lead flow for 10 a month, we can hire a dedicated salesperson for this, yeah, and they can make really good money, and you just pay my commission on the on the implementation, right? Oh, that would be amazing. Well, and I think that's, yeah, I don't think

Speaker 1  58:26
you're getting ahead of yourself. That's part of what I was trying to, kind of get to too, and then not busy enough, because we probably need you to, we probably need you here, let's say so we need Emma. We need you to get to 10 a month, and then while we're getting to 10 a month, we need to develop systems that support 10 a month, including sales, marketing, back end, support. That's not exactly what I want to just put support,

Matthias Miller  58:59
but by the way, side note, Jonathan would be available to help. I think if we have the idea of him doing it ish stuff on the back end, he would be willing to plan sweat equity on building the funnel. So then outsourcing sales could be outsourced, right? That's the most logical thing to outsource.

Speaker 1  59:20
I think so. I think that, well, that takes the initial burden off of you. And I think going from 80% of your time doing 10 a month back down to eventually 20% of your time being bored again, I think sales is the first thing to outsource there, right? And then potentially, potentially something else, depending on what we wind up offering, you know, a lot. And I think is that what you meant by like, Jonathan could then really be the person who's doing a lot of that anyway.

Matthias Miller  59:49
Like, couldn't we? I mean, this could basically turn into an intake form. Like, what numbers do you want to pour do? What? Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Okay, here it is. Here's the timeline. Here. Here's the projected date we have this window for porting all this stuff. Send it over to Jonathan. Check, check, check, check, this got done, this got done, this got done, this got done, this got done. And here's the access we need and all the different places. Here's your agency, here's your Facebook, website, all that stuff. Push it over to Jonathan. Jonathan, go do it. You, and you and your assistant, however you want to do it. Get it done. Send it back. Boom, done, yep. And I think there's a very there's possible world there in which Jonathan can, if Jonathan wants this is the thing that just drives me bonkers, is how much need there is for really good agency. And

Matthias Miller  1:00:49
and I don't want to do it, and I feel like Jonathan, I think there's a world in which Jonathan could do it right. I just wish to be solved. I'd be happy if Jonathan could. But anyway, there you go.

Speaker 1  1:01:04
No, I not for us to solve. I agree. I'm gonna say T delivery is just sort of a broad category here. But then,

Matthias Miller  1:01:14
Oh, one other thing on the on that funnel I was talking about, what they ended up doing was selling a $5 GPT, custom GPT that gives a custom CR like that gives a custom plan for the client.

Speaker 1  1:01:30
Oh, wait no, sorry, I was typing, what now? Sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:01:35
the video ad, plus retargeting plus an offer. Oh, yeah, okay, uh huh, what they were selling was a $5 GPT for a custom plan that generates a custom plan so you chat with it that comes with the customer custom plan. So nice. That could be an interesting anyway, that's interesting. File away. We'll get to that when we get to lead gen,

Speaker 1  1:01:56
okay, no, that's, that's really fair. Okay, okay, so we have multiple entry points into what we're currently calling shed rescue. We're going to focus on the CRM sales, say, for this quarter. I mean, I'm assuming this is a quarterly conversation. So our quarter focus is CRM, which is realistically HubSpot migrations, which is what we're going to market for. So uh, this, and we're not going to say no to new implementations. The core work of that is realistically going to be we need to get to 10 clients. I don't know if we will by the end of the quarter, but while we get to 10 clients, you are shouldering the bulk of the work, which probably includes creating an intake form for Jonathan. Probably, I mean, while you're doing it, you can be because obviously, Jonathan and I don't work together, apparently. So that's hard to be on me, both of you guys, yeah, so, um, but I think, you know, you just, you can do that with GPT. Probably right. Just be like, Okay, this is what I'm doing, create a form and then and get that kind of set up for Jonathan.

Matthias Miller  1:03:06
I think so, I think it can be pretty straightforward, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:03:10
And so what we might run into over the quarters, we're just not busy enough, but we have an expectation that it probably takes 60 days to get really ramped up on selling anyway, so cash in the bank isn't there, whatever that realistically winds up meaning, but

Matthias Miller  1:03:27
I mean it just means spending an inordinate amount of time and money on sales and marketing, right, without without closing, because presumably, if it's priced right, the cash in the bank issue isn't going to happen,

Speaker 1  1:03:39
right? So we're saying that. I mean, July, August, basically in September, we should expect, if we're on track, that we could close a decent amount of sales by the end of September, and then the bank, yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:03:53
by the way, keep in mind that we have the shed Expo in September.

Speaker 1  1:03:57
Yes, that's actually we'll get to putting actually, that's a good call. Map out calendar for a quarter and goals. Because, I mean, we're a week into July too. So, I mean, it's all rough. It's all rough. Exactly, going to be a 90.

Matthias Miller  1:04:19
I mean, the advantage of September is that you can actually, like, if this is actually our offer and it's sticking, like we could go all in on CRM stuff there,

Speaker 1  1:04:30
yeah, absolutely that, absolutely I like it, and hopefully, by going through all of this anyway, I guess we didn't talk about that, that's a good call. If this is going to be our quarter focus. It doesn't mean that we couldn't map out some potential things for you, for shed Expo, in terms of other entry points, you know. I mean, we could kind of have a sales sheet, if you'd like that you could bring as a flyer, you know, talk, I think about X, all of these things. Yeah, go ahead. Now I was gonna say, or you're right, like we could be rocking and rolling on this, and this becomes the offer. But anyway, continue. Here's another

Matthias Miller  1:05:05
interesting idea, sell them like they like to buy. So wouldn't it be interesting to have a little catalog, like these guys are so used, especially the especially Amish, especially the Amish now, why are we selling them? CRMs, I don't know, but, but even across the board, the idea of a of a product catalog that they can flip through. Like, wouldn't it be interesting to have, like, a catalog and like, first picture is like the hub and spokes and then maybe this just ends up being so confusing, but they flip through and they're like, I feel like this is too like a confused buying doesn't buy, and it's too many options, but

Speaker 1  1:05:55
that's fair. I think this is also exactly what the mini book is actually trying to achieve. So we either turn that into a catalog, or we use the mini book for the same thing, because it really does go through. It's the DIY shed rescue. And then all of these things become points at which they can talk to you, right? If they have fires in any of these areas, they talk to you. And so maybe we kind of refine the mini book based on that too, which becomes, we don't have to put the Hub and Spoke picture in there. Because, yeah, you don't necessarily need to explain to people how you're selling them things, I guess, like, realistically, you know, anything they want to talk to you about is an entry point, and that becomes the the catalog, or that, that mini book, or, I mean, yeah, I like it. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:06:39
Well, we don't have to, right? We'll have to decide shed Expo right now. It also seems like having a single, clear message for the shed Expo, which I think we can, we can decide probably mid August or end of August even, and then, and then, I still, maybe I'm wrong, but maybe I'm wildly off. I just, I still think that if there's any way we can capture 90% of the of the I don't know, like, if you have to scan your badge to get the stress ball, and I don't know if that's the thing, but if we can get 90% of the contacts and just build a list, even if it's not buyers, that that's still probably one of the most, still an expensive way to buy names, but it's still a valuable way to a good use of the event.

Speaker 1  1:07:37
It is. Yeah, there's also, let's see. We should talk about shed rescue at some point in here. Shed rescue or not, shed risk, shed Expo. There's also that sort of the mindset shift of, depending on where we are, this is a really good place to listen, not just so and so there's probably a selling message that you want to have, but maybe there's a way that you want to capture listening. And maybe part of the reason, or they would give you your email address, and you could collect a list, is if you gave them, you know, be like, just, just tell me. Tell me what is wrong, and let me help you. You know, just sort of like, give me your top number one thing right now, fill out this form, give me your email. I'll send you an email back and give you some thoughts or something along those lines. But that's also just a market research tool like, what are people really struggling with right now in this sector in their own words? And that can be very valuable for our marketing

Matthias Miller  1:08:34
Well, is there a way that, whether it's I

Matthias Miller  1:08:44
if they would just put down their name and phone number or something. And I mean, you could do the six spokes like, where's where. Where are you facing the biggest challenge in your business? Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, marketing, sales, whatever. And then what is your biggest what would you say is your biggest challenge?

Speaker 1  1:09:10
Make it a visual form? Is that too weird? Like have them? You could pass out highlighters and a piece of paper and just be like, but your name and your email address and your phone number, and then just highlight the spokes and highlight, like, your level of distress, and like, just kind of silly.

Matthias Miller  1:09:29
And then just, and just don't make them, and then

Unknown Speaker  1:09:32
have to write anything down.

Matthias Miller  1:09:34
Would you like free? Would you like a free call to a free right or not? Whatever the equivalent is, maybe free, some people say isn't good, but a paid for consulting call right on this issue, right?

Speaker 1  1:09:50
Or if we're gathering their email address, maybe we could offer them. We could probably offer them, like, let me send you an email of my top five recommendations. Recommendations for this area. It could be very generalized, right? But be like, if your main fire right now is in sales, let me send you an email with my top five recommendations for sales, something like that. Yep,

Matthias Miller  1:10:14
that could be an easy way,

Speaker 1  1:10:15
right? But, and then, I mean, we could have a place on there that they could write something if they wanted to. But realistically, a highlighter in about 10 seconds should get you

Matthias Miller  1:10:27
that we need a way to tie it back to the person. But yes, well, right? They

Speaker 1  1:10:31
need to write their name down, obviously, in their information down on the top. But all I meant was they don't have to, like, sit there and write a whole bunch of stuff. It could just be, right. Okay? Okay, that's down in shed Expo now, so that's also under some marketing stuff maybe, okay, I think we can move on to marketing from where we're at because we kind of have a handle on what we're doing. What do you think?

Matthias Miller  1:10:55
I think that's let me, let me, let me. Just do one more skeptical run, okay, I think,

Matthias Miller  1:11:14
I think basic, I think the basic answer is, for somebody who sees possibilities everywhere, like I could kind of feel the physiological nervousness of narrowing in

Unknown Speaker  1:11:29
fair okay,

Matthias Miller  1:11:30
but we don't. And statistically, if I want to play this, to put statistical hat on, statistically, we have a very low data set, so we haven't proven exclusively that this is the best path. Although we do have instinct, we do have a hunch, and we have to take a hunch to test, and we have to narrow down our options that we have something to test, and I think it is a reasonable thing to test. The biggest threat is, what are the threats to this idea? The threats to this idea is somebody like shed geek, or somebody else rolling out some kind of glitzy AI, something or other that everybody's gung ho about, which is the main competitive advantage that I can see, or or they have some kind of they get in deep in with another company and have integration that's almost impossible to replicate, kind of a network effect issue.

Speaker 1  1:12:35
We're talking about threats to this idea specifically being CRM implementation, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:12:41
yes. Okay. Now here's the upside. The upside would be basically, Hey, Jason Graber, you guys don't like doing CRM implementation. Well, he doesn't think he has a problem. Okay, so we can't go to Jason, I don't think. But the other interesting avenue talking about possibilities is there may be support packages that we can sell to people who are with shedge, Geek marketing and wish it shit sweet. And if, if they do nothing, maybe we can't charge them 900 a month. Maybe we charge it 500 a month. Or maybe we can charge them the difference. We'll discount you 300 bucks a month, and so you get to pay a $600 a month, and we'll, we'll actually support you, I mean, or maybe it's 500 I don't know, like, but then we can upsell sales training, we can upsell all this other stuff, and we can be the people you go to, and if we actually help you where they're not helping you, guess who they're going to recommend to come to. We're shed sweet, but you should go talk to these guys, and they say, Can we transfer your account over to you? And you're like, No, we don't really. I mean, maybe we do it, or maybe we just say, well, we don't really need the money. Like we're not here to make enemies work with them. Like, it's great, the same price, your same out of pocket, right? We're just friendly people. Want to make the pie bigger for everybody. We're just going to win us favors versus sniping clients. And if we don't snipe clients, if we have the then and we can win a favor with shedge geek and all these other folks that's like, Alright, cool.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:23
Well, that's true, then you might have a potential avenue for them to

Matthias Miller  1:14:26
recommend, to say, hey, here's here's the base, and you should go talk to these guys. They have a support package. Or we could say, if you guys want to do a referral fee, we'll pay you the 297 a month as an affiliate, right? And we'll manage everything for you, which puts us in anyway, whatever. All right, that's fair. Those are the threats. I think it's just, I think we need to do it. I Okay. I don't understand the nervousness. I don't know if it's just personality and I.

Speaker 1  1:15:01
I suspect you don't like to be boxed in to specific ideas the right way or not. We commit to one idea, it all the other ideas you have in your head you want like it feels maybe threatening. So Well, here I have some perspectives to offer. This is only one offer. Idea of one spoke of shed rescue, so we do need to test it, but we're not exactly boxing ourselves in, because we have, like six other ideas that we just haven't focused on for this quarter, right?

Matthias Miller  1:15:38
Here's an interesting threat mitigation. Is there a world in which, okay, I feel very needy and high maintenance with this, but is there a world in which we can create space for all of the other crazy ideas? I mean, maybe it's just ideas list which you captured here, right? But let's have the expectation that that I am going to resist, and this is going to amplify my possibility seeking, and so let's have an outlet for it. I mean, that's the that's the logical thing. Let's not fight it. Let's embrace it. Okay, yeah, okay. And so part of the goal by and end of the quarter is that, and I mean, just implicitly, it's going to be a natural byproduct, is that I'm going to have ideas for about five different spokes of this offer, and let's build out something specific to put those into. I agreed, and it's going to help. It's just going to help. It everything flow, and it allows us to say, anyway,

Speaker 1  1:16:53
yeah, no, I like it. Okay, good. The other thought I had is we had talked about we, if this CRM is very successful. We might not even stay within the shed industry. So potentially, that mitigates some of those concerns as well. But we have lab time that's working, even though, if it's successful, that'll reduce your your ability a little bit. But lab time is working. We have an ideas list that feeds back here that just kind of creates our strategic plan goes back into the other spokes. And then, of course, we always have our random ideas list that still lives in clickup. So there we go. I like it

Matthias Miller  1:17:28
good. Okay, you want to, I need a short break

Speaker 1  1:17:31
before we, oh, that sounds good. Or do we want to do the client

Matthias Miller  1:17:35
list quick before we actually, I just wanted

Speaker 1  1:17:37
to grab, let's just grab everybody from last quarter or that you've worked on before that we might want to pull into this. Into this so we have CSC sheds unlimited.

Matthias Miller  1:17:46
Yes, I've worked, I've worked with Yoders in the past. I don't know if I want to work with him now. Mark Miller, shed happens, slash Heather sheds unlimited. Then we have also have warm prospects like Adrian Hershberger and and others in the CRM. Is there anybody else?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:10
And it feels like there was affordable people,

Matthias Miller  1:18:14
true point slash affordable barn slash shedtime, which I don't know that there's much hope to get back with them. Um, I mean, people we've actually worked with, uh, rich lower

Speaker 1  1:18:30
PBS. That was, I was just thinking from the last three months like, that's, that's been a thing, okay, I think that's, uh, okay, no, that's, that's a good list. I just want to capture it. So, yeah, let's do that, and we can move on to marketing. You want to reconvene around? We want like 1010, 3010, 2510,

Matthias Miller  1:18:45
30 is good, okay, 13, yeah, I'll See you

Unknown Speaker  1:18:49
at 1030 we got time. That's good. Bye.

Matthias Miller  1:37:08
too many things that want to stop. Hey there, hello All right, we're back. Sorry, I thought I was talking to her, which is Adorno. No. and then do the retargeting with content, and then slap a custom GPT tool in there. And maybe that could actually be implemented with go high level, where there's like an AI agent that they chat with on the Facebook page to get their plan. And then we can jump in and, you know, take. which is Adorno. No. Okay, we're on marketing. We are on marketing. Okay. Okay, so we're marketing, primarily. are on marketing. Back up here. Share this. those, too many things that want to. stop. Okay, okay, so we're marketing primarily HubSpot migrations, okay. Whoops. So I guess first idea, or first question is just to get this out of the way, does this do anything at all to what we're currently doing on social media for DIY, shed, rescue, probably not. We just keep that steady. Well, okay, here, here's how I would naturally think about it. Let's figure out the best path for marketing this, and then let's figure out where social current? No, that makes sense. So in my mind, there's two good paths. Number one, go scrape as many well. Okay, here I'm going to riff on a little plan, and you can come shoot holes in it, the go buy that list that I had for 300 bucks, and hopefully it includes websites. And then write a Python scraping tool that that scrapes these and looks for people who have HubSpot and bed code on them, okay? And then, based off of those, then potentially do lumpy mail, direct mail, postcard, phone calls. You know, I don't know what like, whatever the outreach, outreach to them, or manual high up for roll up your sleeves, type of stuff, right? Then use that same list and run a Facebook ad campaign and build up the Facebook ad funnel like I discussed, where you have the video that captures their attention and shows confirms interest. You could potentially test that against the list versus running completely broadly, but testing is expensive. Maybe that doesn't make sense, and maybe we can look at the data in the list when we get it to see if we think it's about the right size and good, reasonable quality, Over the conversation from there, or we'll get their phone number and text them on their phone number. You know, phone number is part of the process. And text them that way, that to me, from just straight up regular marketing, is the most obvious way. The third potential Avenue is go find people who already own lists and see if you can leverage them. But I just think too many of them have their foot in somewhere else right to to really make sense. That's

Speaker 1  1:40:35
fair well, and so we're in testing phase. Which do you think is the best approach for testing? By which I mean, I don't know, to me, testing phase means we're testing the viability of the idea in general. Are people going to buy this? Are they going to buy it at this price point? What kind of language do we need to use for marketing? Et cetera, et cetera. Whereas I would think, like leveraging other people's lists is something that we're doing in, like growth phase, because we have a proven offer at that point. We

Matthias Miller  1:41:10
technically have a proven offer. We just don't have a proven way to get them

Speaker 1  1:41:14
that's fair. And so maybe that, maybe we're not in testing phase. Maybe this is an offer phase. And so,

Matthias Miller  1:41:21
I mean, there is the question of Mark landed on us organically. I don't know how he found me my post, my value post. And, I mean, that's, that is an interesting question, like, maybe, maybe, maybe that value post in the shed manufacturer thing, because Michael, Michael Doherty actually mentioned that post. Maybe that's a value post that needs to go out as a top of funnel, or that needs to be turned into a video as top of funnel, okay? Because that's a signal of something working, and we have to reverse engineer time frame of when Michael reached out. But I would expect to be pretty easy to find out which post it was based on timing and what the content was,

Speaker 1  1:42:05
well, and also then I have to ask, like, what exactly is the proven offer? Like, what? What did you just do? When did you last do this? And what are we offering

Matthias Miller  1:42:13
for markets? Oh, you have HubSpot. Let's use GHL, and let me be the play The advisory role, and make sure you avoid all the pitfalls as part of migration.

Speaker 1  1:42:23
And that was a guided implementation, right? Yes. So what are we We're not offering guided implementation though, right? We're offering a whole HubSpot migration or,

Matthias Miller  1:42:32
I mean, I think it's one of, I think it could be either guided implementation or white glove migration.

Speaker 1  1:42:38
Okay, so that's three potential offers, then we've got going on. I'm putting that under sales Well,

Matthias Miller  1:42:45
as with new implementation, as the

Speaker 1  1:42:48
well, HubSpot migration. I think HubSpot migration like done for you, and then HubSpot migration guided implementation. That's two. Where's the third initial implementation?

Matthias Miller  1:42:59
Okay, well, technically, initial implementation, technically, you have a matrix, yeah, guided or white glove and HubSpot or new,

Speaker 1  1:43:14
guided or white glove, HubSpot or new, okay, well, I think on the delivery side that makes sense to me, on the sales side, that doesn't make sense to me, just because just because, no, you wouldn't give people a matrix, right? So I'm just looking at offers that we're selling. So

Matthias Miller  1:43:27
offers that we're selling is HubSpot migration, but we're just selling HubSpot migration, and it's on the sales call, we say, well, here's the options. You can have the really basic tier where you get almost no access to me. You can have the super responsive tier where I'm advisory, but you know, this much access, that's why

Speaker 1  1:43:47
I'm putting that on the sales menu, because it's not in marketing, it's in sales. It's once you get on the sales call and then, sorry I missed it. No, that's okay. No, I think that's right, right? Because and then we have to figure out what the actual implementation time is on your end for that, for delivery, but, okay, cool. So marketing, we're just doing HubSpot migrations, and we are so the proven offer, I guess, specifically then, is just we migrate you from HubSpot to GHL. I mean, that's what we're doing, right? Okay, so proven offer, okay, I'm just gonna take that out. So idea one, for the proven offers, we go by the list and we go through everything you said. Idea three, you said I missed. Idea two, I don't know what that was. I missed. Idea two,

Matthias Miller  1:44:32
idea one, A and one, number three and number four, one, a and 1b, okay. Like, like, elbow grease, outreach,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:48
gotcha, oops, fair enough, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:44:50
but I don't, and I don't actually think testing, like, I don't know, I have an audience of 16,000 people on Facebook and, okay, like, if. Experimental test project. Sorry, that's what I mean, and it's not that hard to test messaging now, driving conversions might be we might need more of an more of a spend, but getting video views is not going to be. Video

Speaker 1  1:45:18
views isn't going to be so hard when you allocate budget to that kind of Facebook market flow, like, oh man, I'd have to go back. I have some notes on this from a couple years ago, but yeah, I mean getting 25% video views is probably going to be your cheapest. You're not doing conversion ads until you're getting them to interact with you, which is like your third step, maybe fourth step, third step. And so, yeah, you're, what are you doing? You're doing video views for your first one, and then your second

Matthias Miller  1:45:52
one, I think, is like a value post of something, probably a value

Speaker 1  1:45:56
post. You're probably, I can't remember, you running engagement with that. Then I can't remember,

Matthias Miller  1:46:01
probably look at it link clicks, or something clicks Exactly.

Speaker 1  1:46:04
And then, from that, you're, you're taking that pool, and you're retargeting that pool of people

Matthias Miller  1:46:09
to a conversion about it, or to, know, to a $5 GPT.

Speaker 1  1:46:15
Well, for a Facebook ad, though, that's a conversion ad, right? But, I mean, it is a conversion ad, yes, yeah. So, I mean in terms of your ad spend, and so, yeah, if you're spending $100 a day to do easy math here, you're spending less, relatively for all of this potential 25% you know, video views, but you're spending way more on the back end to get a click or a conversion. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:46:40
but your your pool is so narrow, yeah, so what he had said, what they had, what this person had said, see we can find it again. Let

Matthias Miller  1:46:56
me see if we can find it. My clipboard. I uh,

Matthias Miller  1:47:11
they're doing 50% to the new the new method, 10 to 20 to 10 to $20 a day is what they're allocating. Yep, that would make sense. And then retargeting, and then your

Speaker 1  1:47:26
retargeting charges about 50% of that, yeah, yep, that makes sense. It takes a little bit of time to build all that momentum for sure, yeah, and yeah, maybe, yeah, no good.

Matthias Miller  1:47:49
Maybe this isn't maybe this is just shiny object. This person just showed up. We should whatever I

Speaker 1  1:47:54
it's a really good strategy. I mean, a lot of people use it. It is nice when you have a when you know for sure, what your ad spend can be. That's nice to re, uh, to reverse engineer it in that direction, because you will wind up spending, I don't know, 20 to $50 per person, potentially to get a client, but what you're going to wind up spending is like $20 per day for, like, months at a time to and then your testing budget, and then, so it'd be nice to reinvest earnings into that, versus try to use it to get your initial earnings probably,

Matthias Miller  1:48:28
however, on that $5 offer, on

Speaker 1  1:48:31
the $5 offer, yeah, yeah, if there's any way we could sell, you know, three to five of these, and use that money to then reinvest into that type of automated marketing. That would be the more risk averse way to do it, I guess, because we could take into account how much we reasonably thought we could sell, not just in terms of the CRM. But, you know, is this just CRM? Is it just, would you say $900 a month, right? Or is it going to be CRM plus something, you know, what's the real value of this to us over time, and then we could, you know, create the ad spend to be on track for that. And

Matthias Miller  1:49:17
there's all kinds of ways to, right? Yeah. So, I mean, but basically, what you're saying is with $5 GPT, and I think that you have to have the $5 GPT, probably an upsell to have a, you know,

Speaker 1  1:49:32
get the shit rescue book. It is, well, it's similar to, like, you can do the book too. I mean, you could take the mini book and create it into a book. There's something called, there's some dude that runs something called peaceful profits. That I read his book. He sells a $5 book, but then you get an upsell for an audio book, and then you get an upsell for something else, and then you also his whole, I mean, it's a great book. I didn't need to buy anything from him. But he basically says, you know, similar to what you're doing, it's like, well, if you don't want to do all this work, then you give me a. All, and I mean, his, but it's a $5 entry into his, into his system. And so yeah, you could definitely do that.

Matthias Miller  1:50:08
But I think for liquidating funnel, it seems a little bit over the time, for

Speaker 1  1:50:13
a self liquidating funnel, in fact, to make that work, a certain number of people have to have your, you have to have upsells, and a certain number of people have to buy them. So right, you want your you know, you're going to spend about $20 a person. You want people to, on average, spend about that much from you when they enter that funnel. And so $5 book becomes, would you like this on audiobook, so you don't have to read it for 15 extra dollars. And then, if you, you know, would you like a consultation call with me, you know, like a 15 minute or, you know, whatever, for like 100 bucks or whatever it is, and then and then it all evens out on the math, yep. But again, like for this group of people, I would be unsure about how well that would I would be unsure about a self liquidating funnel for shed people who want to migrate from pub spot? I'm not sure. Is there enough people on that?

Matthias Miller  1:51:11
Yeah, I don't know. I mean, it seems well, okay, so let's let me flip this question. Obviously I have this shiny funnel idea if we wanted to get, if we have a list that we can market to on Facebook, and we wanted to get, well, whatever method, we have a list of companies, and theoretically we can subset it down to people that have HubSpot on their website, right. Well, now we've just taken the list down from Do you have the link to the list or not?

Speaker 1  1:51:41
I do not know, not in front of me. You might have sent that to me at some point. I'm sure you did.

Matthias Miller  1:51:47
I know I did, probably right before I left. Okay, yeah, rent tech digital, okay, so 300 Okay, so they have 5000 websites. 1400 email addresses.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:06
Okay, might have to send me that list again.

Matthias Miller  1:52:09
Let's see 6000 here.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:15
Oh, big thing.

Matthias Miller  1:52:18
That's the funnel thing. Okay, here's the there's the list.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:21
So at

Matthias Miller  1:52:27
1400 email addresses,

Unknown Speaker  1:52:32
that may not include websites, or it definitely does,

Matthias Miller  1:52:34
there's 5000 websites, which means it's got, like, big companies, I mean, like Old Hickory, for example, where they've got, I don't know 200 websites or something. I don't

Matthias Miller  1:52:50
know 6000 phone numbers. So it might be, this might be a bigger addressable market than what we think it is, okay, but it's not sure whether, I mean, it might, but it might not also be owners, right? The 6000 shed builders sounds probably about right to the universe of shed builders.

Speaker 1  1:53:07
Okay, that seems fair. Well, I think ironically, at least in my view, possibly the easiest way to do this is with your one a idea. I mean, it's sort of rolling up your sleeves. And there's some initial, there's some initial, just manual work to be done here to figure out who these people are and how to reach out to them, and reaching out to them manually to some degree, right, to make a certain amount of sales. I mean, I might suggest, like, a sales goal of some kind, like try to sell your first five, five to 10 manually, yep, which, I mean, I don't think is bad advice for anybody, actually, when you're starting, when you're doing this, because it keeps you super connected to exactly what You're doing and what your market

Matthias Miller  1:54:00
is, right? So, I mean, does it make sense to buy this list?

Speaker 1  1:54:06
Excuse me, um, potentially, is this the list you would go with? I mean, okay, so we buy this list, grab it for people with HubSpot code, and then we roll up our sleeves and just manually create and make an offer to these people. Hey, are you interested in migrating from HubSpot? Like, I mean, we'd have to write that out. That'd be part of the sales or the market marketing, right? We come up with a these go into our lead gen, though. So basically, sales at this point, it

Matthias Miller  1:54:34
could be, I mean, it could be cold calling, you know,

Speaker 1  1:54:41
absolutely. I mean, it could be a mix of. It could be a mix. I think we get in. So let's, let's sketch out what the sales would be on this. So the sale then is, we scrape this for HubSpot code, and we wind up with a lead, a list of leads, right? Sure,

Matthias Miller  1:54:55
list of companies most likely.

Speaker 1  1:54:58
Okay, yeah. Uh, is that good enough? Do we need to scrape it even, or do we need to refine it even further? Do I need to do some data? Well, I mean, on that, how do you,

Matthias Miller  1:55:10
I mean, this has been the frustrating problem everywhere, which has been, how do you get the list of owners

Unknown Speaker  1:55:19
right? That's, I mean paying five

Matthias Miller  1:55:21
to 10 grand to shed Miller magazine to do a mailing or whatever they charge. I'm sure it's a lie

Speaker 1  1:55:27
that probably is. Is this a valuable asset to have, regardless no matter? And I think maybe the answer does yet yes, because if we look at this as just one spoke of the hub. We want to know who these people are, regardless of what our offer is.

Matthias Miller  1:55:45
It might be complete garbage the list, yeah, but at 300 bucks, it seems like a reasonable gamble to take, and it seems like a reasonable

Speaker 1  1:55:53
Yep, asset have I agree, and I think I brought it before you know, like, what is your reasonable budget to spend on testing ideas or that kind of thing. And I don't know that you think that way, but to my mind, I mean, I think, yeah, you're going to spend a certain amount of money and time and effort on this, and there's a reasonable budget of all of that to spend, even if the idea fails, just to have it tested and out of your way. And so I think probably 300 bucks is a reasonable amount of money to spend on that, just so you're not wondering if you're leaving a good asset on the table, if nothing else, right? So, yeah, so we wind up with a list of companies we might have to make the extra effort to turn that list of companies into as much information as possible. I mean, that's just some maybe manual research, like, who owns this company and can we get a hold of their information? And that could be annoying, but it could be very valuable for us to have, no matter what, greed. Okay, so we turn that into, I just say, actionable contact information, whatever that's going to look like for us, put it into our CRM, basically, and then our funnel looks like we have to make initial contact, I would assume, with. So again, this maybe go back, goes back a little bit to a budgeting issue, because you could do initial contact with like a lumpy mailer, for sure, but that's going to cost you more money than it is to just pick up the phone and make phone calls. So,

Matthias Miller  1:57:24
right? But if I have billable consulting available, then that's a time to money right.

Speaker 1  1:57:33
Time to exactly, exactly. That is absolutely true. So I mean, part of that 80% of your life over the next three months is going to be delivery, and part of it is going to be this stuff. And so, yeah, it's probably a little bit of a of a juggling act. What you really like paper mail, I think, like ugly postcards or lumpy mailers. We've talked about this stuff, right?

Matthias Miller  1:57:56
I do, yes, but it's I also, the confession is also that it can be very expensive way to test

Speaker 1  1:58:01
that's true. Ugly postcards probably would be the cheapest way to go about doing that.

Matthias Miller  1:58:11
Yeah, probably.

Speaker 1  1:58:15
And that would mean that we would need the actionable contact information is like, obviously mailing address, name, etc. Okay, so, I mean, we could do an ugly postcards round for initial contact, and then we could do, do you want to make use of email at all in here.

Speaker 1  1:58:51
I'm just brainstorming with the idea that if we get down into how we actually execute our sales, it might inform how you want to Market.

Matthias Miller  1:59:01
Seems like

Unknown Speaker  1:59:20
I'm and I'm

Matthias Miller  1:59:57
I'm. Are you thinking should be a world in which there'd be a more systematic way of reaching these people.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:47
What do you mean by more systematic?

Matthias Miller  2:00:53
Okay, on the email front, I'm somewhat worried about cold email and domain reputation and all the stuff that goes with that, mostly because I haven't really done it and okay, I mean, we just note that as a potential issue, although it should be,

Speaker 1  2:01:18
Well, that's fair. I think there's ways to go about that, ramping up email sends and all that stuff. I mean, we're not going to email the whole list on the first day. And I mean, emailing 10 to 20 people a day, just as a sustainable thing for like, I don't know how many people are on this list. How many people? 1400

Matthias Miller  2:01:41
contacts, so many emails, by the way, to get the list, it looks to me like a Google Map scraping. Oh, okay,

Speaker 1  2:01:56
so let's go back. Can you do that? I mean, I don't know, 300 bucks isn't bad, I guess, like

Matthias Miller  2:02:01
app, if I can, and may give a more thorough list, but it doesn't give me owner emails. So there does seem to be some kind of

Speaker 1  2:02:13
list. What do you call it? They've done some kind of cleaning on this list. They've something of

Matthias Miller  2:02:18
some kind. But, okay,

Matthias Miller  2:02:25
all right, now I lost my Oh, that's

Speaker 1  2:02:27
okay. Once, once upon a time a couple years ago, I did set these up for another company where we did, like, there was a workflow. I'd have to research it, but I don't know. We'd set up a new domain. We'd set up the email, and then you'd, you'd send like five, and then 10, and then 20, or whatever, like you warm it up and then. But if there's 100 email contacts, the most we'd have to spend send is like 70 a day to get through it a month. So well, and

Matthias Miller  2:02:53
it's not going to be that many by the time we filter out right ones with websites, deduplicate website. Well, actually, maybe not, but ones with HubSpot embedding,

Speaker 1  2:03:05
that's true, it's going to be a significantly smaller list. Probably, yeah, yep, that's fair. I mean, so I still think email is probably the easiest and the cheapest, but you're right. There's a concern about domain reputation. We would there is a setup. There's a built in setup for that, for email marketing, right? The lumpy Miller postcard. And, I mean, that's, that's what, that's your time and effort. Probably, that's my time and effort. To a certain extent, time and effort cost, which, I mean, your time is worth a lot. So considering, if we were to actually put numbers to that lumpy mailers or ugly postcards might not cost you that much more. Might not actually be that expensive. It's the cash expenditure versus the time expenditure in terms of how you want to budget it correct. So I don't know if there's any value in testing contact information through email. I just kind of put it there. Put it there. If we get emails that aren't, you know, that don't exist anymore, whatever, we wouldn't mail them anything either, probably, but maybe not. So I guess the long and the short of it is we would have to decide. First decision point is, how do we make initial contact with these people, and then, then it's just sort of an issue of, like, follow up sequences and and that kind of thing.

Matthias Miller  2:04:29
Okay, so we check something here. Would it be? Does it make any difference on the quantity,

Unknown Speaker  2:04:39
the quantity of what for we talked

Matthias Miller  2:04:43
about mailers, the quantity of yes names, websites,

Speaker 1  2:04:52
I suspect it probably would make a difference, but possibly not at the volume that we're talking about Yeah. I mean, the difference between, like, mass mailing 1005 1000 is probably different, but we're not going to do 5000 so

Matthias Miller  2:05:09
can we, but it makes a difference whether it's 1000 or 500 like, it's 500 that's drop deads like, yeah, simple.

Unknown Speaker  2:05:21
So would we have to decide based on the volume,

Matthias Miller  2:05:26
I think within, okay, give me just give me about, I think five minutes

Speaker 1  2:05:37
here. Okay, and actually, I'm going to stick this up under IDEA one A, because obviously, if we go the 1b route, if we were to do a Facebook funnel, then our initial point of Contact can be on Facebook. So that's A different

Matthias Miller  2:06:02
i Okay, So Then,

Matthias Miller  2:13:40
Okay, so preliminary estimations

Speaker 1  2:13:53
about 10%. percent of websites are using hub. So preliminary estimations. agreed. Okay, so let me take. So preliminary estimations. Probably not statistically significant. But about 10%. of websites are using HubSpot. This is unique URLs, not domains, so I'm going to guess five to 10% I'm going to guess 10% is on the upper end. You're muted, by the way. Thank you. Did you just buy that list and do it, or did Are you just estimate? Okay, it's, it's script is running now, but the percentage is going down. But that's ish gives us a ballpark. So that means that the universe size is about 500 Okay, which means that ugly postcard seems to me to be within the realm of possibility. Oops, Could quick step back in my mind here and say, Okay, we now have this list. Universe size is about 500 but this isn't a list exclusively for CRM Mark implementation, although that's our first offer. This is a list we could use for anything related to shed rescue,

Matthias Miller  2:15:19
right? No, yes, it definitely is. And so if we wanted to target people who are using HubSpot for other offers, we could definitely do that well. And I

Speaker 1  2:15:28
think maybe that's something to take into consideration here, as we're starting to market for, because you don't want to not that we'd burn bridges anyway. But I mean, it'd be nice to have a be nice to consider our entire relationship building strategy and our marketing efforts,

Matthias Miller  2:15:46
right, right, right. It might be closer to 250 people. Okay, well, that's trending down, but we'll see maybe

Speaker 1  2:15:57
not as good, but also actually much more actionable on our side,

Matthias Miller  2:16:03
well, it makes me a lot less outreach, right? I mean it, yeah, I agree, yeah. And generally, husband customers are bigger, right, right, right,

Speaker 1  2:16:13
which is also, I like that, because I think then we're initially reaching out to people who can afford to work with you regardless probably of what they choose to work with you on,

Matthias Miller  2:16:22
they have their annual budget they're going to pay on a renewal like it's it's either pay us and save money or pay HubSpot more. I mean, they have money. Yes, they have money. Question is

Speaker 1  2:16:34
answered exactly I like that. Sorry. I'm digesting information. Oh, good thinking. I don't know, like, what would you think in terms of, I like ugly postcards for that amount of people, but in so when we message it, when we do the messaging around them, we're going to offer HubSpot CRM implementation, and we got to think about what that messaging is going to be. That messaging is going to be, obviously. But is there any other way to kind of, I don't know what would be the whole relationship consideration there? Am I overthinking it?

Matthias Miller  2:17:16
I mean, we're gonna make a first impression that they're gonna associate us with those guys, and they might lump us as the CRM guys,

Unknown Speaker  2:17:30
right?

Speaker 1  2:17:32
And, I mean, there's maybe potentially some language we could use in there to mitigate that a little bit. I'm not sure if we have to, though. I mean, I don't

Matthias Miller  2:17:40
know if we have to. I mean, it offers an

Speaker 1  2:17:41
offer. Yeah, exactly. I mean, it could be as simple as, you know, interested in HubSpot, DRM migration and, oh, by the way, we also do other stuff, but I'm not sure if we put that on a postcard anyway. So Well, first impressions are also like if we do an ugly postcard, the first impression postcard, the first impression is ugly postcard impression, which is like, you know, not necessarily a bad thing. It's eye catching, eye catching.

Matthias Miller  2:18:11
The biggest problem with ugly postcard is, how do we ensure it gets into the hands of the decision maker,

Speaker 1  2:18:16
right? And depending on the size of the companies we're looking at, it probably won't,

Matthias Miller  2:18:22
probably won't, which means that right manual outreach of cold calling and saying, Hey, who is the best person? Okay here, I mean, okay, so I think, I think the data gathering process almost has to be a front end phone call to find the right person. Am I wrong?

Speaker 1  2:18:47
Not necessarily. I think that works most of the time and again, size of the companies, and especially in the shed industry, you're probably not going to run into someone like me who's going to be like, Why are you asking? And I'll send on a message. You're probably just going to get someone who's like, yeah, that's, I'll give you his

Matthias Miller  2:19:05
number. You probably might it happens, but it's also

Speaker 1  2:19:09
not a high percentage. It's not like we're right calling fortune 500 CEOs chance in hell of getting

Matthias Miller  2:19:16
where you have to send a courier with a eight by 10 foot check to get their attention, or something Exactly, yeah.

Speaker 1  2:19:26
So yeah, I think that's, I think that's fair. I think that would be a good first first impression, data gathering well, and also be, I would be ready to talk to that person too, because sometimes you get transferred in those scenarios.

Matthias Miller  2:19:41
So in that, in that case,

Matthias Miller  2:19:49
a logical follow up question would also be, well, okay. I mean mapping out, okay. So if, if, if they want. Yeah, okay, gatekeeper, salesperson, dealer, whoever it is, then you have all the related contact information and ways to get it. You know, they don't want to give an ad a name. Well, can I drop a gift in the mail for the I want to drop a gift in the mail for them. What's their best, right? Is there? Is there a mailing address that we can get there? You know, whatever?

Speaker 1  2:20:26
Can you already tell how much contact information we're missing in that list?

Matthias Miller  2:20:31
Well, we don't have owner information, so we have company phone numbers. But really, it's just

Speaker 1  2:20:42
and mailing addresses, or just, it's just sort of company name. There

Matthias Miller  2:20:47
are addresses, but it's, it's not completely clear to me that these are,

Matthias Miller  2:20:57
like, is this the manufacturer? Is it a dealer location?

Speaker 1  2:21:04
Okay? So we call phone call for owner, name, mailing address. We just are like, hey, we want to drop something in the mail,

Matthias Miller  2:21:13
right? I mean, obviously we could try for a phone number first, the conversation first, but dropping something in the mail also gives you the reason then to reach back and call and say, Hey, did you I dropped this in the mail? Did you get it

Unknown Speaker  2:21:28
right? Exactly.

Speaker 1  2:21:37
Okay. Okay, so the manual labor in this, the value of it is somewhat relationship building, and it also is valuable to to all of shed, all shed rescue,

Matthias Miller  2:21:56
right? We think, we think our assumption is that these are good candidates for CRM migration, and if they're spending for HubSpot, they have some discretionary income just to

Speaker 1  2:22:07
right spot they can afford. Okay, so I think that's fair. All that makes sense. And I mean, we can still flesh this out better, but I think is that basically what we're looking at then for a sales process and our marketing is now we have a list and we're going to

Matthias Miller  2:22:31
manually market and sell. I kind of think that, I mean, there's even a scenario in which a spending $40 to do a FedEx envelope with a signature, UPS envelope with a signature

Unknown Speaker  2:22:48
could make sense. There is

Matthias Miller  2:22:55
not for testing mass, but probably,

Speaker 1  2:22:58
yeah. I mean, potentially, if we did this in phases, and we're very strategic about it, potentially, we we gather all the information and do a little bit of extra research and just be like, okay, the top 25 or the top 15, or whatever companies that look like the best leads, we send some special FedEx or something like that, right?

Matthias Miller  2:23:26
Like a dream 10 List, yeah, during 20, yeah, absolutely,

Speaker 1  2:23:34
yeah, first 10, then second 10 even. I mean, you can kind of just test it however we want to go and be as strategic, or as you know stepwise about it, as we want to be right, which is probably, I'm more step wise than you are, I suppose. But if we kind of knew exactly what we were doing at each step and why we were doing it, then we can just kind of knock out the the discrete tasks. These become tasks, you know, I mean, it's really, we break it down.

Matthias Miller  2:24:03
Well, what I like about this outreach is that it can theoretically be done by you

Speaker 1  2:24:09
most of the time. I would think so I would want a little bit of we, I want to go on and go through and kind of have a nice sales sheet, or, like, short sheet to just be like, if I do wind up getting transferred to the owner of this company, I don't company, I don't want to sound like an idiot. So, right? Like, this is what we're doing. This who we are. This is what we're doing. This is what we're offering. You're interested. I'm going to get you on a call with Matthias here in the next 24 hours. You know, whatever, right? So yeah, and I think I could, I could do a lot of that. So, yep, okay. So that brings us down to, well, okay, I think that's fair. Are we still going to just continue the Facebook, social media on DIY, shed rescue and just keep that running in the background? I don't see a reason not to at

Matthias Miller  2:24:55
this point. Sorry to the right. I don't either like, why Disrupt. It,

Speaker 1  2:25:00
right? And then are you going to spend time my, my KPI conversation about that one was, you're in Messenger, right? And you're kind of dealing with comments and messages and stuff, so, yep, are you having conversations around this that are leading to potential discoveries? Do? Should we be tracking that?

Matthias Miller  2:25:20
Yeah, I have a, I have a conversation on Friday that's

Unknown Speaker  2:25:30
okay. You just say, like, should we track that on Mondays? Like,

Matthias Miller  2:25:36
we could, yeah, just ask if there's new

Speaker 1  2:25:39
right? I don't know how how to do it better, unless we create some sort of a spreadsheet, but that seems cumbersome right now, so conversations from DIY should rescue, and this is specific to discoveries. So we are still doing discoveries, and now we're doing CRM, and this is the discovery related marketing. Oh, boy, where's that? So I'm going to say discovery related marketing. Quality of the discussions, I guess, is another thing I can ask, like, are you having discussions? And are they valuable discussions? Sure, what we want to know from social media marketing, because ideally by the end of September, I would like to know whether or not that's a waste of time or not right, or completely the wrong posts or whatever. So I'd like to know that newsletters, I don't know that might be something we kind of have to figure out if we spend the money on on these conversations, are we going to implement any kind of newsletter in this quarter that seems like maybe a lot, or it seems like maybe it falls under client retention? Well,

Matthias Miller  2:26:57
somewhere there has to be critical master it to make sense

Unknown Speaker  2:27:00
like, right? I agree that's if you have

Matthias Miller  2:27:04
only have 20 leads and five clients, then, no, it doesn't. You should manually nurture the 20 leads if you get the 50 or 100 leads, I mean, but even with 100 leads, if you know when, when they're you know, if you know when their contract renews, you can call them up a quarter before and say, Look, you guys ready to pull the trigger or not?

Speaker 1  2:27:27
That's what I'm thinking. I'm saying we don't have critical mass. And right now, the value of the same value is really going to fall under client success, like I would like to start doing more client success and retention stuff on my side, which should serve that purpose,

Matthias Miller  2:27:44
by the way, here is a subset. But if you look at shed app, the shed app,

Unknown Speaker  2:27:52
oh, alright, do I need to? Are you sharing something?

Matthias Miller  2:27:55
I'm not sharing it, but I'm running numbers on the Shut up, there's a substantial number of shed app users, okay, based on lists that I pulled previously, some of them might not be active Shut up users, but some of them may who are using HubSpot, okay, and because we have a shut up integration, that might be another, another reason to pull them in, like we could narrow The list even further down to shut out, plus HubSpot, and that also immediately sets us up the moment we start talking shit at people know we're an industry insider. I think

Unknown Speaker  2:28:32
that makes sense. Okay, nope, I think that is fair. Okay.

Speaker 1  2:28:50
Well, no, I think that's fair. I think we should start talking about the scope then, because I think that falls into it and we can do it again. I mean, the first scope can be shut out, plus HubSpot. The second one can be HubSpot. We could, kind of, we could create a system that way.

Matthias Miller  2:29:07
Seems reasonable to me.

Unknown Speaker  2:29:08
That's fair. Let me, let me pull this stuff down. All this stuff down here your CRM, oops. Okay. CRM, okay. So all that being said, what is the scope?

Speaker 1  2:29:38
Let's actually pull that back and go. We've got a HubSpot plus Shut up offer, then we've got a HubSpot offer. So the HubSpot plus Shut up offer. What does that actually entail for lay people? What are we offering them?

Matthias Miller  2:29:58
CRM, that I. Integrates into HubSpot, replacing HubSpot with a CRM that integrates with Shut up. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  2:30:11
which solves what problem,

Matthias Miller  2:30:14
having duplicate information, not being able to assign leads with round robin, having to jump around multiple places, having an expensive CRM.

Speaker 1  2:30:29
What's the potential cost savings then? Or, I mean, what's the offer cost versus like HubSpot,

Matthias Miller  2:30:35
9k a year versus or 90? That's not true. Nine times 12? Well, I can't do math.

Speaker 1  2:30:46
108, price, 12,900 Is that wrong? I would say 12, five, 900 it's 10. Is Yeah, 10, okay. 10, 810,

Matthias Miller  2:30:58
eight versus 20 to 40k. Not dimension like, if you really want to go after it, then we throw a sales dashboard in and teach them how to actually manage their sales team at which case the upside on that's crazy, right?

Speaker 1  2:31:22
Okay, so we have some like, upselling language in there as well. That makes sense. So is that priced correctly? I mean, I don't remember how you came up with the $900 a month, but are you happy with that as an initial

Matthias Miller  2:31:36
if it's priced correctly? But I don't know. We have 40 clients using Shut up. If we can get 20 of those switched over, which is pretty aggressive, if we can get a third of them, that's 12, that's nothing to sneeze at. Well,

Speaker 1  2:31:53
what's the implementation on our side? I mean, there's the initial there's the initial migration, and then there's client success or support. So migration is going to take how long or cost you, how much of your time and or, I mean, outsourced money, whatever,

Matthias Miller  2:32:11
I don't know. Well, I mean, if it's, if it's just advisory, it's like a day maybe.

Speaker 1  2:32:19
But it's not right, because, well, okay, so we've got migration one, so we've actually got two offers going on here, because we've got full, good, full migration like you from start, like done for you migration versus advisory, right? So like migration done for you is going to be how much of your time, and

Matthias Miller  2:32:44
I have no idea.

Speaker 1  2:32:50
Okay, advisory, I mean, assume that people aren't Mark Miller and that nobody actually probably wants to spend the money and still have to do a lot of this work themselves, right? So advisory might be nice, but it's probably not going to be. What did you charge him? 5k for

Matthias Miller  2:33:09
something like that? Okay? PBS is very similar, new implementation advisory. They've got an IT person in house, which, for an owner, is very assuring if they're big enough to have somebody like that for an owner, it's very assuring to say, Oh, here's this guy. Just let him do the grunt work. That's fine, right, right? And I've got somebody who makes sure he doesn't go off the rails and screw everything up. And so I'm not quite sure if I agree with your assumption, but it might

Speaker 1  2:33:38
be true. Okay, fair enough. I but we, I guess my assumption is we need to understand what our price point is as we're selling it. I agree. Yeah, monthly payments. When are we're charging them 900 bucks

Matthias Miller  2:33:51
a month for what CRM subscription, but I would like to add more value than that.

Speaker 1  2:33:58
Are we doing like GHL reseller, support, or we support? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:34:07
we are supporting them. Support is

Speaker 1  2:34:13
you or Jonathan B basically, okay

Matthias Miller  2:34:16
at this point. Okay,

Speaker 1  2:34:21
so we're going to do actually mm support, which is GHL reseller, at some point. But that means we need a system for contact ticket. We need some sort of ticket management, even if it's just in our email agreed, maybe a more official ticket management might be if we find something that doesn't cost very much, or if we have something in DHL, I'm not sure. Okay, so CRM subscription costs us what, and we're reselling it. For,

Matthias Miller  2:35:02
I mean, it's a base $500 a month, and everything over that 500 for any number of clients, we

Speaker 1  2:35:07
keep, okay, that makes sense. So we're not that's not really a particular

Matthias Miller  2:35:12
unless we throw in, you know, some kind of AI system or something that gets included as a value add, or something like that. But,

Speaker 1  2:35:19
but for now, we're not making that as an additional offer, right? And if we do, that's a custom offer,

Matthias Miller  2:35:26
yeah? I mean, probably explore something like that with shit happens. Okay?

Speaker 1  2:35:41
Okay. Okay, so the scope is advisory. We do basically what we did for Mark Miller. There's a few follow up calls. There's a few hours of your time here and there. It basically trans translates into one day for 5k plus $900

Matthias Miller  2:36:01
one, one to two day, one to two days. But yes, okay,

Speaker 1  2:36:05
and then are we doing that like on a quarterly while we're doing it a yearly contract? We I haven't

Matthias Miller  2:36:12
required contracts, so I have a little bit of a philosophical dislike for them, we have some kind of penalty for them to cancel, or maybe some kind of like timeframe to cancel, or something like that. Potentially, I just think maybe I'm being way too idealistic here. I just think too many people in the industry do stupid stuff, are really schleps and lock people into contracts when it's to cover their incompetence.

Speaker 1  2:36:55
That's fair. So how about a payment sucker every day? If we don't have a contract, how about we operate even either pay monthly. You can pay quarterly. You could pay yearly, potentially, yeah, to me, that's more of a client courtesy so you don't have to think about paying your monthly bill versus, you know,

Matthias Miller  2:37:16
if you everything ends up being on credit card. But, yes, okay,

Speaker 1  2:37:22
no, that's right, well, and yeah, in which case, I mean, we have some kind of contract that we're going to build them automatically, then if it's on your credit card, right? I guess that's what I'm getting at. It's like, there's the billing side of it, right? That's fair. They have to cancel within five days of their next billing cycle to get it canceled, or something like that. Yeah, okay, so build automatically, no contracts cancel within X days of next cycle. That all makes a lot of sense, and that covers CRM subscription. It covers your support time and whatever ticket management system we need. And then is Jonathan going to need to support this in any way, in an ongoing way? I'm

Matthias Miller  2:38:08
not sure it's I think, I think there's definitely room for kind of a chat, GPT style support, where we can generate, like, first iteration responses and and review them before we send them out. So, and I don't know if I he seems to me like a really expensive avenue to support, but

Speaker 1  2:38:30
Jonathan, you mean, yeah, well, I agree. I mean, I was thinking of terms of our monthly pricing, needing to incorporate that if we're paying him for for something. So, okay, so just the done for you, migration. Do you have a, do you have a ballpark for

Matthias Miller  2:38:47
done for you 10 to 20k Well, shedge quoted Mark 10 to 15. Done For You. Just that's mark, you know, as a market rate tank kind of thing. Okay, but I doubt that they would have, okay, I doubt they had the level of, I mean, I doubt they were going to export conversations out of HubSpot, for example.

Speaker 1  2:39:11
Okay, well, and that's, I guess that's the level of granularity that I'm looking for here. What is the offer? Because that to systemize, standardize it, we need to know what we're actually doing,

Matthias Miller  2:39:22
ATP, registration number porting, contact migration, email marketing, migrate, Marketing Automation, email snippets, email templates, workflow, migration, calendar migration, if they have it. Conversation, I mentioned lead export import. Conversation, export import. Task migration in some capacity, and it might just be on a custom field. And. You know, form rebuilding, coordination with website company to get the forms plugged in, potentially but not likely, see API, Facebook conversion, API implementation seems maybe beyond the scope of what we need to do. I

Speaker 1  2:40:24
see API implementation beyond the scope of what we need to do. Is that I got it, got that right.

Matthias Miller  2:40:28
I mean, we might not need to do Facebook C API integration, but maybe we, yeah, exactly, I mean, but yeah, it could be an add on um IVR setup and then onboarding, potentially dealer slash salesperson training, potentially third party integration. I

Matthias Miller  2:41:14
What else is there? I'm

Matthias Miller  2:41:24
I mean a deal, stage, configuration, opportunity, migration, i

Matthias Miller  2:41:44
Are you happy with that list? I mean, it's a pretty good list.

Speaker 1  2:41:57
Okay, is there any way to lump that into sort of like a basic and an advanced or a base, like a standard and a premium, or something like that. I mean standard, we do this premium. We do additionally, this ATP standard. Or is there anything premium? Let's do it this way.

Matthias Miller  2:42:19
Conversation, export, import might be premium, because I believe that needs, and I'm not sure about opportunities, potentially opportunities, Facebook, CPI could potentially be would likely be premium.

Matthias Miller  2:42:38
Yeah, ideal state, third party integration would be premium. Or maybe that's almost like an enterprise level. I don't know what you'd call it, but that's like, that needs custom pricing. Probably,

Unknown Speaker  2:42:54
yeah, it's actually do that.

Speaker 1  2:43:02
Then then enterprise, I like it, okay. So if everything except those four things are standard, that seems like a lot to me. Is it a lot?

Matthias Miller  2:43:17
It is a lot. Okay, so when you actually break it down into tactical work. It might not actually be that much, but

Speaker 1  2:43:26
where are my two considerations for it? There's standard pricing, but also there's your time to do it, which is a little bit different than your time to, like, standardize it, document it, and then outsource it eventually too, right? Like, that's where we're eventually going. And so if you are going to pay someone to eventually do it, and if you have to spend time documenting it, which are two things that you're not going to love doing and are not going to be easy, how much do you want to charge for

Matthias Miller  2:43:59
it? Well, I just think if, if shedge Geek said 1510 to 15k I think we should just do standard at 15k Premium at 20 and enterprise at 25 plus.

Speaker 1  2:44:12
I like it as are just sort of our basic I mean, we can adjust these, and I think we should adjust them, possibly annually, or whatever. We should put it on a cadence. But I like it as a starting point.

Matthias Miller  2:44:23
I mean, just, I just think for somebody who's positioned with our level of expertise and experience, white glove, show up, get it done in a timely manner. We've we are focusing on HubSpot plus TSA. I mean, it just seems to me like, right, we should, at a minimum, be at the upper end of the of their ballpark that they gave I

Unknown Speaker  2:44:46
think that makes a lot of sense. Yeah.

Speaker 1  2:44:53
So we have standard premium and enterprise pricing for CRM, and then eventually we will have some. Thing that goes along with, you know, we also offer these additional support things, and we can figure out that what that's going to be, I like it. So, I mean, when we're making this initial offer to people on the sales sheet or the offer sheet, or whatever it is, it's like, well, you're going to probably spend about $15,000 on a standard migration, and it's going to cost you about 10,000 you know, $10,800 a year for support, which is probably going to save you in your first year, somewhere between five and $15,000 from HubSpot, something like that, depending on the numbers,

Matthias Miller  2:45:33
depending on what they're signed on to, right, right. Okay,

Speaker 1  2:45:39
which I mean Right. There is good sales pitch, I think. And

Matthias Miller  2:45:42
the ideal is we don't have to, yeah, do ninja stuff to sell it.

Speaker 1  2:45:49
I like it well, and eventually for me, and also, I think potentially, just for standardization, I'd like to break this out just a little bit further. If I wind up on the phone with an owner who has some technical knowledge or who does have spot themselves. I'd like to kind of understand what I'm talking about here a little bit, and so I can dig into a little bit, but we could probably break it down into some general non technical talking points. And then when it goes to the tech stuff, it just gets sent over to you, or whoever's going to wind up doing it long term. And I think a I like the

Matthias Miller  2:46:22
idea, and I don't know how you want to do this, but have some kind of like, 90% paid up front, 10% on go live or something like that.

Speaker 1  2:46:38
And right, and then month to month, like, no contract

Matthias Miller  2:46:41
for support. You're right, no contract for sport, okay? And I think the pitch is basically, I mean, I think that that's going to sell really well in the face of HubSpot, the pace and the in the pitch is just basically, like, Look, if you're going to leave us because of some stupid thing. I mean, okay, this is okay. The snarky way is, if you're gonna leave us for some stupid thing we didn't want you anyway, then the other thing too is like we want to be incentivized to serve you like we don't want to. And so we just think it's we think we both win when we do it like this. So, yeah, absolutely.

Speaker 1  2:47:17
Well, I mean, we can always do some fancy, you know, comparison tables on the website or something, which might, which might help, or we even do that maybe a little bit on the sales sheet. But I like it. I like, I think that just, you know, part of the sales process is actively pointing out the advantages of you over your competition. So, yep, that's to me. Okay, so we basically have that mapped out. I think 5k or for your, for your time as a consultant, versus 15k minimum for done for you migration. I like that. The HubSpot, not associated with Sheba shed app, is going to be the same pricing, right? I mean, it's just, I think so second section of people that we might go after afterwards. Okay? I think so just sectioned custom offer AI services through GHL is one I have kind of jotted down, but that actually kind of goes along with our I'll just wrap that into enterprise pricing now, which is nice. I like having, I don't

Matthias Miller  2:48:18
know if it's enterprise or premium, but it's one of those,

Unknown Speaker  2:48:22
okay, AI services through GHL,

Matthias Miller  2:48:26
yeah, and, and it looks like I have a I have a contractor I haven't done due diligence, and we should probably talk through this through for shit happens. I have a contractor who's willing to do it for for $1,000 but they actually don't recommend using the GHL voice AI tool. And I don't know, some people say it's not at a position to be used right now, okay, I do have some interest in not putting every I mean, I intentionally built TSA integration outside of GHL because I didn't want, like, I don't know. I want to moat somewhere. Yeah, and so having an AI thing that's outside of here as a moat is a potential, but we can't control. I mean, obviously we could say, Look, no, we're not going to let you migrate away or go to another GHL reseller. But I do think that there need to be specific things that we offer as a GHL reseller that they lose when they leave. Okay. I

Speaker 1  2:49:43
uh, by voting. We're talking about protecting against, like, AI related,

Matthias Miller  2:49:48
it's any kind of competitive advantage that, okay, creates, you know, I mean, at this point, then, once we have multiple users, how do we build network effect into the business? How. Do we, how do we make it much more valuable for them to stay than to leave? I

Speaker 1  2:50:07
think that's fair. I think is it. Am I being too old fashioned at this point to say that we can't neglect I mean, you're always going to have your old fashioned face to face, human contact stuff, potentially maybe more so now than ever is just to have, like, good customer service, good face to face, in person, over the phone, talk to a real person, customer service. That'll go a long way. Well, I think so too. And so, I mean, I think voting is a really important thing, but I don't want to neglect the idea, and that's kind of what I'm trying to think of in my in terms of my track. My track is like the customer success, the retention, you know, the reselling, so the customer service piece and how to really so that's maybe my part of the moating, right? Is just figuring out how to do that in a way that's really going to be good. And I so I think I don't want to overlook having a ticketing system, but then also, like following up in person, I don't want to overlook being knowledgeable about where the client is, what they bought from us, what their problems are, and so there's that communication piece on our side, and or some kind of, like, history, if it's a ticketing, I don't know what it winds up being, but like, some kind of communication where, well, this is what they bought, and this is what we're doing, and this is what I'm currently working on, and this kind of stuff, and I think that kind of stuff goes a really long way. And maybe there's some AI on our end of that, potentially, actually, I think so, located between us.

Matthias Miller  2:51:29
Yeah, I think so. I mean, at Google Doc with notebook LM, that where we refresh the source whenever things change, could be a simple solution, right? If we need to. Or, you know, the tools are only going to get better,

Speaker 1  2:51:40
right? Exactly. So, I mean, I yeah, that's my part of it. We can use AI. We there's stuff that we can use on the back end to make sure we deliver excellent customer service. And then on top of that, there's uh, offers to the clients right at our moats as well, which are features, probably services, features and services, yeah, I don't know future services, etc, well, and also, like, I want to say, potentially, also potentially just being part of shed Titans. I mean, we, we elevate that to shed Titans, which is like the in what the universe, universe of services that we provide, that we're developing, that this whole spoke right like this, in encompassing environment of you basically have one person to call If you're struggling, and we help you somehow. Yep, yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:52:43
somehow, yeah, yeah. Okay. By the way, the CRM model also ties in very well, because people aren't used to paying for business advice. Generally, I don't think in the industry. It's all called a buddy on the West Coast who's not competing with you and see if we'll talk to you. So, right. I need a quick, quick breaks. I don't know. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:53:09
that's fair. We're scheduled, okay, we're scheduled until one, or do you

Matthias Miller  2:53:14
want to take another break until 12? And I was

Speaker 1  2:53:17
gonna say, Yeah, we should take a break until 12, and then just kind of try to run through the rest of our stuff in about that hour, if that works for you, and then we'll have an action plan. Okay, sounds good. I'll see you, and I'll see You at noon. Good. Thanks. You.

Speaker 1  3:07:35
fair. So I think we've got pricing. Think we did it. I think deliverable. I think we did it. We have a sensible deliverable. next thing we're going to look at was. Hello, you are still muted. There we go. Okay, All right, good. Break running out of steam a little bit I think a lot of this stuff is probably. getting to the point where we need to make some decisions as we go anyway. But I kind of, I, I thought about the next thing we're going to look at was pricing and the philosophy of pricing, I think we knocked that out. We're marketing the people that can afford it, and so that takes a variable out, like, if they're not buying it, it's probably because they not because they can't afford it. Probably can tweak our marketing language. Something to note is that we should probably have a limited number of workflows that we migrate Yoders, for example, had, like, I don't know what it was, 50 workforce. That's just and number of emails. Okay, so is that where a limited number in our in our standard and they could pay more for or, like, pay premium and get more, or just limited number period. So let me load a number in standard, and they can, okay, and maybe it's a paper, Mike, like, I don't know. Okay. Oh, you want, yeah, standard gets you X amount, then it's a paper, paper beyond that, or something. Okay, I like it. Just some way to buffer against wildly complex. Okay, so first thing or not first thing, but one of the actions is asset. We need a dashboard migration is another thing. Oh, yeah, dashboard migration standard. I think so. Okay, I like it. So I'm going to work on an offer sheet that kind of just at least in text form, in Word or something simple. Makes all this as clear as I can make it, and then we can work on it. Not something for the website, it's something for sales conversations, etc. So that's an action item, Actually is now in a more granular way, I like that. Let's see also the offer sheet asset based on offer sheet. I'm

Matthias Miller  3:10:12
going to start kind of share your screen.

Speaker 1  3:10:14
Oh yeah, I'm sorry. I do want to share my screen. I'm going to say on my action list here, based on the offer sheet, probably get a use this to what do I say to standardize or SOP, create SOPs. So as you do it, as we go through deliveries, we can have a place to kind of capture what that actually entails, how much time it actually took, the expertise that actually needs to be there. It kind of as we go. So by the time you've done a handful of these, we have all the information we need to try to kind of create an SOP and delegate it out if you want to. Yep, that sounds okay. See that? Um, I think that gets us through pricing and delivery. So the next thing was, you know, do we want to do mini book, public speaking, publications and trade shows in terms of marketing? I marked all of those to be determined, probably through the course of the quarter, because, based on what we're doing now, none of that seems to be very relevant at the moment.

Matthias Miller  3:11:19
Um, trade show we're doing. Well, we're doing shed Expo,

Speaker 1  3:11:24
and I have, we're going to determine what the right let's see for shed Expo. We're going to determine what the clear Expo is in August. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  3:11:34
I'm picking but, but trade publication, and I mean trade show, it is the trade show show. So it's kind of duplicated to say we're doing shed Expo and a trade show. I

Speaker 1  3:11:44
gotcha. Mini Brook. Shed Expo, no publications, no trade shows. There's only one trade show, right? And shed Expo, actually, we'll just keep shed Expo as its own thing,

Matthias Miller  3:11:59
I mean, and publications is really just ship. Is that like the business? Ship, business, shed builder journal, okay.

Speaker 1  3:12:15
Okay, so for shedbuilder journal, for any podcasts and for any other public speaking, for the mini book, we will determine whether or not we need those as we go along. Is that fair? Yep, okay, because our main source of marketing right now is what we just outlined.

Matthias Miller  3:12:32
I have a little bit of a bias. I know this is building before we need it. I do have a little bit of a bias towards not over investing, but if we can do the book as a contingency, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  3:12:54
Actually, I think that's fair.

Speaker 1  3:13:02
That's fair. I'm trying to think, did we completely, as I'm going up here, we're cold calling for information, and we really do need to flesh out what our outreach is after that, possibly, right? Or did we decide we didn't really decide on ugly postcards or anything like that. We could theoretically use the mini book or turn that into a catalog and offer that. I mean, there's potentially

Matthias Miller  3:13:28
something well up there. I mean, one question would be, there's two ways to do this. Seems like a reasonable place for two pounds of proof, yeah. And I mean, it could be winning together. It could be frictionless teams. It could be the shed mini book, if we can get it out in time. And then you could have any case studies, client testimonials, anything kind of along those lines.

Speaker 1  3:14:05
So you prioritize this at the end here of action plan for actually doing the marketing work, what we're actually doing. So that will be important to start

Matthias Miller  3:14:21
now. Okay,

Speaker 1  3:14:28
fair. Okay. I think that's fair. Keep the mini book in which is fair. I mean, all I was thinking is probably over the next few weeks or month or whatever, we'll decide what we're going to do along that line. Anyway. I don't think we'd probably decide it today. So let's skip ahead to sales script, which I think we have a good amount for. We basically know what the offer is, mapping out the prospect journey, I think is also in progress with what we have that's sort of our our i. Sales pipeline, right? Okay, our menu of services basically HubSpot migration, done for you. HubSpot migration guided implementation and just initial implementation of CRM, right? We had this add on idea for the 30 day nurture sequence. Do you want to add that above as a premium or

Matthias Miller  3:15:23
I think it should still live as an idea, I think, but I'm not sure. Well, I don't know. I'm just resisting coming up with a price for it.

Speaker 1  3:15:33
Well, there's also the idea that this is maybe a an entry into shed rescue marketing. Spoke, because we're considering CRM to be in the sales. Spoke, right, right? And so with this, could potentially be part of what we might offer as like a as a marketing service or something. So, oh, just jot that down.

Matthias Miller  3:15:56
Another marketing thing would be a competitor analysis that goes looks at Google reviews and other competitor websites in the area, and that could also be a simple $1,000 offer that uses scraping and AI to generate a report.

Speaker 1  3:16:21
Report do I have on my action plan that we need? A,

Speaker 1  3:16:31
yeah, we need kind of a, what are we going to call this like a shed rescue strategy doc for cap, right future offers and prioritizing those offers. Okay, good. I like it, proposal templates, I don't know. So we've got now, I mean, we have offers, but actually, menu of services needs to still be on there. We're still offering the discovery so that actually still needs to be on there.

Unknown Speaker  3:17:13
Do we have discovery pricing down?

Matthias Miller  3:17:17
Let's go. I don't know. Not really. I'm

Speaker 1  3:17:20
going to put that on our action list for future. I'm not sure if we can knock that out today, but

Matthias Miller  3:17:26
between my energy levels and how much I hate figuring that stuff out,

Speaker 1  3:17:31
marginal, but it should be done. It should be done. And so I'm just kind of, I'm going to outline a lot of this stuff, and then we'll have some gaps to fill in, but I think we could fill that in over time, and that goes along with the templates. I mean, potentially we want to make a proposal template for the discovery engagement, but I don't think that applies to CRM. We might have a How would you normally, okay, how would you normally enter it into engagement with a company? Is it a handshake agreement where you talk about it verbally, and then just kind of go into it.

Matthias Miller  3:18:02
It's a shooting email, and this is about what you get, and please reply to agree, okay, like, I mean, I've Josh long actually talking about this recently. I mean, the only real reason to do a signed contract is if you're going to pursue litigation, right?

Speaker 1  3:18:20
And then that makes sense. We don't need a contract, per se. I just think, well, we need a clear we need it clear, and it probably ties into our internal communication too. Is an email can be organized in any particular order. It can be a little messy, especially if you're going off the top of your head. It can be complete, but it might be hard to read. And so maybe we have at least maybe sort of develop a standard, a premium and then an enterprise level template. So you just cut, copy and paste like this is what you get, sure, right? And then we can up update one place if we make changes, which I mean, brings me to we probably should try not to make changes and have too many different people on too many different things, I guess. But that's fair how to use that in client success or customer service. Okay. Delivery, okay, so CRM delivery. Say, we sell CRM. So I kind of understand the delivery for guided implementation, because we're doing that, and that's a really simple one, but looking at all of the things that we did for a standard delivery, what are we basically looking at on your calendar? Possibly, I mean, you sign someone to do a standard delivery. We're going to block out how much time right at the beginning to get a jump on that.

Matthias Miller  3:19:55
I'm sorry, when that question one more time.

Speaker 1  3:19:59
Yes, well, so if we sell a standard delivery based on this long list of things that we're doing and you're doing them, like, how would you prefer that we deliver that? What's the timeframe for that delivery? How much time do I need to be blocking off on your calendar, right off the bat, that kind of thing? Any thoughts on that so far? No. Now, okay, so that's something to probably develop. Is, yes,

Matthias Miller  3:20:28
okay, all right, my brain has a just

Speaker 1  3:20:32
No, it's fine. If we're just end right here in the next we can just kind of go through this. I'm really just developing our next, our list of actions at this point, because I'm also kind of,

Matthias Miller  3:20:43
well, I think, you know, very short runway.

Matthias Miller  3:20:52
I think

Matthias Miller  3:21:02
I think taking these 40 names that I have,

Matthias Miller  3:21:15
and then I guess what happens with these 40 names, and is the assumption correct that you should do the initial outreach, or should I do a minimum of, like 10?

Speaker 1  3:21:29
I think you should, I, you should probably do a minimum of 10 for sure, just to kind of get a sense of what we're actually getting ourselves into, sure, and then you can tell me and then I can do it. Would be my preference. I mean, I don't mind doing it, of course, but I do not have the breadth of knowledge to pick out potentially important information.

Matthias Miller  3:21:51
So I would agree, I understand.

Speaker 1  3:21:56
Let's see. What are we doing? We're actually doing the marketing. So I'm gonna put this under does lease the first 10 agree. Then like, delegate, oops, Andra, pass objectives, etc, and then quick talking points, sales, okay, already getting that done.

Speaker 1  3:22:34
Okay, that makes sense. Man, I've got a lot of stuff. Just kind of keep scrolling up and up and up. Okay, okay, so I'm going to table all of these tasks that got stuck in here. Just going to sort of table them, unless there's anything that you think is important right now, the code house mailing list, we're tabling that for now, stories from the desert. Is that still something that you would want to circle back to at some point,

Matthias Miller  3:23:04
I'm sorry. What was

Unknown Speaker  3:23:07
I'm sorry, man, do we just need to chill for the day.

Matthias Miller  3:23:09
No, what's kudos may let us thank you, Paige. I mean,

Speaker 1  3:23:15
I'm not even sure if that's applicable anymore.

Matthias Miller  3:23:19
We should the main thing that should happen is that we should. I don't even know. It's just a frustrating remnant that's obnoxious.

Speaker 1  3:23:34
Well, agreed. I guess my instinct was to table it for now and we'll circle back to it, but I'm not sure what to do with it right now, so

Matthias Miller  3:23:45
I think the main thing you would do is change the link on the homepage, you know, shit business rescue to redirect to shed Titans the and then Just remove the opt in from the Matthias business page.

Speaker 1  3:24:05
Okay, well, which falls under? Say this falls under website improvement tasks already? I think, sure, so I and then I guess the mailing list itself did that already get rolled into something else.

Matthias Miller  3:24:19
I just grabbed him and moved him over to my personal blog. Now there is a prospect or two on there that are shed clients that if we ever get a shed client over on the other side, we should move them over. Okay.

Speaker 1  3:24:33
Okay, that makes sense. And then do you want to discuss anything related to stories from the desert? Or

Matthias Miller  3:24:40
should we take it's lab Renaissance time. It's nothing to do

Speaker 1  3:24:43
there, so I just need to take it off of my list. Probably then, huh? I

Matthias Miller  3:24:48
think so, yeah, oh, come on. Okay.

Speaker 1  3:24:54
So quarter considerations. Now that we've got this and our list of action plans, I'm going to have some medical appointments this. Quarter that I'm gonna have to drive to Denver for. So I'm gonna have some odd days here and there, but I can let you know when those are and work around them as much as possible. That's the only kind of overall thing looks like July doesn't have any major commitments. Looks like you're out of the office most of the Week of the 11th. Is that correct? Of August? Why? Let's see we had August 11

Matthias Miller  3:25:25
office. Or is that that's that's

Speaker 1  3:25:28
you, I'm red, you're purple. I mean, the office that week, I wonder. Okay, I don't think that's true. No, that is true. My dad has knee surgery, so I'm in the office, but I blocked it because my dad has knee surgery, got it and the 11 that's not true. I don't know what that's about. Okay, so I guess. So there we go,

Matthias Miller  3:25:54
week of 20 seconds, September, 22 shed Expo

Speaker 1  3:25:58
that I have, and then I schedule this for a q4 strategy meeting after that that next week, because that seemed appropriate. Sure, locked up another Tuesday. So in terms of time commitments that we already have, this is a good quarter for this, right? You have some deliveries you probably need to to finish up for clients.

Matthias Miller  3:26:19
Right? Wayne Hostettler, I mean, I just have a laundry list of stuff that maybe get my head in the game again and get going, but okay,

Speaker 1  3:26:27
that's right. Is there anything off top of your head that is going to be a major commitment of time, like, say, over one full day of your time, that we should consider?

Matthias Miller  3:26:40
I mean, not, yeah, I mean, go live day for for for Mark, for Mark and for PBS, okay, okay.

Speaker 1  3:27:00
But for the most part, this is a good time to be doing this. You've got, you've got the time to spend on it. It

Matthias Miller  3:27:05
looks like, okay, so there's one question. Perry's idea back at round table was, go find 15 people and sell them on a 3k a month like Round Table Style offer. Yep, I talked to rich about it. Sorry. Let me give context for this. I think, I think we can draw a line in the sand and say, this is the general and this is the end of the plan, the quarterly priority discussion,

Unknown Speaker  3:27:33
okay, sure, yeah, sure.

Matthias Miller  3:27:36
Following up on roundtable. One of the thoughts was, can we get 15 people paying 3k a month for business coaching and some capacity roundtable type agreement. Or, you know, I think there's also the question, would they actually, actually want to pay for coaching? Or should they be paying me as a fractional CEO? And does that make it easier for them, even if I basically do the same thing, and the owner works for me, and I have clear boundaries, but it feels like they're hiring somebody to go do stuff instead of just paying for knowledge. Which, why would I do that?

Unknown Speaker  3:28:16
Why would you do why would I

Matthias Miller  3:28:17
just go pay somebody for information when I don't know, like, what's the value? Sure, I think I kind of feel like there's a little bit of a head scratcher problem there. But maybe not, maybe it's I just don't know how to sell it yet.

Speaker 1  3:28:29
I think that's fair. I guess my thought process, okay, I've got a whole bunch of stuff I still need to scroll through here. My thought process on this is, it's a little bit of a 3d vision in my mind. Right at the moment. We've got these wheel spokes going in now for shed rescue, but I still think there's a value add version of shed Titan that belongs right on top of that, which is something along the lines of your most premium offer, like this would be the coaching or consulting part for the for the 1% of people who are truly driven, who really care, who really match up with you. And then when you find one or two of those people, you do start creating that roundtable offer, and you have it, and then you just kind of, you know, and those are going to be the cream of the crop, premium people. And I think that's what to my mind. The brand shed Titans makes more sense there. And you can graduate from shed rescue to shed Titans, because you don't need to be rescued anymore, right? Like, well, it's fair whole new level of business, like an identity kind of and I think that's where a lot of that stuff falls anyway. I don't think you'd be working with Perry unless you had a strong identity resonance with what Perry has to offer.

Matthias Miller  3:29:40
I think that's fair. So,

Speaker 1  3:29:43
yeah, that's my, my thought process of it. So I jotted it back down, up at the top, with, you know, with potential entry points, because there's no reason that couldn't also be an entry point if you met that person tomorrow. I think it's no, it's right. I think it's just sort of the off. Opportunity is possibly not there yet in the shed business for you?

Matthias Miller  3:30:04
Well, I think basically what we're saying is, when we look at entry point, quick cash, option, options, these things fell into our lap, and it makes more sense and and these make sense to pursue more of we think. And we got a little bit of a head scratch with the round table. Not, not a no, but a head scratch.

Speaker 1  3:30:25
I don't know. No, I don't know. Well, yeah, and I think I had kind of a thought a little earlier about values, sort of the bigger conversation, which is, man, we're pretty connected to the idea of serving a particular community, and looking at that in in a values perspective of, are you more connected to serving a particular community, or are you more connected to meeting your lifestyle or income goals? Not in a bad way, you know, but like in a right, in a way. And so, I mean if, if you ever had to Jetson the shed industry to meet your lifestyle goals, because the people that are going to create that lifestyle for you just aren't there. You know, which decision would you wind up making? Are you playing smaller in the shed industry? Are you playing bigger somewhere else?

Matthias Miller  3:31:13
I mean, I think, I think I would absolutely jettison if, if it, if it came down to that. I just, I think there's the return of ads, you know, the return on asset of experience, knowledge, right? And there's the land of the blind when I manage the king. And I totally think, like if I could just, I don't know how to do this without diluting, diluting it and still making it successful and having it be just a side project. But, and this is probably a horrible idea in my jettison, it might might threaten the ship, but if I could have a lightweight Facebook campaign that's running at $10 a day that gets me leads for HubSpot Migration Advisory Services. I mean, isn't that also just a beautiful option?

Speaker 1  3:32:13
Yes. And isn't that sort of the, what are we calling it the guided implementation?

Matthias Miller  3:32:19
Yeah, it's the guided implementation. We just don't care about industry. If

Speaker 1  3:32:24
you want to pull, yeah, if you want to pull people into the guided implementation from a whole other marketing Avenue, then, but we also have, like, we know what the pricing is, we know what the time commitment is, and we can slot that into what we're already doing. I don't think that necessarily ruins anything or threatens anything, right? Because we because it already fits into what we're doing. And I had just sort of jotted down, you know, based on that idea, it might be a vertical growth factor that we're looking at, I mean, to really meet your lifestyle and income goals over time. It might be exactly that you might start taking what you have done in the shed industry and getting wins in bigger industries and then growing in bigger industries, that just might be what has to happen over time.

Matthias Miller  3:33:11
Well. And there might also be an avenue in which I get, I don't know, can I get 100 CRM users in the space or couple 100, and then sell for a 5x multiple to shed sweet. And I don't know what that number comes out to. So that's, that's 100 100 times. 10,000 is a million. I mean that that seems Wait, if I can get 100 this seems too easy. It's not. It's a lot of work. But if I can get 100 Mr. Clients at 10k a year, that's that's a million in MRR, right, right? Times a, I mean, times the three or 4x multiple. That's the end of the game. I mean, that's not the end of the game, but that's it kind of is based on this definition of the game.

Speaker 1  3:34:11
Yeah, I think that's fair. I think it's I think it's really fair, and probably really important to also throw in this idea that you probably deserve and need some just discrete successes. In terms of, you need an end goal and like a major achievement that you have achieved, I mean, not just to sell, but also to feel good about it. So we can't keep iterating the same thing, and we just kind of, we work towards a goal that is an end goal. And doesn't mean it's the end, because, of course, you'll be you'll already have 15 other ideas you want to do, and that would be great. You'll have the time freedom to do it. So I like that idea. I think end of the game makes sense. I

Matthias Miller  3:34:53
always imagined it'd be some kind of, I mean, I think in a conventional service based business, I. It's been brutal exiting from the partnership with codegraphers for a variety of reasons, but, but there is no great multiple right in that business, right? So anyway, okay, so basically my comment to Perry is what I said earlier. We thought it would be round table type stuff would be easy to sell. I don't know if it's my own, you know, maybe I'm too concussion friend. I mean, maybe I need another Josh long concussion and I could sell it or but these other things fell into my lap, and it just seems, especially on the advisory side, they're so stupid simple shooting fish in a barrel that I think playing around with. Does it seem right to you for me to use the code house brand? Am I missing something using the code house brand to play around with, with advisory CRM advisory implementations

Unknown Speaker  3:36:03
that are outside of the shed industry, outside

Matthias Miller  3:36:05
of the shed industry. Sure,

Speaker 1  3:36:09
I don't really see a reason not to do that, as long as at the back end, on the core, like on your calendar, at our strategy, as we're planning your time, all of that comes together, and we're not splitting that into two things.

Matthias Miller  3:36:22
And I think it can, yeah, it just means there's less systemization. But again, it's advisory. So

Speaker 1  3:36:29
not necessarily because I mean, again, as I'm as I'm envisioning it, we are also selling these guided implementation, advisory role engagements for you from the sheds too. And so what it becomes is we kind of standardize well over time, and it's going to take some time, but I think we do need to standardize. Well, okay, you get 60 days all in all, or whatever it is, you 30 to 60 days all in all, the engagement ends. And so you have to do your part. You have to do your part on time. You know, like we have to meet these general goals, and by the end of this, you get a total of this amount of time on my calendar and and we just sort of run that, regardless of where that comes from. That's how we should deliver it. Is what I think

Matthias Miller  3:37:13
well, it also yields some really interesting avenues, too, of what companies in our area are big enough to use HubSpot and are using it when I know my area is not that big, but where I could go shake hands and say, Look, you just need to do this differently so, or even Colorado Springs, where You can also leverage local avenues, which that's all runs on slant, lab explorer, who knows whatever, talk it out with Jonathan, whatever I feel like, kind of stuff. Good. Okay, okay, awesome.

Speaker 1  3:37:50
Well, that is fair. We did not get through some of this task related stuff, but I do think we should end and then I will just kind of, we can kind of work through this over the next couple weeks and decide if we want to download, if it goes on our next working session or whatever. Okay.

Matthias Miller  3:38:05
Sounds good. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  3:38:07
Sounds good. Have a great day. Talk to you later. You too. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai