Speaker 1  01:18
Howdy, can you hear me? I can just on the other line. Give me 15 seconds to Hang that line up, please. Yep.

Speaker 2  02:38
I'm sorry about that. No worries. Alright. So how are you?

Matthias Miller  02:48
I need to get back to her. I. if this is, I don't know what this is but. I got a whole bunch of CRM implementations collected before I left on vacation, went on vacation, came back and got nice check a little bit earlier than I hoped, and I have been shocked by how well things have been Going without explicitly trying to make everything work so cool. Like, what kinds of things, for example, I don't like? I mean, just financially, specifically, okay, like, just like this check coming in a week early to make things not be quite as razor thin. There you go. And I look back over the past thing of like this client I referred out who came back to me the beginning of the year, the CRM implementation that fell into my lap, the I don't know, and I know I've been planting seeds. It's just anyway. This is neat to see. I'm grateful. Basically, that's awesome. I think I don't plan enough see that's a good point. Yeah. Well, right. Well, what help me, actually? Let's go over some of those older things. So I think there had been a couple projects there. She'd asked if I was interested in a few weeks back. One was ATP related, yep. And I think there was even another one. Let me just see if I can find in our chat history or something here. Yeah. I That reminds me I never heard back from was it Heather? Heather? Yeah, she's texting. She's working on getting CRM stuff set up. I've been kind of working on port and all this other kinds of stuff. So Uh, ATP, I think she was the one I was potentially. I was considering having you do ATP, for if she just wants to get off her plate. And number 14, she wants to talk, I can offer to get it completely off her plate, if she would like. Which means getting you access to all the related stuff and figuring out what that process needs to

Unknown Speaker  05:29
be. And

Matthias Miller  05:41
so I there's a whole bunch of lack of clarity with this. I don't know what to I don't know what to do. I feel like I basically just need to, need to charge her for some basic, well, either I don't know what, there's just basic lack of clarity. I need to touch it with with her, figure out what I'm charging her. Figure out if she's signing up for a coaching plan and all that stuff, and see if she wants to literally do it all herself and wants to hand it off, okay? And if she wants to hand it off, figure out what the scope and prices of that and just go do it anyway. So if that happens, then yes, we would have ATP. We would have porting.

Unknown Speaker  06:26
Oh, she's, she's the porting use case as

Unknown Speaker  06:28
well. Yes, cool. Okay.

Matthias Miller  06:33
Anyway, so that's, that's where that's at. I don't have much clarity, but hopefully within the next day or two, I will okay. I don't think there's any other older stuff. Is there.

Speaker 1  06:45
I just scrolled to the top of the signal chat with Audra, and you had the first thing you'd ask in there was, would you be interested in doing productized CRM implementations? We moved straight from that into the ATP conversation, so that may have been what you had in mind. But what something else as well?

Matthias Miller  07:03
Yeah, there is some. There would be something else. It would be. So if we do focus on HubSpot, it would be stuff like, I would write a Python script to grab all conversation history and stuff out. But we would basically for white glove implementation. You would, you we would come up with. You know, ATP, registration, number, ports, contact, export, opportunity, export, import.

Matthias Miller  07:36
Automation, duplication, email, sequence duplication, etc, etc, which is basically just the tactical piece of executing

Speaker 1  07:48
a that's a full migration from HubSpot to DHL, DHL. So what worries me about that a little well, obviously, that is not a one size fits all like unless everybody is just bare bones, very basic, it'd be risky to do like, you know, migration from 199 with automations included. Like, we'd have to find out what those automations were and stuff, you know, I think there's

Matthias Miller  08:15
a number. I mean, okay, so at a minimum, we have to say we have up to, you know, 20 automation. But maybe, maybe there is a due diligence in which, or there's a clause that says that,

Unknown Speaker  08:30
I don't know,

Speaker 1  08:32
they say, like, anything that requires custom programming, or something like that, like where we have a little bit of control over how it gets defined, case by case,

Matthias Miller  08:41
right? Presumably, something like that. I mean, the other option would be a, okay, you want to price. It's about this. Give us access. We'll do an audit and shoot you a and then off of that, we'll put together the delivery. And you know,

Speaker 1  09:04
I like that in the general sense. I will point out so somebody else who's doing sales was just telling me how they are finding in the real world, where he's still testing it. So this is not ironclad, but he's finding that the marketplace right now seems to have a way bigger appetite for a productized, fixed price thing than for anything custom or percentage or per lead based, yep, because it is kind of the opposite of that. It was moving in just the other way about five years ago, right? But with that in mind, like, literally, from the sales and marketing point of view, I think, I think of almost any SAS platform, right? You got three you got four options. You got $29 a month, $99 a month, $300 a month in enterprise, right? Like, that's how it all. Always goes, Oh yeah, enterprise just means anything that's outside of the scope of the first three. And so we should probably do something similar, like, you know, having the first three is a great idea, by the way, but at the very least a fixed price one that fits almost everybody. And then enterprise or power users,

Matthias Miller  10:21
or we've got, we got three levels. Okay, so let's do, let me send this. We need to add enterprise for custom workflows

Unknown Speaker  10:36
that need programming.

Matthias Miller  10:40
Okay, so yes, you're thinking about the right way, and I completely agree with sales. That's what I've my very limited experience has seen. And so the baseline is advisory. You've got somebody on your end who's technically minded. I help drive the project forward, provide my insight and expertise, map out a project plan. They go do all the grunt work, and perfect for a company that's big, big enough that has an internal technical user who can go make it happen. So that's the base tier. Then you have a standard tier, which is, you know, don't export conversation history, because that requires extra work, because there's no native export. I need to be involved. And we can have a custom app, custom script, to do all that, but, you know, and then we have the premium. And then, like you said, enterprise, which is basically like what you said, custom pricing. Call us the details.

Speaker 1  11:39
I've got a phone call. I've been trying to get all this guy weeks. Can I put you on hold For a minute? Yep, just Minute. I

Unknown Speaker  17:14
I'm almost done with this call. All Right,

Unknown Speaker  17:14
I'm It's almost done with this call. All right. It's almost done with this call. All right. It's almost done with this call. All right. It's almost done with this call. All right. Sorry about that. No worries. Okay, I just

Speaker 1  20:53
started to take a note. Oh, yeah. So we were talking about the different tiers you might offer there on a HubSpot. So, and then, to be clear, you were thinking of starting a funnel for this, like because you were mentioning some guy that was Facebook ads and it was going good for him, or something like that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  21:12
exactly. So start a this is like nights and weekends project, skunk works. But follow his model, which is basically video open targeting, retarget people with 25 so half your budget on a video targeting views, retargeting people with at least 25% views with a case study, and, you know, unique method and all this stuff, which he lays out. And then quarter goes to the retargeting article, then another quarter to messenger ads with a reminder to click on the one pager. And then there's a an offer to buy a $5 custom plan, which is a GPT that gives you a custom plan. And then you book calls off of that.

Unknown Speaker  21:55
Let's do it. Yeah, yeah. My,

Matthias Miller  21:57
my idea is, I mean, if there's a world, okay, so I have to be really careful I don't mess up core business. But advising on HubSpot implementation is falling off a log easy, and it's good money, and I don't know what your

Speaker 1  22:17
cut. Can we say my car horn is honking of all weird things. Hang on a second. Yep, I

Unknown Speaker  22:50
sorry, okay, sorry about that.

Matthias Miller  22:53
All right, no worries. So the advisory thing is not disruptive, falling off a log easy, high value gives confidence and certainty and makes them do all the groundwork, or their team member, which is just the most beautiful thing, because to them, it's just like the business owners, like, oh, I can write a check. It happens. Yeah, cool. And the poor team members, like, I have to do all of this. Yeah, I do. And I get to play bad guy and be like, Okay, guys, come on. Like, move it. Move it. Like, come on. Like, get your anyway. So, so I don't know what's in it for you in the near term, although it's almost it would be shocking to me if we signed on five clients and one of them didn't really need some help with lead gen.

Unknown Speaker  23:41
Okay, yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:42
so I think it could also be a really good tip of the spear offer for you. Now this is me, the the idealistic, opportunistic, hyper, optimistic version of me as a salesperson, pitching you and why you should do that, which you don't really need. But what's in it for you? There's the you know, uninformed optimism side of it. Now the other option too is somebody comes up and says, ah, but we have to do it. We need you to do it. And we'll really do an implementation, and I'll reluctantly give myself a Josh long concussion and say, Oh yeah, I don't know that's going to be 30 grand. Would you? Would you like to pay by check or wire? And we, quote, quote, reluctantly do it. And it throws my life sideways, and I asked Audra for forgiveness and buy her estate dinner.

Speaker 1  24:41
Yeah, that's, that's great, yeah. Okay, so I, and I'm assuming that you want some help with the Facebook funnel build out. Is that right or No,

Matthias Miller  24:51
I think so. And I don't know what exactly I need, because I feel like, I mean, probably the biggest thing would be, I'm becoming increasingly comfortable. Running Facebook ads, good or bad? Probably because I don't know anything, but probably working with, like, more strategy side, like tactical strategy. Like, what's our unique mechanism? To me, and is there even a unique mechanism? Do you even need one? To me, this is drop dead simple. Like, if you're using HubSpot, your your lighting, or,

Speaker 1  25:24
you know, I agree. I think it's that simple. You're burning unless you are the, you know, unless you can, yeah, real quick. Did you ever hear that thing about Steve Jobs firing people when he returned to Apple the second time. Okay, so, you know, he started Apple, and then he, I can't even remember what happened, he left. He got bored or got disgraced, or whatever, but, like, Apple lived on without him for a while in the mid 80s, right? And so he was gone for a few years, and then he came back as the big dog and and turned apple into everything. Apple is today, starting with the fruit colored iMac. And in his mind, while he was gone, it had turned into a tip, you know, non innovative, non bleeding edge, just like stale Corporation. And so the first thing he did when he got there was slash and burn. And so they said that what he would do is, when he would come in for work in the morning, he would ride the elevator. Because he'd been gone for a few years, half the employees had no idea who he was like by sight. Yeah. And so anybody who got on the elevator with him, he would just look at him and say, so what do you do here, and if they couldn't give him a clear answer by the time the elevator ride ended, he would fire them on the spot, which is kind of horrible in some ways, but like, if you stop and think about it, and I guarantee you, he accidentally fired some introvert who was really good at what they did and just didn't know how to talk like me. But in spite of that, he really cleaned up the company fast doing that. And it's almost like if you can't tell me why you have to use HubSpot, then you don't need HubSpot.

Matthias Miller  27:17
You're lighting dollar bills on fire. And you're lighting dollar bills on fire Exactly. Stop doing it. Yeah. If you're a company under 10 million, yep. And if you're doing less than that in annual revenue, and you can explain to me and ready set go now, tell me why you need it. You don't have an answer. You're letting dollar bills on higher, yeah, what 1000s of companies are doing instead? Exactly.

Speaker 1  27:45
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm not saying the ad needs to say that, but I think the ad needs to hit on the, you know, you're just torching Money, money, and I can prove it to you. Okay, well, how do you prove it to me? Easy. You tell me why you need HUD spot. That's it, right? That's it. And if you can't really persuade me with numbers on why you need HubSpot, then you're just earning money. And there I proved my point

Matthias Miller  28:09
exactly. The fun thing about implementations is that you're not selling against other companies. You're selling against HubSpot, the annual contract renewal fee. Yeah, it's like, oh, I can pay you a $20,000 implementation. You get rid of a $40,000 a year contract. Sure, it's too easy, he said, before he gets into it. So, but what should that video be?

Speaker 1  28:38
Then? Okay, can you remind me, like, can I see any of this guy's stuff, the fellow we're talking about?

Matthias Miller  28:46
Yeah, it's in the nothing held back, but I can copy and paste. I'm

Speaker 1  28:50
I am in oil. I'm not the paid one, but I'm in the free one.

Speaker 3  28:54
No, it's in the free one. But I can also go to chanty and copy it for my Senate Audra. I There

Unknown Speaker  29:12
you go.

Speaker 1  29:14
Okay, any chance you got a link to that so I can see the guy and maybe find his I

Speaker 3  29:17
don't, but if you search for it, okay, Got it, of course,

Unknown Speaker  29:25
one second here.

Unknown Speaker  29:41
Where is my

Speaker 1  29:52
you know, you've been busy when you go to Open Facebook and you're logged out.

Unknown Speaker  29:59
Well. Going to have to drop off in about six minutes. So

Unknown Speaker  30:02
understood, all good, all good. Just

Unknown Speaker  30:07
Caleb Shaw, does that sound right? I

Unknown Speaker  30:10
don't know. Probably Okay, that's fine.

Matthias Miller  30:14
I mean, if the text is the same, it is, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  30:18
The new myth. So add one. He literally has this in there, which is kind of what I was looking for. Add one, the new method. One the new method, 60 seconds engagement objective, introduces your unique way to get the end result. And so, you know, let's play contrarian here. What's unique about us is that it's not unique at all. We're just drawing it to your attention.

Matthias Miller  30:37
Well, I mean, but the unique way is everybody thinks that. I mean, everybody sells HubSpot as the status symbol, and there's this. I mean, I would, I don't know if I'm crazy. I have to be careful what I what I say about high level publicly, I think. And I need to go back and read the marketing guidelines as a reseller, but, but people are using this, this, this, people, people are ditching this enterprise, slow moving behemoth for this agile thing that's taking over the world by storm. And here's our method, and we come up with some kind of unique secret sauce of like, like, here's what we do, like, and most people will tell you to, I don't know, like, they give you this long list, and they get really complicated, and we, we do it while the engine's running, and our special method, like, literally gives you tighter integration with Facebook, and, you know, gives you AI tools. And, I mean, maybe that's not, that's more features, not method. I don't know what the method is yet. That's probably the place I get most of

Speaker 1  31:47
and I, you know, seriously, the fastest way to solve that problem is probably to go have a conversation with chat. GPT, yeah. Okay, but it's not, I'm suddenly this. This is a pretty straightforward, and literally, we should, we should split test that video endlessly. We can try. We actually, we can tell the Steve Jobs story right in the ad. Like, I'm not saying that should be the first version, but we could try that. It might get a lot of business owners thinking, because, you know, he's just kind of universally respected. It would make a neat hook if you literally started with when Steve Jobs returned to Apple, the first thing he did was, right, like, literally, that's the first words of the video, something like that,

Matthias Miller  32:31
well, or Elon Musk did the same Twitter. The first thing he did was slash costs. Yeah, from the from the income statement, slash expenses. And if you're a business owner using HubSpot, I can almost guarantee, and I can hear, I can well, if you're a business owner using HubSpot, you're at risk of losing $40,000 a year and getting absolutely nothing back in your business. Yeah, and we can fix that, not by trying to add more to your business, but but just by axing a big part of that expense, yeah, and we have this method where we help businesses run leaner, meaner, smoother, more efficiently, and it's better than than what it was before, plus you get the actual money

Speaker 2  33:19
back. Yeah, yeah, totally. And

Matthias Miller  33:23
then from there, it's like, all right. And then you have the method. You introduce the method, but Elon Musk, but, you know, but we and if it's blue collar or something like that, then it's like, I don't know if you really want to go after those people. I have no idea. Uh, um, they're

Matthias Miller  33:49
not gonna want Elon Musk, I guess is what I'm saying. And Steve Jobs, that's not, they're like, who cares

Unknown Speaker  33:55
to me? Yep, okay,

Speaker 1  34:02
all right. And I think you said you had to drop the other thing we're going to talk about was

Matthias Miller  34:09
your blog, yeah, so I did put up an opt in page. I think it's janky. I think I should probably it might make more sense to have people do a Facebook lead form and use automation to push it back to my blog platform. Most intriguing is the fact that I have this ad that's performing at 14% click through rate in my local area.

Speaker 1  34:40
Somewhat so I'll let me share Spanish. Gonna say this real fast, because I know you have to go, ready set this is, this is your blog, right? We're looking

Speaker 2  34:48
at it by miller.com I don't have it pulled up, I guess. So, um,

Speaker 1  34:53
way back when I first got into internet marketing and was buying all the training I could get my hands on one of the gurus. Yes, and I was very picky about what gurus I would listen from, and I cannot remember who it was or what the training was, but they talked about doing exactly this kind of thing and then actually getting leads from it. And so they said that the best thing to do was to go ahead and put on your page, like in the in the theme stuff in the sidebar and such, literally in the same position that you would put banner ads if you were monetizing your site with ads. But in this case, it's your own stuff leading to your own stuff. And the one thing I remember about it is that whoever it was said, and this might just be a split test, but they said that most people trying that makes a mistake of putting the banner ads on the outside right and the bottom, whereas, if you think of the typical F pattern that everybody talks about in in Page Optimization, then it works way better to Put the ad on the left sidebar and at the top. And so by AD, I probably literally mean, like a graphic that would get their attention. It looks like an ad, and they click on it, and but it goes to another page on your own site, where you then sell them on, like you need to sign up for my email list, because you can get more of this or whatever, and then that. That does not preclude having other call to actions, like in the middle of the article, like all the growth hacker type people would do, or at the bottom, or a pop up. Rather, you can literally do all of the above. But yeah, I thought of that when I saw this, like missed opportunity. Have something here and maybe something at the top, like, weirdly enough, it almost makes a blog look slightly more legit when it has something like that, because people are so used to it, right,

Matthias Miller  36:52
like, it feels like a media site now, yeah, yep, yeah, that's very interesting. And then you would, you would do a conversion ad with the same you would just do it with the just add those images, but with the conversion objective.

Speaker 1  37:04
Oh, but so I'm literally talking about it looks like an ad, but it's not an not a network

Matthias Miller  37:10
ad. No, I know. But like you would, you would run traffic to the post and tell Facebook to have a conversion objective where people are going to click through and do a conversion event. Or would you just drive traffic and see if you

Speaker 1  37:21
got I was, since the traffic situation is so good, I would leave that part completely alone. Yeah, test that idea as well. But I wasn't thinking that initially.

Matthias Miller  37:33
The other thing I'm thinking of, because it's local, is the I'm very intrigued with, the I'm under skilled and I'm over skilled and underpaid, yeah? Because that's like, an almost universal problem, yeah, with a lot of different reasons why, and so I'm also playing around. I have I told, I told Bonita that I think I need, like, one to two evenings, or week Saturday afternoons, were for, like, hobby stuff, which I know that sounds like, not that much, but with crazy life, and pick an evening to do an event three weeks out and see if I can fill an event around like it might actually be a better way to get opt ins, a less expensive way to get opt ins, to drive traffic to an event like that, and get people to show up, and Get them to sign up onto the email list to attend the event, yeah. And then way stickier. Way stickier,

Unknown Speaker  38:33
yeah. And it's very

Matthias Miller  38:34
interesting problem to solve, which is just again, all this stuff. Side note, I know I gotta drop but in our planet strategy meeting, I think Audra and I were both agreed that it is a wonderful relief to get my ADD, create, creative, innovative brain out of the business and let making money stay boring, as boring as possible. And it's been a big relief to have something like this, to put all this great I

Unknown Speaker  38:59
love that. I just love it. That's awesome.

Matthias Miller  39:04
That is great. Okay, better ads. But then, I mean, would you do lead forms for opt ins with if you have enough of a barrier to make sure people don't do it by accident?

Speaker 1  39:18
I don't know, just another thing to test, right? I'm

Matthias Miller  39:23
trying to figure out how to get opt ins on $1 a day budget. That's the that's the net that I'm trying to crack. Yeah,

Speaker 1  39:30
I Well, so it doesn't cost you anymore to do what I recommended there. So maybe give it a try. I

Matthias Miller  39:36
think there's an avenue to do engagement posts between here and the opt in to do some kind of engagement post around messenger ads to start try to strike up messenger conversations. That might be a smaller baby step. What do you think about that smaller

Unknown Speaker  39:53
baby step?

Speaker 1  39:55
I can see all. I can see all kinds of retargeting, right? So, like, once you have. The basic thing up try, try leave foreign ads, try messenger ads, try whatever else. And then on this blog you can try all kinds of different ways of capturing the people who got there with the traffic objective. I kind of doubt I could be totally wrong. I kind of doubt that sending them back here with retargeting budget would be the way to go. I would think, no, it's probably something anything else, if you were spending ads on retargeting, spending budget on retargeting? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:27
and it's going to be hard to spend a lot of budget on retargeting, because even at five cents a click, it's only 20 people a day, and it's only whenever they show up on Facebook, so it's literally probably almost a 20 cent a day budget on retargeting. Yeah, yeah. But those people are going to be like, we see you everywhere. What is up with you? Which

Speaker 1  40:46
is the classic thing with retargeting, is like, you know, you look like you're as big as Coca Cola on a small budget, because they see you everywhere. Well,

Matthias Miller  40:54
I wonder how much work is it to do Google display or YouTube ads,

Speaker 1  41:00
none. I mean, you know, I see it's enough work to take time, but, like, that's not a problem. We should try it. This is my wheelhouse. Like, if I could do stuff all day long, that would be it. You do know, I wrote a book on retargeting, right?

Matthias Miller  41:15
Yeah, you did maze, the maze book with what's his name? Yes. Rob.

Unknown Speaker  41:19
Yeah, Rob.

Matthias Miller  41:23
I also wish, I almost wish there would be, like a, I don't know if it's frictionless teams. I don't know what it is. I wish I had an actual offer, like something to sell them, like a

Speaker 1  41:36
well. So you gotta go. Let's talk again, and we need an MVP on an offer enough to build a lit. Yeah, at some point we'll have to get some handle on who we're talking to and what we're trying to do. But what I was about to get at is basically, we need to build a list. It's got to be defined somehow, business owners, small business owners, HubSpot users, whatever, shed guys, anything, pick something, and once we figure out a way to get an email list, it's gravy from there, because we can survey the list. Well,

Matthias Miller  42:11
okay, so, and I want to make it as part of the problem is I'm torn between this, make it as broad as possible, and this, but I have very specific interest, but I think it's some kind of faith based leadership type of thing, okay, you got to be somewhat philosophical. I mean, it's, it's all versions of me, in some cases, or complimentary personalities to myself, yeah? Philosophical, curious, intellectual, business minded, growth minded, you know, values based, faith based. And the more I talk about that, the narrow and narrower and narrower the list becomes. And I'm like, but I hate that, because I'm also looking for to flip the funnel and do something like, why are highly skilled people underpaid? And just completely blow the thing wide open.

Speaker 1  42:57
I really like that, that that bit about why are highly skilled people under faith? By the way, do you know how much pain there is in the industry from people like myself and Alex, who, I don't know if you want to call us highly skilled or not, but we've got some skills. You are and just cannot. I don't. I don't know what my problem is. Can't figure out how to get customers. Is what I normally say. Maybe there's some other problem. But like, a while, for the last few years, Justin Brooke has tackled this exact two markets you just talked about, faith based and, like, I got skills, but I gotta make this work. Um, from multiple angles, are you on any of Justin Brooks

Matthias Miller  43:37
list? I see some of his offers periodically, and he's got blogs

Speaker 1  43:41
and social profiles out there as well, you should look at but it might be worth your while. Maybe you should have a chat GPT conversation and have it go fetch and distill some adjusting stuff. But like, Are you out of time?

Matthias Miller  43:55
I really probably should drop I think. But here's where, here's where the fun is. The fun is go build a little booklet, or ebook or or something, or even a print booklet that I can have Rhonda drop in the mail and like, like, I would have buy something tangible. Like, here's the real report for 999, yeah, and of why highly skilled people and I go change the chat DPT to go riff on all the reasons I've seen, like, highly skilled people under earn and like, go as long and as hard as I can, a four hour chat, GPT conversation, if possible. Go, throw it into Claude, say, Claude, go. What's the outline? All right, part one, part two, part three, part four, Part Five, all the way through to the end. All right. Put it into a PDF. Staple it together, and boom, go. And now you have a I put together, I spent, I spent four hours recounting the best of the best, the worst of the worst, and the depths and the depths. And here's a 40 page result report of all the reasons why and everything you can do about it. And if you want it, it's. It's, it's the value of my consulting time, if you want to do it like this is, or whatever the price anchor is, and you can have it for yours today, for 999, yeah, and and then just see, like, I feel like that as a as an offer to get people to raise the hand, and it's exclusive. It's a print only exclusive. You can only get it here because, I don't know, fill in the blank, because I love crazy stuff like that. Okay, awesome. I gotta drop but that's cool. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  45:35
Sounds good. All right, yep, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai