Matthias Miller  00:21
Hey, Matt, Hello. How's it going good? How are you

Unknown Speaker  00:29
good? Good, good.

Speaker 1  00:33
Eric, can you hear us? Yes, I can hear everybody. My screen just went funky.

Unknown Speaker  00:39
Though you still look very handsome. On my screen,

Speaker 1  00:43
I can't see anything. It says, like it basically says that the Zoom meeting is no longer existing, and I can hear you guys both. So

Matthias Miller  00:54
I would say this very much. I got you.

Speaker 2  00:58
Okay, cool, awesome. Well, it's been a while since the three of us jumped on a call for go high level. And what prompted this, or what was a major prompt for this, Matt, is that my brain is finally catching up on just CRM stuff in general, we've added Scott to our sales team, and so onboarding a new person, after being a little bit more familiar with it, just opened my eyes to some some different things. And then the second thing happened was we had Eric take a take, or Eric took a week off. And we just, I just realized my lack of involvement and leadership in this area so far and so trying to, we're taking action now. And part, the third part is that we now that we have two high quality sales guys on the team, just realizing still how many, how, how broad the gap is between where we're currently at and where we want to be as a sales driven company instead of an operations driven company. So that's the context as to why I wanted to schedule this meeting with the three of us today. For a while, we haven't been able to articulate the direction we want to go with certain things, and so you haven't really had clear direction on what to do on your end, I feel like, would you agree with that?

Matthias Miller  02:49
Yeah. I mean, there's been consistent talks about, can we do this? Can we do that? But never any if there have been a misfit, like, let's pull the trigger and let's go do this.

Speaker 2  03:00
Yeah, yeah. And so I am our goal is to start pulling the trigger a little bit more. We just want to make sure we're shooting at the right target. So, so let me pull up that email I sent you to make sure I follow.

Speaker 2  03:33
All right, so custom, so we want to talk about customer dashboards, new pipelines and forms for events, smart tags and then round robin fixes, along with some various other things. That's our nice catch all,

Unknown Speaker  03:50
I think, for the first step is what I'm learning. And Eric, feel free to

Speaker 2  04:01
jump in on any of this. What I'm learning is that we just aren't currently set up as a company to track the right kind of data to really know, to really be what we're defining as a sales driven company right now, the two the two data points that we look at through the through with anything that you're related to is going to be the dashboard in GHL, and then that sales analytics dashboard that you created for me. But other than that, the shed app can help, but that's not really a comprehensive look at our sales department as a whole that's specific to our sheds. So so we were talking how we just would like, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the current dashboard that we have. What's one of the challenges? Right now is that it compares it underneath the primary number it says versus the last 31 days. So that doesn't necessarily help us if we're trying tracking it month to month, which is historically what Colorado shed company has done. That's the data I have in some old spreadsheets. I And so, yeah, I didn't know, did you create the dashboard as it is? Or was that something that kind of was like a template that go high level offers?

Matthias Miller  05:33
Or what? Sure that was? Oh, go ahead. Pretty sure that was a template.

Speaker 2  05:45
Like, I like some of the I mean, I like opportunity status. I like stage distribution. I think, honestly, the what I don't like is how little we can actually manipulate the numbers to to like, be like, Oh, okay, looking at November. For the last however long we've used this system, right? So obviously, this is the first November we've been in go high level, but so that's been a challenge. And then there's some, there's some stuff in here on this dashboard that actually isn't applicable to us, like the Google business profile, Google Analytics, lead source report.

Unknown Speaker  06:34
The Google Analytics would be, on some level,

Speaker 2  06:37
it'd be helpful. Well, it's just it's not connected. So it's, there's it says no data found.

Unknown Speaker  06:43
It would actually be very

Speaker 2  06:44
I agree, Eric, it'd be very helpful. And then even like we're, we are, we are starting to do some Facebook ads. So if there's something that we need to have Rachel do, and then I like the sales efficiency stuff. But it just feels like, or not feels like, I don't like that. We can't manipulate it. And it's manipulate the comparison. So it says it's 76 like on the funnel, we're down 76.36% versus the last 31 days. I either need to be trained and educated on what to do with that information, or I would love to be able to have it more specific to what We want to track. I

Matthias Miller  08:00
I mean, is it even? Does DHL even support month to month calendar, month comparisons?

Unknown Speaker  08:17
That's a good question to the first question I

Matthias Miller  08:32
I mean, I think you're the I can, I might have an answer for that. I mean, I'm not seeing anything immediately. Obviously, it does, um, versus default range for dashboards.

Matthias Miller  08:52
I mean, you can just change the time period. Well, if you can't set future time periods is so you, I mean, you get month to date comparisons by just hitting the calendar and saying this month.

Speaker 2  09:11
Did you share your screen? So, yeah, I'm still getting a little more familiar. Can you share your screen and show me or I

Matthias Miller  09:25
just hit this month, and it'll do a prior month, month day comparison.

Speaker 2  09:30
So, okay, so when it says versus the last 25 days, that's,

Matthias Miller  09:35
well, that is, that is a good, good point, that that's actually the last way probably be the last prior month.

Speaker 1  09:44
Yeah, because it's currently running the dates based upon where we're sitting right now. Yep,

Speaker 1  09:58
and, and I. Correct me if I'm wrong. But this could also be used by if you set a specific week right,

Matthias Miller  10:06
if you set a specific week the prior, it would, I believe it would compare

Speaker 1  10:09
the price. Just do it the prior week right in the prior, you know, so,

Speaker 2  10:15
so like for us, if we wanted to, we one of the ideally, we'd be able to project like we would love to have projections based off the data. Right now, I'm going off of an old spreadsheet. I don't know if there's a way to I don't know if these dashboards would allow us to do that. Because right like last week, I was like, hey, what? What did you I asked our sales team talked about projecting for the upcoming week, and there's there right now, we just don't have a very efficient way to do that.

Matthias Miller  10:59
Well, I mean, there's 1,000,001 questions about what you mean by projection. So there's, is it projection based on the existing lead volume and close rate, and if so, what lead volume for what time duration and what close rate for what duration? And I mean, but if it's only those two factors, Then aren't you basically just taking the previous period and extrapolating the number of sales and projecting that, are you looking at what is, what is closed rate based on open opportunity? So you're looking at how many opportunities are currently open. So if that needs some definition how you're projecting, yeah,

Speaker 2  11:39
that's a that's a good point. So I'm still trying to figure out I want to do the kiss method, which is, Keep It Simple Stupid. And so I what has happened for me in the past in these specific meetings is I'm with two I'm going to say higher thinkers than I am. And so we get lost in the weeds super quick, and then I get crippled and don't know what direction to pick. So I think what I would like to do is the purpose of the dashboard, and my understanding is, at a glance, be able to look at what's, what's the current funnel look like. How are we working that funnel, what's what's effective and what's not working well.

Matthias Miller  12:27
Okay, so that's a different topic, though. So the sales projection keep it super simple. Stupid method is sitting down every week and say, Hey, how many deals do you have in your pipeline that you could think you're going to close this week? And he says, oh, three, 610,

Speaker 2  12:44
I don't know, whatever. Yeah, so I asked him that question, and he says, How am I supposed to answer that?

Matthias Miller  12:50
Well, so how do you want him to answer that

Unknown Speaker  12:58
accurately? Like that's broad, yeah,

Speaker 2  13:02
right. It's so, yeah, I hear you, Matt. I get it. So I where, what I the problem for me in my specific position is I don't know what I don't know. And this is my first time working in a sales management role to this capacity. So, they're like so by through, halfway through that meeting, Scott and Eric are essentially giving me advice on how to to ask for help. So, so I essentially, I guess what? I don't have the knowledge base to create from scratch, what it is we want, I think, what I'm what, what we're hoping, is to have, and maybe this the dashboard capacity to be able to say at a glance, like, what's in your current funnel, and that'd be per sales person I don't know right now. I don't see a dashboard where I could do, have one for Scott, have one for Eric, and then I'd be able to say, Okay, right now, he has 3032, opportunities, or, sorry, 17 open opportunities out of the and then I can say, okay, out of those 17, how many do we think are closing This week? Right? Historically, what I've been doing is I have the data, sales data from since 2018 I see that we sold, on average, let's say, in the month of November, $185,000 and then I essentially take that divide, that by the amount of sales guys we have, and say, Okay, over the course of this month, each guy needs to hit X to meet our not our projected number and then, but that's it like it just feels very choppy.

Matthias Miller  14:59
Well, so. So, I mean, in my mind, this fundamentally, okay, so let's, let's break this down into its components. Fundamentally, sales comes down to two, two parts, parts you can control the parts you can't control. So what can you control? Well, you can control how much you spend for leads. Okay, great. Can you control the in you can control largely, the geographic area those leads are coming from, although you have increasingly less control over that, and hopefully, with a great campaign, you can control Okay, so seasonality is going to impact your cost per lead. So it's going to affect your your flow. But Well, run marketing should ideally be able to deliver you a certain number of leads variable based on seasonality that you should theoretically be able to contact, and that's marketing's job. So the question go ahead,

Speaker 2  15:53
so I historically, the way that CSC has invested in marketing has been or relied on the on leads is they pay somebody to manage their online website and Google ad spend, and then they rely on walk in traffic. Those are the only two things. So what, what has happened is that let's General Manager is not happy with the amount of leads or the cost per lead, they become a squeaky wheel, and then hopefully they see traction on that. Well, what's happening now is, I've gone through that process, but I still have, like, I just don't the feels like we're not gaining traction. We're not getting anywhere. So both so the but I don't have the I don't have confidence in the numbers I'm looking at to say, Okay, why are we only at this when it should like I'm pretty much relying on them to tell me how they're doing. Yes.

Speaker 1  17:04
Eric, okay. To make it simple, I think ultimately what we're kind of looking for, and you can correct me if I'm wrong, is a dashboard that sales analytics kind of what you see here, but a dashboard that is marketing analytics like a secondary one, because we can add an additional one here, yes, and that is going to be based upon like, it will have Google Analytics on it. We'll have to tie that in on the back end. It'll have form analytics. So whatever is coming to our website and the forms are converting is we'll have to have analytics on the forms themselves, or the types of leads that are coming in, whether they're call in something like that. So Jesse, basically, there's a two there's two things at play here. One is, Jesse needs something that is realistic to tracking the actual closing rate of his sales people per lead source, so that he can take it back. It's not only like, hey, how many leads we're down, but what type of leads are we getting? So that he can take it back to that and say this, you know, great, your conversion rates are clicking, but when we get them in here in the forms, this is the closing rate. So what? What can we fix on that? That's one thing. Secondarily, what he's looking for, for our sales dashboard is more the fact of like, hey, how many opportunities do you have in here? And what stage are they at? Because that means we're going to have to change the stages. We can't, can't operate like we have been. That's its own thing. But, and how much can we project to close based upon this week compared to the last month or last year's sales? Just click back and forth between them.

Matthias Miller  18:54
That's based on a an opportunity value that's assigned plus a probability per stage, probability of those per stage. Well,

Speaker 1  19:03
I'm assuming that's the only way GHL has to track that. So, yes,

Matthias Miller  19:08
yes, oh, no, go ahead. I mean, I'm not, I don't know for sure that GHL is is. So, I mean, where this dashboard lives, I think is a secondary question. I think that the question is, first of all, what is the management metrics that we're after?

Speaker 2  19:31
Yeah, the because, because I'm unfamiliar, and then I don't, I lack confidence in this, this world. I use analogies. So Colorado shed company is fishing on a boat, and we're in one pond, and every lead is a fish. And so right now we're relying on one we're putting all our eggs in one basket to get. Make sure to provide us fish or two eggs or two baskets. Sorry, walk in traffic online marketing. The problem is, I don't right now, the only data that I have to online marketing is, or how this process is going, is they send me their monthly report with a ton of graphs and things that kind of makes sense to me, but doesn't it requires me to kind of bridge the gap between what they're saying and and what our sales teams experiencing and doing, and then the second one's walk in traffic. So right now, I don't, I don't know enough. I'm I have to take them at their word, instead of just being able to look at the numbers and be like, from like, our dashboard and our experience. And I'm not tracking like, it's not I don't have a method of tracking it well yet, of saying like, okay, X amount of chats came in, X amount of forms came in. Of of the 17 open opportunities, two of those were walk in traffic. And so I just, I sit there and listen to the marketing team, and by the end, they've they've convinced me to be optimistic. And then I go and sit in a sales meeting, and I'm ready to freak out on marketing again.

Unknown Speaker  21:19
So

Speaker 2  21:23
that's like, it's just like this vicious cycle. And I don't, I'm trying to get off the hamster wheel. So where we want to do so, yeah, yeah, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  21:34
Yep, go ahead. Well, so the question is, on walk ins, are you wanting to track close rate on walk ins and number of walk ins? Yes, are does every walk in get recorded as an opportunity? No?

Speaker 2  21:51
Well, the only time an opportunity is created is when, right now, we're treating opportunities as qualified. So let's say somebody walks in our office looking for dreamwood, sure you know we're not. We're not. There's no opportunity created there. However, if a quote is provided, then an opportunity would be created.

Matthias Miller  22:14
Okay, so, so walk ins you have. So how further Are you wanting to I'm I'm going to assume, maybe this is a false assumption. I'm going to assume you want to differentiate between organic Google traffic and paid Google traffic and paid Facebook traffic. Is that a fair assumption? Yes.

Matthias Miller  22:47
And on the paid Google traffic people come to your website and they may Okay. What about phone calls? Are you wanting to attribute that to the paid traffic source?

Speaker 2  23:01
That's a good question. I mean, I guess I don't know another way, unless we just say, Hey, how did you hear about us?

Matthias Miller  23:09
Call tracking? Yeah, installing call tracking on your website? Yeah, I would love to which means, which means, which means unfortunately, fortunately or unfortunately that, I mean, it is a paid service. They come from Google. It'll swap out the phone numbers that they see, and if they click that number, then it'll, it'll tie it back out to that particular Google ad. And so it means you'll see a set of phone numbers, you know, whatever that, however big the pool is, typically five or 10 phone numbers that rotate through in the website, that get displayed to the customer to customer calls, and that's how they get tied out.

Speaker 2  23:48
That's, I think that's already happening, because we have, we've noticed that. Eric was like, hey, well, I don't know what phone numbers on our website, but that's not ours. And then I talked to life x about it, and they're like, is that a problem? All they asked me was, is that a problem? But you dial the number and it comes to us?

Speaker 1  24:07
Okay, yeah. Well, one other way to do that would actually be more simple and inside of forms in GHL is creating a call now button and place it on the website, and that would track automatically off the website. Now, that's not Google Analytics, but

Speaker 2  24:28
anyway, yeah, I guess I don't care. I unless you guys tell me otherwise, I don't know if it matters to me specifically if, if it were, it's through, well, I guess that is there. It's different from somebody calling from our website versus from Google specifically, right?

Matthias Miller  24:48
I mean, if you care about again, okay, so if you want to grand scheme of things, does this matter? The question is, what percentage of your leads are phone calls versus versus emails and quote forms and quote requests and chat. Request. That's question number

Unknown Speaker  25:01
one. Yeah, I do want to know that.

Matthias Miller  25:05
No, I mean, but it's my question to you whether this matters here. What is what is it? Or phone calls, 5% are they?

Speaker 2  25:10
20% are they percent? Well, so what I don't have lately, it's, it's swung from, in the last two years, it has swung dramatically from primarily walk in traffic to primarily online. But I don't have hard numbers. I would say it went we were over 50% I would say maybe even 65% walk ins when I was a salesman, and now we're happy to get a walk in a day.

Matthias Miller  25:54
This is not less than 90 days. And tag is okay. We have a total of Hang on, I should have done this first, 826,

Matthias Miller  26:13
this is very This is not precise, but so I'm seeing 2121 contacts created in less than 90 days out of about 800 which means that so we're looking at two and a half percent. Does that is that number look sane? Or does that look wildly off based on your experience

Speaker 2  26:44
well, or they literally call first good, sorry, yeah, that's okay. So Big Cat plumbing, toll free call like the Fed save bank, none of those, we would qualify those as leads like those are one of the problems that has happened is because our phone system is part of

Matthias Miller  27:03
this, right? But it less than 20 then. So do you really believe that in the last few months, you got had less than 20 people call in for the first time calling for a shed. It's been dead. Eric, does that sound right to you?

Speaker 1  27:20
What? Hang on a sec. This is 21 records for how many days,

Matthias Miller  27:24
9090. Days first and the first act, literally first action is calling.

Unknown Speaker  27:32
I would say that sounds about right.

Matthias Miller  27:34
Okay, so in the grand scheme of things, less than two and a half percent of your leads are coming to phone calls. It doesn't matter, right? Call tracking does not matter. So you're going to have a two and a half percent variance potentially, or, you know, plus or minus two and a half percent. So that's, that's the answer. I'm, I'm getting to, okay, make sense? Yes. So they, come to okay, then from the website. I mean, calls could be, could be tracked independently from traffic source, but tying it to the individual traffic source really doesn't matter. The other question then, is, on the website, the ways they can reach out is, once again, phone call, which we said we can ignore. It's also there's a shut up, yeah, which is currently not a non gated form. Is that right? Correct?

Speaker 2  28:36
Okay. And then there's forms, go ahead. Would we have to get it in order to track it? No, we shouldn't have to gate it to track it.

Matthias Miller  28:51
That's a that is a partially, i

Matthias Miller  29:09
That depends. I'm assuming. I don't know the answer to that.

Unknown Speaker  29:18
Okay. I mean,

Speaker 1  29:21
okay, as it as it is, right now, anything that comes in off of of TSA, two things are happening is that, like, if a customer creates the form, it's different than when we create it, that's one thing, but it does get auto tagged as far as TSA and so, I mean, you could sort off of TSA somehow or other, possibly, but, like off the tag, right?

Matthias Miller  29:51
But that doesn't differentiate traffic source, no, no.

Speaker 1  29:58
But then again, here's the other question. Is, if we're differentiating traffic source, do we have any landing page, or are we pushing anything directly towards the shed app as a primary source for for a lead source, or are they finding it as off the website? And that's the other thing, I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  30:19
but well, you would think, yeah so right now. Sorry, just second,

Speaker 1  30:34
you're good, Matt, one of the other things, just to keep in mind in the back, we are not currently using tagging properly, and so we're trying to streamline that too. So if there's a better way of doing it versus a tag situation, then great. So that's one of the things, yeah, keep it in the back of your mind.

Speaker 2  30:55
Yeah. It so right now, right now. I do not have any analytics in front of me of sourcing the difference like Matt, you saw the you saw the life X reports that they were giving us, nothing has changed. Like there's no there's been no more granule organization of that. So I when? What in it?

Speaker 1  31:24
Yeah, what about the form analytics that I showed you the other day? Jesse, I mean, we'd have access to that, Matt, if you go into form and click the analytics. But if, if you were to create a dashboard with something like this. And I don't know if that's an option, but this was super helpful for me to find by based on all the forms and all the like, every form that we have out there that's associated with GHL. Oh yeah, I forgot about this.

Matthias Miller  31:59
I mean this, this gives you a some form of good

Speaker 1  32:03
university on an individual, yeah, so you can click on individual one and see where everything's trending. It's getting a lot like some of these is just like, atrocious, but, like, we get views, but there's not

Matthias Miller  32:28
resistance getting right. There's not not showing any, let's do less 90 days.

Matthias Miller  32:45
Right, right, but it still doesn't tell you. This tells you, it tells you how many leads came from forums. It does not tell you leads by traffic source,

Unknown Speaker  32:53
right, right.

Speaker 1  33:01
Also tell us which forms are performing really well on our website too. So, right, yeah, everything is struggling. Oh,

Matthias Miller  33:32
uh, okay, well, let's I mean that okay. So just to recap, looking to do attribution or look at conversion rates by traffic source, including walk ins, paid, paid Google traffic, organic Google trap. Well, ideally organic Google traffic, we can differentiate Facebook ads and just other other website traffic, unattributable website traffic,

Speaker 2  33:59
Yeah, or like an event. So if we're at the Home and Garden Show, and that's like, random things like that, just yeah, just trying to place a return ROI on our dollar spent in marketing, and figure out, okay, what actually should get more Money? Like, what, where should we dump more resources into, versus what's not effective?

Matthias Miller  34:33
So that that's the marketing dashboard, the what's the, what's the sales projections that you're looking for?

Speaker 2  34:44
Yeah, so I and I still am so new, like the My eyes were open last week when Eric and Scott were just like, How the heck are we supposed to project anything in my mind? I. If, if somebody would have, if I would have been in ERIC seat last week, what I would have said is, Well, right now I have X amount of open opportunities based off of those conversations. I think we've, I've got four people that are, are close that I'm going to shoot for this week, valuing it 20k total. That's how I would have done it. That would have been based off of how I felt with those leads. There were there I would have not used any data other than just being familiar with my funnel or my pipeline. That's when I asked that question.

Speaker 1  35:41
It the guys were like, I don't know how, I don't know how you expect us to be able to project, Eric, you can and feel free like, I I still, like, I said, I'm, well, yeah, I mean, so, so here's the thing, projections are projections we only, we can only project based upon past, actual data. And I think that where both Scott and I were coming us from is we don't know where to find the past hard data to project. It was probably a little too complicated, like a little too over the top from what Jesse's question actually was, which is, hey, do you have anybody that you think is going to close this week? Which to me, a projection is a projection based upon data. It's not a guesstimate. And so I think that's the hard I mean, at some level, they're all guesstimates. But okay, but when I'm when Jesse asked me that question, I'm like, well, projected upon this I'm getting X amount of calls I have in my head. Well, I think my closing rate is going to be I'm projected to close one to two this week. If it's somebody that I'm actually working visibly, like in my pipeline, I'm going to have a little bit better option, but that's, you know, that that's dependent upon leads as well. So an actual projection, other than the fact of, like, knee jerk reaction, I've got one person I'm talking to that might close like, I think that's the hard part, because for Scott and I, both were, like, a projection is based upon data from the past, which is, hey, when we got this many leads, we had a projection to close. It's not maybe the simple question that Jesse was really going for was like, Hey, do you have anybody that you think is going to close

Matthias Miller  37:30
this week? So are you keeping

Speaker 1  37:32
and also keep in mind that the whole This was also in a bullet point list that came up and like, we went over it line by line. So I think, but for myself, I don't know about, I can't speak for Scott, but when I look at this, this was going to be a a metrics review for moving forward for every sales meeting, and that, when I start thinking in that route, it's not knee jerk reaction. I've got two people to close. It's actually like, hey, what can we legitimately project for the for the this month? That's accurate based on past months.

Matthias Miller  38:05
So again, it depends what level of accuracy you want to solve this. Sell this by and also, okay, so there's two ways to look at metrics. The the other way to consider is also the historical. Okay, it's, it's the last last week. Let's look back at last week. What were the sales behaviors all the how fast did you call back? How many people were you able to how many people did you attempt to contact? There's some effect of how many people were you actually able to contact, and all of those types of things that happened where you look for places in the sales process where things are slipping, and you address and fix them, that's the historical side now and then. The question on the projection side is, how deep do you really want to go? Because it seems I don't know if we even have access to this data, but the ideal way to do this is, let's okay. First of all, we don't have accurate attribution for context through the past, pretty sure of that, so we can't really even break that down, but we but there is a world in which we could say that out of every every contact you know, at least we have this, I don't even know if we fully have this data in GHL.

Matthias Miller  39:35
No, we do in some capacity. The question, the way you would frame it, is, how many? Well, I don't even know, because some of these might get moved to different pipeline stages when they get closed, if they get closed at at this at the stage that they drop out, then you can look at the overall opportunities created and say, How many lost or abandoned leads do I have at this stage? And that gives you you can infer. Or that percentage rate probabilities from that stage, and you can just use that to infer, I

Speaker 2  40:08
think that would be helpful. That would that would also,

Speaker 1  40:12
oh, go ahead, Eric, well, well, so this leads to the other thing. And so I think the big overview, Matt, is the fact of like, hey, if this tracking that Jesse is kind of saying that he wants to do and what was necessary, what system changes how to how we're using the system. Because right now, what you're telling me about that stage means that every single opportunity has to move along the stage. And up to this point, we haven't used it that way because of how clunky some stuff is. So that's a that's an all. Now we're getting into an automation. So my question is, is it the stuff that Jesse wants to track and what we need to track as a company? What kind of that? The secondary question where my head goes is, what kind of automation needs to be set up to make that happen, and that's in conjunction with and I can get lost in the bunny trail of that one.

Matthias Miller  41:09
Well, first of all, it doesn't have to be moved down through the stage. As long as I need to check on this assumption, as long as the assumption exists, for example, we should be able to tell i If we, if we change the status To lost or abandoned, and the stage

Matthias Miller  41:41
status opportunity owner, okay, that's weird.

Matthias Miller  41:50
Here's an opportunity one last time, custom fields, really. I

Speaker 1  42:13
so it becomes the people looking for opportunity stage, yeah, they don't have that that I've been able to find That's dumb.

Matthias Miller  42:27
Okay, so if you were an

Speaker 1  42:28
opportunity lost on but um,

Matthias Miller  42:52
okay, so are those the two? I mean this, these are both things I have to get back to you on it. Are those the two main things that you're looking to tackle? Are there any other things.

Speaker 2  43:02
So for Yeah, so track, we want to tackle tracking on and figure out and hone in on how we can do that best. Big, we're also we're having issues with assigning assignments. Sorry, assignments in GHL. So there's three different platforms in which right now that their ownership can be assigned. That's the contact itself, that's the opportunity. And then the task right now, the way that our office is set up and the way that things are going if somebody calls the main line, which is technically larissa's line. So she calls, or they call, she answers, gate keeps, decides to pass that call over. She then has to manually go into the contact, reassign the contact. If there's already a task that, if there's any automations involved in, she has to back track and go manually update all of those things. So round robin, what's happening is that that's happening with all of our calls. So like big cat plumbing calls, Elaine calls big cat plumbing. They don't. They don't. She leaves a message. They call back. All of a sudden, there's tons of automations that then Larissa has to go in and backtrack and fix otherwise Eric, all of a sudden, is wondering, why the hell? Pardon my French, he's assigned big cap plumbing and and then he's frustrated. Nobody in the office has been given any sort of standardized hey, here's what we're supposed to do, which is on me at the end of the day. But now I'm aware of all that. I'm trying to clean it up. So we're having round run, round robin issues and automation issues, because I. Right now, there's no, there's no it's all just getting tossed into the round robin.

Speaker 1  45:08
Well, right, Eric, I'll add to that. Well, so the biggest issue that happens with this is when it's a missed call or a voicemail, which means that, because larissa's Number is the main work number gets assigned to Larissa, which if she's not here all the time, you know what it is. It is what it is. The other side of it is that we've been having these issues where I like big cat plumbing for safe example, if you call out of the out of GHL with the VoIP system, it creates a new contact, which is fine, and I think we established the fix to this, but Elaine didn't assign it to herself, and then Eric, they called back in, left the voicemail. So now it becomes a lead to me, because and I got to sort through the fact that, hey, this was actually a first call out from our company trying to fix something that went sideways here. So that's not a lead, but because it was a voicemail, it created an opportunity and a task for me. So that means that I have to go and reassign it to either Elaine, CSC vendors, delete all the opera like, delete the opportunity, because it's not qualified and it has to do with something else, and delete the task. So I understand that that's a an automation that we set up, and I don't want to lose that, because it's good for 990, I wouldn't even say 90, 50% of the leads that we do, because we get a lot of call ins that are completely unqualified. Right now, we have crap ton of call ins from people that are, like, not even in the state, like they're in Las Vegas, yeah, which is a marketing problem. But that being said, that automation causes a lot of issues, and so what's happening is is, then okay, if I just go in and say, Okay, I'm going to assign the user to Elaine, the task, and the opportunity still remain to me.

Matthias Miller  47:01
So would you want to reassign the task and opportunity to Elaine? Do you want to,

Speaker 1  47:06
yeah, anytime that the anytime that a user is reassigned, then I think the opportunity and the task should be reassigned. But my question is, after like, let's say that this happens after a shed is sold, if, for sake of example, and they call back in, they leave a voicemail that creates a task for me to call back, which is fine, but if it's two years after the fact, and they sent in another lead form, technically that gets assigned to me. So my question is, is that automation, like, if it's a year after the fact that a building has been closed out and they sign a new opportunity, then what? And I think that's yeah, I don't know if we can fix all of the things. In a quick answer,

Speaker 2  48:02
it's it to me from the outside, looking in, it looks like the automation we we implement it to help efficiency, but then with the time, it feels like it's at added even more inefficiency, because Larissa or whoever has to go click on x2 other places to have correct information in there or delete misinformation.

Matthias Miller  48:34
Did you guys pursue making a workflow to just reassign opportunities and tasks when you reassign a contact? Oh, we

Speaker 1  48:42
didn't, and that's one of the things that needs to be set up. If it's available, then let's set it up. But I don't, I don't know if it has the option to do that

Speaker 2  48:51
right now. So like I learned pretty quickly after the GHL implementation or integration, I'm not the workflow

Unknown Speaker  49:01
guy.

Unknown Speaker  49:05
I think what we're saying is, go ahead. I

Matthias Miller  49:07
mean, I haven't tested this. This is like, literally just typing in what you want to have happen.

Matthias Miller  49:19
I'm not sure how far this,

Speaker 2  49:22
yeah, my so my concern, though, so let's say Jesse decides to use this where I where I'm going to get lost, is I'm not going to realize the ripple effects and how it affects any of the other workflows that are happening. And then I'm worried I'm really screwing things up, because I just don't get like. I think everyone's aware it's just not this stuff doesn't come natural, so

Matthias Miller  49:54
that's crazy.

Matthias Miller  50:04
Or that's not done, right?

Matthias Miller  50:19
Yeah, it's not quite

Unknown Speaker  50:20
da, I didn't do it right?

Matthias Miller  50:24
You said it's not quite.

Speaker 1  50:27
So I've, I've kind of played with this to see if there's an opportunity. I'm kind of getting to the same stage. There's a part where you can change it and then it won't actually update everything. So the question is, does it have the availability? And if it does, then let's create the automation. If it doesn't, then we have to find another fix. And then what is that fix? Like that means for us right now, it's kind of a different method of operations and so and it requires training with multiple different people currently, yeah, managing all the phone calls, it was easy, because then you just get it done whatever.

Matthias Miller  50:59
I mean, why wouldn't we? Why wouldn't we just not? Why would we just not tag new calls? And if you actually want an opportunity, you tag it.

Speaker 1  51:11
That's one thing. But how do you also give that customer call back? How do you place it at a hyper because right now, because it automatically creates a task in my task list, and I'm popping it open and calling that customer immediately, or within a couple of minutes. So that's one of the things. So it creates a secondary thing of like, how do you tag it well enough to know, and how do you find it easily for anybody in training to say, hey, these things are high priority. And maybe that's a smart tag. So this, that goes down to another, another thing, but anyway,

Matthias Miller  51:51
I mean there is, this is not fully I just close, but no cigar. I mean, it's I

Matthias Miller  52:26
thank God.

Speaker 2  52:39
The other thing, Eric, I'm just telling you so I don't forget, is we want to talk About a new pipeline for Scott.

Matthias Miller  53:12
So there's also this.

Unknown Speaker  54:33
Okay, I

Speaker 1  54:45
maybe the automation should be set up not upon the contact, but upon the opportunity, and that would solve the issue, no,

Matthias Miller  54:53
because it still doesn't allow it being the task. Let me. Me, let me, let me, let me. Why is this?

Matthias Miller  55:23
You're hearing opportunity settings, okay, it's not, I don't know where these settings are. This is definitely not the right place. There is supposed to be a setting, yeah, here opportunities and pipelines, a lot of different owners of contacts and opportunities, we can turn this off, and your contact and opportunity will always have the same owner. So you only have to change the contact owner to be the opportunity owner and vice versa. Is that something you want to switch?

Speaker 2  55:58
Is there a scenario where it would not we don't want that to happen. Eric,

Speaker 1  56:15
not with our operating procedure. I think, I think maybe with our operating procedure we turn that off. If,

Speaker 1  56:31
the only time that's going to be a problem is if that customer is like, let's say, for in the future, moving forward, you know, they want two sheds, and there was an open opportunity, like from a year ago, that was assigned to Caleb, for sake of example, you know. And that's going to be the downside. Or if they say they want to pull bar and a shed, and Scott's working the shed angle, I'm working the pole bar, that's going to be the problem. But I would say that you're going to, if it take an 8020 rule, 80% of the time turning that off, it's probably going to be a

Matthias Miller  57:05
good thing. Well, it it fixes the No, I mean, it doesn't fully fix the the ball problem, but it does mean you only have to flip that one over and check your task is complete.

Speaker 1  57:19
So it's still a two step process. You can't automate the task flipping over, right?

Matthias Miller  57:23
We, I mean, we can't, we can't pretend, potentially, but not but if,

Speaker 1  57:30
can we do a test on it for a week with this off? Yeah, let's just do a test on it for a week and see how, see how it plays out. And if it Jacks everything up, even in a day or two, then we can switch it back, at least we know what's going on.

Unknown Speaker  57:44
Yeah. I like that

Matthias Miller  57:52
good. And then the one, the last piece, there's a third piece you guys just mentioned for another,

Speaker 2  57:59
yeah. Yeah. So one of the one of our strategies, is to be more involved in community events, in different groups, so like Chamber of Commerce, home builders, associations, things like that. And so Scott, what we want to track that as a source, lead source, right? So we're, we're trying to figure out how to create a pipeline for tracking all that. Scott is primarily on. He's the guy on the team that's very much outside sales minded and wired, and so didn't know if there's something we could do whether, like, we've talked about, like, just having a QR code that people can scan, or whatever, but then those go to a specific funnel, or for, for to so we can track kind of Scott's success. When he goes to a coffee shop, drops off he like it coyotes. He just put, he, he put something on the bulletin board or at mugs or, you know, or if he's at a chamber after hours event. So we'd like to, yeah, go ahead, Eric.

Speaker 1  59:14
If you go back to pipelines, Larissa has it mostly set up. We just got to tie it together. So what way pipelines we need to create a pipeline for? I don't know how we name it, either Scott or or or like event pipeline, something like that. And then that automation is actually those phone calls and emails. We're thinking right now are not even going to go to the main line. It's going to go to a round robin that alternates back and forth between Scott and I for right now, that's what we're thinking. So that's the question mark. But then if you go into the forms and click the event forms that I started doing some tests on, I. Clarissa has one mostly set up in there.

Matthias Miller  1:00:05
So what's, what's the question? I'm confused.

Speaker 1  1:00:12
So the question is, is, what's the best way to set up the pipeline? Specifically, I believe, with the you the with the event form, but, but then the Automate on the tail end of that, the automation, because what's going to happen is, is that we might, where my head goes is every event, like, we're going to have a card that gets sent out with, like, a tracking code, if it's assigned to the pipeline and it has its own automation, that's one thing secondarily, if we do a different event, if we as long as we use the same type of form and just change the look of it for that event and rename it, then it'll track the same way. But I think the bigger question is is, how do we set up the what's the best way to set up the pipeline? You you get me some helpful information on that to begin with. But I think that's not that one. Sorry. Might I think it might be event quote, form, CSC, because I had Larissa sent this up specific to the quote form for CSC itself for the event form, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:01:32
So what I would do?

Speaker 1  1:01:41
But I think my side the pipeline for Scott, because he's mostly hitting the ground running, he's going to be handing out a lot of flyers, as long as that flyer has a unique identifier and it can come into its own workflow. That's fine. I think, I mean, we can work up setting the forms up, but the question I have is, should there be a form associated with it, or could it be all because that's, I think, believe that's how I have have it set up now, because there's a call now button, which goes tracking based upon the form, but The event form is just some stripped down contact information that will be direct to the event. So if they click Get a Quote, this is the form that's going to pop up. It will automatically search and go into the same automation.

Matthias Miller  1:02:38
I'm still not funny. I'm sorry. I'm no, I'm being really dull here. So you have an event page. They have an option to call, which you say is already handling tracking. They have a form. They can get a quote which shows this form and track

Speaker 1  1:02:58
just trust form was only this. Form was only created so it could be a QR code attached to that postcard,

Matthias Miller  1:03:06
right, exactly. And are you okay? And so you have have, you can generate the QR code. You can generate this is the question how to handle the automation when they actually run this yes. I mean, just create a workflow when this event form is submitted, and create the opportunity in the in the new pipeline, the sign view around Robin. Am I missing something?

Speaker 1  1:03:42
Right? That's yeah. So that's one of the steps. The other thing is, if you go to the GHL dashboard,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:51
I don't know if there's a way to automatically generate

Speaker 1  1:04:00
so if we're in actually not dashboard, I apologize the opportunities. You go to an opportunity process, and then, right now I have to toggle back and forth between a shed pipeline or the pole barn. I barely use the pole barn pipeline. Yep, so at some point that's going to be turned on more but because I operate out of tasks, for sake of example, it would be nice to see like inside the opportunities, I'm bouncing back and forth now, but inside the opportunities, you can say, you I think you can set a pipeline that shows in the contact or in the tags, the Manage fields, there's an opportunity source for sure. So well, you

Matthias Miller  1:04:54
can't have multiple pipelines visible at the same time, right?

Speaker 1  1:04:58
So then my. Question is, is the opportunity source like that? That tag, the little postcard with the QR code should actually be an opportunity source which will automatically show on this. But can that also the opportunity source actually be copied? And maybe I'm asking something crazy, but can it be copied into a task list, like in a description? I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:26
The sorry, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  1:05:32
I mean, sure, step one is delineating exactly what you want to have happen. So if, if this, if this gets put into a separate pipeline. Okay, the first of all question regarding a separate pipeline, yes, if you don't mind switching back and forth, there's no reason why you can't.

Speaker 1  1:05:53
So, so this begs the bigger question, what is the importance of a like a multi purpose pipeline? And its usage, but the like, the only thing that I can think of in my head with how GHL operates. The only reason for a multi use pipeline is that each pipeline has its own workflow automation. If you treat every lead as the same type, is there a reason for a different pipeline?

Matthias Miller  1:06:29
I wouldn't. I mean to me, if somebody fills out the form, yes, you want to know when you create the form, where the source came from, that it came from the event, but they go through the same sales process. You don't want to have to have to jump between pipelines because, just because they came through the chamber.

Speaker 1  1:06:46
Okay, so then that takes up the equation of needing to add another pipeline, except for the fact of, hey, do we want to add some specific automation to that pipeline? That's because that's the thing. If it doesn't come across in a different pipeline, I like the the automation that's going to happen for those would be applied to all opportunities, right? Or can we, well, so you add the automation the opportunity source.

Matthias Miller  1:07:14
What I would do is, we already have these, these tags that we use for auto created phone. I would add an auto created event tag and in the places where you're creating special tasks and things like that, you would, you would just conditionally check where it was created from. But you could, you could customize those workflows based on where the contact came from,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:47
and that would be done by tag.

Matthias Miller  1:07:50
I mean, tag would be a way to do it. You could do it based off of opportunity source as well, if you wanted to, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:56
that answers the question on having to create another pipeline. I think,

Matthias Miller  1:07:59
right, I would encourage not to, if you can avoid I just think it's good to get really cumbersome, but you do need to. I mean, you

Matthias Miller  1:08:14
will need to handle submissions from the new event, like all that, all that stuff, which I think if I mean the super, super short answer is that if Larissa has questions on that, she's welcome to email and get that nailed out. But I think it's basically when the form gets created, go, go populate this stuff. And if you're if you're wanting to track more specifically, then more, more specifically than, than that, we can, I think you can share the event form, but have a separate, sorry, share, yeah, share the event form itself, but you'll need to have a different landing page. Well, no, basically, what you'll have is something like, here

Unknown Speaker  1:09:13
one sec. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:37
alcohol.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:00
You hear me? Matt, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:11:03
Okay, so I'm sending you this screenshot, but basically assuming that, assuming that, you know, this is the URL where the event form is embedded on, you'll be able to add parameters to it and create custom QR codes without creating a new event or new automation that has the, you know, you could put in the event, some kind of code for the event, and it you also have to specify medium and a campaign. So you could just call it postcard or flyer, or whatever you want to call it, and and you can have a campaign of outside sales or or Scott, or whatever you want to call the campaign. It doesn't really matter. And then that information gets tied to any submissions that come through. It's saved on the contact record for any submissions that come through that QR code. And yes, you should test it before you to make sure everything's working before he goes and hands out QR codes.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:57
But you know, we don't do that. Yeah, what's testing?

Matthias Miller  1:12:03
Why would you Why bother?

Speaker 1  1:12:07
Just okay, map more work about why things don't work. Yeah. Okay, so that

Speaker 2  1:12:15
that, am I right in saying that we've got a solution now for that.

Speaker 1  1:12:20
Eric, yeah, I think so. I mean, we still have to tie it together, but yeah,

Speaker 2  1:12:25
or really, we have a plan of action, or at least we know what we need to make our plan of action. Okay, I think the last thing, Matt, and if you need to go, we can, we can maybe schedule another meeting. But the last thing is that we are decide, like right now, I'm going through and writing down the standardized procedures for having everybody operate on the same with the same understanding of GHL. So like today, I sat down with Elena. I said, Hey, explain to me what happens with and I played out a scenario. And if I did that with every individual in our office, every person has a totally different way that they go through their processes. And so it's just very it's just very messy and disorganized. And so what I'm hoping to do, and I think I just want to make sure that the the automation that we turned off fixes this is that what we're planning on doing is having our sales team operate their homepage. They're gonna they're, if they had two screens, they're gonna have two pages open all the time. They're gonna have their task page open and they're gonna have their opportunities page open, and then we're now using tasks as the primary form of communication with our sales team when some like they missed a call or anything Other than a walk in has happened. And so if Eric needs window prices from me, he just assigns a task that says, when he needs those window prices by Is there anything my brain is just done for the day? Is there anything you're Eric that we need to do, or that we need Matt's help on to get that rolling.

Speaker 1  1:14:29
The only thing that we need Matt like input into is smart tags, like developing a priority, and also like because we there's a difference between regular tags and smart tags, yes and And so creating a list of priority, like, basically is something to classify a priority and then an automation to move it when the stage changes, so that that would be. The only thing that I can think of that's in regard to that specific operating method that we're thinking of switching to,

Speaker 2  1:15:05
yeah, thank you. So is the smart tags that I can think of. We do want to utilize the smart tags. I think we just have to do some final clarity, like I need to come up with the clarity on specifically what we want those smart tags to be, but Eric and I were looking at them yesterday, and I don't know if there's anything I don't know if there's any other smart tag that we would want.

Speaker 1  1:15:39
The question in regard to this is, I didn't know, like I played around with it a little bit the setting up the rules, so I turned it on for a little bit. It assigns it. The problem is, is when it changes stages, I want it to actually remove the tag, and I couldn't get the automation to make that happen. At least in the smart tag situation,

Matthias Miller  1:15:59
use the last change stage, change date is, wouldn't you? It's probably not helpful. Is the last you can't do an is not right?

Speaker 1  1:16:16
So this is the situation I'm up against. It's like, okay, do each of the to use this? Do each of them have to have an automation?

Matthias Miller  1:16:28
And that's what I don't know. Okay, so what? No, well, I mean, okay, you want to you and a smart tag that shows up. You want the smart tag to disappear when it changes stages?

Speaker 1  1:16:46
Yeah. So basically, whatever needs immediate content. So here's where my head was at. Needs immediate contact. Is anything that has a voicemail, a missed call, a first like it's the first con, or it's a new lead. So if it's associated with that, it's also tagged as a high priority contact back, quick call back, today is a smart tag that would be associated with some, I don't know, person calling in and just being like, hey, you know, I'm not in a massive rush at all, but like, can you get me a call back on on this project? Because I'm in the beginning stages something down that route. Green is for any follow up. So basically, when we're doing a follow up after first contact should just remain green all the time. It's just, it's, it's, you know, across the board, and then orange. I had it in there, as owner is empty, so just a way to tag that, to say, hey, this for the for the gatekeeper, assign a contact on this. But I don't know the difference. This pops up on the opportunity stage very well, but I can't ever change it again. So after I move the opportunity, I don't know how to remove the tag for it, because it's a smart tag. If it's you can remove it,

Matthias Miller  1:18:10
right? Well, so, I mean, you could, you could just say

Matthias Miller  1:18:19
you could have a condition that checks which stage it's in and only show it for feel like I'm missing some details here. I mean, if you can have a stat, if it just checks for today's follow ups as part of the condition and takes it off when you move it across, because it checks the stage that it's in.

Speaker 1  1:18:41
Well, yeah, right now that today's follow ups was a test that was created by me, and it's never used because it doesn't work properly. Okay, so I should technically just remove that stage, but it was set up for the reason of, Hey, these are the today's follow ups is high priority. You need to be contacting them. That was never, I didn't have the time to figure out the tags to make it happen properly.

Matthias Miller  1:19:05
Okay. Could that? Could you use the, can you use the, this is

Matthias Miller  1:19:15
that 100% up to date, but can you, can you use the you can't act access contact tags on here,

Speaker 1  1:19:26
and that's where the different I don't know what the difference is between regular tags and the smart tags other than regular tag status, regular tags are applied to the contact and smart tags are a filter based on The opportunity.

Matthias Miller  1:19:40
So the way that we would do this is have a custom field that there's a test status,

Matthias Miller  1:19:59
task. I'll update. No is to have a custom field that gets updated when the contact okay. We have a tag on the contact that indicates whether it's let's go find it, whether it's the tasks are overdue or not,

Matthias Miller  1:20:33
task due today, and so you can have automation that copies when these when the tasks do, tags change on the contact, sets a custom field on the opportunity, so that you can adjust your opportunity based on tasks that are due today or not. That would then when you complete the task, it wouldn't necessarily close out the task, but when you close out the task, it would then clear out the tag. So

Speaker 1  1:21:08
if what happens if you delete the task instead of marking it

Matthias Miller  1:21:12
just it's fine, it it will update the tag. Yeah, yeah, okay. So as long as you can, I mean, that's that's effectively driven off of the whether they're tasks attached to it. And so if that's a good or the status of the task that are attached to it. So if that's a good enough metric, I mean, if that's a good enough measurement, I then we can do that.

Matthias Miller  1:21:51
I think, I think, I think everybody's brain is fried. I my proposal would be, if you can, if you can delineate in plain English, English, best you can voice message or email or something, how you want the smart tags to work. And then let's do a few iterations back and forth to try to nail down the technical details of how that works. And then that eventually could probably be handed off to Larissa as well. We're just done. Okay? How does that any any thoughts on that proposal?

Unknown Speaker  1:22:28
No, I'm just making notes.

Speaker 2  1:22:36
That sounds good. Anything else Eric that you were hoping to talk or that we should cover next time? Okay,

Speaker 1  1:22:47
no, I mean, basically I here's Matt. You know me well enough, but like I get, I have an idea to me. It feels like GHL has layers upon layers to make that thing happen. It's not like, Oh, hey, I can go into one spot and turn on an automation. And so I get lost in the back end of the weeds. Of like, hey, what actually has to be put because when I try to do it, it doesn't go together well. And so what ends up happening is I have all these little pieces that are just not working, and they're not tied against things. And so I get lost in the thing of, like, Well, does it even have the option to do so? And if, like, if it doesn't, then we need to pursue a different, you know, route to handle the problem. Yeah, yep. Cool. All right, so I'm good. All right, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:39
thanks, Matt, appreciate you, man, I'll

Matthias Miller  1:23:42
get back to you on the tracking stuff. So okay, you guys, yeah, yep. Thank.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai