Matthias Miller  00:02
Good. All right. Well, how about we start here? How about from your perspective? What did Ellis share with you? What's your perspective? Why we're here? And let's learn that.

Tim Reitz  00:21
Yeah. So, yeah, the idea was among the lines of, how can we, I guess first part is, is documenting what we currently do, or what I currently do for for in depth design, and putting putting that down, or putting words to that, and then then using that as a springboard of figuring out how we can optimize and streamline things. A big part of that being, I guess, two, two goals with that being speeding up and optimizing the in depth design as a whole, and then also having something to be able to share with others who are, who are coming on board with, with helping with design, so that we can replicate what we've optimized.

Matthias Miller  01:17
So my, my thought process is to effectively replicate the thing that I do. I mean, we're gonna go meta with this and just do what we would do in any other case, and just start, well actually Next, start asking questions and sorting through stuff. I guess the next question would be, did you have a chance to put anything together

Tim Reitz  01:44
or not? No, that's

Matthias Miller  01:46
fine. That's fine. So I'm going to create

Matthias Miller  01:57
my own scratch pad, and you're going to see me disappear and come around and Sure.

Matthias Miller  02:09
All right, so in my mind, I mean, I don't, you know me well enough. I don't really care where we start. I say, Let's Yeah. Well, I mean, most logical place to start is alright. So we've done a high level design. Clients signed off on it. What is the, what is the first thing? Do you touch the design or look at the design at all before they sign off, before they sign off, to the in depth design,

Tim Reitz  02:45
not really, generally. I mean, I might, I might give some input on on, yeah, I might give some input on it, like review it. It's I'm trying to remember it's been a while since we've done one that I was, I guess, value view recently. So yeah, I would really do a review of it and leave comments, but I'm probably not doing a lot of hands on or much hands on at all. Okay, it comes to in depth design.

Matthias Miller  03:22
And these are basically, are you basically saying, Ah, here's something that we should pay attention to when we get to it. Or is it or is it more like, hey, we really should clean this up before it goes out.

Tim Reitz  03:37
There'd be some of both. Some would be like, Hey, I feel like this is really sparse, or there's, you know, I feel like this is a big question mark, or could be a big gotcha, when we get to the in depth design, can we, can we put us a little bit more, you know, specifics on it? And some would be, yeah, just jotting down to do IDD notes for Following up later and

Matthias Miller  04:11
and then,

Matthias Miller  04:21
okay, and then what are the Are there specific types of Okay, so the problem with this type of stuff is that it's, It's, it's, I would call it unconscious competence. There wouldn't you could use the term intuition, but it's not. I don't think it actually is, that it's and so the biggest challenge is extracting the unconscious and making it conscious again. So what are the in the initial read of it? What are the types of gaps? Are there specific red flags that you like is literal, just the lack of words a red flag? Or what are the what are the red flags that say this deserves some more attention?

Tim Reitz  05:20
Good question. So there's an aspect where lack of words would would raise red flags. Just have very just a few notes or few sentences. But then it would also be,

Tim Reitz  05:41
would it be, maybe absence of some of the more commonly complex things that we are, things that tend to be complex, like triggers and imports and printouts and stuff like that. Or if I'm seeing, you know, there's indications that there might be a lot of on changes happening and things like that. So kind of as I'm looking over it, if I'm seeing things that that speak complexity, but don't, yeah, don't have it, don't have anything noted about it. So those would be probably the types of things that or, yeah, just generally, if I would see gaps. And I'm not necessarily thinking of specifics, I'm just trying to think hypothetically. What, what types of things would would catch my attention.

Matthias Miller  06:52
I'm going to assume, well, this is I'm making assumption here, but there's probably some kind of reconciliation between record, record relationships and making sure things get handled on both sides of the fence, is that something that you would keep an eye for?

Tim Reitz  07:10
Yeah, yeah, there would be that. There would be, I'm actually just I searched for my name in the Valley View design that you guys just did. And, yeah, so like I see here something warehouse blocks are mentioned, but aren't SPECT as a list or a record. So it's either going to be a other, a simple list was going to be a record level that we're going to have to spec out and and deal with the the spec for invoices. It mentions invoices, but the spec for invoices is very sparse. So yeah, just noting that if we end up doing something complex with that it could increase the project cost or via an optional add on. There's one where I put in my put in my name, date stamp, but didn't type any comments. That's extremely unhelpful. So yeah, those would be some examples of of just things that we're looking through it. I'm starting to ask questions already of what, what this might mean on the on the spec ing side, yep.

Matthias Miller  08:42
And so either. So a lot of your let's look at this on the in depth design issues are things that are absent but don't dramatically. There's not undue complexity in it, right? Is that? Is that? How you classify that, right?

Tim Reitz  09:02
I mean, because at this point, the the high level designs don't usually miss big, big things, like, if there's something new comes up, it's because it was a new idea that the client had, and it wasn't on the radar where you did high level design. Yep. So it's more, it's more the nitty gritty details of of stuff that my mind is starting to think about the well, what about this and what about that type of thing?

Matthias Miller  09:32
How much of this is can you think about?

Matthias Miller  09:46
Some level of Okay, have you, have you heard the the the phrase definition of Done,

Tim Reitz  09:57
possibly as far as like, you know what percentage, or how do you define what? What done is, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  10:06
And I would take it one step further. So a we know, I would take it beyond, beyond percentage to specifics. So what are the true what's, what are? How do you definitively know when a design is complete? And there is some world in which, well, I mean all of the business, all of the business needs for the client are accounted for number one, all of the fields, like, if you, if you had to, if we had To, spell out, and I think you actually started, you did start spelling some of these out. Do we have printouts, triggers, all these things, could we? Could we? Is there any way that we could Well, let me say this. It seems to me whether it's whether it's it conscious or unconscious. There is a definition of done that you're iterating towards. Is that fair? Yeah, and you have a picture of a good proposal when it's all said and done, has all of these items and all of these things check out and tie out and until you do, it's not it's not ready. Is that fair? And so would it be useful, perhaps, to start defining what that what is true about the end proposal that makes it done? Yeah.

Tim Reitz  12:02
So the end proposal, and there are various, oh, there'll be certain mile posts along the way, so to speak. So the very, very done proposal is when, when all of the to do comments are either and all the questions that I would have are either resolved or intentionally documented or bumped to later to be answered in development or saved for a Future item or something like that. So that is that's in reality, that's represented by the red to do comments that we put through that throughout the proposal. So there's to do's for me to do, is for Ellis to do, for for Nick to do's for the client to do's for whoever's doing mock ups, things like that. So once all of the to do red to do comments are either once they're all out of the requirements memos is pretty well, pretty well done, and once they're either resolved or or specifically saved for later would Be would be done. Okay?

Matthias Miller  13:50
A okay, if you just start on a per record basis, one of the big questions is,

Tim Reitz  14:24
um, well,

Matthias Miller  14:27
okay, hang on, let me, let me, let me. Further clarify my question, because you have the two, the two do's that say that something, something needs to be there's a decision that needs to be made, made or deferred, and there, but there's something that's telling you that there's a decision to be made and deferred. Inherently, there's a gap between what's in the requirements and what the final requirements should be. Is that fair?

Tim Reitz  14:56
Yeah. So then,

Matthias Miller  15:00
so then the question that I would have, which is part of where I'm going with the definition of done, is, I mean, it's, it's, it's, I mean, it's really a measuring stick of some kind or a It's like every for a field definition to be done, we have to be able to specify what's the data type, which includes the number of decimals, how it should be displayed, including commas. It needs to indicate whether it's stored, whether it's stored or virtual, like an editable well, and whether it's read only macro, whether it's an editable expression, we need to know if there should be any validation. And if it should be, if it's conditionally visible, Is it visible? And until all of those things have been considered the field definition itself is not cannot be considered complete, right?

Tim Reitz  16:21
And with that, then there, there's some other things. A lot of times you can't, it's not something that I can tell right away or even over the course of the, you know, a day or three days or a week, because there'll be things like fields that are that are auto set based on on changes from other fields, or fields that are set via import from another record. And so that other record has to be SPECT, at least to a certain extent, the fields on that record that impact this field on this record also have to be specced. And so there's a certain a certain aspect where things have to be done simultaneously. There's a certain amount of bouncing back and forth between things. There's also things like conditional editability based on record status or based on the users, permissions, things like that that also evolve over time. So there's also a certain aspect of iterations, just on a on a field spec level, where you found out the initial spec, and then you you come back once you have more information, and you fill it out more, and then something else changes. You come back and you you fill out more. So there's, there's kind of this iterative process on on multiple different levels, so to speak, from individual fields to records to Yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:59
this is a horrible analogy, but it's akin to the analogy of of working in an office and everything's fine until you find out that one of the visitors had covid, and so you're going to go sanitize the chair and the table and Spray Lysol in the bathrooms and basically all the steps that wherever the steps they took, right? And so there's actually states in which a field, you say, ah, done. And then something shows up over there, and you introduce something, and all of a sudden there's a ripple effect of there's a whole bunch of things that have been done that aren't done anymore.

Tim Reitz  18:42
Exactly.

Matthias Miller  18:50
I don't know how to I mean, so in some sense, part of the heavy lifting that you do is when you introduce a change that has a ripple effect, you have to go manually hunt down what are well. Sometimes it's very obvious, I'm guessing. Other times it's just, I got to think about well, but you have to go chase down what are all the other issues what does this open up that I closed closed down, right, right?

Tim Reitz  19:29
And sometimes it's simple. As you're you're changing a label or a field name, and so you just search for that the old field name, and you find it replaced. It's manual, but have the search feature right, and sometimes it's it's a lot more brain party work of trying to think through, trying to remember the trail that this, all this stuff impacts. I which, again, that often will have you know, if this field is referenced somewhere else, you can search it and go to it right there often, or search the search bar is one of my best friends when it comes to design.

Matthias Miller  20:19
Makes sense. Isn't the majority of the complexity in the in depth, design, managing relationships, whether it's fields, field to field or record to record. I

Tim Reitz  20:43
Yeah, probably, that probably would be an accurate way to describe it at a high level. Yeah, I think so, because, yeah, there's a lot of the

Tim Reitz  20:59
other thing that my mind goes through it too. It's like logic of calculations and things like that and on changes, but that that still could fall under the umbrella of managing relationships between the different items. Sure. Um,

Matthias Miller  21:24
it's a different

Matthias Miller  21:32
that's good.

Matthias Miller  21:40
And so from a, okay.

Matthias Miller  21:50
So you, you go through, you notate these items. I mean, another definition of done in some capacity, is, and this is very high level from a business standpoint,

Matthias Miller  22:13
is we're able to store and report specific information needed for The client. I mean, that's fundamentally what it is. And they might change their minds and say, Yes, actually, we need this other thing. But so, so you you notate these issues. The biggest issue you're looking for is, where is there, in the in the in depth design, where is there? Sorry, the biggest thing you're looking for in the high level design is, where is there unacknowledged complexity,

Matthias Miller  22:59
which most fundamentally comes down to field and record relationships that are interdependent, but their relationship is not spelled out well or not spelled out in both directions.

Tim Reitz  23:19
Now you're saying high level or in depth design. Well, even at a high

Matthias Miller  23:23
level, even in a high level design, that's what you're keeping your eye open. You might not spend as much time on it, but isn't is or, well, I should ask is, is that?

Tim Reitz  23:35
Yeah, I think so you could that probably would be accurate in the high level, it's looking to see if it if it's acknowledged. And then in the in depth, it's looking to see if it's specified, right, spelled out, yeah, right.

Matthias Miller  24:02
Um. So

Matthias Miller  24:16
the Okay, so then, then you get the in depth design back, or the high level client signs off. Okay, presumably we take the we take the big gotchas. Might adjust the hand wavy number if needed, and then it comes back. And then you say, they say, all right. Tim, all yours. What do you do next?

Tim Reitz  24:46
So next would be either me or a person who's shadowing or assisting me would go through and and fill out, fill out all the rows and the proposal RG, all the all the records, all the different categories and sub points and all of that with snippets. So it's we go in, we make sure we have a level one section for records, and then a level two section for configuration records. And then we level three sections for all of the, all the configuration records that we think we're going to need. And then level two record sections for all of the, all of the main records that we're going to be using. And each of those gets their snippet for some of those, you know, the contact record is a standard record, and so we have a snippet that's that's pretty in depth filled out already. So you just drop that in there for, you know, a brand new custom record. We drop in a more of a skeleton snippet to get filled out later. So we do that for records. We do that for reports. We do that for lists, for for template like printout templates, for outbound emails, all these different all these different level one sections in the proposal that are are kind of other our standards. So then once those are specified again, that a lot of that is already there in the high level design, some with, some without, snippets. But then a lot of times, you know, high level design will just say, you know, we're going to be using the standard contact record. Well, then that means, you know, in the in depth design, that means we're going to need the contact record. We're going to contact type record, contacts report, contact types reports, all of those things. So it's, it's filling out all of those, adding in all those sections and all the corresponding snippets. Yep. And that's something that like that I can do, or whoever's shadowing me, as long as they've gone through half a design before, or at least, can reference another proposed, existing proposal record to see what, what the sections are that are needed, something somebody else can can hammer out, yep. So that's the first big step, building out the skeleton.

Matthias Miller  27:29
Okay, and then

Tim Reitz  27:34
what happens next? So then from there, I, I usually, I generally start from the top of the proposal and start working my way through and just going through section by section, looking at looking at the notes that are there, flushing things out, filling things out as I can, leaving to do's usually to do's for either for Ellis or nick or as people I go to with technical questions or for the client, and just start working my way on through A lot of times at the top we have things like settings and configurations, and then moving on down into records, and then on down into reports, templates, background processes, stuff like that. So that's yeah, then that's the rest of the most of the rest of the design is, is additional iterations of that going deeper and deeper along the way.

Matthias Miller  28:56
And um,

Matthias Miller  29:19
okay, so by the way, here's another little side note that I thought of, if we wanted to capture all of the questions that you've raised, do you flag? Do you have a flag for questions that get surface to the client and or the Ellis or Seth. I mean,

Tim Reitz  29:51
I would just put them in there as to do's, but I don't necessarily have a way of going back and finding all of them. So usually, you know it'd be to do underscore client, or to do underscore em, and then once it, once it's resolved, I'll just delete the to do part, so the underscore em stays there, and I can go back and and find those later.

Matthias Miller  30:16
Is that it'd be like, do you still use customized client initials? Like to do dB, to do,

Tim Reitz  30:25
generally do Yeah, and

Matthias Miller  30:37
then Ellis, and mostly other things would be Ellis or Nick to do em to do nm, right, okay, all Right, and so, what are

Matthias Miller  31:02
the how much of this? Okay, the idea I kicked, I was kicking it like that popped in my head earlier in the call is we can look at activity history and look at all paragraphs that all modifications, 12 paragraphs with a to do nm or to do em or to do client. Categorize them all separately and look for common patterns inside of those which is beyond the scope of this call, but could be an interesting thing.

Matthias Miller  31:41
Do you? Do you have a clear sense of where I don't care which one we dive into? Can we dive into the types of questions that you ask, or what triggers either client or dev questions.

Tim Reitz  32:08
Yeah, good question.

Tim Reitz  32:14
So early on, I'm asking the client a lot more questions. It's stuff like, you know, how many decimals here? Who can edit this? Yeah, what should be included in this list? All this? Yeah, a lot of different things by the time. But it kind of get the end of the design my questions. I'm able to answer a lot of the questions that I would have asked the client early on, because I've gotten to know their preferences on things, or how they do things or or stuff like that. So I guess for the client, the kinds of questions asked the client, a lot of them, are related to their their workflows and business processes and and preferences. So when I get to something that, yeah, when I get to something. And so there's the other, a lot of questions like that, like when I get to as I'm filling out the skeleton of the snippet, a lot of his questions like, what yet related to different things there, maybe I should, again, just look at the Valley View and

Tim Reitz  33:40
try to think of what, what those might be for, for Ellis and Nick, the technical questions, a lot of times it's, it's questions on how, how would this work? Or can we do this? Or does this, does this design or this feature work things like that, other questions for them, like with the vehicle tracking project that has a lot or sim biz that had a lot of layered permissions and hierarchy of different roles, it's you know, this is who should be able to see and edit these different things. How do we make that work with restricted data, restricted users? Yeah, all the different, all different things.

Tim Reitz  34:41
So those would be kind of the two for the client. It would be like workflow, business process, preference questions for Ellis and Nick. It's it's technical of how to do this. Can we do this? Is this the best way to do this, or a good way to do this type of thing. So

Matthias Miller  35:11
within technical questions, you have two categories, one's a one's an objective and one's a subjective question. Objective question, is this technically possible and or, if we had to do this, by what means would we and subjective would be? Is, well, I mean, there is the question, is this designed for this feature work? I mean, that could almost be objective, but it's really underneath. The question, is really a subjective question, is this the best design? This the best design, and how do we design for this? Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  36:16
What are the types of preferences that emerge from working with the client. So

Tim Reitz  36:27
it'd be things like, things as simple as basic as name, format, login, format, date picker, know some very basic things like that. It would be things like permissions, what are the user groups? Who's going to be using it, who can see what edit what? Sometimes it's things like colors for the the section headings on detail screens later on, there's definitely stuff with preferences as far as layout of the detail screens and fields and and controls and things I um, I guess a users would almost would be more than a preference. It's more of a requirement. I guess the other preferences,

Tim Reitz  37:42
those would be to be a lot of the preferences, I think, Oh, I guess it also be. It blends into the requirements question, as far as actual, how the software needs to work, to to to give them what they what they need. As far as like report columns and numbers of decimals, conditional editability, conditional visibility, things like that.

Matthias Miller  38:18
Are there ever times throughout where you're like, This guy doesn't actually care that much about edge cases and perfect validation. I don't even have to ask him about that or this person, you know? I know that. I know that for all tax related fields, we always use four decimals, and we can just use it across the board anytime we're dealing with anything like that, or where there's like, blanket, yeah, oh, this guy leans on the I don't know,

Tim Reitz  38:56
yes, yeah, absolutely. Or, you know, this guy wants to be able to edit almost everything, even if you select something from a drop list, he wants to have the option to override the name, yeah, so, so yes, there would be things somewhere along the way. A lot of times those, those types of things definitely start coming through. What are,

Matthias Miller  39:19
what are, what are some of the types of things that come through patterns like that? Well, like that

Tim Reitz  39:28
one I mentioned of of wanting to be able to manually override or manually change almost everything that was for one recent client Another would be, well, this one for the existing client, Triple D, just, they don't care a whole lot about validations, like they, they're not too concerned about having validations on everything. So they, they keep asking us to take validations away. So we finally, this is for an existing client, but we finally caught on to the fact that, yeah, you don't need to put in as many validations as we do for most clients. Other things Jim Wood was, was all about simplicity, and just like keeping things simple and paring away complexity and not not needing to worry about doing extra handling for edge cases.

Tim Reitz  40:40
I think there'd be others. Yeah, those are the ones that would come to mind specifically right now. I mean, at a more high level, I definitely get to know the, you know, the workflows and stuff, and how the how things work. And so there'd be other questions, other things that that I would just learn about each client along the way, that that reduces the number of questions I would need to ask later.

Matthias Miller  41:12
What are the types of Okay, so this

Matthias Miller  41:27
is jumping ahead to optimization, but imagine you had knobs and dials, and the thing you're optimizing for is to make as many well informed decisions on behalf of the client as possible. What? What are the things most useful to know? Most likely? It's like you said, a little bit of the dial like, are we writing accounting software? Are we writing like a glorified notepad, like, where's the where's the strictness level? Or are we? Are we running the are we? Are we? Is this hell week with the seals, or is this a kid's day? Well, I don't know if kids take care is the right example, but right

Tim Reitz  42:25
example, but pretty close to the same thing.

Matthias Miller  42:28
Sometimes it might be. Maybe it's High School in the Bronx, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  42:39
So there's that, there's the and simplicity also does. It's similar, but slightly different. So where's the dial in simplicity? Then there's also, excuse me, the more that you understand how the business actually functions and flows like if you understand that Johnny's doing this and whenever John whenever that this other thing happens. This is what Johnny does. And not only is that what Johnny does, but that's actually what Sam the owner wants to have happened. I mean part, part of the tension on the business and workflow side is that there's potentially a gap between current and ideal workflow. But if you understand the ideal workflow of where they want to go, then you suddenly understand that, well, okay, given that they're not writing like this is the we're doing a wild west software project, and given that this is what Johnny does, therefore the most intelligent solution, the most intelligent answer to this, is probably that. And the other thing, and you could even document your decision, saying, Look, this is just what I think is probably right. Are those the things that I mean, the preferences. So a lot of the preferences actually come down to specification, detail, the preferences that you named, at least not, not layout, necessarily. Well, potentially No, no, including layout, even layout. If you understand workflow, you can make intelligent decisions about what the logical ordering is and what their priority is, and how much do you want to hide behind child screens. Or, I don't know exactly. Do you have any comment on any of those thoughts? I'm not really asking a question, I guess. Yeah, feeding it back to you,

Tim Reitz  44:57
yeah, I think so there's an aspect of that that I get, like, I think we get to already, by the time we get late in the design, perhaps one thing if we want to be looking at optimizing that area would be, how can we get to that point, that point earlier in the process? It's possible that that a me being more involved with high level designs, where I'm hearing it from the client from the beginning, so I don't have to go back and re ask them as many questions, and be doing something like we're doing with with Lee cock phase two here in December, where we go from from the high level design right into the in depth design, so there's not much, much time gap and and memory loss would be two ways that that I could see to optimize that side of things. I don't think that's the biggest hang up, though, as far as time, but again, that's that is definitely an area that we could optimize for, and it would probably as long as the client had a good experience with it, it would definitely improve the overall client journey. I mean, it wouldn't take nearly as much time. It would take less time from the client on calls, answering questions, things like that.

Matthias Miller  46:39
Okay, um,

Matthias Miller  46:52
so you review from top to bottom. Look for missing pieces. Look for there potentially are issues where

Matthias Miller  47:08
it's technically unclear what the excuse me, what the best route is to manage that, where the best design for a particular piece.

Matthias Miller  47:27
You discover things. You find out that there are some pieces missing.

Matthias Miller  47:42
I mean, doesn't a lot of it okay, if I had to be make a really, really dumb down statement, a lot of it is comes down to starting at the top, drilling down the details, and whenever you hit something that affects something else, jumping over to that other thing and flagging it so we don't miss it. And and then just and let it proliferate and just keep grinding it through until and what starts at the starts at the beginning of the process. You have like it starts with you probably almost always start with just a few to do's, and all of a sudden it goes like, and then, and you know, there's this big explosion, and then, and then it gradually goes down, down, down, down to zero. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  49:00
Yeah. Okay, so records, we talked a lot, a lot about what you look for. I mean, taking even one step further, keeping it very simple. Well, keep it even the snippets don't fully encapsulate everything that you're looking for, right, right?

Tim Reitz  49:31
The snippets would would just be a at this point, or just a skeleton outline, or the one the snippets for existing standard records, would be fairly flushed. It would be fleshed out with standard spec. But the snippets don't specifically say for each field we need to. They don't specifically ask for each of those things that you had mentioned. We're talking about earlier, two different pieces of the spec, right?

Matthias Miller  50:03
It's not like it's surface on the right.

Tim Reitz  50:08
A lot of that is just kind of, we've developed a, kind of an SOP for how we spec those out. And we, yeah, we normally remember all the details that need to be specced out there.

Matthias Miller  50:36
Do you have? Is there a literal SOP for it?

Tim Reitz  50:42
I think at least have something in an email conversation. I don't think we necessarily have it all specked out on a weekly page or anything like that. Would you be able

Matthias Miller  50:57
to find it or not? I

Tim Reitz  51:05
I'd probably be able to type out an example faster than I could find it.

Matthias Miller  51:10
Well, we have the, I mean, things like as an example there, if you if you wanted to be completely systematic, if you were a an in depth design auditor, or a design auditor and you wanted to meticulously review everything. There's no indication in the spec that says, Yes, I did think about on changes and nothing needs to happen. Or, No, I didn't think about on changes and nothing needs to happen. Or, Yes, I do think did think about it and there is something that needs or it didn't think about it, but something might need to happen. Or, you know, there's no right it's and even on the format for on changes, there's no standard syntax that says, here's how, here's how this fits in with its other stuff.

Tim Reitz  52:02
Um, for the format in general, I do have a standard way that I that I would spec that out, but it's not there. It's not there. When I throw in the snippet, it's not there, asking me to to say whether or not it needs it or whether or not I filled it out,

Matthias Miller  52:22
sure makes sense. So it's in your head. And do you have a standard way to say that this field doesn't change anything else,

Tim Reitz  52:36
not necessarily, other than just, I don't. So if there's an unchanged reveal, I just say, you know, when this is edited, the following other fields are affected, and then I list those out as sub points. If there's no on change, then It just doesn't have that.

Matthias Miller  53:02
Okay?

Matthias Miller  53:23
Thinking that

Matthias Miller  53:40
do we go with a quick break? Sure?

Tim Reitz  53:54
Let's do it one, all right.

Matthias Miller  54:00
How much time you went?

Tim Reitz  54:03
Five minutes Good,

Matthias Miller  54:04
okay, sounds good, seeing A few Mm, hmm.

Matthias Miller  57:58
Know, right? Um, well, any brilliant inspirations? I don't think so. So it seems to me,

Matthias Miller  58:16
I don't know how else to i Okay, here's here's the hand wavy piece. The hand wavy piece, to me, is, or one of the problems that we have currently is that, apart from the email and apart from from existing proposals, there's no definitive standard that says it's still in your head. As far as this is done, we've thought about editability, visibility, permissions on changes. We've cross checked on changes in both directions. We've thought about record relationships. We've thought about how this shows up in reports, where it shows up in reports. We've handled editable reports. We've here's how the data gets into the system. We've audited that for every single, you know, every single thing that needs to come into the system. Um, I

Matthias Miller  1:00:01
So

Matthias Miller  1:00:11
wouldn't that like we have, we have things that are close. Snippets are very close.

Tim Reitz  1:00:42
Yeah, and it's, I've thought about that some like, how to, how to find a balance between, on one hand, having it all in my head, or in, if it's in my head, then it has to get passed on somebody else's head, versus having, you know, the other extreme is basically a web form or something or a series of ask prompts that you enter data into, and it prompts you for every single piece of the field spec, and you either have to Enter something in or say it doesn't need this. I and, and if you do that, you follow that whole process through, and every every field spec is going to be consistent and have all the data, but you have so much structure built around it that that that slows you down too, so somewhere in the middle, right? And that's where snippets are, are something in the middle, but aren't optimized to the point that they could be.

Matthias Miller  1:02:00
This is, this is absolutely 100% blue sky.

Matthias Miller  1:02:09
But imagine, well, it's actually not completely blue sky. Let me actually do something here. Actually, it might actually be in here. It's

Tim Reitz  1:02:24
in zch, yeah, but there's also

Matthias Miller  1:02:37
a this is also getting pushed across,

Matthias Miller  1:02:48
not, not completely accurately. As you can see the top, some of these comments are getting, aren't getting coming in completely right? But all of this stuff is is coming across from there. The biggest thing that it doesn't have is,

Matthias Miller  1:03:18
okay, so, so the the place where it's useful is the ability to imagine, if you had a spreadsheet form of filling this stuff out, like pull up a list of fields and boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, explain everything. Furthermore, now, now I'm straight up in in blue sky invention stuff, but but on these fields. So this, this currently is a direct correlation to like this literally gets turned into a catalog that creates stuff. But imagine for validation, where, instead of writing expressions in the area, you would just write descriptive text. So if this condition is true, show this message, and here's the severity level, and here's what it should and for these field changes, you would say, if this condition, you know, it depends on these other fields, that's probably the biggest thing, and it sets this field. And here's the plain text. You know, you might have have to have multiple the I'll get to why the condition fields matter. But you could have some kind of plain text description, but you wouldn't, you stop short of actually coding, coding it. And then same with virtual fields, like instead of writing the expression, you would just describe how it gets calculated. Now the biggest thing that could be useful is to say, well, this is going to look at this field to calculate. It's going to change this other field so that at any given time, you could say, I need to clean up everything related to the unit price on the order quantity. And boom, you have a way to pull up all the sections related to unit price, and only look at those sections and go through and say, Okay, this needs to be this is right. This is not right. We need to clean this up. There's this other thing or, or have a button that says, Go, Go, break out the Lysol. And it goes through and basically any place where this thing's referenced elsewhere, and maybe ask you, you know, just detail screens. You know, is it? Is it spray detail screens? Or do you spray reports too? Or spray everything and and it flags all of those as needing follow up to say, hey, look, you changed something on this thing. Go, go, find it. The beauty of this is that fundamentally, what you're doing in the in depth design is a form of development. You're just not writing the actual code, because everything that's needed for development you're thinking through, or pretty much you're not doing indexes. But there's, there's a substantial part of what you're what needs to be done in development. You're writing in plain English and letting these guys translate it into actual expressions. Hmm, this does not capture reports. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:06:50
But if you had a structure like this, yes, it is structured, but the structure also gives you it gives you advantages as well,

Tim Reitz  1:07:04
right for sure, yeah, and reports. Reports can get complex, but they're not usually. Well, seems like every system usually has one really complex report, at least, but it's still not, it's generally you're not dealing with nearly as much complexity and details as as you do on a details on a record, Right? So specking those out like we could do currently, wouldn't be as big of a deal well.

Matthias Miller  1:07:47
But even even reports could be done like that, because you could say, you know, click through, I want these columns included in the report, and I want them in this order with this these column dimensions and grouped by this thing over here and or some kind of custom, custom definition templates would be harder or might not be worth, in particular the extra for

Tim Reitz  1:08:22
right and templates, we often have put together a general idea, but then on in the proposal record, but then we actually put together a mockup of the template, and Then usually reverse spec from that once we have have the mockup put together and Sure, right? So, yeah, that one templates are usually specced less, less consistently or less they're kind of one of the last frontiers of the standardization of spec in here. So this is so what you're saying here is that you you can use this to actually generate spec into the proposal record.

Matthias Miller  1:09:18
I am currently using it to generate spec into the proposal record.

Tim Reitz  1:09:27
That's cool. So you're filling out all those things, and then it's

Matthias Miller  1:09:33
Yeah, pushing it across. Yeah.

Tim Reitz  1:09:40
I yeah, that's, that's really interesting. Ben, can you go in and edit things in the proposal record? I guess, when you go in and edit things in proposal record, it breaks if you try to edit from the designer again, well,

Matthias Miller  1:10:02
it'll, it'll just throw it away.

Tim Reitz  1:10:05
Okay, so

Matthias Miller  1:10:07
really, what you end up doing is, I do have a custom field, like here, you can see it's not working right. But on the work order, I have this, okay, it's not coming across properly, but we I have ZMM notes that I can put in on a detailed screen level that gets put up in the top.

Tim Reitz  1:10:29
See, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:10:32
and you would presumably want some things like that on a row by row basis, to be able To Yeah,

Tim Reitz  1:10:48
interesting.

Tim Reitz  1:11:00
So do you find it to be fairly fast? Or what are the advantages do you find of using

Matthias Miller  1:11:08
Is it the speed? It's

Tim Reitz  1:11:09
consistency,

Matthias Miller  1:11:11
it's the speed. The biggest advantage is that I literally don't care what the detail screens look like. I mean, the only thing is the order, like it's far better. Detail screen layout, to me, is one of the last things to care about. So as an example,

Matthias Miller  1:11:33
like this is just the detail screen. This is just how it looks. Uh,

Tim Reitz  1:11:45
Mm, hmm. I mean everything, specking it out on the designer correct,

Matthias Miller  1:11:49
everything's coming out of the design that is, it pretty No, is it functional for everything we need to do 100% is it cheaper than trying to finagle? In my opinion, you know finagle exactly out like, this is, this is an externally imported record. Most, most people don't look at this that closely, but you can break into sections. You can know, like there's all this stuff you can do if you need to. I just have said speed is of greater priority than fancy detail screens. And so for that reason, then the advantage added side effect is the database, the recognition. Definition is the documentation. Now, there's other disadvantages too. I don't think we would end up I think what Ellis and I have talked about long term is if I ever want coefficients to take over a project like this, we would stop using the designer, and they would just go build in here. And I think probably the same thing is true of the of the spec. But the fun thing is, with this is that, literally, you could, based off of this, you could spin up all the detail screen definitions for, you know, as a starting point and, but I don't know that it's the right answer. This is, this is the very formalized, well, it's, it's, this is the, this the Go code. It formalized version. Well, yeah, probably it doesn't really support you could, you could put plain text in these things. It wouldn't be there could be a middle ground. Okay, here's, here's where I yeah, we're going. We're going past discovery to potential solutions. It might be premature, but to me, the two biggest things are number one, is there any way that we can instead of top down, going through the spec? Can we start with the nuke? Can we think of designs as radial instead of linear. So what is the nucleus? In this might not have been possible, but in what's a good example, Valley View, often it's like the order record, something like that. And so can we start with the one that has the greatest likelihood for external ramifications first, and make the big waves first and then deal with the little waves? The other big thing that to me, maybe you might disagree, but to me, that adds a lot to the design time is it's really difficult and time consuming and requires a lot of context switching and jumping around to say, I'm changing this. What are all the implications of this? And can I just even if I don't want to deal with it now, I just want to propagate, like, all the implications, so I can come back to it, or I want to dig into it. Can I imagine a dream world scenario where you would have your proposal open and you could do a search, and you could pin three different things that you want to look at, or five different things, and you could simultaneously edit all of them and then push them back to where they need to go.

Matthias Miller  1:16:02
Yeah, interesting, but, but the but in my mind, maybe I'm maybe I'm completely,

Matthias Miller  1:16:20
what are your thoughts, instincts, reactions to any of that?

Tim Reitz  1:16:29
Yeah, so on the maybe my, my first thought when you're talking about the using the designer as like the go build it thing. I wonder if the designer could be, could be the tool that gets us 80% there in I don't know if 20% of the time or not, but if we use a designer to build out 80% of the of the spec, and then say, Okay, we're done with the designer for now. And now we're going to go in there, get our fingers in it, and in the spec and pretty it up. So that would that would utilize some of the strengths of the designer, and then yes, being able to utilize some of those things, of of tagging things, of linking things together, being able to see almost a dashboard view of what's what's getting affected by by this change, or where all the what are all the things that are touched by this, by this thing, or whatever. Yeah, no, I think that's really interesting. It sounds like a i a somewhat significant learning curve. But maybe that's just because I haven't messed up the designer much.

Matthias Miller  1:18:14
Well, the I mean, go ahead

Tim Reitz  1:18:17
and it's not necessarily that's a bad thing, like if it's, if it's, I could see a lot of savings just in the very first design we do. So that's more just an observation than a than a real con, I guess.

Matthias Miller  1:18:40
Well, keep, keep in mind that this could very easily become part of the high level design, and could actually then be used to generate Mockups for the high level design. Now, Mockups are about the least expensive of the high level sign anyway, so really barely matters, but

Matthias Miller  1:19:15
I don't know if I fully believe In it, but I do Believe, I do believe in

Matthias Miller  1:19:43
I do believe, most fundamentally, the complexity is coming from the from from managing record really well. I think I've already articulated it. Think if I say anything, I just repeat myself.

Matthias Miller  1:20:10
I think the big gap

Matthias Miller  1:20:30
Okay, what if it's not the designer, though. What if it's a what if it's a much simpler mechanism, hmm, what if it's what if it's a, you know, still a record type definition, still a series of field definitions, some basic typing information, but you can define the dependencies to say this depends on this other field, which then allows you to rename stuff without getting yourself, without needing to do a bunch of copy and copy and paste. And you can also say, what are the first, second and third level implications of this. So this field is directly connected to these ones, but those second ones are directly connected to these third ones that we haven't even talked about. And you could, you could look at it from that perspective. Mm, highlight them, hit add comment and say, you know, to do TR think through how this, you know, update to reflect unit price changes or whatever it is.

Tim Reitz  1:22:01
Yeah,

Tim Reitz  1:22:08
yeah, I think something like that, because I I think too that that one of the biggest complexities, or the slowest points are, are in all those interconnected pieces, and if this changes, then that or when this field gets set now, or we thought we knew how this, how this works, and now we're changing it so having a way to tie those things together and simplify our our interactions with those things would, I think would be a big time saver for

Tim Reitz  1:23:10
and then I do feel like that client that I mentioned that wants to be able to it's actually, yeah, the zlp client that you select something from a drop list, but then also be able to override the name for what they just selected from the drop list. I feel like I like to go get my fingers in there and and type out something, something custom for stuff, but maybe that's just a notes field that goes with each one. Yeah, I think so, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:23:44
I think I think the stuff that we know, I mean, and even some of the stuff could be,

Matthias Miller  1:23:54
yeah, I mean, it would almost be a form of of a dev input. Imagine if you you could do a dev input On a per field basis with a little note.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:09
Mm,

Tim Reitz  1:24:26
yeah, and then there's so then there's a couple different directions you can go with those notes as well. One is, excuse me, one of the internal notes of to do em, we need to talk about this, or to do TR, I need to come back to this and and work on it more once I've specked out this other thing. And there's also the like design notes of we often put in italics now, just like explanatory notes or clarifying notes or or things like that. Thing that we want to have in the living spec we want the client be able to see, or some future support person be able to see, yep, yep, yeah. We have some of those that we want to stay in the living spec as documentation and some that we the internal ones we just want, we're going to want to clear and essentially move to history once they're done, so we can go back and and reference them.

Matthias Miller  1:25:34
I think potentially we still have, well, I think potentially we still have a the equivalent of a spec and Dev spec, Dev spec in history, on each field press or on a field level, where you could throw to do's into, I don't know where you want the to do's keep things in dev spec that the developers need to know, but we don't need to interface to the client and and then, Yeah, like I said, History,

Matthias Miller  1:26:15
essentially, archive, individual fields. Mm, yeah,

Tim Reitz  1:26:36
I'm also curious as shifting gears a little bit, but I'm curious, and be curious to hear from, from other people who, who do design work here, what they see as, as being bottlenecks in the design process. Obviously, you're doing some with, with Strasburg and and and some of the others, who's, who's been doing a lot of the design work, specking for like for zrt. Has it been you or Seth, right.

Matthias Miller  1:27:13
So with zrt, let's run through some scenarios. So Strasburg, the biggest bottleneck ultimately comes down to business requirements. And the first bottleneck was we were converting from really convoluted spreadsheets, and the data model was really unclear, and that's the worst thing with spreadsheets, and just learning the business second bottleneck then is business requirements. The determining pricing formulas and things like that. And that determines design. There's a little bit where it's a little weird too. You're thinking through the fact that you've got work orders for different stages in the process, in the manufacturing process. But anyway, like, but some of this stuff, just once you nail down the business use case, the design, just the design is right there. It's just go build it. Zfp is another case where much of the design process also comes down to. It took us a while to get here, but really came down to business requirements, and been pushing business requirements towards simplicity. The biggest failure was payroll module up front, where you spent as much on design as they spent as much on design as they did development. And that's pretty predominantly because it was really complicated and a lot of edge cases, and nobody could agree to give up how they were compensating their people and change their structure. And I think they would change this change today if they could. Also with zfp, there's like three tiers of jobs. I'm predominantly doing the high level design and everything run really complicated stuff, Seth, and I just go do it, okay, there's, like the ultra complicated stuff. And I go do it complicated. Seth, goes, go, does it. And the medium complicated, as in, not simple. And I mean, none of it's simple enough for Bangladesh, or straightforward or well documented enough, I suppose, or well spec enough it goes to, you know, Nick or Sean or somebody there who just goes, that's good and does it. The zrt is also predominantly high level design. Death tells me that stuff that he gets from the RT and zfp are sometimes barely like they're, they're, I'm not, I'm not specking them out to painstaking detail. And so he's usually often able to wrap his head around it, but sometimes he really struggles to make sense of the chicken scratches that they send him. And then he will basically do an in depth Well, he'll either just figure out what I mean and go do it or do probably stop a little short of what you're doing for Bangladesh, but get it closer to that level of detail and send it off. Is that your question?

Tim Reitz  1:30:30
Yeah, I think that helps. I guess what I'm seeing there is, it's not the specking isn't happening on this level of detail there because, what for variety of reasons, but one being you and Seth are thinking through the design and then then banging it out, or Seth handing it off to somebody in the same office as as he is, so he just slide there to their desk when They have questions correct. Versus here where we are. We're thinking through the spec ahead of time. We're sending it off to developers either in Kansas or Bangladesh, so not in the same state building room, whatever. And we're also wanting this documented for future posterity, essentially, like, yep, one of us is designing it, someone else is coding it, somebody else is supporting it. And so there's Yeah, so there are different needs. And so it's not, it's not needing to be like those other projects you mentioned at this point don't need that same level of specking. And so the process for getting from the concept to the deployment is is different, correct?

Matthias Miller  1:31:52
The other big difference is that many of these are much smaller phases or iterations. So a lot of the Strasburg features are maybe max a week of development time. Maybe, maybe, well, I don't know, week or two, I don't know. It's not just a ton of development time. Zfp changes, it's rare to have a month long project. And then even with zrt, yeah, there are pieces of it that stretch out, but we've consistently peeled off pieces where we're like, yeah, we believe on this and we're willing to sacrifice just a little bit of rework at this point. It hasn't been terrible,

Tim Reitz  1:32:36
but there

Matthias Miller  1:32:37
have definitely been times where we've had to do a bit of rework. The work. The downside is, yes, we have to have developers go change things. The upside is, Dwayne can look at it and be like, oh, oh, that's stupid. Why did we do that? And he can do that before we're heavily vested in the in that. So that is another variation, the way I would, I would the way I would describe what you're doing is you're a developer who doesn't write code. That's basically what which you are, sure. And that's both an advantage and a disadvantage. The advantage is you don't have to take it the last mile to execution. The disadvantage is, well, you've never actually had the literal experience of building the projects on the back end and so and I think most of the technical questions that you face, and even some of the design stuff. Well, okay, technical questions in particular come from that I have been I take this for granted. I've been shocked how often things go sideways on zfp When I don't have my hands in the design, hmm. And that's strictly, that's strictly a measure of being able to, well, what is it? It's teasing out when they're asking for the wrong it's knowing when they're asking for the wrong thing and pushing towards simplicity on implementation and not and refusing to settle like basically saying no to everything that's, well, there's some complicated things I say no to. I mean, I say yes to No. Well, I'm not sure Seth would disagree. I think, I think I vehemently say no to complicated things. And some of the time. Seth thinks it's complicated, and I contend that it's not we go do it. He understands what I'm saying. I just didn't communicate it well enough, and he didn't wrap his head around it. And then there are times when there's a small segment of times when things are legitimately complicated and it's just almost irreducible, and you just throw up your hand and bite the bullet, and you say, this is going to be expensive. Sorry, guys. Expensive.

Tim Reitz  1:35:23
Sorry, guys, complicated, yeah, yeah. And I think this is like anecdotal processing here, but with with zlp, we're finishing up, finishing up development on that. We're starting deployment now. But that's the one where the paving company, with the with the proposal record and the linked RGS and and all of that. And we I was realizing in the last few weeks, so we had specked it out. We spent lots of time, we recognized the crazy complexity there, and but then, when we actually started coding, it like once, once there was actually a prototype there in the test system. Then realizing there are a lot of, I shouldn't say a lot, there were multiple pieces that we just hadn't been able to think through all the way because we didn't have it in front of us. It was all theory in our heads and in and on the on the screen. So I think that that's maybe another place where this, the designer, could come in handy is, is being able to, especially on complex pieces, being able to put together an initial prototype, and even if it's not fully functional, yeah, once something's there and you can start clicking on it and Seeing what what it's doing, it becomes evident more quickly what what needs to happen, or what how things need to work, as

Matthias Miller  1:37:07
I would agree

Tim Reitz  1:37:08
to rattle through all of The scenarios and possibilities and interconnections mentally.

Matthias Miller  1:37:19
Yeah, yes. That's I've been surprised, like even i Okay. I've been I've been playing Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:37:42
I've been looking at bookkeeping, and I said, this is stupid. Most of my transactions are the same every month. I mean, genuinely, I mean, it's this, this, this, if it comes from this person, then it's this, typically. And sometimes it's a little bit more complicated. So why? Why not just build rules and set it and forget it? Because, because, of course, it makes sense to waste. Don't think about what dollar price tag it is. Of my time building something to save, I don't know, several 100 bucks a month, and I don't know what like. It doesn't make sense, whatever nights and weekends hobby projects, because why not? So I'm sucking data from external sources, pushing them into intermediate records, and then pushing them across to accounting. Could I have spected this thing out fully from A to Z, yes, was it much easier to say? Step one, I want to get all my accounting information into these intermediate records first so that I can go look at them. Okay. Oh, well, we should be tying accounting transactions over to these guys this way, not that way. That's obvious. Now, let's go do that. Okay, done now. Oh, by the way, the sinking start date should happen on a per account basis, because you might turn it on for an account after you turn it on for other accounts. Oh, let's just duh. Now I need a way to automatically update the accounting transaction based on this intermediate record to pull every suck everything in. Well, how's that going to work? So this sits in the back of my head, back of my head, back in my head for a few days, and then I'm like, Oh, this isn't complicated. You just You just say, Do you have a line item that was reconciled, that was that was cleared? Well, first of all, do you have zero or two line items in your transaction? And do you have any line items where you're trying to change the amount or the account that's already been cleared? You can't do that. And if those conditions are I mean, if everything's fine, you can just go update that thing. However you want to just go update it. It just works. Yeah, like, Oh, that was easy. And if you can't update it, show a little warning underneath it, because I don't feel like thinking through about whether I just make the update checkbox not editable if you can't, and show the reason underneath it if you can't. And that's good enough. We're not building fancy, you know, rockets. Now next question, how's the accounting team going to use this? Like, how do they go about building rules and figure out what this is going to do and and handling and categories? Well, now everything's in the system. Let's just go build some user reports, and let's do version one, version two, version three, and and, oh, well, that's really complicated. Let's go do it. I'm very confident about how the data is structured. Now I'm just not confident about the workflow for you know, the most complicated question is, why did this get assigned to this? Not that well, if you have, if you can show matching rules, you can say, well, there were these three rules, and this one was more specific. It was a higher priority. And so we picked that one. That's why, oh, that was dumb. We should X, Y or Z, fix it and move on, but that workflow then becomes much easier to think through when you actually have real things you can start working with, right? My point being, it's a very convoluted, long answer to I um, this thing of being able to iterate, visually iterate, and not just visually, but interactively, like there's two levels, high level design, it's really useful to be able to visually iterate, but can you but interactively iterate is also really useful. Can you imagine how cool it would be if the first thing you would do on an in depth design is Sean would go push the we do it in the designer, and Sean would go push this thing into a catalog, and you'd spin up a test system, and you'd be like, Okay, let's start working through this step by step. Clicky, clicky, and it looks done, but boy, is it not. Now anyway, all the cost perception and all this other types of stuff that goes with that that you have to manage. I don't know separate conversation for Ellis, but I'll add my little spiel. I made my point.

Tim Reitz  1:42:46
Yeah, so then I guess the question is, I mean that, yeah, the designer is certainly a piece of that. And yeah, I've noticed that with Mockups, like, once we get Mockups in, it's just stuff on Google Sheets, but just that that visual makes a big difference. And so yeah, having something that's even interactive.

Tim Reitz  1:43:16
So I guess there are different directions we could go. One is with the designer. One is is taking it a step further, taking it like what you were saying, actually pushing from the designer into the test system, and having a functional, semi functional test system. I

Tim Reitz  1:43:43
What else there's, there's stuff to I wonder

Tim Reitz  1:43:52
what, to what extent it would be helpful for me to, even I don't know, do a coding boot camp and of sorts, and get a little bit more familiar with with some of the technical side of things. That's more the technical side of the interactive question. But I guess I'm just processing brainstorming some some stuff here. I

Matthias Miller  1:44:23
I think the big one there's two potentially big wins from either the designer or a designer look alike. Which is first win is being able to get visuals. The second win is being able to tell at a glance, be able to have a formalized way to manage field and record relationships. The third piece tertiary is being able to have yes, no, blank, you know, unknown for things like validation and other other stuff like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:09
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:45:15
cool, okay, well, um, good food for thought. I think I'm not quite sure what to I don't even know how much there is to talk about before I have a chance to chat with Ellis, which will be next Thursday. I Hmm, if you have time in the meantime, I do think some level of getting things out of your head, as far as what are the things probably should have actually, this could be useful for a subsequent call. This can either be done as kind of a quasi working session. You could do it solo, some combination. The two things are, what are the things like on changes that are not specifically in snippets that you do review for? And the other thing I really feel like, what are the field to field, record to record relationships, and the things that you look for on those relationships, the side note. This is a little bit of a side note, but one of the things that I've been thinking about from the designer standpoint, that it doesn't handle well, and currently the catalog doesn't handle very well either, is if you have two records that need to stay in sync, you have to go code record one to go check record two, and then you have to go check change or two, two database levels, record types. So you have to change, you know, we don't do this, but contact needs to make sure you don't change it from an employee to a customer if you have time cards, and time cards needs to make sure that it's an employer customer. So imagine if you had a way to specify in one place to say, we are validating these values across two records, this one and this one, and you say, and then that. So first, so we give that capability into the in at a platform level, in the catalog. And then we also give you an ability to spec that, where you can define a record relationship that says that these these, we need validation, some capacity that these two link, and that automatically gets synced in or it gets displayed in both places. And if you update one the other updates, anyway, interesting.

Tim Reitz  1:48:16
That kind of breaks my brain, but that is a that is an interesting thing to think about. I think about.

Matthias Miller  1:48:24
Or maybe it's not that complicated. Maybe you have a place where it's primarily defined. But if you, if you, if you could say that in one place, you would have a say. This validation is dependent on this other record, in this other field, another field in this other record. Then when that shows up, it would say, note there's validation here. Note that this other thing validates that you know this relationship exists. So it might not be completely worded definitively, but it surfaces to that fact that and you just have to pick an arbitrary place where you're going to define the validation, but then it surfaces the fact in both places that it's dependent on another thing for validation and same thing, if you could say calculations are on changes, it's almost like we could actually, this is a little crazy. I mean, we could almost on another call, like you could have a there's three types of dependencies. Number one is a calculation. So this auto calculates based on this other field, either on this record or another record. Number two, there's a validation one, this is validated based off of this other thing. Well, there's actually three, visibility, four, editability, five on changes this field changes something else. Imagine if you could have a an RG in your field definition in the proposal, you would have an RG that says, what's the relationship, what's the what's, whatever it is. I don't know which, which order, what's the field, what's or what's the relationship, what's the reference field, and what is some descriptive text to go along with it, or maybe it's, it's, here's the on changes. You know, describe the on changes. And then what are the, what are the fields that get changed and then, and then, describe the visibility. What does it check? What are the fields that are checked for visibility, and then editability? Same way, validation, same way, describe the validation. And what are the fields that are checked? And now,

Matthias Miller  1:51:08
anyway, there you

Tim Reitz  1:51:10
go. That's interesting, food for thought, yeah, yeah, that's cool. That's a cool idea. And then you would, you would have to, when you went for the on changes, like sometimes, and just recently, in the, I think in one of the recent specs, I did like, they're different on changes, like the you have conditional on changes, and you have, like, this field gets changed if this thing is true, But all these other fields get changed no matter what. So you'd almost be able to add different rows for different different on changes. It's

Matthias Miller  1:51:51
a little janky, but what I would almost do is an RG of, okay, what's the event and what's the description, so validation, and then make sure that X, Y and Z, whatever. And then you have, this is terrible, but dependent field one, dependent field two, dependent field three, dependent field four, dependent field five. And you can select up to five dependent fields. And if you get more than that, then we add 6789, and 10. And is it janky Yes? Is it really easy to enter yes, and then you can very quickly reference, I mean, that's how you consolidate. Maybe.

Matthias Miller  1:52:41
It doesn't tell you.

Matthias Miller  1:52:49
Anyway, I think, I think probably a little bit more thought or a few iterations would be required to figure out exactly how we want it.

Tim Reitz  1:52:59
But, yeah, all right, something to think about. Yeah, for sure. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:53:16
all right, good,

Tim Reitz  1:53:17
cool. Well, sounds good. So then basically, we'll plan to, I'll plan to be working on on some of those things the next week and a half. And then we'll plan to touch base after you and I'll talk again.

Matthias Miller  1:53:32
I think that, I think that would make sense.

Tim Reitz  1:53:35
Okay, Okey, dokey, very good.

Matthias Miller  1:53:44
Good chatting again, yeah, yeah,

Tim Reitz  1:53:47
for sure, that's good processing and thinking through stuff too. So thanks for the questions and input.

Matthias Miller  1:53:59
You're welcome gladly.

Tim Reitz  1:54:02
Already Take care.

Matthias Miller  1:54:03
Thanks. You too. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai