Unknown Speaker  00:13
Well, hello, okay, there's that Oh, my sound settings are all messed up. Okay, how about that? Is that good?

Matthias Miller  00:27
Look at that. Look at that.

Unknown Speaker  00:31
Oh, right.

Speaker 1  00:33
Bit of a bit of a school dance, and I couldn't get here. Well, Addison normally does, does school duty at this time of the day, and he's at the dentist. So I had to chat. I had to jump in.

Matthias Miller  00:51
All right, all good. Well, we have, we could talk about sales tax, we could talk about

Speaker 1  01:06
we had talked did we? We didn't do we finished the tables, the RTO tables.

Matthias Miller  01:11
Yeah, that was the other, I mean, that's the other thing on the list. I'm not sure where we're at with that,

Speaker 2  01:17
since that is mine. Numbingly, numbing.

Matthias Miller  01:26
Let's talk about sales tax real quick. Let me see if I can schema. Come on, yes, there's a schema. Don't kid yourself.

Matthias Miller  01:51
All right now we were also,

Matthias Miller  02:02
Hang on. Let me save this other thing and completely destroy stuff. Okay, so this guy, we also had open, um,

Unknown Speaker  02:29
okay so?

Unknown Speaker  02:45
Now share

Matthias Miller  02:51
so we had, I don't know how far the I

Unknown Speaker  03:13
do we have we didn't do

Matthias Miller  03:27
did deposits. We have no idea what to do events. Is EOD table. We said we don't need no idea what the to do events. I can't remember. We were down in here, around here somewhere to do. We went down all the way down to dealer table. I'm not sure well, but we didn't, it doesn't look to me like we did everything. We don't want, let's, let's look at what this one is.

Unknown Speaker  04:13
Yeah, this is just,

Unknown Speaker  04:17
I don't know what we were going to. Just put that into a note. So we do need it,

Speaker 1  04:23
yeah, I think we had talked about putting it into a note for just like, yeah, dropping the basically concatenating it all events that were tied to that account number into a note and assign it to the account. Yeah.

Speaker 1  04:47
Oh, wait, no, wait, no, wait, wait. You said, Wait a minute. You said something different. Wait a minute. Didn't you say it's all going to be in there? If we want to go look at it, we'll go build reporting

Unknown Speaker  04:55
against it.

Matthias Miller  04:56
Well, we need to bring in. There's other events too. There's this event table. Oops, not this guy. No, this guy. And then there's the to do events table,

Speaker 1  05:14
wait, go, go back to the other events table I want to see open up the expand the subject. Column F.

Speaker 1  05:31
And do we have? Do we have? Is there an is there an account number, or is it some sort of other ID number? What's the it's a rec, no number with but what? Identifies it to the account?

Matthias Miller  05:43
We had already figured this one out. No, we had there's an event ID,

Speaker 1  05:53
there's an account number. Okay, again, I feel a little bit like dumping this one into another note. And just like

Matthias Miller  06:06
subject, we probably want location. I think you're

Speaker 1  06:15
going to need column. I think it is that, well, I can't tell if it's i or j. Body, yeah, body,

Matthias Miller  06:25
location or No, no, the

Unknown Speaker  06:31
rest of the account

Unknown Speaker  06:33
number. What's the remind? Is remind?

Matthias Miller  06:39
And is reminder? And his private

Speaker 1  06:45
I don't think we need that. Oh, I wonder if some of this is some of this looks like promise payments, but this don't we have a promise payments table or something.

Matthias Miller  07:04
I lost my place. I wanted to note a few things here.

Unknown Speaker  07:11
We need store.

Matthias Miller  07:14
Presumably, you want collect as well. But collect could be, I mean, collect is probably when you're collecting on the

Speaker 3  07:22
Yeah, I mean, I think kind of collect is valuable, like relevant information. We're going to stick this all into a note too, that you can just scroll down through, and you can go back through and look at this stuff.

Matthias Miller  07:32
I think something like this is about, right? Do you want an event? I don't know whether the event type. Let's go see what the is in the event. Def, do? To do event Dev, welcome mailer, mail, welcome packet. That's, that's in the other one. It looks like they were in the middle of a migration of event tables or something, I don't know. Okay, well, that gives us, that gives us events. But then the to do events. Do we just do the same thing? Same thing?

Unknown Speaker  08:04
Yeah, so wrong. One

Speaker 1  08:16
event type description you're going to want those. Oh, that's the event. Def, sorry,

Matthias Miller  08:22
to do events description gets copied over, I believe, yeah, unless we

Speaker 1  08:26
want the probably event type, what were the types? Is it just a number?

Matthias Miller  08:32
Well, it's a welcome caller or mailed welcome packet, which correlates to the descriptions. I don't think it's Gotcha. Doesn't appear like it's useful, right, right, right, right, right, right. Makes sense. Makes sense. Okay, so that's to do events we have the end of day table

Speaker 1  08:47
is there, is there a way that we can just take like that events, table, the other events and like based on the date, concatenate the whole thing into one giant Yeah, we'll do something like that.

Matthias Miller  09:02
Delete the old inventory. Deposit history. Deposit history. This is in the Hang on. This is an RTO pro depreciation. I

Speaker 1  09:30
Oh, the agent is Jerry Yoder, gotcha. So what's happening? So is this like? So this is basically, this is the Calculate. Is this like the amount that's coming off? Wait, dude, this is the amount that's coming off the new RBV. Is it when it

Matthias Miller  09:50
was run, when it was depreciated? Depreciation?

Speaker 1  09:54
Search that one. Search one of those serial numbers. Just take one of those and do it. Control F on it or Yes, sort it. There you go.

Matthias Miller  10:04
Now we're talking, let's just pick this guy. Yeah,

Speaker 1  10:19
well, it seems useful. Yeah, no kidding. You literally can stomp in. You can stomp these into the building record or the product record.

Matthias Miller  10:30
Okay, so we went, this is depth history.

Unknown Speaker  10:32
Depth history,

Matthias Miller  10:34
depreciation, depreciation. Yeah, Why could they not put the R on to contrast reverse? Yeah?

Speaker 1  10:40
Like it because it's confusing, because there's other things that have DEP,

Matthias Miller  10:48
okay, we got depth history now I

Unknown Speaker  10:50
don't do we need the hokey. The hokey.

Matthias Miller  10:55
Yes, we need it for deduplication. Okay,

Speaker 4  11:00
important. Don't

Matthias Miller  11:14
know where this gets used.

Unknown Speaker  11:22
What is this? What am I looking at? This

Matthias Miller  11:25
is used somewhere for transit tasks. It looks like it's a ship from ship to that's linked to a single ID.

Unknown Speaker  11:39
What's the from?

Matthias Miller  11:42
I mean, the from is from, like the from, it's from the dealer. Oh,

Speaker 1  12:00
wild, I don't even, I didn't even know that was taking place. I don't know

Matthias Miller  12:05
if it's transit task. I don't know what this address key. I don't know, well, I guess I don't, I don't

Unknown Speaker  12:23
so go back to it for one second.

Matthias Miller  12:29
Sorry, I'm getting lost in my I know. Okay.

Speaker 1  12:34
I'm assuming, okay, so the second the ship too would be, I'm assuming the customer's account, the customer's address, yep, we're not currently fielding a ship from are we

Matthias Miller  12:49
not more than the dealer name?

Speaker 1  12:51
It's going to be, it's going to be in some table somewhere. So, I mean, if we have to go build reporting against it, we can go build based on, do we have a, do we have an account number in here?

Matthias Miller  13:02
No, that's what I'm not that's where. I'm not sure where the address key is. That's what I was looking for over here to see if we have a numeric address. That's a varicare, a numeric address field somewhere.

Unknown Speaker  13:20
So there's no ID, address key. What's that?

Matthias Miller  13:24
That is the key, but I don't know what it ties

Unknown Speaker  13:27
out. To show me the key here, I'm gonna this either a contract number or

Matthias Miller  13:36
it's it's non numeric, so it's got to be a

Matthias Miller  13:47
Yeah, it's this guy. What is that? What's b, b, b, b, b, b, b, Contract.

Unknown Speaker  13:57
Contract Number, yep,

Matthias Miller  14:24
why wouldn't we call it like address contract or something? Okay? We shouldn't critique their stuff. Everybody's got dirty underwear shoved into their bed. Okay? So everybody has dirty underwear projected. Table, protected, projected payments. Why do we need this?

Speaker 1  14:48
What is projected payment? This is interesting.

Unknown Speaker  14:53
Don't you think? What is it

Matthias Miller  14:58
projected pay? Is this auto pay. I don't know what it is, all right,

Unknown Speaker  15:13
let's, let's look at a particular line item we've got, like, it's like, a ton of information. I mean,

Matthias Miller  15:22
it basically looks like a customer record or something.

Unknown Speaker  15:33
But

Matthias Miller  15:39
where with projective payment auto charge it has whether it's an auto charge or not, commitment, whether they made a commitment on it.

Matthias Miller  15:54
Due Date, contract date, I kind of last transaction

Speaker 1  15:57
date. We had this information in 1000 different other way. So why would we worry about this?

Matthias Miller  16:02
I mean, I don't think we do. It's just, I don't think we need it, but

Unknown Speaker  16:06
I don't think so either

Matthias Miller  16:10
tax zones that might be, this is, this is probably useful.

Speaker 1  16:16
It would give us a way to initially assign all tax tax

Matthias Miller  16:20
rates, yeah, I think, Ah,

Unknown Speaker  16:24
dude, all right.

Matthias Miller  16:32
Okay, well, we'll probably gonna want this. Then,

Matthias Miller  16:39
if we're pulling in history, we should probably do that. Okay, we need

Matthias Miller  16:50
active record number store.

Unknown Speaker  16:58
I need the whole update.

Matthias Miller  16:59
What is it? Again, we don't know what it is. It's useless. Other tax, all this stuff we need. Yep, and let's make sure we don't have

Matthias Miller  17:19
contracts history. Awesome, okay, reminders.

Speaker 1  17:32
Again, slap it in that, that giant note with all the other events and so on and so forth, based on probably the creation date, probably, but we will need to field that the Second,

Matthias Miller  17:47
keep in mind that we could migrate this into notes, especially if they're not complete. But

Matthias Miller  17:59
I think it's completely appropriate to say you're going to switch over and you need to your reminders aren't going to come across Dell records. What records? Deleted? Records? No, don't need it init. Oh, the settings. OMG, the sack. Po two,

Matthias Miller  18:31
okie, the Hokey Pokey,

Matthias Miller  18:42
the final thing is the store number.

Speaker 1  18:45
I mean, there is some interesting stuff in here, like the SMS number, although I don't think any of that's going to carry across.

Matthias Miller  18:55
Tax jar API key,

Unknown Speaker  18:56
the WHO tax jar API

Unknown Speaker  19:03
that's awesome.

Unknown Speaker  19:06
That makes life a little easier.

Matthias Miller  19:18
That's crazy. Why would you that's really crazy, so fun. So how would you, how would you if somebody started using it? You'd have to roll out an update to all your all your customers, to start using what if somebody started using your text or API key, or is that not, is that not a shared API key?

Speaker 1  19:44
No, that's the, oh, put that into the settings. Got it? And there's, there's the profitability stuff.

Matthias Miller  20:00
We're just, I'm not sure you want to import. You don't want to blindly import this stuff. You don't want passwords and stuff and activity history and whatnot.

Speaker 1  20:11
Scroll all the way back to the bottom. Yeah. There is something interesting there. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going.

Speaker 1  20:27
Okay, there's the SS, SMS Sid, SMS auth five. So if we literally figured out who the provider was, we could literally patch back into this.

Matthias Miller  20:40
SMS Sid, Okay, that looks like. That looks like hexadecimal.

Unknown Speaker  20:56
Yeah, let's do this.

Unknown Speaker  21:12
Binary number, decimal number, Bin too, ASCII. I don't think this is, sorry x to ASCII.

Matthias Miller  21:34
Yeah, I don't know what that one is. It might be encrypted in some way, but I don't know for sure.

Unknown Speaker  21:45
Okay, scroll up slowly. Web, pay. Okay. Now, keep going. Keep going. Can't read that fast. Nope. Sorry.

Unknown Speaker  22:10
I wonder if where's the clearance stuff? I don't know if it's gonna be named that though. I mean, is it no check, credit card.

Matthias Miller  22:27
Oh, no, merchant ID.

Speaker 1  22:29
That's ACH merchant ID. Wait a minute. What's the No?

Matthias Miller  22:38
Anyway, well, you can search for API. I do

Speaker 1  22:45
find it interesting that we have the texture information. That's actually good to know

Matthias Miller  22:52
clearance has HP key and the MB, BSI.

Speaker 1  22:58
I mean, it's basically useless information, because the moment that we actually swap software is because they haven't, because RTO Pro has a partner account with, yeah, with Clarence, you can't, you can't reuse any of this stuff.

Matthias Miller  23:11
I mean, I don't think, I just, I don't think there's anything again, I'm slightly nervous about right? We could disable activity history on it, but still, do you really want this? Okay, so,

Speaker 1  23:32
I mean, I think we ought, we ought to put it somewhere, and it ought to be database. It ought to be user restricted to some high level to go, actually go look at some of that old information.

Matthias Miller  23:41
Do you want to you want to keep it?

Speaker 1  23:45
Yeah, I would keep it around just for, for for the sake of going back and saying, Okay, what was some of that settings in there actually

Speaker 1  24:01
feels a little bit like it's a bit of useless information that is somewhat sensitive than if you really want to know some of that stuff, go over and open your old art Pro and go find it.

Matthias Miller  24:13
I think so that's how I would write. So the I don't know what is this? These are your, oh, your custom reports.

Speaker 1  24:29
What? Yeah, oh yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:35
some of them stored in RTF as well. What's RTF? RTF, rich text formatting, like a formatted text Hey, how I don't understand, I don't know why. But anyway, I mean, it just doesn't help you any. But there you go.

Speaker 1  24:54
I mean, I know where that table. I know where that that where to find that information in RTO, pro, anyway, so, but plus. It's like once, once the data is over into our side. Well, it's useless information at that point.

Matthias Miller  25:06
What's this? Alt payment?

Speaker 1  25:11
Oh, look at that credit card account there that Whoa, do we have? Are those?

Matthias Miller  25:18
The are those? The two is that, is that? What I think it is,

Unknown Speaker  25:23
it might be. How long is the

Matthias Miller  25:30
credit card? Number,

Unknown Speaker  25:33
four, 812, 16, 412341234,

Matthias Miller  25:41
that doesn't look right.

Speaker 1  25:43
Scroll up to the top. It's alternate payment. Though.

Matthias Miller  25:48
These aren't like secondary payment methods, are they?

Speaker 1  25:51
Maybe? But I mean, there you got the expiry, like, scroll back, go back to the top. You've got credit card exp. I'm assuming that's expiration you got the type, MasterCard, V, MasterCard, Visa. How many? How many 474, okay, that's that. This has got to be some sort of, some sort of tokenization

Matthias Miller  26:18
here, Ach, I mean, it just doesn't help. Doesn't help us, though, right? We can't use the tokens. We can't use that numbers.

Unknown Speaker  26:31
Tokenization, yeah, I understand from from clearance

Matthias Miller  26:34
that we can it's not tied to the account ID. Don't know,

Unknown Speaker  26:38
I don't know how the tokenization exactly works yet.

Matthias Miller  26:41
I would be shocked, but I could be I

Speaker 3  26:43
want to. I want the table. How are we going to use it yet? I don't know, but we definitely want it.

Unknown Speaker  26:51
I don't know where we want to put it.

Matthias Miller  26:57
You know, we'll pull it across. I

Matthias Miller  27:04
Okay, I thought we had deliberately, anyway, deliberately excluded other payment information. So that's the case. You might be missing. Like, no, we had pulled it across. Okay. I

Speaker 3  27:23
applications, yeah, this is going to pretty much blank, I'm pretty sure, because we never really did, yeah, it's you may,

Matthias Miller  27:30
there's here and there. Okay, time clock.

Unknown Speaker  27:34
I don't think we've ever really used it.

Matthias Miller  27:37
Somebody did.

Unknown Speaker  27:40
Yeah, no kidding, through

Matthias Miller  27:41
2018 not enough.

Speaker 3  27:44
It's to be clear, the time clock is not you. It's useless to us, but it will not be useless to other companies bringing stuff in. So do

Matthias Miller  27:50
I go ahead and code it right away? Yeah, I think we do.

Speaker 1  27:59
Is there, is there a go back to the is there, is there a user ID to it,

Matthias Miller  28:04
employee number? Yeah, okay. Deposits, I'm gonna guess we need this customer deposits.

Speaker 1  28:17
What kind of deposit? I guess, security deposit. I thought we'd come across this before. I thought we

Matthias Miller  28:23
had, maybe it's a duplicate. And we have the deposit here. We have a, oh, he did already at it. Fine. Never mind me. I'm just overzealous dealer table, which we did.

Speaker 1  28:38
Yeah, we do want that. That should be all of our our dealer record. Great dealer records off of those

Matthias Miller  28:46
docs table. I mean, these are Uncategorized documents.

Speaker 1  28:50
Basically, it's just like there's nothing to them, right? How many letters are there? How many docs are there? 120 but maybe there's no information in them, just, it's just a table of them, right?

Matthias Miller  29:09
Well, I mean, that's the file name that you suck

Unknown Speaker  29:13
the file name off disk. Okay, so we did

Matthias Miller  29:16
the folder, yeah? I mean, it's right here, documents, docs right here.

Speaker 3  29:22
Oh yeah, yeah, no, no, we do want these. Okay, they're they're not 100% relevant, but they will be really good to actually go to take the docs you had and recreate them. We're gonna have to re up. We're gonna do massive up amounts of updates to them. But yes, we do want these.

Matthias Miller  29:38
So are you going to do you want to place? Who do you want to document storage? Or do you want to

Unknown Speaker  29:48
their letter templates? Is what they are.

Matthias Miller  29:51
So you would just, you just want to import them into there's no automatic migration. We'll just attach these as three documents.

Speaker 3  30:00
To, yeah, I think we put them somewhere that we can get to them, so that you can open up and you can copy and use the data that you built to go off and build the new templates.

Matthias Miller  30:11
Okay, so I think description, File Name, Email Subject, yeah, store is important. Store is important record number. I almost wonder if we could do a anyway. We'll figure that out later. You could almost put this on the almost migrate this over to the RTO company and have a list of put it on documents, on a documents list on the RTO company.

Unknown Speaker  30:41
Maybe. It's not the worst idea I've heard.

Matthias Miller  30:52
I mean, the biggest, biggest issue is, then you've got, you end up with a bajillion attachment somewhere on the account of that. You might not want to keep it round, but anyway, doesn't have to be solved immediately. SMS, text table,

Speaker 1  31:15
ah, this would be really nice to have, actually. I mean, for that matter, you could stomp it all into it, just a note of, of a of some sort. It's going

Matthias Miller  31:27
to be, probably easier to do it like, I mean, we'll suck it in like this, and then we can figure out what we want to do with it once. Yeah,

Speaker 3  31:33
it's going to be useful information when you go to build, rebuild your SMS messaging, yep.

Speaker 1  31:41
Oh, look at that. There's the employee tables. We

Matthias Miller  31:48
Okay, first name, last name. Might not need apartment. I don't know that this is relevant. The only we need it for time clocks

Unknown Speaker  31:57
in the future, time clock code, I

Matthias Miller  32:03
um, hired and released

Unknown Speaker  32:09
that we haven't really used that

Matthias Miller  32:13
employee number. You're going to need this one collecting username. We're going to need that for linking. We might need it to try to translate from abbreviations to full names, yeah. Oh, I love how we have what employee number. We have a rec number, which is who knows what in the world, it is updated past password. So I'm going to base 64 password, not a salesman. They're not a salesman. They don't have time clock like we're not going to say which what they are. We're just going to tell them they're not a salesman and not a time clock Anyway, whatever I

Matthias Miller  33:06
Okay, something like that. Oh, Sam, what is this? RTO, pro, IC. It's got a different prefix. What's IC? An IC inventory,

Matthias Miller  33:34
besides a shed lot in the middle of winter in Arkansas.

Speaker 1  33:38
I mean, date received is all like they're old. I wonder if it's like, oh, wait a minute, what?

Matthias Miller  33:58
Order, summary, status and management. Typically, I mean client, it looks so it's so sparse, I'd be inclined to ignore it, unless you have a reason to care.

Unknown Speaker  34:15
I am inclined to ignore it.

Matthias Miller  34:20
And then the ICI inventory is like a about the same thing.

Unknown Speaker  34:28
What is I see inventory control, probably,

Speaker 3  34:34
probably, I mean, I think we ought to suck it in, but I don't know that it's useful. I don't know what we're going to do. Like, this is what, what scares me, a little bit about, like, the osam and the IC inventory is like, somewhere along the top, along the line, we're going to be like, Oh yeah, we needed that table. Do we have it now? And we're going to what's going to, you know,

Matthias Miller  34:55
well, well, I mean, we'll have Sean code it again. We'll create imports where we'll start sucking it in. I don't know. It.

Speaker 1  35:01
Okay, then let's, let's, let's not, let's not get bogged down.

Matthias Miller  35:06
Okay, we need agents. We

Speaker 1  35:12
defines the with, defines the the tax type, which is not useful unless you go into RTO Pro and figure that what out that is, but that does correlate to a a depreciation method type.

Matthias Miller  35:28
Do we need it or not?

Speaker 3  35:32
I am inclined to say this is like a one time setup thing that you really should do as part of setup. It should not necessarily be sucked in as part of, okay? I mean, maybe it just means that we're going to have to, we're going to have to correlate between what that is, okay, those agents show up on, I want to say the product or inventory record somewhere, but it's very different from how we plan to do depreciation. So I'm not sure how you want to look at this.

Matthias Miller  36:08
I don't know enough about it, and I'm having a hard time caring at the moment, but I don't know yet if I should care.

Speaker 3  36:21
Um, we have the depreciation amounts on a per monthly basis, and so as long as we know on the on the inventory, have we done inventory already? Let's go back. Let's go find the inventory table. And on here should be stored what the agent is somewhere, yeah, as long as we have it on, as long as we have as part of the inventory table, go back to your your schema, and do we? Are we sucking that in? I uh,

Unknown Speaker  37:07
yep, okay, we're good. We don't need this table.

Matthias Miller  37:12
So we have the agent table, the zone table, Oh, these are like tags, Yeah,

Speaker 3  37:24
indeed they are. Now, the question is, Are we, are we sucking in? Okay, where did that usually show up? I want to say on the customer table. Do we have a customer table? What do we have for

Matthias Miller  37:43
Okay, here's the zone table. Contract has a no, there's a tax zone. Yeah, customer has a zone.

Unknown Speaker  37:50
Sweet, yes, then we do want, like, these are tags.

Matthias Miller  38:00
I don't know why we need employees email. That's just dumb. We don't need a whole update. We don't need county and state. Does that matter? Like does it auto apply somehow?

Unknown Speaker  38:22
I don't know. Oh, we can suck it in service.

Matthias Miller  38:35
Well, that looks interesting. Repairs, roof leak and broken lock, the latch.

Speaker 3  38:41
I think we want, we want this table. I just don't know how we're not using it obviously, but other people may. So I think we want the table.

Matthias Miller  38:59
Can customer first. Totally doesn't seem service status, date sent a return shop. Oh, my cow.

Speaker 1  39:13
We don't want ho updates, and we don't do we probably need the hokey, Yeah, but you're in the ss table now.

Unknown Speaker  39:21
Yeah, yeah, that's right, we did that table, yeah,

Matthias Miller  39:23
we did that one. All right. Ratings,

Unknown Speaker  39:29
yeah. This is also, like, a tag.

Matthias Miller  39:35
Great, great rating.

Speaker 3  39:37
There was, like, they used, there was two things on that were used like tags. There were zones, and I think you stomp this in as another tag, as long as as long as we are also storing this, as long as the the customer contract, something or other is also storing the rating they should be, they should be, those should be tags on the on.

Matthias Miller  40:00
Customer, okay, well, I have a feeling we'll have to do a full separate pass to say what, what gets translated and how states late table. State late this is the late fees break break down on the contract definition.

Speaker 1  40:25
Oh, no, cool. That's awesome. That's interesting. Is it useful? Maybe?

Matthias Miller  40:33
Well, only if we're going to migrate contract definitions, which to me sounds like a why wouldn't you just go do it?

Speaker 4  40:49
Useless, useless, okay,

Matthias Miller  40:58
recurrence, pattern, well, not used. Comments, inventory, what?

Unknown Speaker  41:13
Oh, my What the heck.

Speaker 1  41:21
How do we inventory? Hokey? I guess you stomp it in as a note on, on whatever.

Matthias Miller  41:27
Yeah, it's inventory like it's a fractional key.

Speaker 1  41:41
So we do want this. There was a comment section on the inventory record. Now actually go to the inventory table, and let's see is, is the is that hokey labeled there, or is it just, is it stomped in on the is there an inventory? Is there an inventory field for it?

Matthias Miller  42:09
Well, what I'm wondering is, what I'm

Speaker 1  42:13
wondering is, why was the comments field not just on the inventory record itself? Why was it in a totally different table. Yeah. Comment, what's the oh, man, I saw it.

Matthias Miller  42:27
Oh, you saw a comment. I did see

Unknown Speaker  42:29
go back to the top, go back to the headers, type in comment, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  42:38
right. There it was. I saw it again.

Matthias Miller  42:41
Dang it. Yeah, it's right here, serial number. So that whole table is useless. Well, I don't know it might be a, I mean, we don't know if it's, well, literally,

Speaker 3  42:51
there's just two, there's two inventory comments in this whole entire Oh, there's more than that.

Matthias Miller  42:57
So let's do this. So we

Speaker 3  43:07
don't even know what that table was for. There's already a comment section in the inventory. Why was there a secondary comment table?

Matthias Miller  43:20
And what is this secondary? I mean, what is this key? This key looks like the looks like it could be a customer or contract number.

Unknown Speaker  43:27
I really want to say it's useless.

Matthias Miller  43:35
I mean, we it could be any number, okay, okay, it's not real book, right? Okay, well, I'm fine saying it's useless and we can change our minds in the future.

Matthias Miller  43:53
Central Server.

Unknown Speaker  43:57
Okay, so this is how, yeah, this, this is useless.

Matthias Miller  44:00
Wait, this is store name and store title. You don't care about that. This store ID too.

Speaker 3  44:09
Well, okay, the store ID is interesting. I mean, because that's that defines the IDs in the system. I mean, if you want it for that, but I think we have that somewhere else as well. But this was the central server. Thing is how it interpreted when you in RTO Pro to know which company you're going to. So it's like, it's not really helpful. From our standpoint.

Matthias Miller  44:30
You don't need this to map from story D to a company, RTO company.

Speaker 3  44:35
I mean, I thought we did that somewhere else. I thought we had that information somewhere. If not, fine, then use it.

Matthias Miller  44:42
Ach, action, Central, servers, comments, contract, customer deposits, customers, dealer Dell, Dell discount, Docs, employees, EOD event. I mean, if anything, it would probably. Be,

Matthias Miller  45:06
I don't think, I don't think so, but it could be wrong.

Matthias Miller  45:18
Markup not used. Okay, none of the rest of these are these are just 1k files. Nothing down here is used unless you really care about digging deep in the weeds.

Speaker 1  45:33
See some Go, go. Let me see the fee table. Very last one.

Matthias Miller  45:41
This one state and the fee amount. The CC is the state fee.

Speaker 1  45:49
Interesting, comments, contract table, options, schedules, insurance reports.

Speaker 1  46:06
All right, come on. Oh, we did the IC inventory. So agent table, zone table, there were some of the, I mean, do we just need to open all these? I'm just make sure there's nothing in them. Just hit the markup table, the remote payment table, let's just hit some of these

Matthias Miller  46:21
so it's all it's all by file size. So unless there's super small headings, okay, no, no, hang on, we'll do the fast way. So where do you want to start? Well, we

Unknown Speaker  46:33
did central service and mark it down

Speaker 1  46:38
your poor MacBooks probably grunting,

Matthias Miller  46:42
it's actually my gaming server in the closet is literally, I'm pretty sure it's fine. Oh, there was one correct the to do, event death, the new event def, Which, yeah, they're empty, empty, empty, All right.

Matthias Miller  47:22
Okay, so well. I

Unknown Speaker  48:00
think

Matthias Miller  48:08
it's Something like This.

Unknown Speaker  48:20
Seth, staffed,

Unknown Speaker  49:58
here, let's do can we do?

Unknown Speaker  50:15
Of let's do this data.

Matthias Miller  50:28
So we have big int and little int,

Unknown Speaker  50:39
int types or numbers,

Matthias Miller  50:42
your decimals, bear care

Matthias Miller  50:54
and date here. Let's do this. Let's sort data,

Unknown Speaker  51:01
big, int blob subtype tags.

Matthias Miller  51:04
Where are we using this? I

Matthias Miller  51:18
don't think we should have any blobs

Speaker 4  51:21
side of that. Timestamp, fear, okay, arms,

Unknown Speaker  52:35
more of a

Matthias Miller  52:50
all the response. Some of these would be trans type, very likely a list, but I don't know that we care too much. Do we want

Matthias Miller  53:17
to go through meticulously clean up data types now, or do you want to do that later? It's not a huge shift later, but

Unknown Speaker  53:25
sorry one more time. Do you want

Matthias Miller  53:27
to go through and indicate things that are booleans instead of like and lists instead of strings? Or do we just want to leave that I mean,

Unknown Speaker  53:38
am I going to be much help for you,

Matthias Miller  53:42
not really, and I'm trying to decide where we

Speaker 1  53:44
want to talk about sales tax. I

Matthias Miller  54:20
actually,

Unknown Speaker  54:37
we want to, I don't think

Matthias Miller  54:40
we actually want to do this because it's going to make imports harder. So.

Matthias Miller  55:07
Okay, that's in his court now, Richard, probably it would be useful to actually,

Unknown Speaker  55:15
let's just do this.

Matthias Miller  55:29
Okay, sales tax, what do we want to talk about? Sales

Speaker 1  55:32
text, I don't know you sound like you had something that

Matthias Miller  55:38
you wanted to discuss about it. Where were

Unknown Speaker  55:41
we? Infinite stairway designer,

Matthias Miller  55:47
you're you have, oh yeah, my script, the Yeah, we have a, we have a we have a little module that lets us, let's, let's me, nobody else, use my brother and I, John Allen, use it. But that lets me build up mock up detail screens like without it's basically a no code or low code version of this stuff, and we can just mock up detailed screens and

Speaker 3  56:22
gotcha, it just cracked anyway. Named cracked me up, infinite stairway designer.

Matthias Miller  56:27
It's my brother's company named infinite stairway. I think he has like anyway, stairway.com or something after Jacob's letter.

Speaker 3  56:35
So what is it? Is he in development as well? Or is it, is he, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  56:39
This is, this is one of his projects. I pay him. I pay him a nominal fee every month so that he diversifies, diversifies his income, and can be considered a independent contractor in the state of California. So, fun times, he's a developer. Okay, so we can, we can. I can spare you the details of the that guy, the sales tax stuff. So basically, what you're proposing is that if we overcharge, we just pay it to the state. I mean, if you don't, if you don't have more on that, then we'll have to discuss it more. If you just want to run it like that, that's fine.

Speaker 3  57:22
I you would need to explain to me a process that and what it would look like, and is it, is it automated? Is it manual, in the event that a customer paid and the sales tax rate changed, and we should have charged them lesser amount, like, how would this work?

Matthias Miller  57:46
Well, that's where it gets. It gets inordinately complicated. I feel like to handle it. I think the only thing that could potentially happen is you raise a customer service issue, and you can't take any more payments on the account until they edit the historical period and rejigger where everything goes and save the payment again.

Unknown Speaker  58:04
That seems obnoxious.

Speaker 3  58:08
I mean, okay. I when I say it seems obnoxious, I mean that okay. If I was a company of 12,000 contracts, I suspect that the potential exists that you may have a number of customers inside of a tax zone that may be reduced, and the money that you may be talking about paying to the government may be significantly larger than what may be expected that you wouldn't necessarily need to pay. And in fact, you could, you know, pay that to the customer's account. It's going to have to be an elegant way of handling it. It doesn't need to be figured out until spring. For right now, we can just, if we collected too much money, we're going to, I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  58:54
say kind of Thank you very much. I mean, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  59:00
Yeah, we

Matthias Miller  59:04
talked about having a process whereby we add a add events to the history, RG, or to the events. RG, where you say, if you if you change a period tax rate, you might add a row for either company or customer paid tax,

Speaker 3  59:27
and use that, here's my gut feeling on this Matthias, is that we charge forward, we go to market with the idea that If a tax rate was to decrease after post payment, then one or two things you can either pay that money to the government or you end up with a slight surplus in your sales tax account.

Matthias Miller  59:53
Well, if, if somebody pre pays for three months, you.

Matthias Miller  1:00:01
I think the the answer is, we simply don't adjust the tax rates if anybody's made any prepayments on something or No, I mean, we don't. We don't adjust tax rates on anything that's,

Speaker 3  1:00:11
oh, that brings up a whole other question. Okay, so here's the question, then not true. Go ahead. If, if someone, let's say someone, pays three months worth of rent into the future. I'm assuming we're going to have them pay sales tax at the rate of today, right?

Matthias Miller  1:00:29
And so you could make an argument that they are incurring even though it's not true.

Speaker 3  1:00:37
Yeah, I don't know. But how does that work with with if they have paid for if they have paid for months that have not yet been incurred. How does accounting impact Look at that? Do we just magically, all sudden, just incur them or like? How does that work?

Matthias Miller  1:01:00
Well, technically, what a prepayment is from, okay, from a literal put your pointy haired accounting hat on. A prepayment is basically just making a deposit towards a future invoice. You really can't prepay. And so what should happen if you pay three months ahead is you say you can't call it a security deposit. It's almost like a separate holding account that's a that is a customer deposit. And anytime you anything becomes due, you apply the customer deposit against that amount, and then you completely eliminate the issue. Now, the weird thing is, if they have a penny left over, then you could get to the end of those three months and they could incur a late fee, because you're not current. Dude, like it's your problem. I

Speaker 3  1:02:13
these are questions nobody's had to ask themselves in rent to own company yet,

Matthias Miller  1:02:21
yeah, because they're stuck back in the 80s.

Speaker 3  1:02:23
Well, it's, you're stuck back in you can, you can do a whole lot of fudging when you are, when you're bringing money out of a management account, management software over into accounting software, and it's like, okay, I received $20,000 today. Thank you. That's revenue, that's, that's, barn payments. And we move on. Nobody cared about exactly, and it's like sales tax. Oh, well, we just, we're just gonna report on what was paid over there. And it's all basically, the management side runs as cash basis, and the and the accounting side probably runs as accrual basis, yeah. So now, now you're going to force everybody into thinking about this as, okay, so how are you going to think about this? And I here's what I'm a little bit afraid of Matthias, is that we're going to get to this point and onboard the first customer, they're going to look at me blank looks and going, I don't know. What do you mean? I have to figure out when. When do I have to work? Do I pay my sales tax to the government now? Or do I pay it, you know, when it's incurred, I don't know what's the what do other people do?

Matthias Miller  1:03:28
Well, I think that's like you have two options. Do you want to just keep doing what you're doing now? Or do you want to talk to your accountant? Because that's not our

Speaker 3  1:03:36
problem, but, but here's, here's the issue is that we're going to run this, we're going to run this risk of people ending up with essentially doing a whole bunch of cash based accounting, and then they're saying their their accounting side is accrual, and if there's, there's going to be mixed Max methods going on,

Matthias Miller  1:03:57
okay, but we don't care whether your Sales tax is cash or accrual versus your accounting?

Speaker 3  1:04:04
Well, we we okay, but in if someone pays three months ahead in accrual accounting, you just said, we really ought to dump this into some kind of account. Everybody, everybody that I'm going to onboard is going to go like, No, I just want to pay the sales tax and be done with it. They paid the money. I want to pay the sales tax.

Matthias Miller  1:04:24
Well, in that case, then we calculate tax on customer deposits at the time of customer deposit. So we still have maintained an account of customer deposits, we just convert it from an accrual basis back into a cash basis and charge the rate as of the customer time of customer deposit.

Matthias Miller  1:04:51
I don't care whether you are calling it like can we. Uh, can we make accrual be the source of truth and just adapt it back to cash basis as as we need to, because that's how everybody wants to think about it. Sure, but accept your receipts and invoices. They're going to want to be able to say,

Speaker 3  1:05:22
okay, but, but back to the scenario where someone pays ahead in their rent. I really don't like the idea that you, that you're going to potentially hold that in some sort of holding account. That's a great way to get in trouble with Indiana if we ever audited.

Matthias Miller  1:05:36
But can you so then? But, but how? But are you allowed to take are they? Are they legally now I'm getting really myself into deep water. Are Are they allowed to prepay that far in advance? Sure. So effectively what we're saying

Speaker 3  1:05:54
it has to be applied. It has to be applied to the contract balance like any other rent do.

Matthias Miller  1:06:02
Hmm, okay. So basically, what we're saying is that when you pre, when you when you future pay, you should never actually future pay. It should all be dated on the like, if anything you should, you should if you pay more than the next payment date? Well, maybe we do this already. It's almost like you should incur whatever amount of rent you need today to make the surplus payment so you can charge sales tax today and you never have any possibility of there is no prepayment. You just incur the charge immediately as of current sales tax rate. And so when sales tax rates change, you're incurring the future rent. Yes, you're immediately incurring future rent. If you're I,

Speaker 3  1:06:56
that would be my instinctual response to this whole thing. As long as we can do that.

Matthias Miller  1:07:03
Seth, the answer to our sales tax problem. So always immediately incur rent when prepaying. So we never have payments for future due rent. Let's chat. I think that's, I think that's because that is, I mean, that then is effectively what you're saying. If this is true, the Indian, Indian effective, let's do that. You're basically saying, I am incurring a rental charge for this amount. I mean, there's presumably, if you really wanted to be a stickler about it, you could say that you say that that no again, forgive me for being so anal, but you could say, if you're making a prepayment, this is considered, well, actually, never mind. It doesn't matter.

Speaker 3  1:07:56
There's going to be some smart Mennonite guy who's going to go, Wait a minute. So you're telling me on all prepaid rent, all rent that's paid into the future that I technically am not liable for, that sales tax and to the point of that incurred month? Yes, that's correct. So basically, I have money that I'm going to eventually pay to the government that I could invest into buying another building. Now, yes, that's correct.

Matthias Miller  1:08:20
So the answer is, would you like us to code support for tracking these payments as customer deposits, with the possibility of incurring late charges when the sales tax increases during that three month period? Yes or No, I don't. I

Speaker 3  1:08:31
don't. I don't think it's that way. I think it's more about when you go to pay sales tax. We should have options to say this was incurred for a future timeframe. Do you want to include it and pay it now or or hold it until the point of actual needing to pay?

Matthias Miller  1:08:46
But if you're doing cash, you can't, like, why? Okay, so you have three options, cash accrual and cash accrual, slush hybrid, slush hybrid, something hybrid, like you just told me you want to pay it based on when you get the cash. Just be grateful you got more cash to put invest in your buildings. And who cares about the 7% you missed that you can't at least you got the 93% or whatever it ends up being,

Speaker 1  1:09:19
yeah, but you know, you know how copper wire was invented, right?

Matthias Miller  1:09:25
Yeah, you also know the eighth quandary around free beer.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:38
It is the best way to confuse a Mennonite.

Matthias Miller  1:09:40
It is. I love. Have you? Have you heard the open source version of that? So you're you're familiar, there's two kinds of open source, free as in, free as in free speech, and free as in free beer. No, I've not heard this. Okay, so I mean free as in free beer is like. You can have it for free, but, but you don't see what's in it. But free isn't free speech. It's like, okay, everything has to be completely open. You have to see everything. Well, what happens when you publish a beer recipe that's that's open source. It's that free speech as in, free for free. Free isn't free beer. Free isn't free speech. Or is it free beer as in free speech? Or is it free? Beer isn't free anyway, whatever. Okay, I think, I mean, I don't know how to answer that question, except

Speaker 3  1:10:28
it's not, it's not a question we have to answer. Essentially, an individual that get that wisens Up to this, to the fact of what we're doing here, can say, look, I want my sales tax reporting when I go to pay my sales tax, I want to be able to say, Okay, this one, this sales tax, technically, is not due until December the first, or, sorry, till January the first, because a customer prepaid. So I want to hold that, and I don't want to immediately pay that to the government. And it's really just a reporting question. It's about how you go about paying your sales tax. So you would, you would, you would essentially pay, you know, 90, you know, whatever that amount, those amounts are, you would pay what you owe to the government, but that amount, you'd hold back and do whatever you jolly well want to with it as extra capital.

Matthias Miller  1:11:12
So if you do the biggest thing we need is if you do accrual based, excuse me, if you do accrual based tax reporting, then when we hit accounting impact, we need to account for prepayments that were underpaid. Well, wait, how does this fix the over underpayment overpayment problem? We're saying it there is none, because it just you incurred it on the day of payment.

Speaker 3  1:11:48
Okay, it doesn't completely, it doesn't completely fix the overpayment underpayment problem, because we're going to incur the month, and the potential exists that we paid a month that we incurred, but at the point, at some point in the future that sales tax rate changed, and we should have incurred it at a different rate. It doesn't 100% fix it. But what it what it does say is that, to me, this, this feels like when you go, when you go to balance your your sales tax liability account and pay it out, and you go to the the State's website and pay all your sales tax based on the sales tax reporting, there are going to be times when you may have an over or under you may have you may have a positive or negative amount sitting in that account because you didn't collect enough, or you didn't pay it, or you you paid less than what you actually had there, Right? And it's like, okay, at that point, I think what most companies are going to do, they're like, I don't want to take the time to go figure out who did I who this was for. And so it ends up like, you're gonna have to journal entry that the dollar values at some point and get rid of on the account. Well, we can

Matthias Miller  1:13:00
handle it pretty seamlessly on our end. The other thought that we had, by the way, is that if somebody switches from sales tax cash versus sales tax, accrual by accrual, that the first month that they run it, I mean, we'll just, we'll recalculate what they owe based on a on the current basis, versus what they paid. So they might have a the weirdest thing is, with address changes and stuff like that, there might be a month where things kind of rejigger in a funny way, or a single period, and it switches over to the new method, and you claim credits on on cash payment received, not incurred, which wouldn't happen, or, you know, payments, whatever

Speaker 3  1:13:44
there are, there are, there are two things that we are going to spend time in in the future. I about promise you, it's around two things, depreciation and sales tax. Like, we're going to, we're going to deploy the software, and somebody's going to call me up and go, I don't understand what I'm looking at here. And so then we're going to deep dive, like, Okay, so let's, let's, let's, you know, make this a little bit more transparent. And then we're like this, these two areas are kind of like

Unknown Speaker  1:14:12
work like, there, there's,

Speaker 3  1:14:15
there's repeated tasks that happen in RTO, depreciation is repeated task and sales tax is repeated path or task. And those, those, those things are going to get looked at a lot. No, we're not going to, I don't think we're going to get this one right the first time around. It's going to take some iterations to really get this thing to where it's a smooth oil fancy schmancy machine.

Speaker 1  1:14:39
So you know

Speaker 3  1:14:43
what I'm trying to say. I'm trying to say, we're going to take our best stab at this and and iterate.

Matthias Miller  1:14:48
I think this is good for us to drive forward on. Yeah, I like it. I'm happy. Makes me happy.

Speaker 3  1:14:55
And at some point, probably somebody's gonna be like, well, we want to go really have a way to, you know. The sales tax rate changed. I got 20,000 contracts, and this sales tax rate changed, and 300 of my contracts. I've now got too much money in this account. We really should give it back to the customer. We go, Okay, we'll go figure it out.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:13
Yep, all right,

Speaker 3  1:15:20
good. And by the way, you really, you really should take all of these transcripts of these conversations and start some sort of, some sort of AI that we can query it. Did we ever talk about

Matthias Miller  1:15:33
positive or negative? I know. I just wish this would be I need to write a script that cross references it with my calendar events. It can organize it appropriately, but yeah, that would be that'd be awesome.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:52
All right, you good.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:56
All right, we are all out for the rest. Are you out tomorrow? I am you're out tomorrow. So the rest of this week is toasted. So what are we doing next week?

Speaker 1  1:16:17
Next week is, oh, wait, let me Let's go. Let me ask a quick question. How much more time do I have here before you'd like throw me out the door. Let me see where we're at. I have we expected 230 15 to 20

Unknown Speaker  1:16:32
minutes. So this

Speaker 3  1:16:36
the infinite staircase designer. I don't know what else to call this thing. Yep. So how do you expect this thing to work? Is this something that's going to that's going to sit on the server? Are we going to upload backups? How is this going to work?

Matthias Miller  1:16:54
Wait, you mean the RTO pro export? Yeah, we are going to have a script. Well, I don't know how you want to do it. It's going to be a Python script. Well, for you, it's going to be something that runs on the server. I assume it just runs every night and pushes everything in via a series of

Speaker 3  1:17:19
that's kind of what I wanted to figure out. So at some point, we may need to think through the fact that,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:31
well, we'll cross we'll cross that bridge when we get there.

Speaker 1  1:17:39
We had to figure out how to identify, making sure that we're identifying the correct data folder in the future. Because I I'm still not 100% sure how, with the with the central server, how it combines up the databases. It's a little bit unclear.

Matthias Miller  1:17:57
It's all in one database, so we might end up needing to put filters in to say, only suck this store into this, or push the script. Might have to say, I don't know how it works. Only suck this store out of this. I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:22
Well, no, I mean,

Speaker 3  1:18:24
if you're saying it's all inside of one database, I You're probably right. I just don't like when we went away from single instances of RTO protein to a central server, it got confusing on the data files. It was always really, really clear before. And because the problem is, there's, there is data folders from old companies in there, and I'm assuming they're old companies, and so I don't know, we're just probably look at through a couple of these to make sure that we've got the correct stuff and when things are working the way they're supposed to be.

Matthias Miller  1:18:57
I think, I think most of this stuff is so framework and automated that I think we have enough of the structure in place that we go suck a bunch of data out and stick it in the system, and it's not complicated to rejigger if we need to rejigger,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:16
and it starts shaking And smoking and and puffing steam and,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:20
yep, all right,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:24
yeah, sometime Tuesday,

Matthias Miller  1:19:29
probably gracious, I know, not Tuesday, unlikely, Monday. I think we should probably Wednesday, yeah, probably one on Wednesday, not unless you want to take the not unless you want to do two sessions. On Thursday, like, 1115 to, like, drop off the Cisco and take a 15 minute break and hit it again.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:16
I'm not opposed to that.

Matthias Miller  1:20:17
Okay, it'd be better for me. Okay, I'm okay, you like 45

Unknown Speaker  1:20:35
Wait,

Matthias Miller  1:20:41
All right, awesome. Thank you, sir, well you. You have a wonderful Thanksgiving. You too. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai