Unknown Speaker  00:34
Hello, hello,

Matthias Miller  00:36
hello, Audrey, I'm making you host Perfect. Thank you. All right, yeah, you bet you Hi,

Speaker 1  00:42
Audra, Hello. How's it going? Good? You're a little quiet. Can y'all hear me? Okay,

Speaker 2  00:52
yeah, I can hear you. My microphone probably needs to be replaced. I need to get on that. Alright,

Speaker 1  00:56
I got it, okay, alright. Well, I'm wearing like, 17 hats these days, and I think I'm starting to skip beats, but I'm pretty sure that this call Matthias correct me if I'm wrong. But the idea was that we were going to talk about Audra, and I continuing some of the SMS activity. And I think you wanted to put boundary lines or limits on Audrey's participation in that

Matthias Miller  01:26
I wanted them to be defined, yes, and

Speaker 1  01:30
I probably server simplified that or something, but like, that's as much as I can remember right now. So,

Matthias Miller  01:38
and I mean, I think, broadly speaking, what I was thinking is that Audra knows well enough what our quarterly objectives are that I'm pretty comfortable with her. I mean, my suggestion would be coming up with some basic guidelines and and prioritizing this in light of everything else that's going on, and checking in with me when cases where it seems like it should be reprioritized, and probably my biggest, my biggest, I mean, the worst case scenario would be there's some kind of Major time suck, which I don't really anticipate that happening, but, and then also just ways to get feedback loops in appropriate doses, not enough to or, you know, not so much that I want to go get my hands dirty and get too involved, but at least, Like, have some awareness of what's happening.

Speaker 1  02:40
Yep. Yeah, okay. And I'm sure there's better ways to do this, but like, as a real easy rule of thumb, do you want to say that, like, for example, audit should not spend more than four hours a week on this or, like, is there something that we can just latch on to that makes life fine,

Matthias Miller  03:06
yeah, I mean, pragmatically. I think the way I would, the way I view it more more than amount of time spent, I'm more concerned that that other critical projects don't get derailed, for example, not to bore you too much, Jonathan, but I have a webinar coming up with Perry. We're planning to release a book with my content. I know that releasing a book is a little bit of a long game thing, but I also think it's a fantastic way to fantastic lead magnet and and I think if and with AI, we're able to generate a great draft very quickly. And so that is a project I would really like to see not be derailed. And so I think of it personally, more in terms of, let's not jeopardize other opportunities more than specific number of hours. And pragmatically, I can't imagine that that Audra, you're going to have more than four hours a week to devote to it, unless some big, dramatic changes, I

Speaker 2  04:23
certainly not in the next two weeks. I would say until April 7, you and I are pretty booked out, and so I guess one of my my primary goal for this conversation was to understand from both you and Jonathan where you're at with the SMS prospecting. It's my understanding that the mica project is a higher priority anyway, right now, and so for both of you, I think, and then just kind of maybe sketching out how we can what we want to accomplish this quarter again, you know, loop viewed in Jonathan on, on, what that conversation would be if we're doing SMS prospects, prospecting, what would you like to say? Accomplish this quarter. How can we work backwards from that? And I'm guessing, pragmatically, April 7 is going to be like, a decent start time to, like, hit the ground running in any any real effort, but we could do some planning and some preparation and get going on that side of it now, is what I was thinking.

Speaker 1  05:18
Okay, thanks for bringing up the mica thing. It at the risk of sounding like I don't care, and I assure you, I care a lot. I am having a little I'm talking to y'all and other people trying to get some business going. And I keep dropping little things I had almost forgotten about. Micah, even though it's totally important and I'm totally involved, involved. What's the word interested? Yeah, thank you. Please do I'm I? Part of the reason I keep forgetting it is because, like, that's 100% in y'all hands right now. I don't know Mike, nothing I can do. But once Mike is ready to go and it's time to start working, please ring my bell and I'll be there. So remember, and you're right, that's higher priority than the SMS thing. The SMS thing. Is there anything else that needs to be said about Micah Matthias? I don't think so. Like otter knows. I don't know, and I don't need to know at this stage.

Matthias Miller  06:15
Okay, no, not, not about Micah. The thing I would interject is that Audrey can also help manage priorities, of what your where our priorities lie, and just in terms of, you know, Jeremy's leads, Micah and help you keep your head screwed on straight. So that's what she does for me. She can help you with that this season of life. I

Speaker 1  06:38
did not used to be that guy, but right now I could use some help keeping my head screwed on straight.

Unknown Speaker  06:47
Everybody needs somebody sometimes, man.

Speaker 1  06:51
And that's a great point. And and Burton is, is I've got it open on my computer, and it's a high priority. I'll be doing that today. Um, back to Micah. So as far as I know, basically the short term plan is, is like, once we have the info, the access, the training, whatever we're going to call it, I'm going to start actually working the leads there on his Facebook page, Facebook marketplace, in the evenings, probably multiple times a week. You and I can work out the schedule. I know for sure. I've never available on Wednesday evenings, but just about any other day besides that, it's probably fine, okay, I think five to nine or something like that. I can't quite remember, but that that should work fine for me. Okay, that sounds good. And yeah, that, I think Matthias knows very well I'm not good at sales, but, like, I'm actually game to try this and try to get the hang of what it takes to close somebody over a DM or something. So okay, that's great, and then shifting gears from Micah over to SMS. So I know Matthias has more than this, but here's my short my tiny little box of what I'm thinking and looking for. So we, already, weeks ago, started this project where we were finding companies, shed, companies, dealers, I think, is what Matthias called most of them. We were texting them out of the blue, seeing if they were interested in and then that became kind of open ended, interested in what. And we had to put that thing the kind of open ended, find out what they need, and then serve them project. It's just Matthias can't handle that right now. And I don't even say also I can't handle it either, but and Audra, I'd be happy to tell you tons about this, if you want. But short version, we have landed a pawn, a way to run Facebook ads successfully that generates leads for with Facebook ads for these shed dealers. And it's like there's still time for something to go wrong, but it's become a been repeatable process at this point, which is kind of the holy grail for me. I've been looking for that for years, and so now that we have, it's sort of, you know, the analogy about the goose that laid the golden age, yeah, finally found the goose, and now that I won, I want to take this to more dealers and basically say, like, you interested, we got it, it. We got it. That is a very small portion of everything that Matthias could do for them, but could be offering unavailable. And I can do this with that and like, let's just focus on that one thing. Um, I like it. Think I might be oversimplifying it, but I think it's as simple as going back around and some of the contacts we already have and literally saying, like, Could your business handle more leads? And if they say yes, then, like, we can help you with that. And and then literally straight to the classic, when can we get on a call with you? The. Yeah, Matthias. Just jump in and correct me if I'm off course here. But the idea, then, was that before they jump onto a call with Matthias, they'll jump onto a call with you, Audra, and you can, I think this is yet to be defined, but you can act like a qualifier pre frame preset. In the big business world. They call this like turning them into a sales qualified lead and actually booking a call with the expert, Matthias, who will do the sales, and then I'll do the delivery a couple things. The goal is to only get Matthias on the phone with people who are quite qualified, interested and ready to go. So no beating around the bush, right? And not to give him too many questions, info, data, that is going to distract him, because he likes to think about these things once we present them to him, right, exactly. Let's do that. So, yeah, that's it in a nutshell. And now, before we start, Matthias had some reservations about so this is some of the numbers that are already in GHL. He wants to not bother some of them with, kind of like, the new offer, so to speak, the new message. And so he was going to tell you the criteria for, like, looking quickly back through the conversations and identifying those people that we do not want to bother. I was going to suggest that you take a pass at that first tag them. Show you how to tag if, by chance you don't know. In GHL, if there is any that like you really don't know and and it's possibly worth bothering Matthias, then you can tag them as like Matthias, check right or something where he can easily get in there, keep his eyes shut to everything he doesn't need to see, and go look at just the ones that you've tagged as. Okay, only Matthias can make this decision. And Matthias side note, unless that turns out to be an enormous amount of them. I would say that for now, if it's questionable, let's not even bring it to you. There should be plenty of others to text without you taking time before April 7 to decide whether or not we can text them like why do that? So

Speaker 2  12:19
how many leads. Do you think we're talking about just right off the bat? We

Speaker 1  12:23
have, like, it's been a little while since I looked but we currently have like, 400 or so in total. Am I right about that? It's

Matthias Miller  12:31
probably something like that. We have about 100 opportunities or something, or I don't even really know for sure how many. Okay,

Speaker 1  12:38
I'm guessing we're going to discard a big old handful, a few dozen. We all know that 60% or so are going to completely ignore our message and not even reply. So we're probably going to have interactions with a couple 100. And you know, you know, the fall off, 30% of those will be interested in having a discussion. Who knows? I don't dozens, but I don't think we're burning up a huge amount of phone hours or something at this point. Sure. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  13:10
that makes sense. So basically,

Speaker 1  13:11
do it all on a day like we can. We can try messaging 30 or 50 of them on the first day and see what the response rate actually is. Yeah,

Speaker 2  13:19
yeah. Yeah, that's fair. Well, in that 30 to 50, if there's 400 total, you would it make sense to try to get through all of them, whatever our number is going to be, try to get through all of those in the first week for like, the first messaging sequence, one of my first questions is, is there going to be a sequence? I mean, is it going to be the Could your business handle more leads? And if they don't reply, they don't reply, period, no follow up. Or am I going to have a follow up sequence?

Speaker 1  13:47
Matthias, is there any reason not to automate the bump sequence and do like two bumps and then we're done, which I think is what we did before, if I'm not mistaken.

Matthias Miller  13:58
Well, if you're asking me my opinion, as long as we're not repeating prior bump sequences where it sounds very repetitive,

Unknown Speaker  14:11
right, right,

Speaker 2  14:12
recreate something that's specific to this particular offer, guess. Okay,

Matthias Miller  14:17
yeah, go ahead, yeah, that's not copy pasted. That's

Speaker 2  14:21
automated. So once I make the first message that's going to automate itself, and if we don't hear back that, it'll just get into the part of the pipeline of No, no written message, something like that. And

Speaker 1  14:33
if they don't answer, I have zero intention of trying again a second time, or giving you say they've got submit. Can you handle more leads? That's that's pretty much yes, no,

Speaker 2  14:44
right, right, exactly, yep. Okay.

Speaker 1  14:47
And if they just don't care, then I'm not going to help point. I I

Speaker 2  14:52
like that. So assuming they do respond, I need to understand what, what a qualified lead actually means. So I need the list of. Qualifications, whatever that is, so I can figure it out,

Unknown Speaker  15:05
indeed. And over to you, Zayas,

Matthias Miller  15:08
so they they need to have capacity to spend $1,500 a month in budget total, all in

Matthias Miller  15:22
and I mean, I don't know,

Speaker 2  15:27
do you need them well, I mean, what's going to tell you that this person, when, if I bump them to you, because they have $1,500 a month budget, what are the landmines like? What? What's going to potentially

Matthias Miller  15:46
they, I mean, it's a bonus if they have a Facebook page, I guess, Jonathan, that's up to you how, how important that, or how much of a deal breaker that is. Ah,

Speaker 2  16:08
uh, what about confident, confidence in us? I mean, is there anything that or like they already know that they want Facebook ads, not just that they have budget, but they already know that they want to run ads with their budget. Or how much of how much sales are you willing to do? On that side, 90%

Matthias Miller  16:21
of them have had, I saw a call earlier today with Perry, and he was talking about sales trauma, marketing trauma and seminar trauma, yeah, and all of these guys have marketing trauma. So yeah, you're going to have a high degree of skepticism, yep. And so there has to be, I guess, Jonathan, What? What? Are there any conditions that would make you be unwilling to run a case study offer for these people? That's a fairly good litmus test.

Speaker 1  16:56
There is, but I'm asleep and can't think of them, I'll know. I'm going to hit me in the face, and I'm going to say that was painfully obvious, but I mean, basically, let me, let me try to imagine this quickly. So first of all, they need to actually be hungry for leads. If they don't want leads, we are not twist their arm into it. This is not like a super deal. And I really think you're going to believe in it after you've seen it. I just can't they've got to be wanting leads. So so help me. Matthias, what would be a case where some crazy person would want leads and then be unable to use them? Because the worst thing that happens then is these leads are trash. They didn't close. Okay? We know they're not trash. We also know that they need work. So somebody with a very I don't know how otter would turn this into questions, but somebody with low energy, bad work ethic, a real inability to handle leads and a poor close rate, can't possibly be a good fit for that Matthias, do you agree?

Matthias Miller  18:01
Well, okay, so the way I would approach it then in that case is, why do you need leads? And I think that the answer to that, which I can't nail down specifically yet, but the answer to that is going to reveal something about their mindset and their work ethic.

Speaker 2  18:15
Sure. Well, let me approach it from the number side, having done some SDR, before, like, just from my, my point of view, I'm the dumbest person in the world. What's the close rate got to be to be willing to talk to this person anymore,

Matthias Miller  18:32
for their close rate, their close

Speaker 2  18:33
rate? Yeah. I mean, if someone says, Yes, I want leads, but my close rate is only X percent, and I don't know, you know, and like, I feel like you figured this out. Do I just automatically disqualify a person? Oh, it's just not closing. You know? I would

Matthias Miller  18:47
think if they can't close, more than one out of every four person showing up on the lot to have a conversation with them. We have a real problem.

Speaker 2  18:54
That's true, but Facebook ad isn't an on on lot, right? But

Matthias Miller  18:59
they haven't had Facebook ads before, or they may, or it hasn't worked. So okay, I don't think they know what the close rate is. And I don't think most of them know what their close rate actually is.

Speaker 2  19:08
Okay, so there's not really a number I can shoot for here. Well, I mean, it could

Matthias Miller  19:11
be, how many people have you come into your lot? Or how many people come in come into your lot in a day or a week? You ask them, you figure it out for them, sure, and then, and then, how many, how many sales did you have this month? How many sales you have last

Speaker 2  19:25
month? Okay, that's fair. That's basic math. I can do that. It's basic

Matthias Miller  19:29
math. I think they'll be easier than saying most, most of them don't track clothes, right? They'll

Speaker 1  19:35
be able to guess. And so what's the we're going to basically, we're going to infer how good they are with Facebook leads based on how good they say they are with walk ins, whatever we call that, people showing up on the lot and so Matthias, what is the number or people who show up on the location? What is the number that is so low that indicates that they are. A terrible salesman. Are not going to be able to close Facebook leads?

Matthias Miller  20:03
Well, typically, I mean, I would, I would think that one out of four is on the bottom

Speaker 2  20:10
end, is on the bottom end, okay. I mean, maybe we can get away

Matthias Miller  20:13
with one out of five, but that's these are in person.

Speaker 2  20:16
Okay, so let's say can't get much. One out of five isn't going to be good enough. I mean, that's going to say systemic issues that aren't going to make us successful here. How about that, right? Okay, how about sales capacity? I mean, getting on the phone and you've got one overworked sales guy who wants more leads, but ultimately might not have the time to close them

Matthias Miller  20:37
well. I mean, just ask them, how many hours we've gotten today. I mean, I don't know.

Speaker 2  20:41
Okay, well, this is for you. Matthias, ultimately, right? Like we're trying to kick up leads to you that are going to close. And so this, it's just about, who do you not want to talk to? And I know you want to talk to everybody. So it's a hard question to answer. Trust is

Matthias Miller  20:58
going to be the biggest barrier. Okay, honestly, like, do they believe that we can deliver, and are they getting to try? I don't know how to gage that.

Speaker 2  21:08
Okay. So, so our outcome here is Jonathan's really just delivering Facebook leads, and this is our capsule. So whether or not they can close them, whether or not they're successful, we want them to be. It's not really our success, though, that that depends on what we're really looking at is we can deliver these leads.

Speaker 1  21:25
That's true, and it makes it the whole situation pretty easy, because I know, or I'm right on the threshold of knowing with certainty. I guess it depends on what number makes certainty right. But I know that this can be done and can be done repeatedly in multiple locations in the United States, like, we verified the system, the only thing so so, like, let me try to be real clear about this. There are cases where we would be having this conversation where we would say they have got to be able to close or we're going to fail. And that's here, we are not going to fail, even if they can't close. But then, little more sophisticated, it's just going to reflect that on everybody and waste time and cause frustration. If we're working with people they can't close our good leads. And so we're just trying

Matthias Miller  22:19
to make ice Yes, yeah. So something else that I would, I would add to that is, obviously they need, need leads because they're slow, right? So the obvious follow up question is, why are you slow? And if, if the if the only issue is, I mean, I you hear answers like, oh, well, I used to run Facebook marketplace, and I haven't really pushed it in a while. I mean, I just need traffic. Like I did really good, but I just need traffic. Well, that's it. That's a green light. Um, if they say something, should they say anything about elections and economy and anything like that, that's a red flag. Okay,

Speaker 1  23:14
I'm just curious like because they're the kind of person that that thinks it's all the rest of the world's problem with low

Speaker 2  23:22
personal accountability. Yes, yeah, okay, yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:26
I would say so low personal accountability. And also just, I mean, I don't know, like they're obviously a news junkie, yeah? And I don't know how to, how to get their head in the game. I would also, I think the other thing I would add is just warn them and say, Look, we can give you leads. We're confident. We're the money behind it. The thing that's going to turn this into money is you picking up the phone and calling them and not scared to call them. And it's not bothering them. It's helping them, because they're busy and they need help. And if they say, like, we had this prospect early on, Holly, Jonathan, I don't know if you remember her, but and that was part of her problem, it's like, that's bothering like, I don't think you should. Like, people will come to me if they want to buy Well, you can't have that mindset with this. And so if they're, I don't care if they're, I don't know if they've never thought about it or whatever, but if they're opposed to it, like, let's not

Speaker 2  24:31
okay. So how about this? Number one qualification, they have to be hungry for leads. Number two, working leads excites them because they know it's going to turn into cash. Number three, they have $1,500 a month budget for leads. They're willing to spend. Number four, they're willing to get on a call with me in the first place and talk, and number five is when we talk, I get a good vibe that it's a fit, and they're over a one out of five. Close rate in person. Then I bump it to Matthias, yep. Okay. I like that as an initial list. I think it's going to work. Can I only, only clarification in the SMS sequence that we're going to build, which happens as an action item, we're obviously going to say something like, you know, could your business handle more leads? That's great. Can the follow up in SMS, before they get on the phone with me, also be like, Well, are you excited to work more leads? Do you know that's going to turn into money for you? If so, can you book a call with me so that that's a pre call before I even talk to them? I think so. Okay. I like it. I like it too. I think it's it saves my time, probably, yeah, okay, yep.

Matthias Miller  25:37
I like it. It also makes them make a little bit of a hidden promise. I mean implicit promise. Yeah, you're getting on the call, they make an implicit promise that they're excited you're going to do it. Yeah,

Speaker 2  25:46
exactly as long as we can give them something they want to invest in, they should be excited for it. Theoretically, yep.

Speaker 1  25:54
And then here's something unique. In a lot of other cases, we would not want to work with someone who's desperate, but, like, we're so confident with this system, that's a desperate person who, like, wants to get a move on. Now is actually a good fit, as long as they are willing to do their half of the work, pick up the phone and whatever, right? Like in other cases, desperation will be a disqualifier, but not in this case,

Speaker 2  26:20
yeah, that makes sense. So a desperate person who needs the money, but who sounds like they have a good work ethic and really wants to get on it is somebody that we talk to. Okay, yeah, I like it. So my, I'm building this as we go. My first point of or my the first action item is we need to sort in GHL, who we're talking to. Next Action item is we need to make the SMS sequence. That's the initial contact. I have my lead qualification. Let's see what else. And then I guess I just kind of at that point, we just sort of need to just kind of an expectation on timelines. And when all this stuff can get done, how we get it done? How do I know in GHL which ones we're going to contact and which ones we're not? First of all, are these in the shed builder GHL pipeline?

Matthias Miller  27:14
Yes. Okay. Shed Titans, yeah.

Speaker 2  27:17
Titans, yeah, okay. Do we need to add any additional pipeline categories to this particular part of the project? Would that make sense? I mean,

Matthias Miller  27:31
if you wanted to, I'll bet you. I'll bet you, most of the people, yeah, go ahead. I

Speaker 2  27:37
was gonna say, Can I, I don't remember. In GHL, can I create a new pipeline for the same set of contacts for this project? Or I'd have to look, I guess. Does that make a chance you

Matthias Miller  27:48
can, but I would rather

Unknown Speaker  27:51
add some categories to the end. Add some categories.

Matthias Miller  27:53
No to the beginning. Oh, to the beginning. Sure. Yeah, to prospecting.

Speaker 2  27:58
Okay. Prospecting stages, right? Prospecting follow up for ads or something like that, right? Makes sense? Yeah, okay, and I identify them. How?

Matthias Miller  28:12
Some of them further off, on the off to the right, the more, the further down the pipeline they are. Well, I guess that doesn't even completely compute.

Speaker 2  28:32
Let me see if I do you. GHL here, while we're talking, I'm not looking at it.

Speaker 1  28:38
Okay. Well, I think I can help. Was there anybody where the conversation was going so well that this offer is going to, like, put a roadblock or damage the good thing that was in progress because they were about to buy a discovery call, or they were about to sign up for sales training, or, or some or, or X ray or something, was there anybody like it was so good. Touch them. Yes. And are those in a clear pipeline stage

Matthias Miller  29:11
justice with, I don't remember, and Ethan from, I don't remember, okay, and they probably have, I know there's contacts, and you can find the opportunity from there, yeah, and they should all have late stage. Urban would be another guy to skip. There were some people I emailed about a Facebook marketplace accelerator, you could probably go into conversations and filter by email sent, and just look see if it makes sense.

Speaker 2  29:53
Filter by email sent, look to see if it's. So I'm getting, we're not touching people that are pretty qualified for different offer and might close on that. And well, especially the higher, especially the higher the pipeline, yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  30:13
especially, especially the higher, like a discovery type engagement, okay, I don't want to, which I mentioned all those. So, I mean, I think, okay, most of them, Adrian Hershberger, would be another person that

Unknown Speaker  30:32
Adrian, well, I'm writing it all down.

Matthias Miller  30:36
Well, one thing you could do is filter down by

Speaker 2  30:42
what's see justice. It's looking kind of here.

Unknown Speaker  30:50
So how

Speaker 2  30:51
do you how confident are you in your if I just look at the pipeline, it's not going to help me all that much. I'm guessing I need to go through the contacts and kind of get a sense of where you were at with them, and then tag them as either yes, no, or you have to decide that where we're at, yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:08
So my genius idea, and if this waits until April 7, we I might come up for air and have room for it. But my genius idea was, go export everything, yeah, and come up with an, with a, with a with a prompt with our criteria, or at least a summary, or at least write automation to take call transcripts and create summaries and drop them into notes. Any one of those, which would be a tremendous time saver, and you could just scan and know what we talked about on the call. Okay? It would be,

Speaker 2  31:52
is that I wouldn't know how to do that, would I?

Matthias Miller  31:55
But then it all lands back in my lap, which is what we were trying to avoid. So I like,

Speaker 1  32:01
which is why I was hoping to attempt a 99 one approach. There will be inefficiencies. That's what happens when you do 80 right? But where it was like, without waiting till April 7 and without writing a script, we would, as best we can, quickly identify. Here's the really good ones. Leave them alone. Here's the angry, grumpy, bad people leaving them alone, and just 991 we're gonna go after everybody else who's left over. Really good. So simple

Matthias Miller  32:29
criteria would be anybody who has not had okay. Look at manually look at email exchanges and manually look at anybody with phone calls more than you know five minutes, and anybody with not without phone calls who's responded affirmatively with phone calls Less than five minutes is totally, totally doable.

Speaker 1  33:02
Yep. Side note, if we've gotten anybody who actually is grumpy or having a cow on us, we should probably mark them as D and D already in GHL. Anyway,

Matthias Miller  33:12
some of them I have, I haven't all of them. Okay,

Speaker 2  33:17
yeah, okay, let's see. Yeah, no, that's fair. I'm trying to look at this, but I should look at this after the phone call. Let me take what we've talked about and see if I can make sense of it in context, when I actually go here, in here and look at it and see how, how that's actually going to work. I guess my concern is always similar to what I said a few like an hour or two ago about the Jason Burton issue, my issue is always that my decision making feels pretty shaky when I don't know exactly what to do and I don't have a clear SOP so I could do my best, and maybe that's just good enough for now, if we're looking for good enough here, and I know who specifically not to talk to so I don't mess anything up. That is that good enough?

Matthias Miller  34:08
Like, like, the very clear, no questions asked, go talk to him. Is anybody who replied affirmatively? Yeah, no email correspondence and and did not have a conversation longer than shorten it under five. And, yeah,

Speaker 2  34:29
no, that is helpful. And I think maybe if I see that, and then I start, if I start finding people that meet that criteria in there, that will click in my head, and I think that will probably be an easy thing to see. So that does help.

Speaker 1  34:41
Okay, there's a pretty good chance that there are some questionable ones in the middle. I could take a quick pass at helping decide before we take it to Matthias.

Speaker 2  34:52
Yeah. That seems fair. That seems fair. What do you want the tag to be? Do you care? Do. Does it make sense to have a tag to what all makes sense to us? Yes,

Speaker 1  35:02
I want. I want to do it like this, please. I'm going to let you decide what the tag actually says. I do not care. But I want a tag like so good. We're not going to touch him, and a tag for so bad. We're never going to talk to him again, ever about anything, and then, literally, I will be, we will be messaging everybody else. Okay, are you good with that, or is that somehow too inclusive for you?

Matthias Miller  35:30
I mean, as long as you, I mean, I'm somewhat well, as long as you take everybody who, oh, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  35:48
Am I nervous? Yeah. I mean, I do have active clients and prospects in here, so I

Speaker 2  35:57
know. How about I tag everybody as like ads offer opportunity. And then before we start running anything, I give you an opportunity to skim the list.

Matthias Miller  36:09
I would probably prefer that. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  36:12
let me do that.

Speaker 1  36:14
Be so I would say be very liberal with the good tag like so good. We're not going to bother them right now. The chance we shouldn't bother them, then tag them. There's no need to be or conservative with that. Just go ahead and exclude anybody that you've got even a faint idea should be excluded.

Speaker 2  36:34
Yep, okay, I think that's fair. I could get do my best to just if there's, I mean, 400 is a decent amount of contact so that there's only 400 on the flip side, that's a couple hours of me just kind of doing that manually, which isn't maybe ideal, but it saves your time. Matthias, so I think we can do that, and I can let you skim that before we start. And then, in the meantime, the Jonathan, do you have a sense of what the sequence should be that I start sending out for SMS? I mean, just in terms of what the messages need to be,

Speaker 1  37:10
um, I don't. I'll find it and put it together. I mean, it is going to pretty great be, it's going to be pretty short, like, you know, could you Yeah, I'll, but it's pretty much going to boil down to that. Could your business handle more leads this month? Add this to your qualifiers if they're interested in doing this 20 years from now. That's cool, but we're not going to book a call with them. We're looking for do this now, like pretty much now, I'm not saying we're going to chase them off, but like we're not booking any calls or spending any time on someone who thinks they're going to get to it this summer, right? So

Speaker 2  37:46
that's fair. Um, no, that's fair. That's a really good point. So I can put that qualifying. Are we hungry for Lee's right now? However you want to say it, we can put the time qualifier in. If someone comes back and says, Well, yes, but I don't have time right now, circle back to me later. Then we can just, I can just come up with an absolutely response and put them back in the time pipeline for a scheduled follow up. Probably, I haven't done that in GHL either, but I assume that works. Yeah. Okay, cool. I like it. So I'll start working on sorting through. Well, here I will be the one who works on sorting through GHL. Jonathan will build our SMS sequence. We have a pretty decent lead qualification, so now we're just looking at timing. And right now, as far as my priorities go, I am setting up a call with Micah on Tuesday to finish the training. And in the meantime, I want to create an SDR document, and I want to work on that notebook LM thing for him, so that I can basically sit down with him on Tuesday and hit the ground running. I want to be able to start for him as soon as possible. I'm also working on book editing for the book that we're releasing. I've got, let's see. It seems like just a couple other things to try to kind of help support over the next two weeks of delivery, and, you know, potentially anything else that's going on. So I guess my ideal scenario would be that maybe I take a look on at this on Wednesday of next week, if possible, if nobody's uncomfortable with that timeline, and start doing my tagging in GHL. And then I can kind of give you a sense of how long that's going to take. Maybe we could get that done by the end of next week. We'd have this SMS sequence written by then, probably Jonathan. And then maybe we could start kind of looking at, well, let's see. By the end of next week, if we're going to launch a book Matthias, it's going to be a crazy few days for me over that timeline. So maybe I'm pushing a little bit. I'm thinking, Okay, keep thinking. Do. Yes, well, is that? Is that a comfortable timeline for you? Jonathan? I mean, I kind of know where me and Matthias are on this, and I know that you said that Micah was important to you. So can we, can I work on it next week, and you can work on it next week, and maybe we can regroup next Friday to see when we actually think we can start sending SMS messages. What do you think about that as a timeline.

Speaker 1  40:21
Yeah, I mean, I'd love for everybody to move faster, but, like, yeah, that's we're gonna, we're gonna do what we can do. And that sounds like that's what works for you. So that's what we got. Yeah, I

Speaker 2  40:31
think so it, there's always a possibility that things will move faster, but I don't want to promise anything that I'm not going to be able to deliver there. So just going to see what I can fit in with everything else that's going on. I hear you, yep, okay, sounds good. So my action is to regroup on Friday. Okay,

Speaker 1  40:49
um, okay, awesome. And then Matthias, while you're here real quick, you said something about Google ads for Jeremy instead. Just, just like, I think you asked, like, what would it take? Help me a little like, he's actually interested. Are we trying to put together an offer for him? Did he ask?

Matthias Miller  41:13
So there's a few issues. One radius is too big, I think

Unknown Speaker  41:17
let's shrink it. Talk about, let's just shrink it already and be done, right?

Unknown Speaker  41:25
I mean, yeah,

Speaker 1  41:33
uh, I, when I said nothing to talk about, I'm sorry. I meant about the radius, like it's just, it's very simple. I don't even think it's worth talking about the effect on the price. He's saying they're too far away, so we'll shrink it and see what happens if we have to do it. Great, yep, okay. But then about the Google Ads part. He asked for that. You asked, well, let's,

Matthias Miller  41:55
let's do the shrinking radius first and see how that affects him. Okay? And Audra, let's do a I don't know how to make this work, but can you put it on a radar in a week, or week and a half or whenever? Just kind of crazy, maybe. I mean, I yeah, I don't know when, but see if I could do another check in call with him.

Unknown Speaker  42:13
And so then, yeah, yeah, definitely. Here's

Speaker 1  42:16
the 99 one of Google ads. He's got to pay more. I'm not. We're not doing that for the same, like, for free, just because he's paying for Facebook. He's got to pay Google more. He's got to pay us more, and some I have not even looked at his website. I can't remember what it looks like, but we're going to have to put a form on his website that we believe is going to convert. I do not want to talk right now about the length of the form and the type of the form, but basically, in short, we do know that Google ads to a type form with some questions worked, and so we need to repeat a variation of that. I think Jeremy is the wrong size customer to be trying to reinvent the wheel or whatever. Can we simplify it? Yes, how simple? I don't know. Does it have to be tight form? No, that's a software question. I don't mean that. I just mean we need to follow roughly what we already knew worked and and that means somebody's gotta be able to tinker with his website and install a form he's

Matthias Miller  43:17
got a website company. Okay, awesome.

Speaker 1  43:21
Is there any harm in doing an absolutely brain dead, simple contact form name and whatever? No, I guess not. No, it shouldn't be that needs to be more than that. So we just don't know what comes out the other end, because we've never tried it yet. Well, I

Matthias Miller  43:35
mean it what comes out is what comes out of every other lead form. So you have people who are just plopping in the name, and if they're not willing to put any details of what they're looking for, then they're not really a great qualified lead.

Speaker 1  43:46
So seems like a question or two. Yeah, at least Yes. Okay, so that should forestall other Google Ad questions for a good while to come, because that's the basics. He's got to pay Google. Gotta pay us. We gotta be able to set up a form. Yeah, that's it. Well, let's

Matthias Miller  44:03
try the radius and we can have that conversation. I mean, I'm interested in getting him sales, that's the bottom line. And so I know this is painful, I know you're gonna hate me for it, but if he's not able to close these leads because he's overwhelmed and lead quality is and he can't, he's not the guy to proactively work them hard enough then, well, we do have the option to send them fewer leads at a higher price with higher, hopefully higher buying intent.

Speaker 1  44:28
Yes and no, I don't really hate you for it and it like I know where that came from, but in his case, his application, in this situation, doesn't matter to me. It's fine. Okay, um,

Matthias Miller  44:42
uh, good. Anything else?

Speaker 2  44:46
Um, I actually just wanted to close the loop on what I assume is the end of this process once you sell them is I need to go back to onboarding again. So Jonathan, did you see that Facebook video that I sent to you? Is that something you'd be willing to look at and tell me if that's going to work

Speaker 1  44:59
or not? I. I literally saw it. Enchanti have not had time to read it. I

Speaker 2  45:03
don't think it's a burning priority. I just wanted to circle back and make sure that that we saw that. Because I don't I want to make sure that at the end of all this, we're running smoothly. So yeah, thank you. And

Speaker 1  45:13
as a side note, I'm always willing to help you with like SOPs or reviewing something everybody know top of their head, what city Jeremy's in?

Matthias Miller  45:22
It's in the GHL settings. It is

Speaker 1  45:27
very bad for me today. I can't get into anybody's sub account. Probably need a reboot or something.

Unknown Speaker  45:31
Goodness. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  45:32
do you guys? Are you guys done with me? Yes,

Speaker 1  45:35
thank you with all I needed. Thanks a lot. Awesome. Thank

Matthias Miller  45:39
you. Okay, thank you

Speaker 1  45:43
for everybody. Right now, it it is. It's gotta be on the website, right?

Speaker 2  45:49
I would assume so I'm looking in GHL. But it's also being really funny for me. For some reason

Speaker 1  45:55
no outdoor structures.

Speaker 2  46:01
Why is that being done? Just open it. Use Eustace, Texas.

Unknown Speaker  46:11
He's in Eustis. Okay, yep, use

Speaker 2  46:13
it. Yep, there it finally popped up. That was weird, okay, not,

Speaker 1  46:16
not terribly far from me. Funny enough.

Unknown Speaker  46:19
Oh, interesting.

Matthias Miller  46:22
Yes,

Speaker 1  46:24
Texas, and he wants 50 miles. In other news, No, he doesn't want 50 miles. He doesn't want 50 miles.

Unknown Speaker  46:37
Yeah, we're

Speaker 1  46:39
gonna do it, because that's what we said, and if he's so literally, what's going to happen is he is still going to say they're too far away, and we're going to pull it back to 45 or 40 but, but for today, I did interesting. I just clicked the button. It's 50 now, like we did it? Alright?

Speaker 2  46:55
Fair enough. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  46:58
Other stuff out. So, yep, great.

Speaker 2  47:02
All right, okay, well, are you and I good to go on this Yes, communication open. Sorry, lines of communication are open,

Speaker 1  47:10
yes, and yes, I love it same. I have no idea how I come across to you. I'm crazy and I'm busy, but I'm totally available, so just

Speaker 2  47:20
I appreciate it. Thank you so much. I will talk to you at least next week when you set something up. Sounds good. All right, awesome. Talk to you later. Bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai