Speaker 1  00:01
Hey, Steven. So Phil UTC just reached out to me about his their daughter, Sherry, who's starting a massage practice, and he and Lois would like to give her a gift towards something to get her business. His thought was a website. And so I was just putting some thought. I chatted with him for about 15 minutes and started putting some thought into it, what I think would be absolutely superb would be if we could put together a marketing campaign, and, and, and I don't know what all this would would take or cost, or what all this might look like, but in my opinion, step number one is go find everybody that you can to give massages to for whatever price they're willing to pay, and go build out Google reviews. And so build out your Google business profile and start getting critical mass with Google reviews and train her on the importance of asking for Google reviews. Ask me in the process for doing that. Second of all when she's done that, go run Facebook lead gen ads asking for names, emails and phone numbers, and tie it out to something like mail. Make, make the offer be something like 50% off your first massage or something, and have a Zapier on the back end or something that pushes it over to MailChimp and some kind of SMS broadcast, and then teach her on how to do her own content marketing stuff to keep the flywheel going and also teach her how she can use that, then to continue building her list and to go push out offers, either by text or you know, she could do. She could literally do day of or day before, text message promos, if she wanted to, and promote savings to fill fill days and stuff like that. And also getting her set up with a scheduling link that would linked from her, from her Google business profile, in my opinion, doesn't she doesn't actually need a website. You might disagree with me, so why am I saying all this? I am happy to brainstorm about some of this types of stuff. I really, really do not want to build this stuff out. And so is that something you have any interest in whatsoever, and if not understood, if you're not interested, do you have people off the top of your head who might be if not understood? And lastly, regardless if you happen to have ideas on this would welcome it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai