Unknown Speaker  00:02
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:04
How are you this morning? You know,

Speaker 1  00:16
I'm, I'm, I think I'm functioning. Go ahead. I

Unknown Speaker  00:20
don't know if I missed anything. My phone cut out.

Speaker 1  00:22
No, you didn't miss anything. I i think I'm functioning well, if I don't sit too quietly and too long with that question. Got you, by

Unknown Speaker  00:41
the way, we got off the phone last night, Tina says, You know what that's like, don't you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyways, just my side of it, let her like anyway, that's neither here nor there, yep.

Speaker 1  01:12
Well, there's a reason I'm grateful that you're in my life.

Speaker 2  01:19
Yeah, can I? Can I give you something I want to I want to take a moment here paint you a picture of how I view this stuff. Okay, of life, yep. Have you ever seen those forest canopies where they stretch them in the rain forest, that stretch up these big network canopies, and they have platforms, and they are 10, have tents up there to study the rainforest canopy. Anyway, it's a thing. I've seen pictures of it, yeah, red articles, National Geographic, so I picture of life as or just like a net, you know? And a net has all these little intersections where the cords are tied, right? Yep. And life is a net. Everybody's on this net. And every once in a while, somebody slips off their little corner, their little intersection of life, and starts falling down, yeah, and then the people around them reach over and grab a hold of them, get them back up on and for you know, helps get them steady and everything. And then down the road, it might be one, it starts to slip off, because we all slip off some way or another, sometime or another. Yeah, we're all surrounded by a network of people to reach down and help us out, if we'll just acknowledge that we're slipping on. Yeah, that's And so that to really understand that. Think of the song being on me when you're not strong, because someday I'm going to need somebody to lean on. All of a sudden, this whole thing of being there for each other is not something special. It's very special when we are able to do that or need it, right? But it's not something unique and part of life, yeah, and that's why it was the song lean on me is one of my favorite strong songs, because it democratizes. It takes the shame away. It just puts this all into like hey, because someday lean on me when you're not strong, because someday I want to meet somebody and lean on like it. It turns it into a no big deal, just a normal life function, which is how I think it should be. Anyway. I don't know why I told you all that, huh? The the

Speaker 1  04:12
craziest thing is that, up until recently, the last year when I think God just started taking some of these mentorships away, I always paid for that kind of thing. Paid to have anybody around up until, up until God started taking some of these mentorships away, I always paid to have somebody to lean on. Yeah,

Speaker 2  04:48
did I tell you? I don't remember. I show you what Steve wrote about. Gee, I told Steve, what's your rate? Let me know I want to pay for this. I just. Want to make sure I'm able to, you know, able to pay for, he said, no charge, huh? Because, you know what, Steve's been there, yeah. Yeah. I uh, like, if it was over $500 I was going to have to reevaluate my commitment to pay for it, yep, but up until that point, it was just like decisions made, no charge now, you know, maybe, maybe you need another hour, and he'll charge for that. If so, let me know I want to help with at least, at least another hour if you need that. Yeah. Anyway, none of this is none of this is why we're having the phone calls.

Unknown Speaker  05:56
Yep,

Speaker 2  05:58
what do you need to put you in the best in the best possible position to maximize the value of your don't worry about ROI like so you can Get out of Steve's phone call. What you need?

Unknown Speaker  06:24
Well, I was thinking through a little bit about, what do I want? Where do I feel like he can yield the most value? And I think it's, I think it's a few things. I think, I mean, I think, I think it can be helpful. Perhaps it's really hard when I'm working with a new person to

Speaker 1  06:55
I feel like giving context is such a sometimes I could spend way too much time giving contacts, and sometimes it's necessary, and then sometimes I still feel like I don't give enough, but I feel like there are. Let me see if I can tease out the questions I'm wrestling with. I was talking yesterday, before our call, I was talking with my mentor, uh, therapist, spiritual director, I don't know what you call him, and his observation was that the times that he's seen me genuinely passionate has been talking about, about about faith in some capacity. And I'm looking at that and I'm just like, I'm, I'm really, I really was having like an oh crap moment, because I don't know why, but I don't want to hear that. So there's that,

Speaker 1  08:09
lots of people will tell me that I ask really sharp, incisive questions. I really cut to the heart of the matter. And I have this unusual blend between understanding people in business, and yet I struggle to package that in any kind of a way. Historically, historically, most of my income has come like 99% of my Well, 95% of my income has come through tech like high end, like designing tech, making tech decisions, software selection for companies, integrating business workflow with with with tech and the other four for support. Four and a half percent has been taking those same types of critical thinking skills with working directly with people, ideally, because I I completely die if I'm working solo too long, has been taking those same critical thinking skills and just applying them to, I don't know, troubleshooting like what's let's look at your marketing numbers and let's dissect them from an engineering standpoint and figure out what they're saying. Let's go. Let's go. Figure out like your business isn't structured right, where people are thinking of you like this, but you're showing up like that, and you want to show up like this, but not like that. Well, how do we change people's perception of you so that they see you the way you need to be showing up in your business? Yeah, and the way you need to be showing up as, as, as yourself. But those, those, the latter type of conversations, are very interesting to me, but that's like the point 5% that I've gotten paid for. Most of it is like, look, let's crunch the numbers. Let's figure out what the numbers mean and what the numbers are saying, and let's interpret that, or subversion, or like, or some some systems or process type thinking around stuff. So that's context. I think the question, there's two big questions for Steve. Number one, it's obvious he's a relational guy and

Speaker 1  11:01
and I think navigating, there are some pretty open ended questions about navigating that in the realm of business to make it work. So that's part one, and maybe there's some more specific questions around that. Part two is also just, I feel like there's a very narrow window of people. Like, when I hit it off with with somebody, when we have the right problem to solve, they're the right kind of person. Like, I like, it's almost like magic. And but so the but the question is, is there enough of those people in the shed industry to make it worth my while to be in here? Or am I so fundamentally misaligned with how most of the industry operates, that I'm going to be like, I'm shooting myself in the foot. I'm limiting myself. Like, not just limiting myself. I don't care about limiting that. I'm more more concerned about shooting myself in the foot than, quote, limiting myself, if that makes sense,

Speaker 2  12:22
yeah, and, and that's a question that I think Steve is not exclusively, but uniquely in a position to help you answer.

Speaker 1  12:37
And in my mind, that's the most practical boots on the ground. Tactical. Wrap your hands around it. High Value question to bring to him.

Speaker 2  12:53
So I've been thinking a lot more. You mind if I jump in?

Unknown Speaker  12:56
Go for it. Please do.

Speaker 2  12:59
I was, I was trying to we had a tough possible gear meeting this morning, and it got off to a very it was supposed to be our we rescheduled yesterday's l 10 meeting to today. And Jay Barry and I had a relationship a couple weeks ago that we had never fully resolved. He was very, very hurt by some things I was speaking. And we never, like, we made several attempts, but we never got it resolved, which makes it really hard for me to lead the meeting, because there was this. And he told me this morning, he said you were right on everything, but the approach that you used is not inherently bad, but because of my past trauma, it was very hurtful to me. Like, okay, I'll try to be sensitive. Anyway. He was in a bad mood for various reasons, so we'd ended up not having the meeting and just talking through some things unofficially. In the process, I was trying to tell him how I spent my evening on two two different extended phone calls with two different people facing unique challenges, you being one of them. And I said, The problem is, because he follows your stuff, he likes your stuff. I said the problem is is the people, like the shed world is primarily populated by people who do not value what Matthias has to offer, even though it would bring value to them and they won't pay for it. But I said, I can tell you how to get their money. They will pay for consultants. A lot of them will, and I will tell you how to get their money, bullshit. That's how you can get their money, because these are not super sophisticated. Here's the thing, you're trying to bring a sophisticated. A solution. No matter how simple you're making it, it's still a sophisticated solution, and you can't present it without a certain level of sophistication to a people that are relatively unsophisticated. Yeah. Like show me other industries where you have somebody running a 10 or $20 million business with the low level of sophistication that law the shed operators have shed company operators have

Speaker 1  15:30
GCS, but yes, yeah, keep going.

Speaker 2  15:36
It's just a different world. And then the similarities, right? That will just jump out you, if you analyze the different similarities, like the two different the GCS and the shed world, low barrier to entry, high upside, yep. Working with your hands is how you get started, etc, etc. Anyway, having said all that is like I have a friend. I love him. There's nobody in my life that frustrates me as much as he does that I allow in my life to the extent I allow him, because I also love him that much. I just people that I lose respect for and have frustration with their life philosophies at the level of this guy I distance from. I just do intentionally not. I love him so much, and it's been going on for a number of years, so I it's a weird thing. Anyway, he's declared bankruptcy three times. He is an absolute failure when it comes to business, and not just a failure because he's declared bankruptcy three times, but because he still has the deeply flawed mindsets that got him there. Yep, class envy toward me, mentality, all the stuff, but he's also a good dude. At the same time, he got fired from a job because of the bullshit that he brought to the job, and one of the things he picked up was consulting gigs for five grand a pop two days, plus travel expenses. Yep, people come in and look at people. I probably told you about this guy before, yep, and and like, what does this guy have to offer? It's bullshit. It's bullshit. And you know what? People will pay? People in that world will pay for it because they're flummoxed by it. They're, they're, they're, they get an eagle stroke out of hiring him, yeah, because he's a celebrity in the shed world, and they will literally pay him a complete business failure, pretty much unilateral. And don't see hope for that changing because of his mindset, right?

Unknown Speaker  18:02
Yep, um, yep,

Speaker 2  18:07
and they will pay for him. And I'm going to say a name, and you cannot ever repeat this. David Kaufman. David Kaufman, you

Speaker 2  18:24
some of what he teaches is valuable, but he's a he's a snake oil, he's, he's, he's way too greasy for me. Do you know who I'm

Unknown Speaker  18:37
talking Yeah, I do. Yep.

Speaker 2  18:41
I might be completely wrong in my analysis, but he there's, you know, he has, you know, this plane and all this kind of stuff. And people will hire him because it makes him feel important, yeah, to hire somebody that has his own plane and operates at that level. Yep, good for him. And I'm not even necessarily I mean, if you, if you believe that the disc approach is where you want to make your living out of Go for it. It has value. I'm not sure

Unknown Speaker  19:20
does I mean, but I

Speaker 2  19:23
think there's other things that have more value, but in the end, he's not getting all those results. He spouts platitudes and and what I would understand to be a very valid and useful, but still second rate

Speaker 1  19:45
analysis tools, right? He doesn't understand he's got a lot of true things, but he doesn't understand the deep underlying structure of business. Is that? Right? Fair? Yeah.

Speaker 2  20:00
Yeah, and platitudes Yeah, and crochet stuff and let people hire him because of the BS, right?

Unknown Speaker  20:13
The hype, yeah,

Speaker 2  20:17
dude, that stresses me out so much. So here's here I said, I can, I know exactly how Matthias can get all the business he would ever need, enough to become wealthy from the shed industry, and that is to become a completely different person and lead with bullshit, yep, and then deliver results on the back end, you'll be what you cannot lead with that you are too nerdy and techy oriented to even go that direction, which makes you sophisticated enough that you lose a lot of the potential audience before they even give you a chance because of their level of sophistication. Now none of that answers the question about whether you should stay in or abandon the shed world, yep. But I really think there's a big part of your problem. Now, is there a path to overcome that, to where it becomes viable? Worth? Worth having that conversation? Yep. But fundamentally, you are not aligned. Your personality and your approach is not aligned with what these guys are buying. They're buying they need jerky, and they're buying cake pops because they have sprinkles on them.

Speaker 1  21:45
I just had it one of my clients, the owners, the GM. I was talking to the GM because we had a little mini engagement around sales stuff. He said, he mentioned that the owners went through this Grant Cardone conference. And I looked him straight in the eye, and I just, I was like, I've, I've bounced around this stuff so long. And I'm just, I'm so done with sugarcoating this stuff. I looked at him, I'm like, this is the turning point of our business relationship. Like, they can't do that and meet people and working, working with you. And he's like, Oh no, no. Like, like, this isn't I don't, I don't buy into that stuff. It's not going to affect me. I'm like, Dude, what kind of like, what kind of world are you living in? You can't have owners who buy into that stuff and not have it affect you like you buy into, in some degree, what I have to offer you like me because you feel smarter around me. And it's kind of the same BS that these with the planes, except I think, I think for him, he likes to buy the intelligence because he wants to be he doesn't want to be known as the flashy rich guy. He wants to be known as a, as a, as the sharp, successful, as a really sharp, smart guy, which I can sell to and I can help him as much as he's willing to put into work and go change things, but And increasingly, I shot him at Texas morning. I said, Hey, look, tell me one mission critical thing that you'd like to have off your plate and have it done without you thinking about about it two weeks from now? What would that be? And like some of this comes back to taking control back from these guys, because here I am solving, maybe just trying to solve a problem for people who won't appreciate me anyway, but like so taking control back, saying, Look, you can act like this, but we're going to decide on deliverables and we're going to execute. Now. You can flip all that on its head and say, I have another friend of mine. He bought a manufacturing company. He's been dying to hire me every time we talk, he's like, Man, I just wish our company would be at a better place, like I would hire you in a heartbeat. He's been eating up my emails. You read frictionless teams. He was the first guy leaving the reviews. He could find out who it was here, but, like, solid guy, he's just not in a financial position to hire me. But you are right there. My world would be very different if I had people who valued my level of sophistication and my depth of insight and like grounded thinking, I suppose, and so either I choose, I kind of think that. Stop firefighting thing. Could I don't know. I'm up in the air. Maybe that's dumb enough that that's, that's hype enough that people are gonna, if it wouldn't be such a violation of my personalities, I would dye my my hair red at the expo just to go with it and have hair on fire as well. But that's not me anyway. I don't know which path, but sorry, here's what I'm trying to say the the Go figure things out. Part of me is intrigued by the idea of beating these guys at their own game, which is so dumb, but go find a simple, simple way to describe it. Go make me be the magic behind the curtain. Sell execution so that stuff happens, and stop selling my brains to people. And just go get stuff done. And it becomes the if you can't make anything happen, go call this guy. It stuff actually happens. The other part of me is like, man, wouldn't it be glorious just to work with people who value who I am. All they want is my insight. And they want, they want somebody who who can shift their thinking. They want their team to go do the work and and they're willing to pay a premium for it.

Unknown Speaker  26:41
Anyway, yeah,

Speaker 2  26:49
so how does that play out with

Speaker 2  26:59
well, so Is that doable in the shared industry.

Speaker 1  27:02
Here's an interesting thing. I was talking to Eric huntsberger Last night, and I mentioned some of my procrastination with sales and follow ups, and he's like, this is what he told me. He said, Look, you don't think you're good at sales because you haven't spent that much time in the actual role, per se, but with all the work that you've done, you're the same as a 30 year veteran in sales. And he says, maybe you should think about the fact that you know enough about these people that you know it's not as it's not a sold deal, and it's just you like you, you want a yes or no, and you don't want and if people don't believe in your process, they're not going to believe in your product. And these guys aren't sold on your process, and so they're never going to buy your product. And you know that they're wishy washy like that. And what if your resistance isn't some problem with you? What if it's just you already recognized before your logic caught up to you that these guys don't buy into who you are? What do you think of that? I

Unknown Speaker  28:23
basically the same thing we're saying.

Unknown Speaker  28:25
It is the same thing we're saying. So am I gonna listen?

Speaker 2  28:37
So is there any part of your ego that, or any part of your psyche that needs this to work, to fulfill something In you or to or

Speaker 1  28:59
not insurmountable, I am. I don't know why this is hitting me hard. I am on the on the culture index, they say I've got the culture index of a COO slash Navy Seal and if I have something in front of me, I will eat shit as long as I have to to figure out a way to get through it, even if it's like, that's the ego side, and It's not in so is there ego involved? Yeah, but is it insurmountable? No, look, I've, I've had enough dealings with ego you can't get, you can't have a denomination. Look at you and. Tell you you're not good enough to be a preacher, Pastor, elder, like away with you and not not deal with some of the ego stuff. Yeah. So honestly, yes, it's being very candid. Am I becoming friends with the process of letting that break and crack? Yes, am I scared that I'm going to hang on to it? No, am I going to grieve it a little bit, probably,

Speaker 1  30:38
but it's not the end of the road. I mean, this, this year, has been full of shit anyway, like, What's one more?

Unknown Speaker  30:48
It's just the process. I don't mean to sound Cavalier. I'm just saying, like, i

Speaker 2  31:21
By the way, don't take anything. I'm sad to be

Unknown Speaker  31:34
taking it more of a rhetorical analysis or maybe even some level of contempt, not contempt, but indication of how I really see some of the shed industry,

Speaker 2  31:58
more than like there might be enough business for you to achieve your financial goals in the shed industry, maybe you're three peaks away tweaks away from success. Yeah. Like, I don't know the answer to that. You know what thought just hit me, if I had, if I had your skills, I could probably make a success of this

Unknown Speaker  32:27
because of my personality and my casual approach. Just you know, I'm the guy that wants to stand in front of the room in a flying shirt and blue jeans and joke around, not tell jokes, but joke around, and while being intensely serious about the with what I'm delivering.

Speaker 1  33:07
And I think the thing that frustrates me more than anything else is that I can have conversations with you like this, but I don't consider myself the type of person that most people would label as personable.

Speaker 2  33:27
I've never met a software programmer that was I'm sure they exist, dude, our guy that works with SmartPay works magic behind the scenes. Yeah, and when I go in the office, everybody's like, hey, Richard. Hey Richard, good to see you. He comes his door of his office, but his smile says, Hi, Richard. His kids come in. His wife is all bubbly. His kids are Bobby, Daddy, Daddy, Hey, daddy. And he looks down, he says, with with total adoration, and he quiet says, Hi children. I'm glad to see you.

Speaker 1  34:11
Yeah. So maybe go ahead. Maybe part of the mismatch isn't just sophisticated. Sophistication, but maybe part of the mismatch is the fact that they want to buy. They want to buy from Hang on. One second. Hang on. Yep, totally. I

Speaker 2  40:16
Hey, thank you for my for your patience. I my dirt. I'm leaving, and my guy was here, so I had to communicate with him.

Speaker 1  40:25
No worries. I need a drop off soon. Anyway, I think so there's two things. One is straight up, level of intelligence. They don't even comprehend some of the stuff that I'm saying, like they can't even make sense of it because they're not smart in that way. Is that that? I don't mean it'd be pejorative, but it's just true. Second of all, they don't want to buy from my personality type. They they want to buy from a high I like D, i, i, d, high, I, whatever. That's who they want to buy from,

Speaker 2  41:07
even if it means that there are that the person has not managed his personality type and has become greasy, and, yeah, it's a bullshit, even if he doesn't

Speaker 1  41:18
have results to back it up. Like, but, but give me anybody except to see. I can, I can hire a high D, I could hire an S, I could hire an I, but if they got too much C in them, they're out. Tell me, I'm wrong.

Unknown Speaker  41:37
You're saying that's you, or that's them,

Speaker 1  41:42
that's them, that's them. And I got, I got too much. I'm too far on the DC side, and probably too much. Well, if it'd be more D than I'd probably be running my own thing anyway, and but not, definitely not enough, but also too much C and I'm thinking way too deeply for what they're I don't know. Like that's just not who they want to buy from. Maybe my categorization is wrong, but

Speaker 2  42:18
Well, what if we're just making excuses for failure on your part.

Unknown Speaker  42:23
Okay, well, what if,

Unknown Speaker  42:26
I mean, what? I don't think we are, but what if we are?

Speaker 1  42:29
Well, so that's, I mean, that's a really interesting question. And what if I

Speaker 1  42:44
what? Well, I don't know how to I don't know how to answer that like I think creating a dumb maybe I just haven't figured out a way to speak the dumb language, to sell in a dumb way that lose you. Are you needing a minute? I know I'm here. I think you lost me. Are you there? I lost you. I'm here. I can hear you. I can hear you. I can hear you.

Unknown Speaker  43:15
Hey,

Unknown Speaker  43:16
yes, I

Speaker 2  43:18
hear you. I think I lost you. I was I was like, Do you

Speaker 1  43:23
are you needing a minute? I heard you the whole time. So it's a good question, like, what if? What if the lesson that I need to learn here is the lesson I'm going to need everywhere else anyway, and if that's the case, then what do I need to do? Well, I need a very, very, very simple brand message. I need to be willing to let other people present some kind of high polluting image of me, even if that's not how I'd naturally do it. I need to put together a biography that makes me like I've worked with, I've consulted with, with nine figure businesses and and I have a I have licensed the framework from a billionaire like use all the glitzy, shiny success stuff, and you can't get away from the fact that when you actually get to know me, I'm just going to be straight up who I am, and we're not going to BS around, and I'm going to be like, the only way that I can do any work with you is if we actually diagnose what's the problem. And by the way, anybody else who tells you what to do without doing that is is conducting malpractice, and you should fire them. And I'll and just like maybe there's a blunt, straight shooting truth telling versus. Version of me, and maybe it's also then, like, we're not going to stop everybody else wants to sell you on these big packages and stuff, like, I'm going to sell you on on a series of sprints to actually get stuff done and make things happen, because that's the only way change happens. And I mean, maybe there's a world in which that angle can work. But then the question, is,

Unknown Speaker  45:22
there enough of that in the shed. I'm sorry. I

Unknown Speaker  45:24
don't know. Go ahead. I don't know if there is.

Unknown Speaker  45:34
I don't know if there is the other way to do it is go find a BSer, and

Speaker 1  45:44
if they want to buy BS who might as well be giving me the money, not somebody else. But that's very cavalier, and I wouldn't want my hands in the day to day operation of that.

Speaker 2  45:56
Okay, that brings me to another question. I don't know if there's an official framework or not, but one of my friends talks in the concept of being a number one or a number two, yep, and, and he's doing fairly well financially. And then, like, Oh, I see this deal for $25,000 on a vehicle that I can make $10,000 on. So I put up my safe and pull out my cash and hop on my plane and go buy the vehicle. Yeah, and he feels God told him to sell his plane. So that's gone. His plane's gone now, he said, had some pretty big challenges in last year, he feels like a farrier, and more to do with the messaging he gets from his narcissistic wife than anything. Anyway, the anyway he he does not. He what it is to be an owner. So he just works for other people. Now, he might buy the land, build the shop. Rent the shop to them, hire the employees under like, like, hire the employees. Like, sub everything out, you know, like he runs everything but they create the framework for his success, yeah, and, and he believes he would be a fraction of where he is if he'd been trying to do all this same things on his own. Yeah, he even wrote the sales side. Like, what do you need them for? He needs somewhere to give him? You need somebody to like,

Speaker 2  48:13
I can see anyway he, he's a great number two, what is your number two material?

Speaker 1  48:23
Well, I don't, I don't doubt, I wouldn't doubt that I probably am. I

Speaker 2  48:28
don't know. I don't even know how to quantify that. I know that my son is number two material,

Speaker 1  48:34
like on the on the traction integrator, visionary thing, when, where I've typically seen it is that I'm usually too visionary for to be an integrator and too much of an integrator to be a visionary. Yeah, like I flip flop, flip flop between the two, and most companies are not high growth enough to entertain somebody like me, like and what I found happening with some of my engagements was and I saw it afterward, and it's like, well, I got to fix that. But if it's not high growth, I start rearranging stuff, because I need something to do.

Unknown Speaker  49:22
Yes,

Speaker 1  49:28
the closest thing I know is there's the guy who wrote second in Cameron Harold wrote second in command. We've got the same Colby index. He worked for a garbage company, waste, waste management, I think, or something. He was a COO and I often think of what he said. He said basically that the only reason it worked was because it was a high growth company. And if it hadn't been a high growth company, he wouldn't have he wouldn't have done well. But I don't know if the number one versus number two, if that's the head trash thing, or if that's just how I'm wired. I don't think it's just head trash, but it could be I'm like a 1.5 and I don't think I'm just trying to be between number one and number two. I don't, I don't think maybe, maybe I'm just trying to be unique and not fit into a box. But I don't think I am.

Speaker 1  50:40
I Yeah, like, the thing that you drives me crazy about being in the shed industry is I can't craft a Facebook ad that cranks leads and fills this fills up my calendar. I don't feel like what. I can't turn on leads. There's no way to flow. Turn on a flow of traffic that's going to Flood me. And I hate That lack of control. You

Speaker 2  51:45
i i feel like this conversation has probably muddled the water. It's more than brought any clarity. I hope you don't feel the same, but I'm worried that that's what we did. Well. I

Speaker 1  52:24
And here's three takeaways. And I got a drop for call at the top of the hour, but I'm typing it out now. So four questions. Number 1am, I too sophisticated for this market? Number two, do they want to buy from someone who flaunts success? And am I too geeky for them to buy from? Am I a number one or a number two? Or, am I a 1.5 and then number four or or are, are these just excuses? That's the I have a I have a friend. Do you know Josh long from Perry's world? No, okay, he runs, he runs Perry's highest end mastermind, the $65,000 a year program. He had me do a disc. He looked at my disc, and he said, You are the stereotypical COO, and I want to, if you ever find a shed company to buy, tell me I want to go in with you. I

Speaker 1  53:49
and I feel like one of the other questions, this might be muddying the waters, but am I doing the wrong I feel like a friend of mine wants me to, wants me to, wanted me to start a small business here in town. I'm like, I can't tell you why, but I hate the idea, but I don't do well working with small businesses. Small businesses don't have enough interesting things to do and work on, which is why I'm doing consulting, because that lets me work with larger businesses, larger problems, more interesting stuff. But is it possible that, I mean, maybe I should pitch being a fractional COO and be bold with what I charge and charge

Speaker 2  54:42
before I took it, was trying to figure out what my next step was. Before I took this job with smart pay, one of my friends offered a loan. I have up to 250,000 available if you want to start a business that I think will succeed, but the condition is you have to go in partnership. In some way or another, with an operator, yeah, and see. I would, I would, I would hire you. I would hire Jay Barry. I would go into partnership with somebody like that, like but I want, I want making breaking down all the details and stuff. Yes, I am happiest when I don't have to deal with any of the details. Yep, but I'll deal with it if I have to. But give me the financial reports and I'll I'll see, like I can tell you pretty quick which levers need to be pulled, which you know to make, where the bottlenecks are and all, not just from financial that's overstating it my skills, like I'm pretty good with this stuff, but Oh, you want my sweet spot is working with the people, is figuring out all the people and the high level brains, super brainstorming strategies, the what ifs going out in the fringes of the thought experiment, and then bringing it back to today and all that kind of stuff. Well, none of that gets shit done. Yep, none of that gets shit done. I gotta surround myself by people who get shit done, yep, operators, yep.

Speaker 2  56:51
Anyway, maybe I flatter myself and I don't know why I'm talking about myself. Sorry.

Unknown Speaker  56:57
Don't apologize. Maybe there's something there.

Speaker 2  57:01
Yeah, that's true. But maybe, maybe you are that person. Maybe you actually need employment somewhere, and like, maybe your, your years of working on your own have ruined you for employment. That's that's a possibility,

Speaker 1  57:21
yeah, but I think if I had the right gig and the right people, I mean, it's pretty narrow, but the right opportunity, if it were eyed with opportunity, with somebody like you that actually believe in and get along with, yeah, and who can work with my quirks, then we can figure out a path forward. And I get a team that I get a team teams to run instead, and it's not too long, everything riding on my shoulders, and I also feel like I've got the backing of some of an owner. Yeah,

Speaker 2  57:59
yeah, yeah, no, I'm basically unemployable. I can't the idea of working for somebody freaks me out. And yet, why am I working a job and loving it? Because they leave me alone,

Speaker 1  58:15
right? Because you know how to manage you. All right, you know I got, I got,

Speaker 2  58:19
wait. You got the idea. All right. Thank you, Richard, let me know how it turns out. Sure we'll be back. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai