Matthias Miller  00:36
Hey, Heather, how are you? I can hear you. Can you hear me? Oh, hang on, it's me, maybe. Well, maybe not. Oh, wait, hold on. There we go. Got it. Now you can hear me? Yep, okay, cool, all

Speaker 1  00:52
right. So, I think I noticed that the go high level is not sending, like, multiple texts. Now,

Matthias Miller  01:01
yes, they said it was something to do with the call loop. It was forwarding somehow is set to forward back to the business number. And

Speaker 1  01:14
that makes sense. Okay. Well, that's clear that that's good. And then so right now I have them the calls forwarding to my cell phone. Okay, because I don't know if it's this shitty HP computer that I have, but I did just order a Mac. I'm going to be a Mac owner for my first time ever. Yep, so I hope that's better. But is there a way to hook up a desk phone?

Matthias Miller  01:50
Take a look. I

Matthias Miller  02:09
there is, it appears,

Matthias Miller  02:20
here is the here?

Speaker 1  02:37
Because when I went to Where's when I went to phones? It like asked me a bunch of stuff that I obviously don't know.

Matthias Miller  02:51
Yeah, so, 72 uh.

Matthias Miller  03:05
It looks like it does. Do you know what kind of sip, what? What brand of sip? Phone? Do you have? I have? I

Unknown Speaker  03:23
hold on one second.

Unknown Speaker  03:35
Yes, you don't have a desk bottom there yet.

Speaker 1  03:43
Hi, I think it was like a yellow yelling.

Unknown Speaker  03:54
I just don't know where it is at moment.

Matthias Miller  03:58
Okay, Figure. Figure, sip. Hold on while

Speaker 1  04:15
you're doing that, I'm just gonna let the mics off it All right, I'm

Matthias Miller  04:27
all right, one person you.

Unknown Speaker  05:02
That's something to play with.

Speaker 1  05:05
I unplug that game for the baby to play with. It's a grand stream. I'm sorry.

Matthias Miller  05:09
Grand stream, do you have a model number? There's something on the back?

Speaker 1  05:21
Yes, it sorry, I have to zoom in with My feet home.

Speaker 1  05:31
All right? GRP, 2615, okay.

Unknown Speaker  05:50
Sleep. I'm

Matthias Miller  06:07
so these are the basic instructions.

Unknown Speaker  06:13
Sweet. Is that what you just texted me? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:16
so you got a first, the first ones to turn it on and go high level, and that'll give you, like, the settings that then you have to go into the phone itself to, okay, perfect. It's a little, yeah, it's, it's not the most. I mean, it should theoretically just work, but I it's not the most intuitive thing in the world. So okay,

Speaker 1  06:49
all right, well, we'll give it a go, and again, I think once my Apple comes in, I think it'll be a lot better. I've, like, read a bunch of forms, and everyone's, like, a lot of people that were using go high level. They're like, yeah, like, I had a really crappy laptop and it was all like, staticky. I'm like, that's what I'm dealing with, yeah. And people seem to like it with the Mac.

Matthias Miller  07:09
I've had good success with the Mac, and I've got other clients who I sales guy keeps complaining, and the owner says, GM is like, Oh, well, I'll go fix it today. I'll go buy you a new laptop today, and that's been three weeks ago, and it's been driving in bonkers. But I've had so many Bluetooth issues on Windows laptops, I don't know what it is. Yeah, it's, it's weird like anyway, and then with Mac, especially if you get a, you know, air pods or something, yeah. I mean those, those are, like, native and switch packages easily. Yeah,

Speaker 1  07:49
got them, Yep, yeah, yeah. And they won't, like, stay connected to my computer, which is, I mean, whatever, but

Matthias Miller  07:56
yeah, yeah. And AirPods are, they've got proprietary technology that makes it smart about switching back and forth between your back and forth between your phone and computer. Just, yeah, yeah, crazy, but it's pretty

Speaker 1  08:06
cool, awesome. And then what do I need to collect payments?

Matthias Miller  08:17
See, you need to connect it out to a well, you can do one of two ways. I'm

Speaker 1  08:27
sorry if these are dumb questions. They're not dumb questions.

Matthias Miller  08:32
So you can here, let me check something here. I Oh,

Speaker 1  08:50
my God. And I have to tell you that Virtual Receptionist picked up, had like and she does pretty well. I think I named her Holly. She does pretty well 90% 99% of the time. I think there's just a few tweaks I need to make and obviously train her to do more stuff. But this guy called, and he was like, gets through like, a full conversation with her, and then he's like, Wait, are you AI? She goes, No, I'm a Virtual Receptionist. And I was literally dead. I was literally like, crying in the car. Mike's like, what is going on? I'm like, Babe, you have to read this transcript. It's so funny. He's like, That's honestly awesome. And then the guy's like, Oh, okay. And then he keeps talking.

Matthias Miller  09:33
And he's just like, Yeah, cool.

Unknown Speaker  09:38
So funny.

Matthias Miller  09:39
So I think the question is, do you want to use, let's see, hang on. I'm trying to find this

Unknown Speaker  09:50
chance. Can you just let that? No, I'm innocent.

Matthias Miller  09:57
Okay, so I. You can? You need to go. You need to set it up with, sorry, I'm still finding my stuff. I

Matthias Miller  10:31
Alright, so you can just the payments integration. Is that what we want? Knowledge on stripe.

Unknown Speaker  10:43
Is it stripe? You can

Matthias Miller  10:45
either use stripe, or you can use if your provider has go, this is what we're looking at, if you're if your provider has an authorized.net can use authorize.net

Unknown Speaker  11:01
so I think our provider was podium.

Matthias Miller  11:05
Okay, podium probably used stripe then. So, so you can use stripe. That's the easiest out of the box. I use deposit with a Y, and I can send you a link to that, okay? And they'll negotiate rates, and they'll walk you through the process of getting that connected, okay? And I think basically, as soon as that's connected, you should be able just to create payment links. Okay, so there's, I'm sending these now, there's those guys,

Matthias Miller  11:46
and then see, and then did You have? Let's see, let's go back to this. So are you making any progress with my shed?

Speaker 1  12:07
This is awful. Are you ready for this? Yes. So I wrote to Carl a couple times, and I was like, so Well, first I put my all into Google Drives, links, pricing like I took photos of, like, if it was a classic wood door, I took a picture of an actual classic wood door on a shed they had, like, the measurements, the the colors that it comes in. I did the same thing with like, shed styles. So they had CAD drawings for all of these standard models. And it is literally so I've gone back and forth with him, and he keeps saying, Oh, yep, like, it's fixed. They're all fixed. They we don't even offer metal buildings in all of the siding, the standard siding on these 3d builders, like the design tool they have are metal. The sheds don't look literally anything like our sheds. So then this last time around, I was like, listen, like, I really only, the only thing I don't like about idea room is like, pricing and that they have, like, like you weren't able to purchase outright, like you couldn't purchase it after You build it and I was like, so I really need you, like, I sent them to the link to our current 3d builder. And our current three builder, I can design a shed, and then when the guys build it, and I hold up the 3d design, it looks identical, yeah. And they are not at all like that. So I had reached out to idea rum, and I was like, listen, like, I'm I'm contemplating going elsewhere like this. This seems really pricey. We don't even do a lot of business in the main winters. And so I negotiated the rate, the monthly rate, with them to stay, yep, and they're in a beta now. So for them, for customers to design their shed and then purchase it online, okay? And he turned that on for me like to just test it, yeah, so I did it on Saturday, and two people that designed their sheds bought their sheds on Saturday. You are

Matthias Miller  14:39
kidding me, that is awesome. Isn't that crazy? So here's what you should do. And I don't know if you want, if you want to set it up. We can look at me setting it up for you if you want, but you should see if idea room supports a web hook, a web hook, because you can set up a web hook, what you do is you set up an automation in. In, in go high level, where the trigger is a web hook, and then use and it gives you a link. You send that link over to idea room and have them have that trigger, and then you can set up automation to have all your leads coming into high level. Yeah, I would love to do that. And that's, I mean, yeah. And that's the kind of thing you should be able to figure out. I'm happy to help out if you need to. But okay, yeah. And they might even, they might even be able to help you on your end. As far as you know, they should have experience integrating with high level and some

Speaker 1  15:34
Yeah. So the person that I talked to, I didn't have a ton of time when I was on the phone with them, and my main goal was to negotiate, to negotiate the price. But he was like, yeah, like, just give us a call back. Or, like, sketch, there's, like, a thing where I can, like, request support and, like, schedule a time. And he's like, we can, we can go over whatever you need. Because I told them I switched from podium. And they were like, Yeah, we, like, we have a couple of shed manufacturers that work with go high level and we can. And then he told me to, like, get a list together of what I want it to be able to, like, do back and forth and and honestly, that's what the my shed was gonna do. Right? You

Matthias Miller  16:17
don't have a production management but they were,

Speaker 1  16:27
and didn't you get the vibe that they were, like, going to be really helpful, and this was going to be great?

Matthias Miller  16:31
No, it wasn't just the vibe. They said, We're serious. We've lost trust in the past. We're willing to do whatever it takes to get your business. And so if you haven't, I'm inclined. I wouldn't be scared. I don't know what you want to do. I wouldn't be scared. Sending Matthew an email personally, saying, Look, Heather's having trouble. I don't know if you know this is overstepping. Solid. No, not at all. Heather's having trouble implementing and is thinking about going in a different direction. You guys told us you're going to bend over backwards to make it work. That's not what she's expected. That's not what she's experiencing. Do you like, I wanted to raise this to you at an owner level, in case you want to do something about it. Yeah.

Speaker 1  17:10
And, you know, I think that's a great idea. Like, I've had emails, like, typed out, and then I'm like, does that sound awful, but it's just so frustrating. Like, it's literally four to seven days in between emails,

Matthias Miller  17:21
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  17:23
and then, and then, no, we get nowhere.

Matthias Miller  17:28
You should. I don't think it's too much. I don't know. I don't know when to play, play the bad guy card, but what i i

Matthias Miller  17:43
Yeah, I had a conversation with both of them. Matthew was really interested in getting me on their team because my experience and expertise and stuff. Yeah, they could use it, but like they're talking about the pace of development that they're doing, but it's, it's, and they've got some kind of amazing feature that they can't talk about, that's supposed to be coming out, but, like, it's not, they are totally losing customers in the back end because, and it's been a, it's been an ongoing problem, like, there's nobody, even with Carl, It seems to me like a little bit like, yeah, I don't know who's managing who I don't know. Yeah, this stuff is going sideways. Yeah, it's not, it's not a tightly run ship,

Speaker 1  18:31
yeah. And I don't know if, like, too many chefs in the kitchen are like, what's going on, but I was like, trying to swap over to make my life easier, to save money to but honestly, like it's not here. Let me show you what these lovely buildings look like. And I know this sounds awful too, but they were supposed to send me like a deposit link for onboarding, and they never did.

Matthias Miller  19:04
That's weird. All

Unknown Speaker  19:13
right, hold on.

Unknown Speaker  19:21
Okay. Do you see this?

Speaker 1  19:28
Yep, like the Quaker and again, they had these drawings.

Matthias Miller  19:41
Well, that's not, it's not even 3d

Unknown Speaker  19:45
right? Well,

Matthias Miller  19:47
kind of, I guess it's like the angle,

Speaker 1  19:49
but like, we don't offer these, these windows, they haven't added the windows that we do offer. I like one, as far as to like, I. Getting them, the, not PEX codes, but the, you know, the color codes, yeah, and nothing, and then, like, this is the, the true story. Which is not at all what our two story looks like,

Matthias Miller  20:31
so you don't actually have any money out right now.

Unknown Speaker  20:38
No, no, isn't that crazy?

Matthias Miller  20:43
That's weird.

Speaker 1  20:49
And I was like, gonna say something, but like, after the first time that, he was like, Yep, it's all set. And I went in and I was like, That is not all set, no, but I have no money to them right now. Well,

Matthias Miller  21:05
I mean, no reason to play hardball, but there's also no reason to give them money, right? Wow.

Unknown Speaker  21:14
It just seems crazy.

Matthias Miller  21:22
All right, Michelle,

Speaker 1  21:25
I don't know. I honestly like, I mean, I think it's important for for Matt to know, like, why I'm dipping, but at the same time, like, I don't know if he could do anything to make me go, You know what? I mean, right?

Matthias Miller  21:43
Well, I mean, it's just,

Unknown Speaker  21:48
if you

Matthias Miller  21:51
if he had, if he had been up front and said, This is an extremely bumpy process. We really wish we could get it out in four weeks, but it's going to be 90 days, right? But to say that you're going to bend over backwards, that's kind of where, and I feel like much the same way, because he's a great sales guy. He sold exactly what we what we were looking for. Just couldn't deliver on

Speaker 1  22:15
it. And or, or send the invoice for deposit,

Matthias Miller  22:19
or send the invoice for the deposit. And I don't know there's something wrong about a company if, yeah, aren't in place to Bill.

Unknown Speaker  22:33
So, like, this is our, our two story. And like, the Quaker, you know what I mean. Not

Matthias Miller  22:48
familiar enough with what you're really I should pull that up on on the on idea ramp.

Speaker 1  23:01
And it's like, those are literally our pine doors. Like it's just so bizarre. I don't know

Matthias Miller  23:16
that's crazy. Well, I um, all right, oh, God,

Speaker 1  23:35
oh, okay, so I was gonna see so on go high level I did, and I was literally just like, I'm not a pro, obviously, but I like created these opportunities. So like, order confirmed, started build complete schedule for delivery. Yep. And then I think that I set it up to like, automatically send the text saying, like, those would be under workflows, right?

Matthias Miller  24:14
Yeah, under automation, either automation or workflow, automation, yeah. Or when you move it into that stage, it sends the it

Unknown Speaker  24:24
sends the text Exactly.

Matthias Miller  24:29
And so the main thing that you could do, if you wanted to give order status then, is look up the, you know, see if you can tell it to look up the contact. And if it's in this and, and what I mean, you just say, to figure out, you know, just look at the opportunity status, open opportunity, and look at the opportunity status and tell them the status of their shed, yeah. And that's, that's what I meant by the manual thing. I mean, if you're creating opportunities like this and moving them across and. Success and all that. The only other thing on the opportunity status, which I don't know if you want to do, but a lot of people will create opportunities at the point that you have the first conversation with them, at a minimum, sometimes even before, but at a minimum of the first conversation, so that you can then track

Unknown Speaker  25:21
like the ones that are like converted, converted

Matthias Miller  25:23
you track like the two close rates that are important to track are, I mean, you want to track close rates of overall leads. But really the way, the way that I think about it, is people you have look at total leads and then look at number of conversations, and anybody you can have a conversation with, is a qualified lead from a marketing perspective, right? And then, if you can sell them, the real thing in terms of sales ability is, how many people that you have can have a conversation with? Can you actually close on a building, right? And having those two metrics really helps. Obviously, it's not always clear cut every place, but if you have a whole bunch of people that you can't get a hold of, marketing says, No, but we're delivering leads for you know, whatever it is, right? You can, you got a way to kind of hold their feet to the fire and say, look, but we have to be able to talk to to our leads, or they're not good leads.

Speaker 1  26:19
Yeah. So now Mike's in a fight with Mike's going back and forth with local IQ. I had to go to the bank and stop payment because they continued to Bill our account like they will just not. And I'm like, so now I don't know if, like, there has to be a way for me to get control over,

Matthias Miller  26:44
over your ads account, yeah, yeah. I mean, let's go take a look and see if we can.

Unknown Speaker  26:54
So I don't know if, I

Matthias Miller  26:59
mean, the question really comes down to whether, if they're the admin of the account, there might not be a good way to do it, right? That would be the scary thing, because your business listing would be,

Speaker 1  27:20
yeah, so we have access to our business listing.

Matthias Miller  27:23
Okay, do they have access to that? I

Unknown Speaker  27:27
don't think so. Hold on. Let me share this.

Matthias Miller  27:38
Okay, can you go into ads.google.com, yeah.

Matthias Miller  27:52
Ads with an S, Oh, right. And then sign in.

Unknown Speaker  28:15
Yeah, I literally haven't known my email password, yeah,

Matthias Miller  28:52
okay, and then let's think Just try going back to looks like you're in you

Unknown Speaker  29:03
try to click on,

Matthias Miller  29:05
try, try, go back to the Google Ads tab and refresh. There's another or yeah ads dot google again or something. I

Matthias Miller  29:25
Let's do There you go, Oh, you have to enable to step, okay, scroll, yeah. There you go. Turn it on and your phone numbers and whatever you want to use. I

Unknown Speaker  29:45
do I need to pick another one?

Matthias Miller  29:47
Nope, looks like that. Did it?

Matthias Miller  29:56
Okay and All right, let's go back to the Google ads.

Matthias Miller  30:05
All right, that's from March. Can we your says the account is

Speaker 1  30:15
paused? Yeah, so I think because I was attending Google ads before I signed on with local IQ. Okay, so are they two separate accounts?

Matthias Miller  30:28
Maybe it's not giving you an option to switch right when you were giving trying to give Jonathan access. What process did you use to do that?

Speaker 1  30:44
So I sent him my local IQ login.

Matthias Miller  30:50
Got it.

Matthias Miller  31:02
Oh, these guys are, I'm

Matthias Miller  31:20
I don't even know if they'll give you your look like you.

Unknown Speaker  31:33
I'm sorry one second for sure, I

Speaker 1  31:45
Yeah, so look now it's not even letting me fucking log in,

Matthias Miller  31:50
because click payment or No, I don't know. Oh, there it is.

Unknown Speaker  31:56
Oh, good.

Matthias Miller  32:00
I'm going to guess that they've got a Google, a private Google Ads account on the back end that they're never going to give

Unknown Speaker  32:10
and then I noticed that they on our website that's not even our phone number.

Matthias Miller  32:18
Yeah, it's some kind of call tracking. So basically, the way it works, I don't know if it's Google or another service, but the way call tracking works is it'll swap out the phone number with a custom phone number so that if somebody calls from your website that they can track it. Okay, yeah. I mean, I don't know. I'm gonna guess just unless you gave them access,

Speaker 1  32:56
yeah, and I don't think that I did,

Matthias Miller  33:01
so I'm going to guess they set up a Google Ads account on the back end. And I'm going to guess if they did that, they're never going to I could be wrong, but just making some assumptions about how they operate, I'd be surprised if you could get access to that

Matthias Miller  33:22
analytics. Ad Group. I mean, you could go up to campaigns, maybe for campaign overview. You

Matthias Miller  33:45
Facebook website retargeting, Target, Display Network,

Speaker 1  33:54
and then when they're like, retargeting, it to Facebook the ads, like it said, instead of wide range, like a wide range variety, it said road rage. I'm literally like, what the hell?

Matthias Miller  34:17
Well,

Speaker 1  34:20
when I get off with you, I'll call them and, like, see if I can't talk to a supervisor.

Matthias Miller  34:27
Yeah, I Yeah, all right, you can see me get access to those things. I'd be surprised if you could. I'm gonna guess that's behind the lock and key. And when you cancel, they're not gonna let you have any of the ads or anything like, you know, anything like that, you'll start from scratch. Okay,

Speaker 1  34:48
so how would I this? Is pause. I don't even know. How do you end this? Like,

Matthias Miller  34:58
what's. Not charging anything right now. Okay, so

Speaker 1  35:03
running, yeah, okay, so I'm gonna send this then to his name's John, right?

Matthias Miller  35:10
Jonathan, yeah, and yeah,

Speaker 1  35:14
okay, that's what I'll do. And I'll just explain that, just to double check

Matthias Miller  35:20
go to the Admin tab down the bottom, the little gear icon, or Yeah, there you go. And then go to access and security. Let's just see if there's anybody else on Yep. And then go to managers. All right, yeah. Nobody. Nobody else got this, which is what you expect, and send up this and start building out the campaigns. Okay,

Speaker 1  35:51
sweet, that's what I'll do. Such a closer, I feel like every time I turn around lately, I'm like, not getting something right.

Matthias Miller  36:01
Well, I mean, yeah, it's not entirely your fault. I mean, I think local IQ is definitely prioritizing. They have a business model that they like, and they're very aggressive with it, and the shareholders like it, and it's also why a lot of people get fed up with agencies. Like, Yep,

Speaker 1  36:27
I agree, sweet. Okay, well, did you say you've sent me that link for that? Mm, uh Oh, yeah. Deposit, II,

Matthias Miller  36:47
yeah. Deposit, okay, so I do get an affiliate. But what I would, I mean, I do get a whatever it's, it's an affiliate thing. But what I would do is just call them up and check their rates, okay, see what they could do for you. They're gonna have things like processing volume, and then they'll, they'll actually so the way it'll work is you'll have high, go high level, and then you'll have authorized.net and then on the back end, and then and then deposit helps manage the relationship between authorize.net and a back end processor. So they have this, this catalog of processors that they use, and they'll match you up based on, based on volume and average, average transaction and stuff like that. All right, cool. And like they for, for me, they set me up with, like, a, there's, it's, like, a monthly fee, and there's no per transaction fee, like there's anyway, it's, oh, really, I think it's pretty good deal, sure, beat stripe, but yeah, for you,

Speaker 1  37:51
I'll have to look into that before I just jump. Because right now, I'm just using QuickBooks, like Ach, I just send them a link in May. But you got those people that want to pay with a card? Yeah, exactly. Okay, cool. Well, I'm going to try to figure out this phone thing and then that payment thing, and then I'll reach out to idea run, yep. And then if I if I need anything that I don't know, I'll just reach out to you. Perfect. Well, I appreciate you. Yep.

Matthias Miller  38:27
Likewise, anything that you guys need support on, on your you guys's end, or you guys

Speaker 1  38:35
sailing along, sailing along. Yeah, we have one of our top guys, he's in the military, or he just got, he got back from Iraq, like, last year, but he was with us for like, seven years before that, and now he has to do like, his two week, like, reserve thing, and he's gone. Like, this is the second week he's gone. And I it really shows you what an asset he is while he's gone, like that guy can frame up walls in no time. Yep,

Matthias Miller  39:06
yeah, there's, there's another. I've got another client who hired a promoted, one of his sales people, he was in the military and promoted him to, like, a more of a management position. Yeah. I mean, there's some good skills that get

Speaker 1  39:23
developed, yeah, oh, I agree. Yeah, yeah, all right. All right. Sounds good. Well, I hope you have a great rest of your day. Yeah, yep, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai