Speaker 1  00:01
Okay, so here's another aspect to this whole thing of conversion and making the leap, that this, there's a few different parts to it but basically one of the things that you want to do is when you actually make the conversion when you make the leap from A to B you want that to be as simple as possible because, and with as little changes as possible because, because you already have mass confusion. Anytime that you're making that leap or you're making that change. And if you do that, while you're trying to problem solve, it's going to make everything quite more difficult. Here's an example. You know from the insertion point project, one of the things that happened recently was that there was a bug in insertion point. Skipping, and where it would sometimes just do the wrong thing with insertion points that was causing some really bizarre behavior. So rather than trying to work around it while, while I was migrating from the old to the new isolated it

Unknown Speaker  01:00
identified where the problems existed,

Speaker 1  01:01
and then fixed to those problems. So that, so that, you know, to avoid that, that way that problem only existed during that migration.

Unknown Speaker  01:12
This could also apply with,

Unknown Speaker  01:14
you know, when you're doing

Speaker 1  01:17
when you're making organizational changes if you have a broken system. You may actually want to fix those broken systems before the migration happens now in terms of succession planning. One of the things that's important is that is that the cleaner that you can get the job role before the transfer the, the more likely the success and the easier the transfer will be trying to fix processes as another person is taking over is a recipe for disaster because not only are they learning in the process and not only is there the chaos and the change of the turnover itself, but then you add the competitive problem is some of these processes that were in place may have been broken previously.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai