Speaker 1  00:00
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Planet Perry. And we have a very special guest for you today, you're going to really like this guy. He's got a lot of sharp tips and observations for you today. But first, Brian is up, catching up with the latest news. So Brian,

Speaker 2  00:22
hey, great to have you on. It's great to be here with Perry. And, Paul, you're gonna learn about Paul in just a second. But I want to welcome you, and especially welcome if you're brand new to new Renaissance club. And today, I actually want to draw your attention to our most recent newsletter. And if you haven't read the newsletter, then you need to, when the webinar is over, you need to go find it, put it on your desk and read it. It talks about it. Well, the title is Ada Central's of planet Perry. And covers essentials one through three, there are eight, but we're just doing one through three. And there really is nothing more foundational that you are ever going to read from us. This is some really, really important stuff about marketing. And we are devoting multiple newsletters to this. You know, you're here today. And there are a lot of places you could be in a lot of groups you could be a part of, but you're here with planet Perry. And that is really important. And what is in that newsletter is why you are part of planet Perry. And it's stuff that you're not going to get from anyone else. on pages five and six. There's there's this little bit by Megan Macedo. And she talks about what happens when you don't fit in, particularly when you're with a group of business people or marketing people and you don't fit in. She was in a situation like that a couple of years ago, and she reached a conclusion that in a peculiar way, you could actually split the world up into two kinds of entrepreneurs, not just one and not 30. But actually two, and she discovered that most people she was around were entrepreneur type one, but she was entrepreneur type two, and it didn't mean she was any less of an entrepreneur, it just meant she was like two. And so what do you do when you're a tight to entrepreneur, but all of the advice and all the counsel that you're getting is from type one, people, there can be real conflict there. And you could be like, you know, I don't fit in something. Something's not right here. So what do you do? Well, in the newsletter, Megan, a little piece that Perry quotes, Megan explains what those two types are, she tells you what to do about it. And that's on pages five and six, in the most recent news newsletter. So after the webinar, make sure you go look it up in the newsletter, if you haven't already. It's very, very valuable. And again, we are devoting more than one newsletter to this because of how important it actually is. So newsletters just one of the great things that you get as part of your membership. We do other activities like forum day with Perry, where would usually on a Friday, where he's hanging out in the forum, giving very valuable one to one answers to your questions. We do monthly topic, topical webinars just like this one, we announced regular call in days with Perry. And so you can watch your inbox for those. We have our forum, which is a Google group. And if you have strategic marketing decisions that you have to make, or you need an opinion on this kind of service, or that kind of software, or you're brand new, and you're like what direction Should I pursue here, then the forum is a great place to go. And just such good activity in the forum in recent weeks. I look forward to logging in every morning and seeing what new stuff is going on there. There's a really good deal for you, if you're not familiar with it already, our new Renaissance 12 is a chance for you to get an entire year of new Renaissance club for only 10 months of the price, and you can get special discounts on other products and promotions and so on. And it's a really good deal. So check that out at Perry Marshall at comm slash new hyphen Renaissance. And this smiling gentleman is Paul Begum. And Perry can tell you a little about Paul, but Paul's going to be talking about raising $1.3 billion with direct mail. And Paul Hales to you today. He's in Austin, Texas, but I believe home for Paul is in Dallas, where football season is in full swing. And

Unknown Speaker  04:56
so

Unknown Speaker  04:59
there you go. And Paul,

Speaker 1  05:02
you guys are up. Yeah. So Paul, Paul is one of our advanced mastery network members. And I know him from another mastermind group as well. And he has raised more money for Israel than anybody except the State of Israel itself. And he has raised that money with direct mail. He's a world class expert on direct mail, you would be hard pressed to find anybody that knows more about direct mail than Paul. And he's very knowledgeable about all kinds of aspects of marketing. I had a potential client that needed some direct mailer work, and I was referred to Paul as being an ideal person to talk to. And in so you've got a really stellar individual he. And so Paul is going to talk to you about marketing lessons that apply both in direct mail and universally across disciplines in media. So Paul, welcome. I'm glad to have you here today. Thank you for coming.

Speaker 3  06:16
Thank you, Perry. So it's good to be in your presence and on your program today and and to receive your newsletter. The newsletters are great, I always learned something every time I read them. They're fun to receive and get different perspectives and and particularly the with Megan's article on the entrepreneur, and I consider myself an artist, entrepreneur. And she has quite a good insight about there is a different way of perceiving things as an artist entrepreneur, rather than the other time. So that's fun. And hopefully, we'll communicate a few of those things today, when we talk about direct mail and getting the opportunity to raise $1.3 billion

Speaker 1  06:57
will tell us about your art in your craft. And how did this happen? Well start start from the beginning and and take us on the journey.

Speaker 3  07:08
Wow, that's a interesting thing. I think when I look back on all of my business, and actually even my first entrepreneurial effort, which was love would have been in the second or third grade where I organized a group of my buddies to go around and collect coke bottles. And we would take the coke bottles down and sell them that's when they had deposits on coke bottles, and sell them turn them into the store and you get where was Nicole deposit. And then we would split the rewards with soda pop in a Snickers or bubble gum or whatever it was. And so that was that was my earliest view of entrepreneurial activity. And I think, you know, Perry and I talked about genes and generations being passed down in my great Actually, my grandfather was an entrepreneur and I didn't really know this till after he passed away passed away when he was like 96 and I would have been five, six years old, so I didn't really knowing well. But he was a he was a Texas rancher. So I hail from a a heritage of Texas ranchers. Although it's not quite the giant movie with Rock Hudson, Elizabeth Taylor and James Dean type. ranchers, Texas ranchers, its river bottom ranchers, and what river bottom ranchers are the people who couldn't afford any other land. And so they could only buy the land down in the river bottoms. And the reason that river bottom land was so cheap, is it would flood every year. And that was before they had flood controls here in Texas not too far from where I am today, here in Austin. And you couldn't build a house, you couldn't build far fields or any kind of crops on it, because it would always flood and wash away. So they, some people found out that you could put cattle, that particular part of the creek bed, and they would thrive. And they were very wild because they were so far down into the woods. But it was a great place to to raise cattle. And so my grandfather raised a family of eight and I have a couple of receipts from some when we were going through a bunch of stuff when when an aunt actually passed away his daughter, my aunt, and found some receipts where he had bought land for like $1 an acre, I think he got some really expensive land, there was one for $10 an acre. And so my my grandfather bought this land and found a way to take basically unusable land and turn it into a resource. And so I think there's some genetic entrepreneurial activities that go up through the line. And then from there, went to school, I got some degrees and stuff and went into retail at a high school and learn to sell on the floor and I was part department manager. And then I was a buyer who's in men's clothing, retail clothing, our chapter marks, which is there not too far from you, Perry and Chicago is where HSM started, and learned a lot about consumer behavior there and then had a chance to work as a marketing director for Christian camp and Conference Center. And I did that for eight years and learn more about working with people. And then I took that account and set up my own agency. And that was 35 years ago. And ever since then I've been working in direct response and consumer behavior. And a lot of that has been direct mail. And we we do online as well. We do a lot of online. But the main thing that we have done because we have such a good client to respond to the the their their donor base responds very well to direct mail. So we've had the privilege of getting to build systems that went from when we started with them Perry they were $5 million in their their annual budget. So that was 22 years ago. So we've been with them for 22 years, sorry about the noise. So 22 years ago, so we've worked with them from $5 million annual budget to last year, they're 130 $6 million budget, and over a period of time, we've raised 1.3 billion for them. And then we've had some other clients that we raise some more money. So totally, we're a little over $1.5 billion that we raised over the last 20 plus years or so that I that I know of a capsule, I can add a few.

Speaker 1  11:38
That's, that's pretty good. That that is that is pretty good. So, um, well. So you know why? Why didn't you help us understand what's so powerful about direct to meal? What is it particularly good at? Like I was just talking about guy about 15 minutes ago, who does lead generation for a high end service. And we we talked for about 10 minutes about adding a direct mail step to the lead generation process. Did you follow up like he, he had a question of Okay, he everybody thinks we're all the same. We're not all the same. The cheap guys have all these problems that we don't create. And it's much better to spend a few hundred extra bucks. How do I communicate that? And I said, Well, how about you overnight, a little book to them, that explains your whole story. And right now they're just talking them on the phone and doing online? And so like, yeah, maybe literally 20 minutes ago, I was having that conversation. So talk to me about direct mail. And then of course, plow forward with anything that you want to

Unknown Speaker  13:01
any stories that you want to tell.

Speaker 3  13:03
Okay, no definitely did it. And interesting that you made it short, because I was just at lunch before I came in and got set and someone was asking me about fundraising and

Speaker 3  13:13
talking about online and this and that the other as to where you might want to consider adding a direct mail component. And of course, it was well that's too expensive, and nobody's doing direct mail. And it's old and online is the place to go and get the new, younger people. And that's what they're responding to. And I said well did all of what you say has has some merit to it. And there's some other things you might want to consider. And that is last year in this particular client that they were talking about. They raised hundred and $36 million last year, and 15 million of that came online. So 50 million is nice. That's that's a nice number, you can do a lot with $50 million dollars. But in direct mail, we did 82 million. So 15 million to 82 million, the bigger number. So it's still a very viable means and medium of raising funds and actually have anything. And we'll go into that it how it transfers into other areas, not just into fundraising on that area. And it's what, actually before it's about constituency development, but I wanted to just a quick thing while wellness on the page here want to there are some interesting that my cursor can be seen by everybody. There are a couple of artistic things and visual things that I'll talk about as we go through. And and the title here is specifically how direct mail can raise $1.3 billion for you. And frequently, you'll see titles that would say something like how you can raise $1.3 billion on this area. And the reason that I changed this over the SMP, you're really good about this in your copywriting is that we know that people are lazy, and they don't want to do anything. So when you say how you can raise $1.3 billion, that puts the onus on them to have to go through the the effort, but when you change it to how direct mail can raise for you, and it takes all the effort away from the person. So that's one of the key things that we've developed and to understand. As we go through direct mail, and how to do our copy the antenna works online, as well as it doesn't direct mail. So it talks about constituency development. So all of what we have done raises funds or communicates to a buyer or voter or someone else is really based on constituency development. And this is building the relationship between the head of an organization and in his or her constituency. And this is where I mentioned where we went from $5 million in annual budget 236 million, over 22 years. And it really all focused on that core principle of how do we develop the relationship between the head of the organization and his or her constituency. So some people just say, Well, what the constituency is not a normal everyday term that most people use. And I like to call it it's a group of people or entities with a common connection, interest or affiliation. And the reason I say entities is it could be a group of churches, it could be a group, the National plumbers Association, all the members there, or it could be affiliates, like the Red Cross, or the Big Brothers, Big Sisters club or something. So it's any group or connection or assembly that have some common interest. constituency types will be like donors, which is what we work with a lot. We also work with customers, prospects, members, advocates, and votes, not quite voters, but you're trying to get votes. And even a board of directors is a constituency and how you develop a relationship with them. Certainly with alumni with an organization subscribers that many of us have. And it all comes down to this one principle. And I've got a trademark because I believe this is mine. I haven't seen anyone else come up with this. And certainly one that I use and I created maybe and someone had mentioned it to me. But at this point I'm I claim it's mine. And all of our all of our marketing that we do, whether it's online or offline, is we work on this principle make it easy for people or entities to do what they already want to do. So a lot easier when you work this way find out what they want to do, and then set up a structure that makes it easier for them to do. And when we do that a couple of things that we focus on and all of our not only our text, but the visual presentation. And I'll go through a little the visual presentation as we get into a couple of examples I have here in just a little bit is to make it very clear, make it real, relevant, familiar. And consistent in their little side point on familiar, you want to have all of your direct mail look similar, not the same, but similar. And the reason for that is when something comes in the mailbox, a consumer vote or member, whatever it is, whatever the constituency is, they want to know is there fully through the mail? Is this something I already know about? Or is this something I have to rethink and understand and make a decision if I want to open this or not. So again, make it easy for people to do what they already want to do. So if there's a relationship, I want to keep a common Look, a common visual theme, and maybe even a common text and copy theme going through. But I don't want to make it so similar that it looks like the reader would say, oh, I've already read this before. So there's a tension between the familiar and the the pre existing on that. So again, consistency for that visual have to have some type of a visual interest, reliable, and I even like enjoyable, I think direct mail and online as well. But direct mail has to be enjoyable has to be a fun element to it, so that it's not boring, and so it doesn't

Speaker 3  18:52
look like it's work. And that's what we want to avoid. So I'm gonna show you some a couple of examples. But these are the things that we've used to build and relationship, certainly the appeal letters, we send those out at least once a month, sometimes twice a month. I'm one of the king of the mailers. And the reason I am is because it works, it just continues to work. So we'll do one to two appeals. And I'll show you what an appeal is. And just a few minutes, we do a newsletter. We do acknowledgement letters, which are the thank you letters, and intro series, which believe it or not, funnels didn't exist. First, the intro series and direct mail existed before funnels that just call them intro series where they were funnels, affinity groups, those are clubs were at self identified segments, where we give them a name and a visual book. And certain benefits that go along with that. magazines, gifs books, even plates, and calendars are some things that you use. So this is the newsletter, and the only reason color the newsletters that none of us have ever been able to come up with a better expression for it. And it's not about money news. But these particular publications are This one happens to be eight pages. And that's the ideal number of pages to have is that they're really a series of five to eight mini appeals MINI small appeals that have an indirect ask or indirect call to action in it. So it's not about news, it's about affirmations about confirmation. It's about appreciation of what the donor is done. And this particular one, when we have a mid Gaza terror attacks, the fellowship is preparing winter aid for elderly families, for the elderly and families. And then this text we talked about the need we talked about where the donors money is going we demonstrated we've done what we said we were going to do with the money. There's as much buyer beware and buyer remorse and fundraising and just don't remorse is dead, I make a good decision did I did the money that I gave you to go to where they said it was going to go to just get wasted all of those indecision points and concern points that we have as buyers. It works the same same way on donors, and it does on members and voters and everybody else. So this is a newsletter. And this does it particularly well. I'll tell a quick story. With the appeals when we first started the appeals with this particular organization, their large and appeal is as a letter that goes out once a month or more. Ideally, once a month, sometimes some people mail last. And it will tell what the needs are and give the donor an opportunity to respond if they want to. And their largest the largest dependent that they had was $17,000. For the like a three month collection $17,000. Today we're bringing in 1.3 to $2.1 million per appeal letters, we've gone from a $17,000 start to have to a 2.1 I think I we did a $2.3 million appeal once. And then I added this newsletter, this is one of the things that we added as we went along. And the newsletter will generate between 1.1 and about $1.8 million in addition to the 1.8 or the 2.1 or $2.3 million that the pillars coming up. So it didn't cannibalize the fund at all. It picked up additional funds through this. So when they went from $17,000, the total income that they had, at one point. And now so you do let me just do some quick math. Do let's just say 1.5 1.5 is 3 million into appeal letters. And we do a newsletter, which is 1.3. So what's at $3.3 million coming in verse in a month, versus $17,000 that this organization used to bring in a couple of the other things that we use to build a relationship and the engagement and the appreciation acknowledgement. The donor is we did calendars. And this is a 12 month calendar. This particular one is about Israel, this organization that I'm commenting on is called the International fellowship of Christians and Jews. It's run by an orthodox rabbi, and 99% of the people on the file or evangelical Christians. So a nice mix of the Orthodox Jewish faith in the Christian faith. And it's all about the support of Israel, Genesis 1230, I will bless those who bless you, Israel and Christian commission Christian community, who believes in Israel and wants to support Israel. So this is how we take basic marketing. If this were tires, or this were oil changes, or plumbing, or

Speaker 3  23:44
football shoes, or whatever it is same principle Mark principles of marketing it used for those items, we just pulled them over and put them into fundraising. There's a very narrow niche that they fill in. But the same precepts and disciplines, all work in fundraising as they do and marketing. So this is building the relationship. And what we did a little side story on this particular publication is we used to do with it and they these come out best in August, June, the end of July, and the early part of August, we through testing, can we test this just like a test any other marketing activity, we tested and found that calendars do better four months to six months ahead of the change versus doing account on calendar in December, January. And we used to do these where we would have September is the starting date. And that added another four months. So that's to another 16 pages. And we tested just doing 12 months, and still mailing them out in July actually we did in September. And they were just as well as doing I September to December to finish out the year and then read the 12 months around. So we cut some costs on there, we got basically the same response. And then we kept testing and backing it up from September to August in August to the end of July, which is if you probably get everybody's listening probably gets a bunch of calendars in their mail. And if you'll notice, that's when calendar start to come out is Andy joy and, and there are a couple of us who keep the mail calendars and we keep adding it further and further back into the year. So we've gotten to September to August to July. And maybe at some point, we'll even try June, try and test on that. But it's it's gotten to be who can get their calendar out first, and we're doing up to a million calendars going out. So there's quite a competition between the two of us. And another part of what we did is that we found if we put a bind in or an order low, because I call it a little bind down inside that has an opportunity for someone to give that people will respond to those those tear out envelopes that are in there. And it's actually did

Speaker 3  26:01
about $400,000 in additional funds on top of what this calendar will do by itself. And we mail it in a closed space. Although we found if we do that, we tried it in a plastic bag tested out against a closed space carrier, it's actually called a rappers really in our novel. And the rapper, the unload worked better. And we put a letter in as a cover letter, dear donor, thank you for what you've done. Here's another opportunity if you'd like to bless Israel and the people who are in need. And there's a response device in it, and we put a business reply envelope inside. And there was another test that we did. And we found that that worked. And then we had to start with we only had one binding envelope. And then we got really interesting, we added a second one. And we went to four. And that worked even better. And we said well, if that works, why don't we try six up. So we have six bindings and which really covers there any other pages putting additional NZ on and it just did very well continues to do well. So another part of marketing, you keep testing, put in, build a relationship, give them an opportunity to do what they want to do, and you make it easy for them to do what they already want to do. So a couple things they did there. A magazine. Now this is where we put all the newsy things. And so in the newsletter I mentioned before, it's not our newsletter, it's really five to eight, many years small appeals. And the newsletter is huge in the magazine, this is where all the news goes all the awards all of the the events all over what's going on in there. And we have found that we can, we can get a two to one return on a magazine. These are much slower response and, and funding opportunities. Usually it's about our breakeven and most people who have magazines, I think most that most that I know, don't even break even with the magazine, we were able to get up to, I think we did 2.5 2.6 ROI on a magazines and quite a variety and put some interesting stories in there, we put some plan giving opportunities in there and try to include a lot of things that the donor would be interested in. So we also do books. This is a book I helped publish, I edited this it was my concept I came out with the stories that they go in through This is Rabbi XA. And I came up the stories I edited for him. And actually we we talked to him about his heartbeat for what he wanted. And I'm a writer and I wrote the stories and then I edited from there. And this was given as a premium. So this is an appreciation that gift that we send out to their major donors. And then I mentioned earlier about the affinity groups. And so on the right side, this is a six by nine carrier. And on the left side, these are the three pans. So these are merit pans. This is called patriarch fellowship of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob from the Bible. And the Jacob on the right is, if you've been a consistent donor for three years, then you get this pan. And then you go to Isaac, if you've been a consistent donor for five years, without missing giving for any of that period, you get that pan. And then if you're seven years or more, you get the Abraham pan. And we took this group, this is a longevity group. This is an affinity group. And this particular one is a longevity group. And this is how we kept the engagement going, a typical dollar will stay on the file three to five years, somewhere in that range. Three and a half is probably an average, if you can keep the relationship going, which again is the constituency development. Keep the relationship going and you can exceed the five years but not not too much. So that's about the life of the donor. So what we wanted to do is to find a way to engage the donor, appreciate the donor, confirm what the donor is done to keep him on the phone longer. So we'd have to go back and get new donors to come on here. This is a kid that I developed longevity. And when we started this program, we had about 8000 people out of

Speaker 3  30:11
at that point, I think is around 350,000 active donors that they had. So we had about 8000 people who we sent out what's called a nice thing and an inviting package a uniting packages where they already pre qualified. So they've already given three years in a row. So when we started, we said hey, we're going to night to in as a as a Jacob. And then if they hadn't qualified, we would invite them in and say, Hey, here are the the parameters for being a member of this organization, we give three years you give in two years ago, one year, so we want to invite you and to do this, and then people respond. And as they would give them they wouldn't move up into the area. So with starting at 8000 people, today, we have over 100,000 people in this program. And that's that's just good mean, that's just good marketing, when you start with a group of 8000 people who normally give three and a half years. And now we have 100,000 people who have given and we're up to 21 year, we have a 21 year card now. So we have a membership card that goes with this, and we have a break. So there's a 10 year car, there's a 15 year card, and there's a 20 year car, it's just like it's like in a hotel or an airline or some other affinity program, you know, the more you stay, the more you fly that you get elevated into the program. So we developed the same concept. So for my three and a half year norm, norm, staying on a file we're now Now not all 90,000 are staying 22 years, but we have people who are on the file for over 20 years. Now that's that's just great. And one of the things that we did you see the little foil sticker, that's the menorah and the Star of David. And that was a test that we did to lift this package when we didn't have the sticker on there before. And we'd come up the concept. And on the inside there's there's a certificate that says, hey, you've been a member for eight years, or nine years or 13 years, 15 years of there, they're highly personalized, we segment these, and each of the segments has their own personalization. And so we have this surplus foil sticker gold foil sticker on the inside, that the donor pulls off of the reply device and puts onto their certificate. And it's the same principle that publishers Clearinghouse uses, you know, where you you pick off the which color Jaguar Do you want the green or the red Jaguar and you stick it on your your deal. And while you while you're at it, oh, I'll just do some magazine with some of those into. So it's about breaking inertia. Now, that's the whole concept. So we we brought that carried over into our concept. And we have this foil menorah that you pull off with a reply device and you stick it on to your certificate, your certification, you've been there. And it we found it, it increased the lift on the package. And then we try to only outside of the carrier. And that worked even better. So good, good direct mail, good consumer engagement, good donor relations on that. And some of the other things that we did, to go from $17,000 a month to 1.3 billion is we added personal visits, we have personal calls we call the people in and just check in with them. There's also a personal representative is something's not right with your account, if your name is misspelled, or whatever, you have someone that you can call in a personal number, private line you can call in. And we'll do Town Hall conference calls when we had or not what we had, but when there were wars going on in Israel, the Hamas war and the Hezbollah war, we had the rabbi get on a and only certain people, again, it was limited, there was a defined group that could be on it. And he would bring a field report of what was going on where the enemy was attacking the needs that were there. And you got to be part of this private group, or exclusive group that could get to hear from the rabbi who was over in Israel during the time that the war was going on. And bombs were falling everything going on. So that was the field reports that we did. And they would do dinners and the conferences, and then the prayer teams and the contact lines. Certainly pray for people is a big part of it. Radio, like don't really do the telethons but we do little quick, short teaching segments about things that someone can can listen into direct response TV. And this is another other side story on direct response TV, this is the source of our very best donors. Those who respond to Dr. TV far stay on the line longer than on the on the donor lines stay within the program, longer than any of the other donors, they're more engaged, they'll even give multiple times to the same program. They like to watch the program. And they'll give again to the same program. And they will capture the name obviously. And they go into the direct mail screen. And they're the ones that are

Speaker 1  35:22
see you're saying that info. infomercials, get people that are better donors, then the mail pieces do.

Speaker 3  35:33
Absolutely interesting. Yeah. Wow. Okay. And even even to the point just to show you my my marketing insight is that I was willing to give up my acquisition money that I do through direct mail acquisitions, like lead generation online, where we rent a list and we do it later, I'll show you two of those coming up. And we send those out, and then people who don't know about where we, or know about us from TV, they will respond. I said, I will give you my budget to buy more TV time to put more commercials on that you run in your department it was TV was not my my my agency's area of engagement. Because I know I'm getting better donors. And the better the donors Come on, the more they respond to the pills longer to stay on the line. So it's like, you know, throw me into the briar patch, you know, this is I'm going to give you all my budget over into your area, because you're going to bring me better than our donors on this. Unfortunately, Dr. TV is waned, and we don't have as many opportunities and as good channels. And that is it's not as strong as far as volume goes. But it's still as strong as it was in bringing better donors in. And so thanks for the break. And if I get to go into much, you interrupt me again there so that that's helpful. And then we do Legion online to the Legion, we do the banners on that. videos and video links, things these have not worked as well, the videos and the video links have not worked quite as well as direct mail has not completely sure why it is, as often say in marketing, and particularly in fundraising. But in marketing, we're really not in the white business, we're really in the black business. I don't really know why a lot of this works, I just don't walk works. And so I just try to do more of what works and try to do less of what doesn't work. But that's one of the things that we have found by testing is that the video and the links don't work as well. Now the two on the bottom, the prayer at the wall. And in the the wall of honor, these are two new engagement things that we came up with last year. And the prayer at the wall is something where we take the person's prayer, again, this is engagement. So getting the donor involved the customer, the constituent, getting them involved in the organization, and we send out an appeal. This is hey, if you'd like for us to take your prayer to the Western Wall in Jerusalem, we will go and pray for you at the wall. And we physically do I have I've carried

Unknown Speaker  38:00
six big

Speaker 3  38:01
plastic bags of prayer requests to the to the Wailing Wall or the Kotel as they say in Hebrew, but it's the Western Wall Oh the temple and prayed one at a time prayed and took me three days to finish praying for everybody that we had. But that's something we take your prayer physically to Israel, yet the the Western Wall which is the the Outer Image, so the limits of the old temple, and and do this activity there. And people love it. And I love it. I love having my prayers, prayed for it. The Worst of all, it's just a thing. God is everywhere. But But there's something about special that's really special about having a prayer wall. And then the wall of honor. Something that came up last year is we took every donor who responded to this particular appeal, we took their name, and we put it on long sheets. And we went into the office in Jerusalem with this organization has an office in Chicago, downtown, and an office in Jerusalem. And we put everybody there were 16,000 people who responded to this, we put every single person's name on sheets, and we line the wall we pay for the wall. And then we had a picture of the rabbi and his daughter and pointing out names on the wall and we send a confirmation photograph back to the donor saying here is your name on the wall in Jerusalem as one of the honored persons who are blessing Israel and making it Jerusalem and all of Israel and and in Jewish people need a better place and better cared for. So that was one we just we weren't sure if it's going to work. But it really worked and worked well. And so again, the things that we try to do, to recognize to respect and reward to appreciate acknowledging to affirm and to encourage, engage and entertain. And again, I think a lot of even in something as hard as humanitarian care still have good not to entertain us not fun and games and three ring circus and, and clowns with scoring flowers on their lapel, but it's engaging them into what they're doing. You engage visually engage, verbally engage with the stories you entertain with those where there's there's a joy in being a part of this, even though some of it it's really, really difficult stuff. And I'll talk about that in just a minute. And segmentation do a lot of customization where I mentioned some of that before. Again, we work off a recency frequency in the monetary. And this helps us to determine if we're going to do a close face personalize carrier, or if we're going to do a window dear friend carrier, and there's a cost consideration here. So like any other investment in marketing, if you're doing a launch or if you're doing any kind of a funnel work, you know, you got to make sure that your money is being returned. So we have found that these breakouts, these are the three that I've got 1500 to 10 thousand, that's a pretty good group 100 to 1000 those people basically will respond the same not exactly but basically the same. And then those are under $99 which is a penny to 9999 they respond as a group and then we do Chris the window carriers lyst expand the lack of personalization by doing dear friend that's a pre printed letter SOS expands and has a better ratio to the cost we're putting into it to the amount of money that we get back. So it's being a good steward of the funds and the resources. This is the deal. This is one of the stories I was telling you about. This is one of the package I've got two of them that I'm going to show you right quick here. And this is where we put a picture this is an actually actually was in the the I didn't personally take this photo but I was there the day that this photo was taken. And we were in the middle of Ukraine. I think it was five degrees when we started in somewhere below zero and we got snow snow pack or three hours outside of Kiev. horrible conditions to get out through she's a widow. I have on my lands in Micheline code with down and I'm shaking and she has on what she you see she has on here. And most of these whales, she happens to be a Holocaust survivor. Most of them exist on about one stick of wood a day into their little potbelly fire. We call it a fight it was not a fireplace, but there will heater it's in the room

Speaker 3  42:33
trying to create tragic stories. And this is how we do the stories you can see we put a little teaser at the top. Another picture of a Dale little CBOE is thank you and Ukrainian have a Johnson box up here. We have indented we do particularly short sentences, you can read it obviously here I'm going to show you a closer look on that. But that's the overall visual. It's a two page letter front and back to over to the we have an opportunity for a little note from the rabbi at the top, we say how you're gifted $242 and 40 cents can feed a hungry or elderly Jewish person for a day, give them an opportunity to do and the story period. This is what I sent you before. It's just just a heartbreaking story. But anyway, we describe that and that's another big key of direct mail. It is and all communications is relying on stories. And this is the actual story I wrote the story of what I experienced that day going into this sweet little lays, hobble, I guess is probably the best word of what it would describe where she lives. And you'll notice here this a little easier to see very short one sentence, two lines, I try to never do more than three lines per paragraph. Occasionally, as you see in the bowl face, I'll do a four if I just have to. But there I would do still have double indentions on the left a double in debt or another invention on the right hand occasionally a call out and we say $58 a month that's an anchor number. And I'll show you on the next page or come back and use that number again. So that's part of my my trial clothes represent a number here what it does, it will help and a state that there is a $50 a month number to do. And then at the bottom, the see a couple things we do see the brother paragraph, the last couple of words the last line Thanksgiving with your family comma, we it's incomplete. I was happy to see that Gary Halbert. One of the tapes that he does that I didn't learn that from somebody else, but always in the page for the reader has to go to the next page or the next paragraph wherever it is to complete the thoughts. So that's intentional. This is the bottom. And as you're seeing the PS down here, 123 lines from the bottom, there's that same $58 that we use. So again, another anchor point through there, it has an asking it very, very

Unknown Speaker  45:02
mute. Can you explain anchor points?

Speaker 3  45:06
Yes, it sets a precondition in the readers mind of what is normal. And they have no idea. I don't know if $2 week was that $2 and 40 cents, but they don't know if I should give $100 or $2. I don't want to embarrass myself either by giving too little, or I don't want to embarrass myself by giving too much. So we give a range that says if you give and you don't say it, but psychologically, if you give within this range, this is a comfortable place for you to be assured, again, back to buyer remorse or concern. So we get that anchor point of $58 is a good place to start. Because that's what most of these people live on. Every month they get $58 from the Government of Ukraine to exist on. So your $50 gift to this month will help someone survive for a whole month. See anchor point. Go through the gutter a little more. Is that that that work it?

Unknown Speaker  46:06
Yeah, that's good. Thank you. Yeah, so do

Speaker 3  46:09
that. And I don't know a lot of bold facing. But there's some things to do. And one of the things that talks about the message of hope. I'm going to get to that in just a minute. So I'll come back to that. This is the the acquisition package that we use. And the reason I have this is that this is a live first place class stamp that we have on the inside of the carrier. And this most of our acquisition packages right now will produce about a if it's really a good package, it's about a point 5% of response. So half of 1% response and around $35 would be really, really good acquisition and the mail is dropped a lot used to be one per Sam was OK. And a $50 gift was good. Now it's dropped and dropped where it's about. Point three 2.5 is good and 35 to $50 is good. So when we tried this with a stamp, we were getting a two point return. So from a half of 1%, we were getting 2% response back on cold mail made a big big difference on on the return coming in. So another engagement device. And that's an actual paper clip, actually hand assembled and put on there. Another letter that goes through, here's where you can actually see. And again, there's the $58 if you can see the array, the stones, erase stones that are in there is a thing that we use. In the here's the end engagement device. So this is what I call the message of hope. It's a little small piece, it's like four and a half by three 2.75 inches when it's flat. On the left is the front and back on the right is the inside. And we have this little message the bottom right versus fisher of Emma Christian in America cares about you, my god bless you and keep you and then you sign it and you send that back. And every time we do an engagement device like this, we get a really nice lift off of the package. And it does actually go to someone in Ukraine on that. So my my whole philosophy and fundraising just like any other marketing, you want to deliver value, you want to make sure that whoever is gage is getting what they want out of it. And I think there are three, my experience, I know you have thing, but my experience is there are three keys to giving. One it's a privilege to give. I pulled this out a second Corinthians eight, three and four in this case, and it says entirely on the on their own. They urgently pleaded with us for the privilege of sharing in the service of the same. So I think there's a privilege not an obligation, I don't think you have to give you have to buy tires, you don't have to buy shoes, you don't have to buy Milky Way's or dr peppers, or you get to a good one too. And that's what I think that fundraising is about. That's the first one. The second is the capacity to give you from what you have, and not from what you don't have. This again is that comes out of Second Corinthians at night. But when it has and according to not one doesn't have. So if you don't have it,

Unknown Speaker  49:11
don't get it,

Speaker 3  49:12
you know, but if you do have it, and you feel like there's a promise to give, and here's an opportunity to do to do that. And then the last one is the joy to give. Again, it comes out of Second Corinthians and it says each man should give what he has decided in his heart, his or her heart to give not reluctantly or under compulsion, we never use guilt or any press. And because God loves a cheerful giver. So do it because you there's a privilege do because you have it to give into it because you enjoy giving it on that. And I think that's the whole principle of fundraising. And that's how we have raised at this point over 1.5 billion 1.3 disprove 1.5 for other humanitarian groups that we work for. And and all of this, I'm hoping and trusting the that not only for those who receive the benefit of the funding, but for the donors, and those of you who are watching and listening, that you would receive mercy, peace and love and it would be yours in abundance. And instead of Jude one and two. So that's how we raised $1.5 billion and still raising more today.

Unknown Speaker  50:23
So we want to do, Paul,

Speaker 1  50:26
what do you do when you send out a mailer and you get crickets. And you've got a new client. And you know, they just spent however much money. I'm like, how do you engineer your way to something that works better?

Unknown Speaker  50:50
Why would you do a couple of consultant? Go ahead. Sorry. Yeah, right.

Speaker 3  50:56
First of all, I caution people that prospect acting and doing direct mail acquisition is like searching for oil. Sometimes you get a lot of sand, sometimes you get a lot of salt water, and occasionally you'll find pockets of oil. And we we keep testing, the the list that we rent. We do concentric circles. We try a group of lyst at work, we know that political lyst work well in non political years, certainly in the fall, they drop off because all the money is going into all the disposable income is going into supporting candidates. So we know to back off of those lists. There is an interesting story on that period, we we have found it against by testing. We have found that the the faith based publications, and lyst are not the best list to go into. So like Christianity Today or charisma magazine. Those are actually Christmas pretty good. hannity today is just not a good source of donors. Again, don't know why I just know what so what we have found is it's the more affluent lyst like Hammacher Schlemmer, right? lyst Regulus to rent.

Unknown Speaker  52:14
Really? Yes, Hammacher Schlemmer.

Speaker 3  52:17
Yeah, how about that? Just one of the one of the lesser is the found var, biblical archaeological, something forgot the artist record or something like that review with you. Thank you very much review that did well, and and we have one of one year we were doing a bunch of acquisition, we were we know about 12 million pieces a year in acquisition. And one year, we were just digging and searching and couldn't find lyst with us on our list. This was in LA, we actually mailed every single house on we could find in four counties, la San Bernardino, Ventura, and orange, orange county. Every single day, I would if there was an address, we rented it that here. And what I what I came up with is we couldn't find anything. And I said, Look, why don't we try to Neiman Marcus lyst. And everybody thought I was crazy. So Well, look, it's high end people disposable income. I don't know if they're Jewish. I don't know if they're Christian, I don't even know Israel exists. But it's got these other components of these other lists that have worked well for us. So we tried it, and it did very well. did quite well. So, but we've had lyst, we tried runners world, that was one that I thought might work and it didn't work. So we just we keep trying and testing and we change the copy will measure on that little engagement device that where you send it back to a Holocaust survivor in Kiev or, or not in Kiev, or I guess there are some people not too many America, but in out in the woods and a little settles German community to call settles. Because we're saying back there. And we've tested different sizes, we tested for color. We just keep testing and testing, you know, always trying to beat the control. So that would be my answer. We just keep trying to be to control.

Speaker 1  54:13
Look, that's very interesting what you just said about we I bet if if you had a room full of people, and you said which lyst you think pulled better Christianity Today or hammock or slimmer? And you showed that letter? I think most people we're not going to guess Hammacher Schlemmer it seems to to confirm the old adage that a buyer is a buyer is a buyer. So the person who spends money is the person who spends money. And yeah, just because they subscribe to Christianity Today, doesn't mean they get large amounts of money to people they never heard of. Obviously, a catalogue Miller company is a company where people have given money to something they've never heard of. So very interesting. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  55:21
So kind of

Speaker 3  55:22
company that just like you said, you know, what we try to do list you know, of our funnels or whatever or off of Facebook, you try to get someone who's already engaged, already done some activity to 95, you know, shipping and handling, whatever it is, or some engagement or involvement in it works the same way. And fundraising.

Speaker 1  55:46
As as direct mail has fallen out of favor, how have you sharpen your skills as a direct mail guy,

Speaker 3  56:00
thing is introducing and adding to the online services are available, and then showing how they work together with a great example of was Atlanta and I think it was who completely got rid of their catalog and their sales just plummeted. And then they brought their catalog back in and their sales went back up. And many of the searches will start online. But what I don't have the resource quoted, I don't have the site, but I read it that the majority of purchases are through the mail or in physical capacity on it. So the search starts online. But the the tangible is what actually completes the sale. And I've seen that somewhere a couple of times. So we put the two together. You know, we offer online, we do websites, we do lead generation. We do funnels we do all that we find way just like a conversation lunches with, that's great, and it'll raise your $15 million for you or generate 15 million. That's wonderful. But I got 82 million over here that you could have if you would just add mail to your online program. So that's that's been our approach. That's how I buy my Christmas. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  57:14
There right. Yeah, I get I get catalogs. The catalog is far easier to look through and find something really cool, in my opinion. And

Speaker 3  57:25
and it's much easier online interface. Yeah, most the time, it's easier to fill out a form than it is to get on a website that you can't click or can't get through or deadlock the same or all the components are different. And the consistency going back to things I mentioned earlier. Is it is it easy to recognize, make it easy, and people do what they already want to do.

Speaker 2  57:45
Yep. And sometimes sometimes people will have the catalog in hand while they go online and place orders.

Unknown Speaker  57:51
So true. Very true.

Unknown Speaker  57:56
So Paul, how can people get ahold of you?

Speaker 3  57:59
Well, it would be nice to visit with everybody and Perry. I didn't clear this with you. But I think it's okay. And if it's not in folks, you can't have it. But I'm happy to send the slide deck to anybody. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  58:09
yeah, sure. That's fine.

Speaker 3  58:12
Happy to do that. And I've got one more I was was I started out with a much bigger personal budget than what I thought I was gonna do. I really wanted to do this other I wanted to add elements of design. Call it I can't see what you say until I hear what you wrote. And its design. Not tricks or just as a design elements that help improve readership in a better the readership is the better responses. So it p big m.com. That's RP, big of a big agency. com p big and big HAL, that big agency.com is my email and big agency. com is my website, and be happy to answer questions or entertain any thing that you're looking at wanting to do and just happy to converse and help you make the world a better place.

Unknown Speaker  59:02
And I just typed those in the chat box,

Unknown Speaker  59:05
folks.

Unknown Speaker  59:08
Good.

Speaker 1  59:10
Very good. Well, congratulations on raising $1.3 billion. I don't know too many people have done that. So we like to get extraordinary performers and planet fairy to show off what they can do. So, Paul, this has been great. Thank you very much.

Unknown Speaker  59:26
Thank you. Great pleasure. And Brian, you too.

Unknown Speaker  59:29
All right. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Bye now.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai