Unknown Speaker  00:01
Program You

Unknown Speaker  02:46
Hey,

Speaker 1  02:51
oh, there we go. You managed to get him off.

Unknown Speaker  02:55
I did yes

Matthias Miller  02:58
without threatening that I'll join you guys. I

Unknown Speaker  03:04
Alright, how are you take the day off or something?

Matthias Miller  03:09
No, I just didn't have I had calls when you called up until, like, been either calls or families or family events up until

Speaker 2  03:22
now, that's totally fine. You talk. So by by sheer coincidence, I had just opened signal to message somebody else when you said you were back, so I called you within like one second of you saying that, but you didn't answer.

Matthias Miller  03:41
That was today. Earlier today, I was wondering about that, because I think the,

Speaker 2  03:51
oh, you know what? That's really weird. I literally just went back and looked at that and you said, I'm back early this morning, and I called you for it must have jammed, and it must have the notification must have come in when I went to talk to somebody else. That's what happened. That's what happened. That's weird. Okay. Anyway, who cares about all that? Well, we can talk about anything you want to, but all I really wondered was if you'd heard from John, and why you said something like, I know I should be excited about this, but I'm not. I'm

Matthias Miller  04:24
excited for somebody else to do it. There's just, like, zero interest in doing it,

Speaker 2  04:31
man, that that's bad. So what if we step back a notch and go to our conversation about trying things until they work? Are you still interested in that? Yep, and apparently you've got some real narrow guidelines on that, though, or something like, Well, I can't be a real world business or

Speaker 1  04:52
what? No, I can't hate it. I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  04:56
I'm curious why you hate it.

Unknown Speaker  04:59
It's. The

Matthias Miller  05:13
there's too much of it that is liable to end up on my hands, in my hands to sweat it out

Unknown Speaker  05:24
and well, I don't know if I have a good answer for it.

Matthias Miller  05:31
I've been the last eight weeks are probably the closest I've been to burnout than ever a and it's been too much solo and task oriented work and very low relational dynamic in my day to day. That's the best I can say. And also, and I just Just think, I don't know. It just, it's just, I don't know what to say. I don't know how. I don't know, do I love the idea of, do I love the idea of, I do enjoy working on startups?

Speaker 2  06:20
You You're just a little fuzzy. You said you don't enjoy working on startups,

Matthias Miller  06:27
at least not for this type of project.

Unknown Speaker  06:31
Yeah. Okay,

Matthias Miller  06:33
so I don't know if I have a good explanation. I might just be weird. I'm fine being weird.

Speaker 2  06:41
I'm fine being weird, and I'm fine with you being weird, I wonder, and I'm not needling in anything like I got plenty to do and other stuff. But you know, I'd love to build something with you. Any possibility now this is not addressing the burnout and the too many things that I have to do aspect I get that real good I would love to offload three quarters of the stuff I'm doing right now and stop clicking on a mouse all day. But aside from that, like if there was no burnout, and if the task part wasn't a problem is there's anything else that bugs you about it?

Matthias Miller  07:25
If I I think fundamentally okay, if there's very little that bugs me about it, if I had somebody to i

Matthias Miller  07:44
If I could, out of the gate, have a really solid, I can't put the financials together to make this work. I don't think. But if I had some really solid part time operations person right out of the gate, who could run the full operations, financial, the whole operation, who could take care of hiring, some basic hiring, who, by the hiring, scheduling, very minimal stuff, and I could just be the guy putting the systems together, and maybe have some of this stuff fed back to me, I would probably be pretty Happy.

Speaker 2  08:38
Okay, everything I'm about to say is 100% smoking a peace pipe. Totally not adversarial. I'm just asking questions. The questions don't have anything behind them, ready, okay, does Audra have any bandwidth for operations?

Matthias Miller  08:59
Potentially, if we drop sheds.

Speaker 2  09:03
Oh, is that, and I wasn't assuming that this was replacing anything. Are we thinking of dropping sheds?

Matthias Miller  09:12
Well, she doesn't have bandwidth for I don't think she's got bandwidth for this, plus that,

Speaker 2  09:18
okay, is operations checking an email box and calling up Jimmy to say, Hey, Jimmy, you got an appointment to do the washing at five o'clock on Friday.

Matthias Miller  09:31
No, it's literally like, no. It's more than that.

Unknown Speaker  09:38
It's example, please.

Matthias Miller  09:41
Let's go back to the hiring thing. Let's go find the vet, the person who's actually going to do the day to day

Speaker 2  09:48
stuff. So I'm probably vastly oversimplifying this, but that should be limited, and limited should be a good thing. You. That should be limited all the way down to you having one conversation with the fellow you have in mind whose name you did tell me, but I'm pulling a total blank on it.

Matthias Miller  10:10
Well, I mean, he's only if he's interested in part time work through the winter like it's and is that what you're looking for

Speaker 2  10:22
to start, yes, to start with that was exact. The one thing I'm definitely not maybe I've got a wrong idea about what size appetite you have. I have a feeling it's like all or nothing, or enormous or nothing. I was thinking that. Do you remember Perry's story about, don't build $100,000 soap factory first, and then figure out if you can sell soap later. Instead, this is an almost direct quote from Perry. Instead, see if you can sell soap first, and if you have to go buy five bars of soap from Walmart to fill the first test orders you got and then go build the factory or give them a refund if you have to. So I don't see any need to grind teeth, pull hair or lose sleep over operations and personnel and HR and all that. I was thinking this would be totally easy going as a test, and it would start with you, because I think it's pretty clear you don't want to go run a power washing machine. And although I'm willing to, I don't want to. And so I was thinking that you would simply start by finding that fellow you had in mind and having a quick conversation to see if it interests him at all. Is that not a good place to start? Logically, yeah, I also don't want to be twisting your arm into doing something you don't want to do. But like, man, that's such a low, low, low barrier to entry. It's kind of like, what's not to love?

Unknown Speaker  12:11
Yeah,

Speaker 2  12:13
I'm totally willing to be wrong or, like, I don't want you to say yeah, just because I boxed you into a corner

Matthias Miller  12:19
or something. No. I mean, I agree it's logical. It doesn't change the fact that I'm really not interested in doing it. And is it head trash? Maybe

Speaker 2  12:29
I was literally about to happen. It was possible that it was head trash,

Matthias Miller  12:34
or is it pattern, severe pattern recognition, that this is going to end up with another loop that takes me back to the same place. I mean, it could be either one.

Speaker 2  12:44
Didn't we agree that we won't be worrying about loops, though, because we're going to do Charlie valer or valor model of pick a bunch of niches and test them, and we know some are going to fail. And remember, niche is being used very loosely, but we know some are going to fail, and we're simply looking for the ones that don't in palatable increments. And we picked this one to start with because it looked infinitely doable, with far less problems to solve than any other thing that we get thought of yet.

Matthias Miller  13:21
I think maybe I wasn't fully transparent. I think you picked it because you liked it. I think logically, I think I agree. Logically, it's a great idea. I think I made it pretty clear on the call and we, I don't know, I probably obliged with some kind of half hearted ascent that maybe this guy What was

Speaker 1  13:42
your suggestion? I must be confused. No, I suggested the guy. But okay, like, there you go.

Unknown Speaker  13:55
So,

Speaker 1  14:02
um, like, if this is such a great idea, why aren't you doing it?

Speaker 2  14:07
Wow, that is actually where that why isn't who doing it? Me, sure, I don't have the money for and that's no joke. Like, I literally can't pay John vite to do that. Okay, that's it. That's it right there. And also I'm busy. And also I thought we were looking for something to do together. Okay, not that any one of those things is a deal breaker either, by the way. If I

Speaker 2  14:43
um, so let's, let's examine a couple other things for I'm working while I'm talking to you. Hope you don't mind. Okay. Are we thinking? Let's pretend for a minute that it's not head trash or pattern wrecking. Mission, just whatever. It's not your thing. Are we thinking that? Oh, well, let me, let me, let me roll that back. Let's assume it's not head trash. But maybe there is something to it, something wrong, bad vibe, not your, not your, not your, whatever the part would be, you know, not your first choice, or whatever. Is it possible that? Well, I guess we might should answer the question of, is there something wrong with that? But then I was thinking, like everything you said, it kind of sounds like two and a half things. Either it's just not quite up your alley, or it's too much work. That's like the that's the two things you said multiple times this conversation is, there are we expecting anything to be less work? Because nothing's less work. I wouldn't be sitting here talking to you if good. Remember this is the dumber business. Remember that, but work is making money is boring, and it's gotta be work and repetition, that's gotta be why it's boring. I mean, and unless you're selling air, selling virtual stuff, there is going to be work involved for somebody. It's just not avoidable, right? Is there anything about that that? I mean, remember, this is how marketers invented info products. They were trying to find the it's like pure mathematics, or what do they call that, pure physics, or whatever. I just lost my grip on English there for a second. But like in marketers wanted to sell info products with a shopping cart, because it's pure virtual everything. And it's even better these days, because you get AI to write it, so you don't even have to have a writer. You know what I mean. But then we all know what kind of trash that leads to. So if, if, if we're doing Charlie's triangle testing things with variations of the offer and variations of the ad, until something works, there's just the minimum amount of work that is going to happen, right? Or are you thinking like, no, that's not true, and somehow we're gonna find a way for it to not happen?

Matthias Miller  17:17
No. I mean, I don't think it's reasonable for it to expect it not to be

Unknown Speaker  17:24
work. I just can't figure out what world that would happen in.

Speaker 2  17:32
So in other words, there's a certain amount of this. It's just like

Unknown Speaker  17:39
unavoidable the work part. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  17:45
oh, I'm not at all behind Twitch drama. I'm actually asking.

Matthias Miller  17:51
I mean, I don't get what you're asking. You know, it's that. I just said, it's not

Speaker 2  18:00
okay. So, so then the summary would be, we know it's going to take work. So regarding the power washing part, it's not the work that's putting you off. It's something else. Well,

Matthias Miller  18:13
I mean, it could be the type of work potentially,

Speaker 2  18:17
I don't know that's referring to the hiring and all that, and ops,

Matthias Miller  18:21
potentially, I'm saying if we're leading with hypotheses,

Speaker 2  18:27
so that automatically excludes all other kind of service business for the same reasons, right? I

Matthias Miller  18:35
don't know where you're going like you say it's not antagonistic, but you're trying like you're I think you can ask me from the get go, Is this a straight up logical Is this a straight up logical reason? No, it's not. Can we find a logical reason for it? Perhaps, wow, have a logical reason. So it feels to me like chasing the logic trail is an exercise in futility.

Speaker 2  19:02
That's hilarious, and unfortunately, I'm too left brain to not chase it, so I think you're asking, like, sort of to just drop it because you don't like it and you don't really want a logical reason or something like that.

Matthias Miller  19:15
Well, I don't think that chasing this logical reason is going to help me, or you make any progress, it'll help

Speaker 2  19:31
you. It'll help me in the following sense, like, think about it like this, I pretend for a minute that I'm not speaking to you, that I'm speaking to anybody, okay, okay. You want to make money? Yes or No, no, okay, conversations done. I was here to make money. But like, I'm not saying that to you. I'm saying like it would solve a problem. Okay? Or you want to make money? Yes, okay. Are you willing to work to make money? Yes, I am. Oh, okay. Are you willing to learn a new skill to make money? Yes, I am. Are you also. Willing to work outside in 100 degree temperature to make money? No, absolutely not. Well, we're getting somewhere, right? Does that make sense? Sure. Yeah, I might be too zoomed in or too too zoomed out, but so far, you haven't said no anytime. I've asked about the Charlie part. So I and by the way, you might be too tired, maybe we shouldn't be having this call at midnight, but I it sounds like you're still interested in the project, right? Which we have loosely dumbed, loosely dubbed the dumber project, because you haven't said anything negative on that yet, but you don't like the this one. And so I'm trying to find out. And that's actually a fairly fine line, by the way, so I'm trying to figure out where the lines are that we should be hopping over to the next trench, road, zip code, area code, country, whatever. In order to proceed with the main project, it's like, we went down the wrong fort. It's like, it's as if you're saying we went down the wrong fork in this project.

Matthias Miller  21:05
So since that time, I've been playing around with two other offers, okay, one going towards the route of the software side, which I know this. I know again, I know logically, it breaks the rule of being highly delegatable.

Matthias Miller  21:32
And at this point, highly delegatable is not the highest thing on my maybe it should be. Maybe it's not whatever. It's not the highest priority on my list. It seems to me that if we can express it in a dumber way, that there's a lot of businesses who have this pain point, and that I am exceptionally skilled at fixing this and that if I have, if I can spend two hours a day charging $1,000 an hour for consulting doing that, then that is a fairly logical let's skip the fewest number of ruts as possible. So that's option one. The option the Part B is that, even though I don't know exactly what to make of it, apparently, my okay, this is one that my left brain can't rationalize yet, so I don't know what to do With it completely, but apparently I am a highly relational and some of my deepest passions come around the inner workings of people and around issues of faith. And so the question that follows from that is that is, is there a dumber version of the problems that arise around that that legitimately could meet that. And maybe it's not two hours at 1k maybe it's four hours at 500 or maybe it's a group program that's 1000 a month. Or maybe it's with uh with, you know, well, four groups of 10 a piece. Or, I don't know what it is, but that's, that's another experimental iteration, and I'm trying to figure out for myself, what's the thing I know for a fact that there is some semblance of pattern of

Matthias Miller  24:18
what is it? I know for a fact that I've not been pleased with my historical success. So here's here's food for your left brain. I've not been pleased with my pattern of success around hiring in the past.

Speaker 2  24:32
I can tell you that, and we're talking about real people in the real world, real people in the real world. Dope. They

Matthias Miller  24:42
can also tell you that generally, I do not like

Matthias Miller  24:50
any kind of work, that I don't like the pressure to perform any kind of work I. Does not allow me to be live in conversation with people I can do the other work I have some level of tolerance for it, but if the pressure and the stakes go up, my the likelihood that I'm going to actually enjoy it and do well at it go down substantially. And the for some reason, the there are segments of people who can do well at something that they load. And I've probably exhausted that battery in my lifetime, and I have some level of pain tolerance, but I already occupy enough of that pain tolerance that I there is an upper bound to that, and I do have to be careful about that, or we are Going to derail the project. So there's your left brain answer to some of those questions.

Speaker 2  26:09
I Okay. I think that you just said that you basically only enjoy things where you're working live, and I assume you mean Perry's version of live. So we're pretty much talking about talking to people,

Matthias Miller  26:28
yes, but it's probably it's more narrow than that. Specifically, I was talking to a friend of mine tonight, and I was talking about me procrastinating on sales follow ups. And he said, Yes, but what if, he said, based on everything, on where you're at you, you're like a 30 year veteran in sales, based on everything that you've your lived experience. He's like, What if that's not sales aversion? What if that's just a deep understanding prior to your logical brain having caught up to it, that these people really are not good prospects and good fits for you.

Matthias Miller  27:21
So if I part of the so I I have a personal conviction that we're most effective when both sides of the brain play together. I also think that there's all kinds of, however you want to call it. There can be any combination of Holy Spirit and emotional intuition and pattern recognition, and I don't believe that everybody actually even always knows exactly what it is, and I don't even pretend that it's always accurate, but I do think that there are times when you can recognize patterns prior to your logical brain, or you can recognize something prior to your logical brain recognizing it. And whether I'm delusional or not, in that it is a way that I live my life. I How's that?

Speaker 2  28:25
And this is my overly logical brain talking, probably so, like, that's fine in like, every sense of the world, fine. But how are you going to split test a bunch of ideas with that framework?

Speaker 1  28:37
Like, I have two ideas to play with that I can invalidate, oh no.

Speaker 2  28:46
And where are we going to get these ideas from? I just named them.

Matthias Miller  28:52
I have a Claude chat that's building out offer one, and have a Claude chat that's building out offer two. I

Speaker 2  29:05
Oh, a dope, and you like them, whatever they are.

Matthias Miller  29:09
I mean, I think they both sound reasonably sane by some definition. What were they? Again? Software, some form of, don't hate your software, and you don't need to replace it to not hate it. That's Option A and Option B. I don't, I haven't. I haven't fleshed out fully enough yet, but it's I

Matthias Miller  29:46
this is overstated. It's not actually correct. It's not actually what I I don't know how to how to describe option B, option B some form of i.

Matthias Miller  30:00
I don't know how to say it, except say it in a way. That's not what I mean, but it's basically screw the church for entrepreneurs, which is not actually what I'm looking to promote. But there's a homer simpson version that's somewhat akin to that. I don't know exactly what it is. Yeah, I

Speaker 2  30:24
Okay, how are you going to sell those things?

Unknown Speaker  30:33
Josh Thomas, funnel,

Unknown Speaker  30:37
Facebook ads, yep. Okey doke.

Speaker 2  30:48
The one thing do you know any? Okay, yeah, right, okay, good, great. So,

Matthias Miller  30:57
so your logical brain has found problems and gaps in here. Where I don't know, has it?

Speaker 2  31:14
Um, hmm, I'm now, I don't think so. I

Matthias Miller  31:24
I'm highly skeptical of option two, but I'm also very curious about option two, because, mostly because Kevin and I, who we're doing the podcast with, we've had some form of this type of conversation. I and I don't know how this fits with you and I doing something together, but,

Matthias Miller  32:02
but if you if there is a, well, you know, it's, it's, It's, I think I'm trying to,

Matthias Miller  32:21
I think my demand for meaning on what I do is probably, I don't know if it's higher than it's higher than I would have perceived you to express for yourself, but I don't know if it actually is higher than what you want for what you

Speaker 2  32:43
do. I'm sorry. You're, you're still fuzzy, by the way, I'm having trouble and understanding that entire question, what was that? Again?

Matthias Miller  32:49
Okay, so I think, I think, potentially, that you're that you are looking for less meaning and purpose by whatever definition, however you define that, in what you do, then what I'm looking in what I do

Speaker 2  33:11
and what I do for work, that's exactly right. I have no need at all in my entire life to find purpose inside of work, but none of the things that I do find purpose in are ever going to pay my bills. I mean, I shouldn't say ever. I'm not God, something might turn out later, but like, I get lots of satisfaction, fulfillment, et cetera, out of a lot of things that I do, and they're not paid positions, and they're not going to be in any current framework that I could ever dream of. So, for example, I'm a musician. You know that I love it. I get a huge amount of my kicks out of it, and it's a volunteer position for my church. I'm not going to start a band, I'm not going to join a band, and my church is not going to pay me. So, right? So that's why I sit on a computer doing stuff, because I got kids who want to eat. So you are correct. I am not. Obviously, there's things that I don't want to get involved in, but I am not looking for meaning, satisfaction, notoriety, fame, whatever. Inside of work. I just want something that I can do for work that is, uh, not going to kill me with the workload, and is going to make money, okay, and and I would like to enjoy it, which, by the way, I actually do enjoy lead generation when it works. I get really frustrated when it doesn't work. And so does that line up with what you're trying to say, or did I get off on that somehow? I think that's right. Okay. I mean, that's not a problem, is it? Or is it?

Matthias Miller  34:54
Well, I think we just pointed out a values difference in our selection. Yeah. Uh, that made you absolutely giddy about one option, and maybe drag my feet about it,

Speaker 2  35:07
okay? And it does, and it doesn't interest you, because you get zero satisfaction or purpose or whatever out of it, right? Is that what we're saying? I

Matthias Miller  35:17
think that's right, at whatever point you actually start bringing people in, which is almost impossible from the zero to one stage, or it's, I don't know, like there's no, I don't know.

Speaker 2  35:33
I'm totally fine with that, by the way, it feeds my logical brain too. So hopefully that doesn't bother you in some fashion.

Matthias Miller  35:40
No, I mean, I think, I think I have a somewhat of a difficult time. I think this is probably the best explanation I could have. And also I don't think that. I think that's probably, I think that's probably the core of it. And also being so close to burnout, that the very thought of adding one more thing like that that I perceive to be a significant risk, not only to myself, but also to unless I can couch it properly to the other person doing it. I know it doesn't seem like a long shot, but it just seems like a longer shot that I'm going to take and that it's I'm going to expend energy that I barely already have to keep the existing machine going.

Speaker 2  36:28
That does, however, also mean that anything else you might want to get involved in is like you literally just said, I don't have the energy and stuff for that. So clearly, we're good type of a Type I get it, and also it doesn't feed any other fire to compensate for the energy drain and all that. I get that too. But generally speaking, we're looking for something that's going to take even less energy or compensate for the energy drain in some other fashion.

Matthias Miller  37:07
That's fair. So we can potentially reframe how the work gets done on finding the person around here, yeah, to do it. And I'm not opposed to that.

Speaker 2  37:22
On Uh, yep, that's good. I almost had a quarter of a thought for a second. You had said something. I'm trying to think what it was now,

Speaker 2  37:41
it might be that this literally doesn't exist in the real world or or you don't feel like it exists, but like you don't even want to own a business that would run without you if you weren't getting personal satisfaction From the business.

Matthias Miller  37:59
I don't know that that's true,

Speaker 2  38:03
but it's too far away or too unrealistic, or something.

Unknown Speaker  38:08
I don't have an answer. Okay,

Speaker 2  38:12
that's all good. Oh, last thing I want to do is try to twist your arm into something you're not interested in, because if you're not interested in or don't like it, it's guaranteed to not go good by default.

Matthias Miller  38:23
Like I said, I think if you were here in the area, or if I had somebody else in the area, and I said, Look, this is the type of thing that, like, I don't even know. You know, this is the classic position where my ideal scenario is, I've got to check for some not exorbitant, but nice sum of money, and I can just go find somebody who's willing to put in some grunt work and sweat equity. And say, let me look over your shoulder and let's go give this thing a go, and let's go build it. Or if I had somebody similar to do for that for me, except that's kind of expensive, I uh, and I guess if you're looking at, hey, am I willing to actually pay myself, and this becomes a risk, benefit, payoff, and how much would I have to if I were working for myself as a client, for myself, how much would I have to charge to do this, and can I measure that against the upside or the downside and the likelihood of success, and would I be willing to pull the trigger on it? Okay?

Unknown Speaker  40:01
Sounds reasonable to me.

Unknown Speaker  40:15
So what can I do to help you? I

Matthias Miller  40:56
I think there is a potential world for me to use Josh's frameworks and AI to draft funnels. And I don't know if I can do more evenings, but potentially nights periodically, to take them, review them, finesse them, and take them live and put some money behind them and see If they anything sticks. I

Unknown Speaker  42:03
I don't think there's a need to answer the question now.

Unknown Speaker  42:10
Okay. I mean, did you catch? Did you catch what you just

Speaker 2  42:15
said, possibly not. Try again. Okay.

Matthias Miller  42:19
I mean, so one option, one obvious option, is if I can use Josh's framework and work with Claude to draft an offer that I feel good about, yep,

Unknown Speaker  42:34
and

Matthias Miller  42:36
maybe it's gotta be like nine, my nine to 12, my time. But to potentially be able to, I think I just, I think I just lost you, which means you're gonna get better audio.

Speaker 2  42:56
Yeah, that's way better, by the way, like very much better.

Matthias Miller  42:59
I but where, like, where to spend time reviewing the offer, the ads and implementing it, finessing it and implementing it and getting it all put together to kick off like a three or four day, $50 a day test and see whether it works, and iterating that with anything that I can put together. Do

Speaker 2  43:30
you want my help with that? Generally? Yeah, that'd be great.

Matthias Miller  43:38
I think also on the power washing thing, I think I don't,

Unknown Speaker  43:48
I don't know. I

Unknown Speaker  43:54
don't think I know. There have been times in my life,

Speaker 2  43:58
oh, you're like, almost totally gone now, way far away and 1% of the volume, can you hear me at all?

Unknown Speaker  44:08
Maybe, you know I, I don't know what to make of that really.

Matthias Miller  44:18
Um, there might still be the world in which

Unknown Speaker  44:21
that could work for us to work on together in some capacity,

Speaker 2  44:28
your audio is going way in and out. You said, I don't know where the something is at on that

Unknown Speaker  44:34
has to fit properly in that

Speaker 2  44:38
can't hear it. Can you hear me at all? Gone, hang on. Yeah, that's way better. Give me a minute.

Unknown Speaker  44:54
I think I actually did try to turn it off. I turned on Bluetooth. I.

Matthias Miller  45:05
There we go, try that. Sorry. And even on the on the washing side, I think there may be a world in which that can work, okay,

Unknown Speaker  45:21
I just don't think it's

Unknown Speaker  45:26
it's not immediately obvious what that

Unknown Speaker  45:38
what that path looks like.

Speaker 2  45:40
That's totally fine, and there's no pressure or stress to do it. I just thought it looked immensely doable, as in, actionable, possible. And I kind of thought that it would be possible to do without any one of the things that I thought about it was that it would not be particularly troublesome. I mean, there's going to be trouble with anything, literally anything. But it struck me as a pretty low barrier to entry. Yep, that's all. Yep. I'm still randomly curious what it would cost to have John do it. I can friend him and ask him too, but like he doesn't know me, and apparently he's been friends with you for a while.

Matthias Miller  46:23
He has an entire Calendly where he's asking a bunch of questions, which is, basically, are you a serious action taker? Because we only work with action takers. In other words, I'm going to pitch you on the call, yeah, and I'm not going to tell you beforehand what it is

Speaker 2  46:41
I when I looked at his Facebook, I had a feeling maybe he'd moved on to coaching or something, which, if that has happened, that's going to be impossible. I have I've gone down that road a few times before, where you go from somebody that you know had a system or an offer or whatever, and you try to get their attention, but their their minds already moved on to the next thing, and that is really tough to work with. So well, could we,

Unknown Speaker  47:09
would we not have better success?

Matthias Miller  47:19
Isn't there any kind of world in which we could maybe I'm completely crazy for saying this, but find one of these people and

Unknown Speaker  47:34
basically be like,

Matthias Miller  47:35
Look, we promise never to run ads in your area for the next three years. For we promise you won't run ads for the in your area for next three years. And could we take a just do a recorded zoom call of your you just screen share your ad account with us and walk through stuff, and we'll pay you 500 bucks.

Speaker 2  48:03
Yeah, well, sure, that'd be great. I don't know. Probably most people aren't going to go for the 500 bucks. We'd have to ask them. But yes, that'd be great. And in theory, I'd like to do that in a whole bunch of niches where somebody claims that they have a proven working funnel. Oh, I forgot that was the other reason I like this idea was literally because, supposedly, John claimed, like he knew exactly what to do, that that has way more attraction to me than you can imagine as a media buyer, the whole, I mean, think about it, you and I spent that whole, and I know you got a little blue over the fact that you've done the math wrong, but I'm not worried about that at all. You and I spent a whole day, was that last week or whenever, setting that funnel up and the ads didn't go anywhere. Imagine, imagine that the math problem did not exist. Okay, like the math was not or hadn't been wrong, and that we could pay someone who says, Oh yeah, I've been running exactly those ads for exactly that offer, and it works repeatedly. You just know you'd be willing to pay them some money to show you what that is right, just to save the headache of like, well, you know, okay, you know, did the ads not work? Was it the ads fault? Was it the offers fault? And this has nothing to do with math part, just only the development of the funnel, being able to just buy a funnel off somebody that works, if they're not lying, right, but it actually really worked. Would just be phenomenal, really phenomenal. Yep, and I'm not aware there probably is somebody else out there doing that, but like, are you aware? Of any other niche offer thing, funnel, where we could without Funnel Hacking, buy the whole funnel off of the person doing it. I don't, yeah, he's

Matthias Miller  50:16
kind of dumb for not doing lead gen himself.

Speaker 2  50:21
And it does beg the question of, if it works so well, why are you, you know, blah, blah, blah, which might be valid as well, possibly, well,

Matthias Miller  50:28
maybe he just doesn't want to maybe he's got the same, same maybe he's got a version of my hang up, I don't know.

Speaker 2  50:36
Or he's like my boys, he doesn't want to get wet, potentially, okay, I don't know. I want something that can I'm happy with trying things forever, but I am 45 and a whole lot of things I've tried over the last few years have not worked. I like the idea of buying something that works. I don't have any money, but I like the idea, that's it, that's that is all I got to say about that. All right, okay, I'll let you go. Good.

Unknown Speaker  51:12
Awesome. Appreciate it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai