Speaker 1  00:00
So first of all, I just want to thank you for everything that you're doing. You know, there's a lot of people who are willing to put in work and effort for what they get out of it. But I know that a lot of leaders, like you have invested heavily into different causes. And they do it because of one thing, they do it because they're passionate about what they're they're doing, they're passionate about making a difference, and they really want to see the world become a better place, and they care about people, and they, they care about solving, you know, righting the wrongs and,

Unknown Speaker  00:37
and I just want to thank you for doing that. You know,

Speaker 1  00:40
I've worked with a lot of people over the years. And one of the things that I've noticed is that many times, the people who are trying to make the biggest impact and have the greatest make the greatest difference in the world are the people who are the most under supported and, you know, to be honest, sometimes underappreciated, but that Fortunately, I, you know, I don't know, we, we don't play to our ego,

Speaker 1  01:06
yeah, anyway, it's kind of a cetera. So a, and I think, you know, what it's like, it's, it's, it's a challenge as the leader of a nonprofit in order to, to really achieve the things that you need to achieve.

Speaker 1  01:21
There's, there's challenges, I just, let's just start at the very beginning. Like there's anything that you need to do requires financial support for financial backing. And I know that a lot of nonprofit leaders spend a lot of time fundraising, when in the actual thing that they want to do is not to fundraise, but they want to have their feet on the ground, they want to be making a difference, they want to, they want the organization to be changing lives, and it feels like it and and if they're beyond the point of doing that themselves, sometimes, you know, our schedules and our responsibilities don't allow us to do it, but by ourselves, but to to have your people who should be on the ground, making this difference, be involved and said, fundraising, instead of actually doing the work, it feels like, it could be a big drag, you know,

Speaker 1  02:06
and so, even on the fundraising side, how do you how do you fund raise, you know, I find that many, many people in nonprofits are, they're nice people. And I mean that with the best of the best sense of the word, I think some of the nicest, warmest people I've ever met, have been deeply involved in the nonprofit world, you know, there's, there's an interesting distinction between nonprofits and businesses, because

Speaker 1  02:35
businesses can have a reputation for being a bit of a doggy dog kind of world where you have to be aggressive, or in order to win. And, and there's a certain kind of personality that gets attracted to that, you know, the, the highly competitive people who, who don't mind going after the hard things, and maybe, you know, risking rejection, and even sometimes hate for, you know, in order to make their mission successful. But as I know, it's a nonprofit leader. And as somebody who cares about making a difference, that kind of approach can be really challenging. And so even in fundraising, sometimes you have to kind of go against the grain and ask people, how can you, you know, ask people for money, or asking you for funds that it feels like fundraising is, is the necessary evil that you need to go through in order to actually get the things done that you need to get done.

Speaker 1  03:23
But that's not where the problem is, you know, it's, it's, it's if even if you had had the fundraising, that that would not be the only issue because even when you raise raise the funds, there's a level of accountability that you feel that when you raise these funds, you you've got it. And sometimes the, the accountability is actually stricter than what it should be. But when somebody gives you money there, they give it with the expectation that you're going to go out, you're going to do something with the, you're gonna have something to show for it. And, you know,

Speaker 1  04:28
it'd be a lot of fun if you could actually pay your people what you think they're worth, if you could have an admin that you could pay 20 bucks an hour or, or you could actually, you could actually have an executive director who's drawing up, you know, who's drawing a better salary because of the level of leadership expertise and sacrifice that they're willing to bring to the table. But many times, that's not it's not possible, it feels like many times, you're kind of just you're stuck trying to make ends meet and trying to make do with what you've got. And it's a really challenging place to be. And so sometimes, sometimes it means that instead of being able to hire a staff person, you have to go find a volunteer. And, you know, volunteers are interesting people as well, you know, sorry if I'm going on too much of a rabbit trail, or tirade here, but, you know, volunteers are, you have these occasionally volunteers who are just willing to do absolutely anything. But plenty of these volunteers who show up for a while, they they kind of get involved for a little bit, and then they get bored, and they leave. And then once you, you know, the next person takes over. And it's not until the next person takes over that you realize, oh, my goodness, like, have they ever left a mess in their trail, like it is up mass and see actually have to go clean up behind them. And he volunteers are fantastic. Because there again, they're, they're willing to sacrifice, but sometimes they don't bring the level of professionalism that they need. And the other thing too, that's challenging is that volunteers often often can have a really high turnover. So they'll be here for, you know, maybe it's a week, maybe it's a month, maybe it's even a year, a couple years. But after that they're gone, they're moving on to the next thing, and you're left of the week, trying to try to fill that position and trying to make sure that everything keeps going with the volunteers leave, there's nobody else to pull back to like, the buck stops with you. If you're, you're stuck there trying to keep all all the, you know, all the plates spinning. And

Unknown Speaker  06:29
that's it can be a challenge. You know,

Speaker 1  06:33
what do you do with that kind of a challenge? What do you do when you're putting in longer hours than what you know that you should that when your kids know that you that you love them, but you're not

Unknown Speaker  06:45
seeing them as much as you'd like

Speaker 1  06:48
when your marriage is getting the amount of attention to me when you start skipping some trips to the gym. Or maybe you just don't go to the gym. Because it's there. So type for that

Unknown Speaker  06:59
we do when there's

Unknown Speaker  06:59
nobody to take care of yourself. You know,

Unknown Speaker  07:03
it's

Speaker 1  07:03
many times it feels like it can feel like you're stuck in this downward spiral. Because we don't have volunteers. So you can't get things done. So you can't prove results. You can't get get sponsorships, and donations. And. And then because you don't have sponsorships and donations, you can't hire staff get things done and make things happen. And it just spirals downward. And the longer you go, the faster you run, the more difficult it becomes. I don't know if you've ever felt like that you ever found yourself in that kind of a position.

Unknown Speaker  07:33
It's a tough position to be in, you know, even even in my life. I've been in that position I've had times where, you know,

Unknown Speaker  07:41
even today sometimes I hit these these spots. And

Speaker 1  07:44
I'm like, and like, is everything actually going to go wrong today? Like, like, is there Am I making any progress and that's what I have to open up my

Unknown Speaker  07:55
my tool chest and pull pull up

Speaker 1  07:56
some tools and and start making some some changes and some adjustments to keep me out of this downward spiral. You know,

Unknown Speaker  08:07
I want to take a few moments to just think about what

Unknown Speaker  08:12
why you got into this in the first place.

Unknown Speaker  08:16
So I think you got into this what you're doing because you

Unknown Speaker  08:19
believe

Speaker 1  08:20
that you were born for a time as this you were you believe that you were born for purpose. And in your mind's eye, whether you were able to articulate it or not, whether you put it down on paper or not. Whether you went through any kind of fancy fancy visioning process with some kind of leadership coach or anything like that you got a picture in your mind and what would be your picture of the smiles on people's faces or

Unknown Speaker  08:45
or the the agony that you would be able to spare

Speaker 1  08:50
you had pictures of maybe there was a personal crises that you experienced some things that are close to your heart? And, you know, to be honest, why would you be doing what you're doing if it

Unknown Speaker  09:01
if it wouldn't be close to your heart, Jude, pictures

Speaker 1  09:03
of that and and seeing what it can become seeing the impact that you could have,

Speaker 1  09:11
you didn't get into this because you wanted to fund raising go raise money, you might not even have gotten into this because you wanted to build some kind of team or where you wanted to you wanted to deal with all that kind of stuff. Maybe you did you know, I don't know, I can't tell. I don't really know why you got into this maybe maybe you got into it. Because quite frankly, you enjoy moving these different puzzle pieces together. But when you when you actually got into it that being much more challenging than what you thought.

Speaker 1  09:40
So there's this picture of what you want to become. How amazing would it be if all of your volunteers would leave?

Speaker 1  09:47
Well, first of all, how many would be that they wouldn't want to leave? That would be amazing.

Speaker 1  09:54
But then after that, what happens if when they do leave? if they if they would be excited about telling their friends about this organization?

Unknown Speaker  10:04
How amazing would that be?

Speaker 1  10:08
How amazing would it be when they're sitting at the dinner table with you know, one of these year end fundraising banquets for one of those other nonprofits and you're getting to know somebody else they're they're talking about what they do and what they're involved with. Maybe it's at a company banquet.

Speaker 1  10:24
They're sharing what the what they're involved with, and and what are they start sharing about your nonprofit. And they just can't shut their about their so excited about the difference that you guys are making. And not just that they're

Unknown Speaker  10:38
talking about what a wonderful experience it has been to work on your team. And

Speaker 2  10:42
and it'd be part of this and what if, what if they they mentioned the level of excellence that they've experienced with your organization. What if, when you're putting together your urine fundraising newsletter, and you want to tell your donors exactly what it is that you've done, would it be like to be able to paint a picture

Speaker 1  11:05
with truth, that's it, truthfully, paint a clear picture, without any of the, again, any of the marketing schmooze or anything like that,

Unknown Speaker  11:15
but that they would know you'd be able to demonstrate to them, that

Speaker 1  11:21
their investment into your nonprofit through through their gifts is one of the best things that they could do that that you could demonstrate to them the level of responsibility and integrity that you as you've got in the organization that you guys are actually able to, to make things happen with the money that that's that that you receive. And you're able to demonstrate that

Unknown Speaker  11:46
I want you to think about what would change

Speaker 2  11:51
because, you know, if you stop and think about that there's two spirals that you can find yourself in there's there's upward spiral downward spiral downward spiral is one of the most defeating places to

Speaker 1  12:02
live. Because it feels like no matter how hard you work, or how fast you go, you can never get ahead. You can never get to the root of the problem

Unknown Speaker  12:11
when you're in

Speaker 1  12:11
an upward spiral doesn't always mean things are going to be easy, but it means things are getting better. In fact, for you, as a leader, if things aren't getting easier for you, there's there's something that needs to change.

Unknown Speaker  12:26
Things are not

Speaker 1  12:26
getting easier for you. You're in a downward spiral every single day, your life should be getting easier. Now, I understand.

Unknown Speaker  12:33
You don't mind sacrificing

Speaker 1  12:35
you don't mind putting in the hard work. You don't mind putting in the extra energy those extra hours.

Unknown Speaker  12:43
But it's not about it's not about that

Unknown Speaker  12:47
it's about the difference that you're that you're working to make its of the people that you're trying to reach

Unknown Speaker  12:54
me if you can, if you can get into the upward spiral,

Speaker 2  12:56
you can experience a life that becomes increasingly easier, while at the

Unknown Speaker  13:01
same time being more effective

Unknown Speaker  13:04
that I get

Speaker 1  13:05
it I completely understand I you know, if I had reading this letter A couple years ago, I would have raised my hands and I would have said, What are you thinking? Are you kidding me, this is one of those get rich, get rich quick, this is all going to go up I'll make all your problems go away with some kind of magic solution. And you know, everything will be better. And all you need is this one thing that you're missing it

Unknown Speaker  13:35
let me just tell you it's not it. That is

Speaker 1  13:39
absolutely not it. There is no silver bullet, no single perfect little button that

Unknown Speaker  13:49
you can push that's going to make all this go away.

Unknown Speaker  13:52
But I can't tell you something that there's a plan

Unknown Speaker  13:56
that could take you there.

Unknown Speaker  13:59
And this plan is

Speaker 2  14:02
well, let me tell you what, who this who this plan is actually for. This plan isn't for everyone factors. A lot of people this plan isn't for

Unknown Speaker  14:13
this plan is for people

Unknown Speaker  14:16
who have surrounded themselves are willing to surround themselves with team members

Speaker 2  14:21
who can who can help them fill in the missing pieces, those team members might be paid, they might be unpaid.

Unknown Speaker  14:28
But it's for people who are willing to fill in those missing pieces. So that's number one,

Unknown Speaker  14:34
you have to let go some independence,

Unknown Speaker  14:37
there's tools that will help you do it. Trust me.

Speaker 2  14:41
Number two, it's also for people who are willing to recognize that they don't have all the answers that that there's there's room to grow. It's for people who are willing to make some changes to change how they think, to change some habits,

Unknown Speaker  14:57
the most challenging oftentimes is,

Unknown Speaker  14:59
is people who are willing to let go of some things in their leadership style.

Unknown Speaker  15:06
And number three, it's

Unknown Speaker  15:08
a sort of people who are willing to

Speaker 1  15:11
make hard choices, I don't make any pretenses that this is this requires easy choices. You and I both know that easy choices would have to solve this could have solved this problem that you wouldn't be where you're at. In fact, you already had to make hard choices to get here.

Unknown Speaker  15:31
So this plan is for people who are willing to make those

Unknown Speaker  15:33
hard choices.

Speaker 1  15:39
So what's the plan? How do you actually get there, how do you make this happen,

Unknown Speaker  15:46
or want to talk to you about that

Unknown Speaker  15:47
is here's here's been my experience working with

Speaker 2  15:50
other other people, can I just share it share an example with you,

Speaker 1  15:56
there was a nonprofit who came to me because they were having

Speaker 2  16:01
trouble with with motivation for some other team members. In fact, they actually had people who were coming to them. And when they when they would leave the organization,

Speaker 2  16:13
they would actively discourage people from contributing to the nonprofit

Unknown Speaker  16:21
because of their bad experience.

Unknown Speaker  16:26
I want you to think about that

Speaker 2  16:28
these people who had been willing to give up their time and give their energy

Unknown Speaker  16:34
when they left,

Unknown Speaker  16:37
they were unwilling that only to give their own but

Speaker 2  16:41
they were not just willing to encourage others to get they were actively discouraging other people from giving

Unknown Speaker  16:51
as a nonprofit that is relatively tough

Unknown Speaker  16:55
obstacle to overcome.

Unknown Speaker  16:58
So here's where we started, we started from within

Unknown Speaker  17:03
here, we started by increasing the effectiveness of leadership,

Speaker 2  17:08
every solution as a leader, it starts with you as an organization and starts with you, unless you have a healthy leader. And a healthy organization

Unknown Speaker  17:20
can't achieve the change that you know that you need to be

Speaker 2  17:27
we identified. So what we did is we identified exactly where we wanted to make our initial focus

Speaker 2  17:34
on fixing some of these issues. And we peeled off a piece and the piece that we decided to peel off was to was to solve the problem of volunteer retention,

Speaker 2  17:48
that want to tell you something about how leadership works, and how business works. every business, every nonprofit, every organization, in fact, most of the things in the world operate by a system. Now, it doesn't mean that everything's automated doesn't mean that the system is very clear doesn't mean that if there's a system that works, that people use it more than once, but the things that work work well in a system.

Speaker 2  18:15
And in order to understand how to fix this problem, you have to understand this way of thinking. It's a critical

Unknown Speaker  18:21
way of thinking,

Speaker 2  18:24
once you understand that everything is a system that you can start identifying what are the systems that you need in order for a healthy nonprofit, you can identify how to upgrade and continually update those systems, you can learn how to define those systems.

Unknown Speaker  18:39
And then once you have them be fine,

Unknown Speaker  18:44
you can allow new team members to come into

Speaker 2  18:47
your organization and they can fit into the existing system, they know exactly what to do.

Unknown Speaker  18:54
That system produces accountability,

Unknown Speaker  18:58
that system provides measurement, that system allows you to know

Unknown Speaker  19:03
how well your volunteers are doing.

Unknown Speaker  19:06
Here's the

Speaker 2  19:07
challenge that I that I find a lot of people like you and I make that system so often feels so cold, so heartless, so inhumane, like your badge numbers, or you're you're

Unknown Speaker  19:20
you're not really in touch with

Unknown Speaker  19:22
the empathetic side of leadership.

Unknown Speaker  19:26
I want you to think about it.

Unknown Speaker  19:30
How much would it have meant to you

Unknown Speaker  19:34
to know that whenever you had a problem,

Speaker 2  19:39
that those problems would come to come to the surface, those problems would be resolved by the very next day,

Unknown Speaker  19:48
you knew

Speaker 2  19:50
that cheerleader would respond to those things every single day? What if you knew that if you veered off course or situations were changing in your life and the role that you're in or and was no longer a good fit for you? What if you knew that it was guaranteed everything

Unknown Speaker  20:06
three or six months

Unknown Speaker  20:09
plan would be putting in place to fix that?

Unknown Speaker  20:12
How would that make you feel about it? What if you

Speaker 2  20:15
knew that the other team member who was dead weight to the team who wasn't pulling their weight wasn't doing what they were supposed to do? What if you do that there was an active plan in place to resolve that issue.

Speaker 2  20:30
And once again, that this could continue for a couple of months, but that it was guaranteed that within three to six months, that issue would be directly addressed.

Speaker 2  20:42
Maybe the the individual will be moved, maybe the individual would be asked to go somewhere else? What if you do that? What would that have done for you as an as a volunteer, that's exactly what we did with this client.

Unknown Speaker  20:55
Do you know what that's exactly the

Unknown Speaker  20:56
kind of thing we can do for you,

Speaker 2  20:59
we can help offload these responsibilities, we can make it easier for you to onboard volunteers,

Unknown Speaker  21:07
we can help make it we can make it easier for you to

Unknown Speaker  21:12
show your your donors what you're doing with your money

Unknown Speaker  21:17
we can take some of these headaches

Speaker 1  21:21
from from you to help you remember to do certain critical tasks that

Speaker 1  21:26
quite frankly, happen here regularly or semi regularly. You just just can't keep track of that.

Speaker 1  21:38
But you know what, we can't do that. We've done that for others. But that doesn't mean it's the right fit for you. Here's what I'm convinced. I'm convinced

Speaker 2  21:46
that and every organization there's one or two changes if you were to make those changes would drive massive growth within that organization.

Unknown Speaker  21:54
I believe it's true for my own organization, my own business, I believe it's true for you

Unknown Speaker  22:00
and I want to help you find that.

Unknown Speaker  22:02
Here's why

Unknown Speaker  22:04
for a long time

Unknown Speaker  22:07
I tried it myself because I was so

Unknown Speaker  22:12
cantankerous with money,

Unknown Speaker  22:16
I spent a lot of time

Unknown Speaker  22:21
working as a software engineer

Unknown Speaker  22:23
working in,

Unknown Speaker  22:25
I spent so much time working

Unknown Speaker  22:28
in the Dilbert q

Unknown Speaker  22:31
make good money doing it. But it wasn't satisfied.

Unknown Speaker  22:35
But I still couldn't figure out what to do with all of my expertise that I accumulated there.

Unknown Speaker  22:41
I worked for

Unknown Speaker  22:41
a company that served fortune 500 clients

Speaker 1  22:47
and I could tell you, everything that I've done are the kind of kind of what I could I could talk to you about that that's not my point. My point is, I realized that I don't want to be doing just that I want to be doing something like that matters. I want to make an impact and I want to partner with people who want to make an impact

Speaker 1  23:08
Now like I said, this isn't for everybody it might not even be for you but I want to find I want to find

Unknown Speaker  23:15
out if it is for you

Unknown Speaker  23:18
I would it be through with you when we sell it's not a sales pitch

Speaker 1  23:24
sweet. We talked with you to determine whether or not it's a good fit and we turn people away because sometimes quite frankly, it's not where we're that they're at the business it's not where they're at the growth their organization

Unknown Speaker  23:36
find that many times as

Speaker 1  23:38
leaders it's easy to look for a solution that has solved somebody else but we don't look at exactly what stage or situation the other person was in when they chose that solution. So to help you look at that honestly effectively

Speaker 1  23:51
and understand where you're at as an organization where you want to go What are the obstacles that are getting there I want to understand you I would understand what drives you What's your mission what's your cause

Unknown Speaker  24:02
why are you here in the first place and then from there

Speaker 1  24:04
let's work together to determine what what's the best step next step for you sound like a deal that sounds like a deal to me so if you're up for that love for you to set up a time to call look

Unknown Speaker  24:17
I'd love for you to be able to drop

Unknown Speaker  24:18
it by office but that's not possible

Unknown Speaker  24:22
which you can't do instead is you can get with with

Unknown Speaker  24:26
just tax 719888 244

Speaker 1  24:26
or drop an email to Heidi at multiple your strengths calm and we'll make sure that you get on the calendar will set up a time to call I love to chat with you. So thanks for your time. Thanks for reading this letter

Unknown Speaker  24:42
Australian device.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai