Speaker 1  00:01
This is the walkthrough on the time X ray. The time X ray is broken up into different tabs, and I'm going to walk you through each of the tabs as best as I can remember along with explanations of how you should actually fill this thing out. So the first step in this whole process, of course, is the person's name. If we want to give them a login to it, then we also need an email address. But so name and email address for starters, I would really like to be able to know company management level and there's some demographic information I would really like to collect along the way we don't we haven't been doing that yet. As far as then the actual process of getting started there is a Getting Started tab. And there's a few things that we need. First of all, we need broad categories of how they're spending their time. Whereas the broad categories, it should be probably no less than three, and it should probably be no more than six. Now it is possible sometimes they don't remember the maximum number that we've had. But certainly people who are running a small company and they're wearing a lot of different hats that they end up having, you know, maybe eight or nine different categories that we end up with, but typically that's too granular. If you just have one or two, then it's it's probably not quite enough. So we get the names of all those categories. What are some examples, some examples might be, you know, it might be certainly easy to work at work with certain departments. It might be certain types of work, it might be

Unknown Speaker  01:58
team meetings, it might be firefighting, it might be management, it might be HR it might be any number of things. If you're a freelance consultant, it might be

Speaker 1  02:12
and you're doing different types of work. I don't really have a good guideline beyond that how to break it down. But I think it's pretty natural for people to find that category number two, that we have right now, on that first step is the frequency. Now frequency, I think I'm going to Currently you can define any frequency whatsoever. And in the future, what I'm going to do is allow you to opt in to certain frequencies. I think everybody should track daily, weekly and monthly frequencies. But it's possible that some people want more advanced frequencies like quarterly try annually, semi annually and annually. Beyond that, unless you have a six month project that you do every five years, you really don't need to account for anything past that point. And then the third question is, who are people that can support you in the process? And people go in one of two directions on this. They either put in the names of very specific people within their company that they can lean on, or they fill it in with names of positions, so controller, you know, HR, sales manager, sales, salesperson, customer service, etc. Now it's possible especially when you're working with an employee or you're working with a manager with a very small team that might not actually have are Freelancer employee, they might not actually have anything that they can put in there. So that might be blank. That's okay. Still works without it.

Speaker 1  04:24
So once you've got that, then you go into the next phase, and you get into the next tab. And the next tab is an analysis of your current time usage. And you'll see each of your categories that column and you'll see each of your frequencies in a row. And what I found to work best is you simply start with the first category, and you ask people, What is it that you do every day with? Let's say financials or it might be with lead follow up, or every day I spend, you know, let's say marketing. Say what do you do? Every day with marketing? Well, everyday I spend 3030 minutes when cold outreach and then what do you do weekly? Well, weekly, I do this type of reports and I spend this much amount of time doing XYZ you go through this for each of the frequencies then you move on to the next category. And as you go along. You can see the amount of time that you spend, per how much how much of your week you've accounted for how many hours you have a California week, and how much hours even California in each category in each week. I define that if you get too broad or too granular and sorry, if you get too broad. You'll run into trouble later when you're trying to categorize for example, if you would say, well I spend 16 hours doing this type of work and eight hours doing this type of work and 20 hours doing the similar type of work. And while that's basically my week, you're actually not going to be able to you don't have enough granularity to really meaningfully break that down. Because you might find that there's a third of that process that you really hate. And through that process you have nearly a third is just math that people sometimes don't take into account for meetings. They don't take into into account meeting preparation. distractions and interruptions are sometimes difficult to account for but

Unknown Speaker  06:41
they're a real cost. And so your goal is then to get it within

Speaker 1  06:51
your accuracy really doesn't actually matter all that much. Now, if you're working 50 hour work weeks and you only have 30 recorded or vice versa, then clearly there's something wrong. You might want to correct it but if you're working 45 hour weeks and you account for 40 or something or you know if it's within 10 to 15%. Probably, it's quite sufficient for what you want to do. And the next question is beyond that. So that's the second tab. third tab is how do you want to be spending your time what are the things that you're not getting to? And this has the exact same categories, the exact same frequencies. Sometimes this is the point at which people need to go add another category. Because there's a whole there's a whole category of things that they're not actually getting to that they need to be able to get to. You can see how many additional hours you want to account for. The goal with this is to be able to establish this this gives you a goal to work towards what you want to do with the time that you free up which I think is tremendously useful. And some people I believe at any stage you almost certainly want some kind of goal that you're working towards. So if you want to sometimes you just want to work less and you've got personal goals or something like that. They're driving you to work less so you want to do something with your time besides work. In that case, this really doesn't help that much. Although you could put like a side note, you could in either these fears you could, intermix personal and business responsibilities. I don't think that's actually meaningful. I think perhaps, if you want to make anything you might mix work responsibilities with volunteer like board related types of engagements. I don't see this as being particularly useful for recreational or family time, although I haven't tried it and it's possible that that could actually prove to be quite insightful. Maybe you're spending time mountain biking when you would actually much rather be spending time I don't know rock climbing and the time that you that the time goes, Okay, so if you won't get time it's pretty cool. If you want to make more money that's a clear goal. If you're looking at stress, really what you're saying is I don't really care about the time or money I just want to orient my life towards things that I enjoy more that are less wearing on me and it may be some combination of the two. But even with that you know there's often another goal that's kind of mixed in with that. So that's step three. Step four is now not completely sure if I have the order, right. I'm actually going to check him out. Step four is the joy factor. And currently this is displayed as numbers and they really should be displayed as labels. Each timeslot that you've specified needs to be broken down into one of four categories. You hate it, you dislike it, you like it, or you love it. And in this particular scenario, I don't allow for any neutrality. You have to it has to fall on one side or the other. And even if you slightly enjoy it more than you dislike it, you cannot be neutral. And so you take so you go through all of these categories and you move it from one place to the next. Now, you might find that in here here is where people really start recognizing sometimes when things are not as granular as they should

Speaker 1  11:01
be. They may say, Well, I don't know. And you start asking questions, and it's like, well, I like part of the meetings, but I don't like the other half of the meetings and you're like, Okay, well, let's split your meetings into two parts. Let's split your meetings. Into the, you know, for some entrepreneurs, it might be I like meetings about all the future exciting stuff that we're doing. I hate meetings about operations. So okay, how much time and then you go back to how are you spending your time and you split up their meetings between meetings they're spending on vision and meetings are spending in operations and then you go back and you divide those meetings out, and all of a sudden you have something that, you know, their vision vision meetings are at a plus two and their ops meetings are minus minus two and you've certainly brought major clarity and so this is a good opportunity to be splitting these into pieces. So you do that for the joy factor. The next step is the value. The hourly value and with the hourly value, the hourly values and orders of magnitude starts with $1 An hour $10 100,000 or $10,000 an hour. If I had to provide text labels for this dollar an hour is things that you really should not be doing. $10 an hour is for entry level activities. That any kind of off the street and entry level employee. And it could be that it is somebody who has some basic skills, but they're still an entry level employee $100 an hour I would quantify as somebody who is a highly skilled technician or somebody who is a manager. $1,000 an hour I would classify as executive level activities, setting team culture setting vision setting, you know, maybe even be hiring and firing and and market research and or directing market research and leading your managers developing your managers and determining strategic direction new products launch products to kill off. Working on working on market position. All of these types of will actually work in market position moves in the next fear but those are types of things that you would find in the in the executive level. And then the $10,000 an hour is what I would classify as investor level. These are questions like you know, high level questions around are we making, are we making money? Are we in the right market? What's our market position? What are the trends over the next five years? How do we bend those trends? How do we you know, et cetera, et cetera. And those are extremely high leverage activity. That's extremely high leverage activity. Now, I will observe that these buckets are granular and rough by intention and by design. And so you do have to make judgment calls in order to do this. And you might even find that some of these are somewhat challenging to make. Let's say that you have self care on the list. Well, where self care it's more than 10 Nobody else can do it for you. It's probably 100 enhances your productivity but it might actually be $1,000 now work for you. For you to create sustainability and, and leverage. You know, from a some of the building processes is extremely high leverage work, working the kind of the working on your business type of type of workforce versus working in at the point that you you know, $100 an hour work is working in your business and then at the point that you start crossing to working on there maybe, you know, again, it depends on does it actually have to be yours as somebody else that may can easily shift into $1,000 An hour work. So you take all your stuff, and you break it apart into these pieces. Typically, at this point, you've done a reasonably good job of breaking these things apart. And as I recall, there's a lot fewer splits that happen in hourly value than they do enjoy factor. I think that most of these are more clear cut, but there may still be parts of meeting prep. For example, if you have an annual leadership off site, you may have meeting prep that involves assembling a whole bunch of materials from you know, reports and financials that you may be hanging on to. So you may actually find at this point that you're saying, well, meeting prep is divided into two pieces. I don't actually mind it all that much. But somebody else should really be that standalone, our work. To assemble the financials, or maybe 100, but probably 10 you can spell it out in an SOP very quickly.

Speaker 1  16:00
Whereas some of the other agenda topics our agenda preparation is $1,000 An hour work. Especially when you consider that you've got your senior leadership teams spending time together, the preparation that you spend on that is extremely high leverage. So that's hourly value. And now we've collected all the information that we really need in order to make the next step, which is what's your action plan before you can get to your action plan this is action plan is the next tab was counted the number of minutes, maybe five or so. Number five or so, the action plan before you can see or develop your action plan you have to give input to which is your priority. Do you want to prioritize the lower stress or do you want to prioritize lower more money less stress more money and this cannot be 5050 but it can be a blending it can also not be 100 zero so you got only optimize for stress and you cannot only optimize for money but you can pick a ratio in there. Maybe you want to optimize a little bit for stress and a little more for stress and money you might do a 6040 blend or something like that. And then once you've established that, you will get a list of all of your activities sorted with the ones that you should offload first. So you and then you go through the list, and you can assign any one of these to a specific individual or you can leave them at assigned and then you can specify notes with them as as well. Now, here's an here's a some thoughts about the design of the software. We originally had an action plan which is eliminate automate or delegate. And that sounded good in practice, but it's really too restrictive for this types of report. And I would just I think it would be better just to have a free flowing text field that says, For this activity, who should it be assigned to? And what's the assignment? Or what's you know, are you delegating? Are they assigned to actually figure out a way to automate it? Or do you just now the downside of this is that you don't have a way to indicate that you're eliminating it. So I don't really know how you want to do that. It's possible that in the assignee we should maybe have a you know, open friend. Eliminate closed print option and an option for yourself. So for example, you might I don't know, that's, I'm getting a little into the weeds and I'm not completely sure the best way to structure this the the Automate eliminate delegate is somewhat useful, but it'd be useful to maybe maybe it should just be comments in addition to that we don't have that right now. But you just work your way through the list, and where do all these things need to go? And at what point, do you you know, at some point, you start getting into territory that you should be that you really shouldn't be letting go of and you just stopped going through the list at that point. At that point. You're now ready to generate a report. The report has a whole bunch of details at this point. I'm gonna pull one up so that I can go through it first of all, it shows your your goals and things that you want to start working on. It shows you your time value as well as a breakdown so where you currently based in how you rank your activities. How what is your what is your hourly value? If you're offloading things, or what is your how much what is your hourly hourly value things you're offloading and of your what's the goal or the value that you want to start doing? And then once this is all said and done, if you make this transition, what's your target hourly value that you're going to and what's your hourly value increase? So if you're offloading 20 hours of $10 an hour tasks and you're able to replace it with if you just replace it with nothing all of a sudden your hourly value goes way up. Now your weekly output doesn't go up that much because you're not working more hours but if you have a goal to spend an additional hour a week and $1,000 an hour work then well your hourly rate is average hourly average rate is going to go up. Next section and that is weekly time savings. It's just grunt hours, offloaded hours go hours, what's what's the target hours and then how much time are you saving? Similar categories, similar things my stress and then there's further what's how much stress are you actually going to save? And then there's a further breakdown by time by category and stress by category. And then the last section is all of the things it's kind of your to do list all the things that you said you're going to offload and who you should be offloading to. So, and then the last page is printable, and you're able to do what you want with it.

Speaker 1  21:03
One of the one of my brother's suggestions was that we would have a free flowing, flowing multi line text box where we could add comments and observations and takeaways so that you could have some kind of personalized. Hey, here's what I took away from it. And here's things that I've observed. And you could actually capture some of the client's own interpretation. of what's actually happening. With this

Unknown Speaker  21:31
and. So that's the rundown of the time X ray. As I mentioned, there are some technological limitations. Around the leading doings of the categories and some of those types of things.

Speaker 1  22:15
Those are things that need to be cleaned up. But overall, it's at least in a reasonable beta form. And it's usable.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai