Speaker 1  00:03
So I had another epiphany about UDP versus TCP communication. Next implementation with Python, I'm sorry with meal slots versus TCP client server versus broadcast versus peer to peer. Which is actually really interesting because if you have if, if you have a difference between peer to peer communication is that you're all communicating to each other in the hopes that whoever gets to hear whoever needs to hear what it needs to hear will will get the information however, really, the interesting thing is that you and then that that means each individual has to filter out what it is that they need to hear or what they don't need to hear. But the point of a hierarchy is that you have a single point of contact information flows through and that person's responsibility is to marshal information and prioritize information so that the right information gets to the right person, and so that people are not overloaded with unnecessary information. So there are there are two, you know, okay, so there's the real time communication which is, um, sending a message to them. But then there's also the delayed communication. So real time communication basically is like it, like literally it's like a chat. It's like, I'm gonna send you a message. I mean, so first you have the the peer to peer chat, which is like, I'm going to tell everybody this right now. Then it's like, I have a direct message, which is I'm gonna go to the server and when the person asks, which is basically always, instantaneously that information is going to go directly to that person. But then we also have targeted information that is not real time, which is what conventionally email used to be where you used to go in and you'd say, hey, I want to know my email. Now, there's also other ways of time communication, which is, which is some other event triggers to communication of information. So for example, somebody is working on a project, they finish up the project. They tell their managers management manager says okay, the manager puts this information at a certain place. And whenever the other person who's supposed to be working on this project, needs this information, they will go to that place and they will get the information at their leisure and there's no because in this case you know, there's some coordination because there's a clear knowledge of where this needs to be put in somebody somebody actually oversees the location of where it gets put, but it reduces some of the friction and some of the time delay and some of the events and absolutely most of the noise because when you because targeted communication is not just about who hears it, it's about when they hear it, and are they hearing it at the appropriate time. And when you increase the relevance of the person with the relevance of the timing, you dramatically increase the quality of the communication

Speaker 1  03:27
and thereby, you thus reduce their information overload so one of your primary jobs as a leader is to reduce information overload for yourself, which is something that I've done by saying, I'm not ready for this information rather than trying to remember it. I'm going to put it into a location where I can recall this information at a future date. Like we're doing like our every effort is to is to manage the flow of information. And then your secondary goal is to do this on behalf of your team. Because you don't want your team to get overloaded with information. So you first of all, withhold information from them that's not relevant. But then you also create space for them. You also give them the tools that they need to monitor and manage their email, their flow of information and you do this by default. If all else fails, the flow of information will just come down to who happened to send the wrong thing at the wrong time. And it will all come down to an issue of volume and timing. And what you want to do is you want to you want to restrict the flow of information for for maximum maximum throughput So, there you go. If you if you if you do not have one, there's there's also normal speeds. And there's also burst speeds which means that there are certain times where maybe you only be using 25% of your bandwidth. But then during a certain peak periods, you may be using 100% of your bandwidth. This is the equivalent of how many times if you've been on a zoom call and somebody says, Hey, I'm gonna kick my kid off the router because he's gaming. Why is that? He didn't they didn't have proper prioritization of communication. They said, the router was saying, Hey, we have all this information. We're just gonna try to figure out kind of how to pass this through. And instead, you need a way to actively reduce noise and say this is less important. If you don't prioritize communication, then you're going to lose information. It's going to fall apart. And so what you want to do in your in your kids case is you want to say gaming traffic is the least important. And so when capacity is restricted, then don't don't respond to this. So how does what does this look like in terms of email communication, in terms of meetings, there are certain meetings, that when you get busy, they should automatically drop off your schedule, and there's some meetings that absolutely never should drop off your schedule, for example, your financial heartbeat ceremony. If you're not doing this, you absolutely should do this. This is one of those meetings that I that this is the last meeting of the week that I will ever cancel. There are other canceled other meetings in the opposite end. One of my team members and I have a working session each week where we work through various parts or pieces of the business. That's one of the first things to go because it's it has low urgency and low impact. Some of the some of the pieces that we work on ends up being very important, but that's one of the first pieces to go. In the middle. We've got certain types of client work meetings that show up where are things with, with project stakeholders where I need to communicate with them so these projects can keep moving forward so it doesn't become sudden become a bottleneck or constraint. Same with your email when you organize your email based on the things that absolutely MUST REPLY. Immediately like what what are things that require an immediate response? What are the things that report will require an eventual response? And then what timeframe and then there are the things that require review that some of this decision are things that require are just strictly informational. And so how do you split these things out? You know, I don't really know how to. I mean, that's, you have to the more that you prioritize, the more effectively you're going to be able to manage your bandwidth otherwise you're gonna get crushed. And by the way, I do this with my email subscriptions. I have emails that I think I should read about daily, weekly and monthly and maybe doesn't quite come out like that daily because like, several times a week maybe sometimes it's more often sometimes it's less often. Weekly is maybe about that and monthly are quite frankly most of the time those are things that I should almost unsubscribe from but I'm still too curious about it and you know when I'm when I'm busy, none of those things get read when I'm

Unknown Speaker  08:18
when I've got extra time on my hands, those are the things that show up. Or if I just need a break or something like that


Transcribed by https://otter.ai