Unknown Speaker  00:41
I'm Matthias Good morning.

Matthias Miller  00:43
Hey, good morning Marissa. Hi. How are you doing this morning? I'm doing good I'm doing good. We are

Speaker 1  00:53
in the swing of Christmas over here are tree decorated and the kids are just like bursting with excitement already it's so cute. That's awesome doing well. I have my little daughter at home with me today with an ear infection that she's on her it's actually quite funny because she her ears are so full she can't hear very well and she's just looking at me with this like really funny expression like bigger eyebrows and for like so I have to remind myself to make sure that I asked her like what did I say

Unknown Speaker  01:34
back to me I feel like I'm doing some type of counseling mirroring you know how they think.

Speaker 1  01:41
Your spouse like you repeat back what you heard so that you know that you both understood each other. Yep. So that was a five year old is pretty fun.

Matthias Miller  01:56
Funny Well,

Speaker 1  01:58
Tories message should be a bit late this morning. So I'm expecting her in a few minutes or whatever. Okay, I'm here. Tory What timing Tori you're just shooting the breeze hit a couple of questions probably. For Michael if you'll be joining the call. I have a couple of things we can look at.

Matthias Miller  02:25
Oh, you're no

Speaker 1  02:27
Tori. Can I tell? Can I tell Matthias about the video I sent you yesterday? I don't know. Do you use Instagram personally? Do you have an account?

Matthias Miller  02:39
I have an account but I don't use it. Okay, personally at all.

Speaker 1  02:42
I might be able to send you this link then because I think all you have to have is an account it was like crying with laughter I'm gonna send it to you right now. I'll put it in the No I'll put it in an indirect message here. Let me know if you can view it when you click on it. Oh no me. Is that the right link? Yeah, that's right link right

Matthias Miller  03:14
I don't know if it'll be similar to discord link.

Speaker 1  03:17
Let me I think I need the message and then get the original here comes the original. There we go. So you can open it and laugh and then I'll give the description so Michael knows what it is as well because it was just so funny. It was so the caption that I sent Tori for this video when you have it open is when the customer sends you pictures of the yard for placement, but not the driveway. Let me know if

Matthias Miller  03:51
you see it. That's nerve racking. Do you see it funny?

Unknown Speaker  03:57
Honestly, that I was gonna fall off.

Speaker 1  04:00
So it is literally Michael for your benefit here on this call. It is a video of a truck hauling a shed over a river on like a wooden bridge that was built to only carry foot traffic. Like probably in I don't know maybe the landscape to me looks like an Asia but I'm not 100% Sure it could be South America. But it's like a gushing river and this poor guy is going over this like very very rickety bridge with a shed. It's so funny.

Matthias Miller  04:40
You're Michael passed down to Ronaldo. Ronaldo. And if he's he's around he's got an account if he's around 1120 cheap as well. Oh sure. Great.

Speaker 1  04:52
It's it's funny. But always send a picture of where they want the building but not you know the driveway that you have to go I'm funny times. Yeah, something silly for the morning. I do have a question though, along those lines, and this one's to kind of be more a little more serious, a little more tactical. So Derrick Lewis is a customer, and he's actually slotted for, I think, December 9, in as a deadline date, and his original building won't fit. So we have sent him new paperwork for a smaller building. And I would like to cancel the first order that he placed. I basically sent him, you know, a revision, he's reviewed it. So I wanted to go through that because I have not had to cancel anything. And I feel like this is a good kind of a general experience here as well. And I see some stuff as far as like, under the sales order, where there's some buttons about, you know, wholesale complete canceled, but I don't know if there's other steps to take to formally canceled an order.

Matthias Miller  06:10
I'm not saying just a little bit,

Speaker 2  06:15
it seems like I should really quickly do my homework, just confirm one last round that there's nothing been done to that order. Okay, as far as fielding or anything, and I can do that here in one minute. Before we just if we if, if, if we need to just completely cancel it out. Or if there was something done to it, we should make a change order to it like or make it another invoice for a lawsuit or something. So while you talk about how to cancel it. With Matthias, I'm going to just step away from my desk one minute and confirm that there's actually nothing in production.

Speaker 1  06:51
Okay. Yes, Derek, do you want the sales number?

Unknown Speaker  06:58
That would be that'd be great.

Speaker 1  07:00
It's on the N quote was n 22111514. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  07:09
I'll be right back.

Speaker 1  07:10
Thank you so much. He has to do which I think had brought it up on a previous call. And that was kind of prompting the cancellation and resending as opposed to making a modification because he signed for, you know, pricing and whatnot on the RTO.

Matthias Miller  07:30
I don't actually know because there's also the building record that's going into the building itself that's going into production. So I don't know if the building and the sales order have to be canceled, but at the same time, or whether canceling suits are actually cancelling the building as well.

Speaker 1  07:49
Okay. I dropped it into the dealer support General tab and hoping to get maybe, I don't know who would handle that Nick or Lindsey, on that side of the aisle.

Matthias Miller  08:07
Between perhaps, going to be in meetings this morning, okay. I mean, as long as long as Mike's on on the same page with the team there it's you know, certainly we can wait until later in the day to cancel it but

Unknown Speaker  08:23
yeah, sounds good.

Matthias Miller  08:25
There is a host of these types of things.

Unknown Speaker  08:28
Hey, Mike, would you find

Speaker 2  08:31
so it fortunately was not put in production he was right on the edge. So we're good there. So it we got it stopped. And if you do cancel, that's perfectly fine. And we just cancel out completely and start over.

Speaker 1  08:47
Okay. So Matthias, I will wait to hear from Dwayne or Nick on that technical process there

Matthias Miller  08:57
and then make it sounds right to you just override the deadline date for the new new building and stick it in the same approximately same place and mine is as the old building

Speaker 2  09:11
Correct? Yes. And if you're not able to do that on your end, Marissa. You can you can have purple or help with that.

Unknown Speaker  09:19
Okay, thank you. That's very nice, Toby. I'll be happy

Speaker 3  09:26
Okay, Suzanne says building was delivered yesterday. Oh.

Unknown Speaker  09:32
Do you get pictures

Speaker 3  09:33
accidentally for pictures? I actually this morning though so okay. Yeah, I'm excited to see

Speaker 1  09:42
nice. We Tori we have to start like a library of pictures we received from customers posts. sailors have somewhere we can, you know kind of have like the online team's sales record or evidence evidence of the I agree.

Speaker 3  10:00
Yeah. Yeah, that'd be nice. As soon as I get those cars I'm gonna say went up to him. Thank You card.

Speaker 1  10:07
They should be in your they should be at your place by Thursday, I believe was the the lady at the post office said so. Okay, you two more days? Perfect.

Speaker 3  10:21
Hey Matthias I noticed something on the questionnaire on opportunities. Sometimes it doesn't have the question of what siding type would you like best?

Matthias Miller  10:32
That's interesting. See,

Speaker 1  10:39
are they just skipping over it potentially? Like,

Matthias Miller  10:42
it's one of two things either. We do have, I believe we've got different forms that people use, whether they're coming from obviously, this is true.

Matthias Miller  10:58
I believe we have different different forms, whether they're coming through a Google Google ad or whether they're just coming to the standard website. So it's possible. We're not asking for citing on that one. But let me actually make sure I'm telling you the truth here.

Matthias Miller  11:13
Okay. Okay, yeah, we do. We do have different forms. So it's possible that it's coming from somebody who didn't come through an ad but they're coming through district to the website, where some reasons or perhaps they saw an ad right down the name, something like that. Didn't click directly through came came to the website. And

Matthias Miller  11:47
yeah, it would be this is one of those things. I'll make a note here is one of those things that would be good to do at some point, it has been a huge push to consolidate the public website with the with the the version that we use for running Google ads, but I'm guessing if you if you look closely, probably there's no I would expect there to be no How do you want to be contacted? link there as well. Let me see. answering question.

Speaker 3  12:42
Most of us like to be in touch if we have questions. Yeah, that is there actually.

Matthias Miller  12:47
nowadays. So it might be then that it's simply an optional question. That's true. In which case, that might be why it's excluded. And to use it. Root style. Citing type it is an optional question.

Speaker 3  13:05
Gotcha. Okay. Usually on that I'll just like explain all the different sightings or just include the different sightings we have, but maybe quoting them for the basic one, or vinyl

Matthias Miller  13:22
I wonder if there's any there's not really a real reason I can see them let that be optional though. It's not a difficult question to answer at all

Speaker 3  13:40
it's not a huge deal. I just I just didn't know I just thought every so often maybe like one out of 15 Please that come in okay. Alright, any other

Speaker 1  14:20
sorry I don't think I have any other tactical questions from closers, sales Tory, how about you any other tactical questions as we're kind of hitting our midweek stride here?

Speaker 3  14:41
No, nothing, nothing on the top of my head. Okay.

Speaker 1  14:50
Think Matthias we have some time set later in the week to review the December campaign and the offer that will be sending out to folks as far as securing a brace now for up until April 30. I, I think the best deal I just wanted to express this is the 10% off. I know we talked about running that in January when it's slow. And my just expression of concern here was, I have a feeling that we will have leads in December, that because the final week of the year is the Christmas holiday, that there will be folks that we potentially will have quoted in December, and could close in January, just with how busy people get and things going out of sight out of mind. We had quite a few leads over the weekend, Tory helped me I sent reassigned at least three of them to her to get enough quotes out the door for the day yesterday. So I think we at least each had about 16 Waiting in our inbox. Now, granted, they haven't called us back. So that doesn't mean they're a qualified lead. But if we keep a strong piece like that with our leads over these, you know, Friday, Saturday, Sundays, there's a there is a potential we'll have quotes in December that get purchased in January. So I've wanted to just make a mention of that. Because in November, we definitely emphasized quoted in November sold in November, you get the discount. But I don't, I think it may be in our best interest to include December quoted folks into that January deal. But I don't know how you guys feel about that. And you know, kind of making sure that it's a discount that's still kind of exclusive, and not too broad or not pushing people to delay their purchase. Too long. So just wanted to bring that up. Because you know, just a sense that folks are kind of hesitating to finally pull that trigger right before the holidays, but they possibly may in January with that percentage applied.

Matthias Miller  17:09
Could we could we do something like all? Like, can we extend December into like the January 7, or whatever it is? first week of January? And then right on the heels of that we could switch into I think we're talking about actually about doing maybe a 6.75%?

Unknown Speaker  17:32
Yes, that's right.

Matthias Miller  17:35
Right on the heels of that switch over to the discount. And so, so, so theoretically, you might have people who so the goal would be to close as many people that you can offer guaranteed price, right. And then at that point, we no longer have the guaranteed price. And I don't know how I mean, at the end of the day, will we? So So rather than in then. I mean, they could still ask to have the shed delivered later. But we wouldn't necessarily make that offer we just delivered as soon as we can. Let's see ask what are your thoughts on that?

Speaker 1  18:27
Can you rephrase that concern? One more time, I'm trying to process it.

Matthias Miller  18:31
My proposal, okay. Rather than stacking offers, so lock in your price. And now a discount. And we're not going to go this far. But hang around next month, and you can throw in the next option. The next motional item is as well for free. We would in December, we would try to push the lock in your price. Deliver anytime, you know up until the deadline up until latest delivery date. And then but but to accommodate for the holidays, we would push it into the first week of January. And then we would so first week of January we would try to we would close out that and then we would close out that promotion. And then we would immediately turn around to anybody who hasn't bought and said hey, by the way, we're doing the 6.75%. Okay,

Speaker 1  19:25
yeah, I think that's a that's a strong that correlates with what I was thinking with is where we run the December sale a little longer, because I think the week of Christmas is going to be quite quiet on maybe not quite on inquiries, but I think quiet on communications, speaking with leads and actually closing sales. I think people will be on their phones doing their question years, but I don't think there'll be getting back to us as frequently. I could be wrong, but that's just a guess. And then if we extend the December, kind of have a hard stop like you're saying on January seven's and then move into the next promotion. I like that. Yeah, I think that would be good. So just to clarify my original question, if someone was quoted in December, and they kind of, I don't know, kick the tire for a bit, they could be eligible for the January 6.75%. If they happen to kick the tires that long.

Matthias Miller  20:34
Kick your tires. That was that long. But I think then we would, you know, they were asking for? Well, I don't know. I don't know that it really? Yeah, it can happen. Okay. But the goal is the goal, though, is to give as many opportunities for people to I mean, not as many we don't, we don't want people to get used to blowing past these types of deadlines. For sure. Right. But at the same time, we also want to give people opportunity to close the deal. Right. And, and for a lot of people, goodness for all of us, how many things do we have that are important? And if we don't have a deadline attached, it doesn't happen? So yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  21:23
Michael, do you have any, any thoughts on that?

Speaker 2  21:27
That's good that to two things that I that I have was on on the promotional for January, sort of like the idea of maybe continuing to monitor the marketplace, and determining that exact number that we think is the most effective to actually implement them, based off of you know, the Morison findings at that point? On what exactly should that number be? Should it be 6.75? Should it be 10%? Should it eight should it be four or whatever it may be based on what we sort of feel like I'm doing my market studies weekly now and sort of get a bit try to get a read where we think is the most effective seems to be something that might be a good thing to consider. And then to, to to implement your idea here that you were discussing Matthias starting this I know there was there was work to to write up all of this LinkedIn stuff to get ready to go out on this auto responder. How does that look now Matthias RS implementation timeframes for the start this December? I can your pricing.

Matthias Miller  22:47
So I am. I am working on I have rough drafts of the first two emails and might need to defer and might actually just need to get those out. And then and then work on the next emails next week. But mostly the call on Thursday, what I would like to do is get you familiar with Active Campaign segmenting and Email Setup.

Unknown Speaker  23:17
Yep.

Matthias Miller  23:19
And so, Mike, I'm hoping to get those first two emails, email drafts out. out to you and Calvin and crew to look over. And then And then we'd be planning to run that. So we do the same is the same cadence that we use last month, this Saturday, Saturday afternoon, we'd have an email coming from Gabe saying, look out for something Monday morning, Monday morning, we'd have the an email. And then what was it Friday, Friday, and then Monday morning and Monday afternoon. This offers going I mean, like, yeah, get it coded.

Speaker 1  24:04
My first question on that as well, the the timing of Saturday to Monday, is that did we make that at random? Or was that something that we've seen historically helpful as far as you know, a primer, and then uh, delivering the news on those particular days based on when people are active or opening emails. Personally, I don't necessarily find myself in my inbox on the weekend as often as I would during the week because of work. I just didn't know I don't know if that was like a pattern that works good in marketing

Matthias Miller  24:50
so

Matthias Miller  24:59
I Um, well, so it you might not be in your inbox as much. A lot of these are personal email accounts. It is a, it is a, it is a pattern used more broadly in, in marketing, gotcha in email marketing and so I mean, we could take a look at open rates from the, I think, did we actually get some replies to it last time, that first email? Maybe we didn't?

Unknown Speaker  25:33
I think we got a few things people were.

Matthias Miller  25:39
Yeah, I'm thinking that I would. So here's my vote. If we want to test it, I would wait to test it until we're testing it on a very similar offer. So it's, it's either 10% off or it's if it's some other percent off. But yeah, it does give one more chance to five is kind of this five to five or six emails is kind of a sweet spot before you. Sorry, I think we also had a midweek, midweek email as well. But you don't want to you don't want to just blast them every single day. But you also do you need to keep sending the emails out. Because there are emails that get overlooked. They don't check it every day. Things get busy. need reminders. So

Speaker 3  26:23
cool. Is there a chance that we could send out maybe two of these through text message I know this doesn't target everybody, but maybe like the first day send it out through text message for people that have opted in, opted in with that option? And maybe like the last day?

Unknown Speaker  26:41
That's a cool idea. Sorry, one more time.

Speaker 3  26:48
Yeah, I was wondering if there was a way that we could maybe send it out through text message, just maybe one of the one or two of the days the first day and last day, just so they're not bombarded with, you know, all of these messages coming straight to their phone, but it'll probably reach probably about 30% of people, you know, just straight to their phone. Yeah, just another option to just another option for more reach.

Matthias Miller  27:15
Agreed. And I think if we can phrase it in such a way that it looks like a personal text from you.

Speaker 1  27:29
Yeah, yeah, that'd be really neat. Auditory, throughout this week for you, and I know this is a reminder to myself, is to just make sure that I have tagged everyone that I've spoken with, so that if we need to pull a list of people that are, you know, eligible to do that, like we are filtering that A, they have texted us, and then maybe two, or they've given us approval to text them. And then we've either connected with them already, or sent them some type of notification, like where we were putting that tag on everyone to hit contacted sales. Unless we just want it to go to everyone that's approved. For texting, keep it broader.

Speaker 3  28:17
Yeah, we can definitely do that. Yeah. What do you think will be best Matthias? It goes to everyone that have has opted in, or just the people that we've communicated, or that has Texas that I guess I would say,

Matthias Miller  28:34
well, if, if you have, if you have, I'm gonna guess the answer to everything is test. But if they haven't texted you back to personal outreach, they probably won't text you back to this. It might just be mean part of this may also just be let me talk to Jonathan and our media buyer and, and brainstorm with him just a dialogue with him a little bit on SMS marketing. And see if he's got recommendations on how to approach this and what what segment to use.

Speaker 1  29:14
When we're filtering for this particular promotion, can we utilize their question? Question that they've answered about when they want their shed, so that we can send it to folks that are thinking about the future? Is there a way to do that? If like three months from now, or 2023 instead of the first week

Matthias Miller  29:48
we could I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to drop off here. Yes, we can filter by that.

Unknown Speaker  29:58
Okay, cool. That'd be good. To be continued,

Matthias Miller  30:05
continued. Okay. Okay. Awesome. Good luck. Have a good day. All right, thanks. Appreciate it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai