Unknown Speaker  00:21
Alright guys, Mike, how are you doing? Good.

Speaker 1  00:27
I had to take my car in for appointment. So unless I'll just I'm outside at the moment, if the noise is too much, let me know or if the heat is too much, I'll go in for me. I'll go inside so.

Unknown Speaker  00:38
Okay, sounds good. Sounds good. Have you been?

Speaker 1  00:44
Okay, it's been interesting developing some marketing doing some other stuff. How about you? I mean, this is a topic of the college either day, but I mean, just in general. Yeah. Okay.

Matthias Miller  00:56
Yeah. Yeah. In general, I've been been good. It's been generally busy. And kind of a balance between keeping things going that already have going and finding, finding where I want to go next. And myself personally, and family are doing well. So yeah, definitely have.

Speaker 1  01:23
That's always the hardest balance, determining what to do next while you're also doing something, so.

Matthias Miller  01:34
Yes, it is. I really appreciate you your ongoing willingness to dialogue about about this stuff. To your point actually had a randy were deer example, past a few people. And when I ran it past one of my team members, he said, Well, yeah, it's kind of that except you're not actually the guy in the middle, you're the guy standing off to the side and saying, Hey, if you do this, and you do this, then then you guys will have alignment. Which is actually probably a fair analogy. And when I was, when I shared the example with my dad, he's like, Well, that actually sounds a lot like a synchronizer. On a gearbox. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  02:28
And,

Matthias Miller  02:30
like, okay, and that analogy is probably actually a better analogy,

Unknown Speaker  02:36
then,

Matthias Miller  02:39
than the way that I perhaps had been understanding or hearing that?

Speaker 1  02:45
Well, so it's kind of, you know, the question for you is going to be, do you care if it's either one of those two examples, whether you're in the middle or you're the, you know, sort of the regulator, if you will, a synchronizer, outside in, you know, helping to communicate sync or whatever? I mean, because there are roles may actually be both, you know, I mean, depending on how you structure it, you could be kind of like that interim executive in the middle or, you know, something similar, or you could just be the advisor helping to facilitate the synchronization?

Matthias Miller  03:23
Well, I think the places where I've consistently seen,

Unknown Speaker  03:27
probably the,

Matthias Miller  03:31
if I had to frame it in the places where I've been the happiest and have been, probably, where I've seen it working most consistently, I've been kind of the more the synchronizer in the outside. Run,

Speaker 1  03:49
if you're in between, that implies a different level of responsibility and a type of responsibility too. Right. So that's, that's more like, like I said, almost like an interim manager or something else. Because if you're in between that cannot get you know, conflated with making sure you ensure results, etc. Right? It's easy for the executive to just say, well, but I hasn't got it, you know, I haven't run with it.

Matthias Miller  04:21
Well, maybe it would be helpful for me to hear a little bit of how you would describe that, that distinction, because in some form or fashion.

Unknown Speaker  04:30
Actually, maybe maybe this is maybe this is what it is. I don't have the kind of hard

Matthias Miller  04:44
hard nosed hardline conscientiousness to in terms of I guess, you want to use Big Five personality terms. I guess what I'm looking for, to read You really freak out and take ownership when situations go wildly sideways. Now when a when a situation goes wildly sideways, and again, this is getting perhaps a little nuanced, but and I'm called in to take a look at the situation, I fairly willingly dive in. But

Unknown Speaker  05:20
the

Matthias Miller  05:22
kind of going back to my statement of I've always done better when when there's been somebody else who's been really driving the project forward. And they need some kind of auxilary force that is not that is something other than

Unknown Speaker  05:38
I need somebody to with

Matthias Miller  05:42
a high degree of energy to push this thing

Speaker 2  05:44
forward. Does that make sense? Yes. Makes sense. Okay.

Matthias Miller  05:53
I think that's another data coming in. That's another way of saying that mean, just kind of emphasizing what like this is this is pointing to more of in an advisory role versus interim thinking of interim management, or interim role is that?

Speaker 1  06:11
Yes. So that's part of the reason why I was, you know, delving further into this, because what you described is not like an interim executive role, or, you know, some kind of any kind of interim role, it is an advisor role. So you want to make sure that, yes, you know, an executive says, hey, you know, can you be interim, whatever CIOs, you know, whatever it is, you're probably gonna say,

Unknown Speaker  06:42
I could, however,

Speaker 1  06:45
and then explain, you know, the ramifications of it in a way that will convince them though, maybe that's not the best idea. Yeah, because part of this, usually, you know, unless the person that you're helping to translate to and from who's lower than the exec, we'll just call it the CEO, right, just for ease of this, wherever the CEO is trying to communicate with, unless they're fundamentally not up to the task in aren't either willing or able to be developed. I mean, they're not far enough along to, you know, to even be developed from a company perspective, or they're not willing or able to be developed.

Speaker 1  07:30
You know, part part of the role here is development of that person, you know, to hopefully to be able to be more fluid than the what they're doing. However, it's not development in the sense of, you're taking responsibility for getting that person up to speed when you leave, because then that actually changes the dynamic between away from enabling better the CEO and whoever the person is to operate better, right? Because the CEO, it's easier for them to just say, Well, let me just let the pious I guess, is handle it, you know, I'll communicate with him and they never meet and you leave. And now they're a little bit back the same way they weren't. Yep. Yep. So that's good. So that means that, you know, that clarifies that piece, you know, because before, like at the summit, some other things, you know, that was, it may not have been centered on the radar, but it's something you know, you're thinking, Oh, I could do that. Well, I'm sure you could do that. But you know, you want to do that. And it doesn't sound like in your current painting of the picture that that's really advantageous to

Matthias Miller  08:50
Yeah, I think you're right. And I think part of this part of the reason for me even considering this is because there's been some kind of an ascension role where it's, like I'm good at coding, I hate coding, let me get out of coding system design is much better. And in the in that sense, and then you know, I really do I really do enjoy developing people and working with people but I really dislike carrying the weight of responsibility I would much rather have other people actually carry that weight. And so you know, kind of by default, ended up building a team that stateside a small state sales team for my brother to help handle sales and marketing and, and system design. And now I'm heavily involved in system design and my greatest, greatest challenge there is, hey, I think we should go hire somebody else to take my placement system design, which I know that's a big request because I know our platform extremely well. And I'm actually probably naturally gifted Well, I am naturally gifted in some form of pattern recognition and things like that that are

Unknown Speaker  10:05
that are required here. And yet

Matthias Miller  10:12
you know, I want to get, I want to get out of get out of that out of that space.

Speaker 1  10:20
Yeah, well, pattern recognition is, is an essential trait, and for most consultants as well. So it's not like it's antithetical to what you're trying to do?

Unknown Speaker  10:31
Sure. I think so. And I've,

Matthias Miller  10:44
you know, Perry's advice has been kind of like, go find the things that have worked for you in the past. And let's go find more of those things. I was listening to for the evolution 2.0 podcasts were, I think Michael Levin was talking about how but how our understanding of consciousness is incorrect. And basically, cells are really intelligent machines that you put into an environment and then based on the way they respond to the environment actually produce what they end up producing, which is much of the warning this is getting perhaps too deep and philosophical, but much of the challenge that I face with much of the conversation around unique unique ability and areas of focus and consulting and tip of the spear, offer, etc, is I can articulate some of these toolset skill sets. But

Speaker 2  11:46
there's so much of this that of what it looks like the ends up varying based on the actual

Matthias Miller  11:53
environment that I'm in, and I kind of struggle how to take some of these things from very general and perhaps a bit abstract and actually providing some tangibility to them.

Speaker 2  12:11
I don't know that makes sense. But it does make sense. Yeah, so

Speaker 1  12:18
what you're describing is much more of a generalist approach, right. And then you get in, because you can recognize the problems, you can identify them, you can figure out solutions, you can help facilitate them, you know, across a broad range of areas. But I just remember, you know, I don't where you see wasn't the, the, at the last eight to 20 columns, where Kerry was talking about the consulting part. And the point I had to make, or maybe I missed it before was the idea that, you know, being a specialist in something, can often get you in the door, because they're looking for a solution, a specific solution, but being a generalist will help you you know, provide more value and keep you in the door in the future because if you're a narrow specialists, then they're going to have a host of other things that are naturally going to grow out typically, of you digging in finding out what their real problems are, in addition to what they said their problem was, you know, and so on and so forth. So, you know, it may be especially as you're branching out in the beginning, or you use the technical part as a way in the structure, it's such that, you know, you've got latitude to move around, which gives you more case studies outside of purely technical area. So, that's one way to think about it because I because I look at it the same way you did, right? He's like, Well, you got to define a, b and c what most of my life has been trying to get away from a b and c and because you know, clients typically have a whole bunch of problems and you know, I can't I may not be the expert in it but usually because I know enough at 20 about what to do about it and I know the situation I'm just as effective as some bringing somebody new in technician from the outside as long as I don't abuse it right in trying to solve everything even including things I got no clue about.

Matthias Miller  14:27
Yeah. So then, the natural direction to go. I mean, this is along the lines of what I've been thinking, the the natural direction to go has been. Background My background is in software, writing software for banks and insurance. companies to manage non taxable bond investments. Very little on the actual tax taxonomic, side much more on the web stack. But to that point have you know, in some of the personal inventories, pink Kool Aid equivalents that I've done, you know, made out a list of what are some, what are some of the things that they built into their development process that keeps projects from going sideways. And about 15 to 30 minutes listed are probably probably 20 minutes listed out about 40 different things that they have as part of their development process that keeps them on track and on target. And it's like, I mean, it is this issue of I mean, perhaps you just need to pick one, I don't really know, I'm kind of like, I think software, I think mature software companies are probably a good Well, I think mature mature software. Well, there's two questions. I mean, the question is, what problem do you solve? And for whom? And the third question implicitly is, how do you decide? I think, I think larger software companies are ones where are mature software companies? are the ones where there's because of my technical background, there's likely to be a good bit of

Unknown Speaker  16:35
opportunity there.

Speaker 1  16:40
But don't, but don't, don't confuse mature and large. Okay, so let's, let's back up a second year and talk about the generic problems you solved in the past, when you went in. I don't mean generic as the company had a problem. I mean, is that they were trying to implement? What are what are they? What were they trying to do? Like, you know, talking about, you know, financial, you know, if you had to say, here's the general case study of, you know, the financial systems I went and worked on or helped out with, what is that?

Matthias Miller  17:15
Well, for for one client, it was we have, they built their own internal system and hadn't invested into it for 10 to 15 years, there was a lot of talk within client services and sales about wanting to go out and switch to monday.com. And all these other things, they really didn't want to silo silo their projects. So we built a basic ITIL system for ops, made some time tracking enhancements that were organization wide, made a whole bunch of product, project management enhancements to the system. And my specific tactical

Speaker 1  17:56
stuff, but what was the problem from a problem was a standpoint, the problem.

Matthias Miller  18:04
The problem was that central centralized, really get protecting access to the information across all departments, and preventing the siloing of departments.

Speaker 1  18:29
Okay, so if you were to say, if you want to use your, you know, synchronizer approach, how would you describe that if you came in and used as a case study to illustrate? I mean, just I know, this is off the cuff. So I'm not talking perfection here. But what's the general idea of how that would work into the synchronizer point of view? The

Unknown Speaker  18:52
you know, yeah, roll.

Matthias Miller  18:55
I mean, so the secret iser point of view is, you've got all of these departments that are headed in, effectively two different directions, but then fragmented between that and what I did was, I came in and helped get helped understand their needs, well enough that I was able to provide a roadmap to get them all onto a single page, including having one department where one of the team members told me to my face that he said, he said, I'm bought into what you're doing, but this isn't going to work. To which I said, Wait, that doesn't make sense. I can't be bought into something that I don't see working and he's like, oh, okay, well, if I'm honest, I'm not bought in. I'm like, okay, cool. At least we know where you're at. And he went from there to when we rolled out the system, being practically giddy with excitement because he actually got what he was hoping to get.

Speaker 1  19:54
Why hadn't even been able to work together to do this before you got there.

Matthias Miller  19:59
That's A great question. Partially was lack of there were two issues one was lack of dedicated resources to fix the problem. Number two was

Unknown Speaker  20:16
a,

Matthias Miller  20:17
I think most of the communication happened with, with more technically minded software folks who basically slap something together and said, Hey, this should work for you, and kept moving on and never went back to listen to why that wouldn't actually work.

Unknown Speaker  20:39
Okay, so if I

Speaker 1  20:45
risk being up so high in altitude, we don't know oxygen, but I'll try it. So what you basically said is that they didn't understand the actual problem. And secondly, because from a business point of view, they didn't understand the actual problem. No one was willing to invest in the the solution that they needed, as opposed to a bandaid or symptom. Fixing a symptom.

Unknown Speaker  21:11
Yeah. Oh.

Matthias Miller  21:19
Another way to say this, I don't know if I'm, this is better now. But

Unknown Speaker  21:22
it's it's yeah, no,

Matthias Miller  21:26
I think I think that's a fair way to?

Unknown Speaker  21:28
Well, I'll say it a different way.

Matthias Miller  21:31
Sure. So it's, it's effectively you have you have people who are too busy to take time to understand each other, and they talk past each other and never get with the meat what they need, and then start getting unhappy with each other and saying, This isn't working, and want to start going different directions.

Unknown Speaker  21:48
Who brought you in? In that case?

Matthias Miller  21:52
It was it was the CEO.

Unknown Speaker  21:54
Why didn't CEO bring you in?

Matthias Miller  21:58
Because there's a company I've had a long standing relationship with, and through conversations with, with my, that my brother had with him regarding where it was at. And between me making a pitch for saying, hey, I'm interested in going outside of my scope of work with you previously, and perhaps doing some consulting, this is I came in part of the reason I came in was because of my prior history with system design that had been doing for for SMBs.

Speaker 1  22:32
Okay, so I'm kind of driving it here is, is often a common situation.

Unknown Speaker  22:43
In that, you know,

Speaker 1  22:46
although, especially in a technical company, or software company, you might want the CEO to have more technical knowledge, that's not always going to be the case. And once their CEO, it's unlikely they're going to have time to learn it. If they don't already have, right. So if it wasn't yours perspective is, I need somebody technical enough to understand what the heck it is that they're talking about. But to solve this problem, because it seems to be something that's holding the company back and to, you know, get these knuckleheads together and get them to talk to each other. Yeah. So now, that is a very common issue, even if it's not software, right, the CEO has got some dueling VPS is reluctant, I'll just use VPS, or C levels or whatever, or some something high, the high enough level across areas doesn't know enough to make a decision on his or her own. Right about what should be done. In other words, which which of the knuckleheads should be retained listened to, or either want to, or whatever? And needs someone to come in just to help out with? Yep. So that's, you know, and then, you know, your that's your synchronization? Different part, right, understand the language because there's a lot of differences. Sometimes they'll use the same words, especially CEO and functional areas may use the same words, but unless the CEO came out and functionary may have a different definition for what the words mean.

Matthias Miller  24:45
And that was actually side note, major issue in this particular case.

Speaker 1  24:52
Exactly. That's why I put in when I responded back about an email when I put the note about language and that's They're actually think they're speaking the same language because they're using

Unknown Speaker  25:06
the same

Speaker 1  25:08
top level language in English or whatever. But they know what the meanings are, and what is carried along with the words in what's intended are actually very different underneath.

Unknown Speaker  25:23
Yes.

Matthias Miller  25:25
Very true. And this goes back to unique ability, one of the things I take for granted, but I'm continually pushing and probing for what's underneath and behind the surface, and what's the essence of the idea rather than just the language describing it? Yeah.

Speaker 1  25:45
So I think, you know, part of the play here is, is one of two ways one is just come in, you know, replicate that sort of thing and get it fixed, and everybody's happy. Another one is, you know, do the sides really want to understand how to talk to each other, which is more of a development issue. So they, you know, they don't constantly need an interpreter in between.

Unknown Speaker  26:19
Yeah. I took the onus

Speaker 1  26:24
on the whoever other than the CEO for that, but worrying talk, and that's a major development. I know, you say from people that come off in a technical Lanxess. What do they mean by that? You know, what are they saying, you know, it's not the same necessarily as they think.

Matthias Miller  26:44
Yeah, and in this particular case, which I expect is replicated elsewhere, like this, the manager in this case was, is one of the top coders in the organization. And because of his deep commitment, and loyalty to the organization, and his skill set, he gets promoted to manager even though so he basically manages during the day and moonlights nights and weekends to fill his coding edge. And that's,

Speaker 1  27:14
that's the classic and probably doesn't manage well, either. So, you know, he's not doing is stated real? Well, because he's never learned had the opportunity is not that interested in it, potentially. You know, he's doing the other part to help keep the boat afloat. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  27:31
well, and in this case, I think he's managed to monitor competency competency. But I ironically, I actually had been working for this manager for quite some time. And he was great, technically, but really horrible at managing people and motivating people and understanding what people actually needed. Great, great person is just

Speaker 1  27:55
classic, below competency, you know, appoint somebody because they're good at a technical thing, it doesn't matter what the field is, into a management position. Yeah. I mean, that's, that's just like a huge deal. All the time. Still, you would think after decades of talking about it, that that would be you know, better? When it's not, you would think after decades, and this is why probing for the general situation after decades of developing software and software systems that we wouldn't tend to make a lot of the same mistakes over again, or even apply what we learn to do better in the current time. Yeah, you know, but it's the rush to just get something done. Or misapplying, that, you know, what's just enough mean? You know, they're not thinking about it, to get it out from an agile standpoint, to get feedback, they're thinking about it, and just to get it done and move on, because it's got managers breathing down your neck who don't understand knowledge work, especially software development, enough to be able to work within to figure out what's realistic and what's not.

Unknown Speaker  29:11
Yeah.

Speaker 1  29:13
When I work with them, that doesn't mean except their estimates, that means estimates are usually somewhere in between, and also, you know, what does, you know, just enough and 8020 lead.

Matthias Miller  29:28
And I think, you know, fairness in this particular case, the manager is exceptional at. I mean, I've seen there are probably few people who would be able to get as much done with as lean as a ship of a ship that this guy has, but you can't there are some matters of inefficiency apparent upfront, any efficiency when it comes to designing systems and gathering requirements and negotiating these pieces. Have that ended up in long term payoff. So that makes sense.

Speaker 1  30:05
That's the biggest. That's actually the biggest piece of it. Because if they're working on the wrong thing, it doesn't matter how little they are, how efficient they are. Right? It's yeah, it's, you know, we talk about Wow, this again, you have 5% or 10% efficiency in programming or whatever. Well, it's almost an it's an infinitely infinite amount of efficiency if you're working on the wrong thing versus the right. You know, just switch that through.

Matthias Miller  30:39
Okay, so one of Perry's part, one of Perry's recommendation was, hey, you should either right or you should speak.

Unknown Speaker  30:48
I think

Matthias Miller  30:50
speaking is likely something that, you know, all of the nervousness and putting together a half baked, you know, systems presentation together, like I didn't know, it was it was more than half baked. It was it was a formulated draft, but certainly could use multiple iterations of refinement, if you really wanted to take it somewhere, like I did several months ago.

Unknown Speaker  31:17
I think there's, I think,

Matthias Miller  31:22
I think public speaking is could end up being a fantastic way of marketing, that could work well with my marketing DNA.

Unknown Speaker  31:33
I think a second piece.

Matthias Miller  31:37
A second piece that I've seen working really well, as a second mode of operating that I've seen working really well has been more of an interview and or conversational approach. Which is, which really isn't in kind of the these weren't in the top two things that Perry recommended necessarily. And

Speaker 1  32:03
so it's the q&a, right, you're being interviewed, and you're answering questions or having a discussion about stuff, which turns out to be basically same thing as giving a speech in a sense, other than the fact that you got to a dialogue with someone.

Matthias Miller  32:21
Right. Yeah, and I think I mean, one thing that that I can, I can even find quite interesting, I think would be to have a, you know, to have, perhaps even to host my own podcast, and having and straight of interviewing the people that might be prospects. So whether it's getting on podcasts, so getting on podcast does a better job of leveraging audiences. So for that reason, that's pretty interesting. I think the the thing I wrestle with Will, okay, so having said all of that, one of the things I'm planning to do in October, is to in September, I'll be in Chicago, on Prairie City Tour, in October, I plan to do a two day P Vargas stages workshop and want to iron out the the talk that drives this whole thing. And what I'm wanting to do up until then, is get as clear as I can around my articulation of what this thing is. And maybe it's

Unknown Speaker  33:41
and

Matthias Miller  33:46
and be moving in that direction.

Unknown Speaker  33:54
Well, yes, sir. Go ahead. Sorry.

Matthias Miller  33:57
Well, so to that point, it seems a little vague to walk up to you know, Mr. VP, Mr. CEO, Mr. C level, or Ms. You know, you've got you got projects that are going sideways, because you've got really technical people who are talking past each other and they can't, they can't, they can't seem to make headway and you don't have the time you needed to dive to the bottom of the swamp, figure out whatever terminology you have time to get in the middle of it and figure out exactly what they're saying, and how they're misunderstanding each other. I mean, do you face this type of a problem? I mean, is

Unknown Speaker  34:39
what's the

Matthias Miller  34:43
I'm struggling with how to articulate this. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  34:45
so let's start with the audience here. So

Unknown Speaker  34:50
what first?

Speaker 1  34:54
You know, you want to go as high as far as broad as you can eventually. It's a question To answer, or not the question to answer but to think about, I'm just bringing this up because I have to deal with this too is okay. Am I describing anything different that McKinsey or Bain or whoever describes, you know, when they're talking to CEOs, if it's the same, then who are the CEOs or prospects or whoever that I can talk to, that aren't likely going to be interested in or not in McKinsey's or veins, or whoever is target market, because they're probably too small, but too small for them is actually pretty large. You know, there's lots of companies that do it. So that's another thing to think about. Sir, if you're going to start, we'll say it doesn't have to be the the end. The end goal, because if you get known for doing what you're talking about, you can compete against those big consulting companies anyway, because you have the case study, and you have people singing your praises anyway, I didn't want matter. You want their advertising, it just matters matter that you've actually done it. And they're not as successful as they say they are anyway, especially when it comes to systems and systems development. Especially when it comes to Agile approaches, and everything else. They've been followers, rather than, you know, the only reason that they've got any case studies or can talk about this is just me ranting momentarily, that they can talk about stuff from an Agile transformation, type of approach, business agility, or whatever they pick up those practices is because they've been able to experiment on large analog, bought in large companies, because their name got them in, and not their expertise in dealing with the situation. Right, so I'll send all that what I'm saying is, is that well, so let's say that you're going to talk, figure out what, what the highest, maybe an approach is, what are those companies that will be big enough, you know, that they're not going to flinch that the kind of rates that you should get from a value perspective, but are too small to beyond McKinsey's or veins, radar, or whatever? You know, and are they software? And the other thing is, are they software related, you know, companies or the companies that might have software problems, or need to know about what you're talking about are two different animals. It's easier to target software companies, you can find nose and market to them. But generally, they're probably the ones that are probably picked somebody from the outside first are the ones who aren't software targeted, because the ones in the software targeted companies think they know what they're doing, and they don't just talking through some stuff here, about how to target because you don't you know, then it's a question of, okay, where would those people be if I'm going to speak or how do I get information to them? You know, or do I send the physical or do I target 10 or 100 companies is similar stuff, you know, physical stuff, you know, the physical plot on the desk, FedEx package or what?

Matthias Miller  38:31
Some anecdotal pieces, I mean, for me to be really happy with working with clients, they a baseline of 10 million is, is nice. I haven't actually worked for any clients bigger than

Speaker 2  38:50
about 38. And

Speaker 1  38:59
let's, let's say 100 million or below. Okay? Because then go 100 million 100 million now those same problems. Sure.

Matthias Miller  39:11
So, so then, then another question, who could be asked what industries or types of industries that have the most experience with me now I've spent probably about a year or so assimilating all kinds of stuff in the roofing industry in various parts of the construction industry, had a conversation with Jordan birding regarding the relative relative lack of sophistication within commercial, commercial commercial construction? And to your point, I think you were talking about insurance was it will financial services firms having similar types of issues and Again, have have experienced in a very specific niche of, of that. Software I've had experience in. And also apart from the whole issue of proof and credibility I. Also, I'm a bit of an alchemist. And I'm not afraid to jump into situations and pick things up as I go and figure out which, which end is up what's actually going on.

Speaker 1  40:33
So how did the avatars connect to all this varies as your homeworks are very, you're doing?

Matthias Miller  40:44
Well, his his recommendation was go talk to somebody where you can read a page out of the diary out of their diary, and because of that, software is probably the best. Yeah, that's the one that's easiest for me to read a page out of their diary.

Unknown Speaker  41:00
And

Matthias Miller  41:01
after, you know, even even after that conversation, I went and wrote out a whole bunch of archetypes which I sent to you. Each of which can be expanded. And I know, I know those types of characters fairly well. And some of them are kind of broad brushstrokes, and kind of depends on whether you're looking to highlight the best aspects or the worst aspects. So that was the recommendation that he, that was his recommendation

Unknown Speaker  41:29
to me. Yeah, well, I mean, so. So meaning a page, out of the diary, when you're talking about software? And I don't know if this is what you meant or not. You know, did you mean,

Speaker 1  41:57
are you thinking you can read the page out of a diary of software people? Just use it as a general I mean, obviously, a huge umbrella term. But is that what, whose diary? Yeah, you read a page out of?

Unknown Speaker  42:11
Well out of the avatars diary.

Matthias Miller  42:14
So I, you know, if you said, here's a bat, I'll pay you $100, you pay 100 bucks to, to read a page out of a person's diary go. And you do that for a software developer and a commercial construction? contractor or, or any number of these things? I don't, I don't know, I feel like it's actually a little bit of a toss up. Because in some ways, I know the software development process so intimately, and so thoroughly. And, and that's probably the thing that's been entrenched in me the most, but over the past five years, especially, I've gotten to go pretty deep into a small number of, I mean, not an immense number, but a small number of other related businesses, like I described. And so probably not the same level of accuracy, but

Speaker 1  43:20
could do. Yeah, you don't try this on you as CSS works. You don't have to write all the pages in their diary.

Unknown Speaker  43:38
Yeah. So

Speaker 1  43:39
the software developer, right, you know, any other masters? Archetypes? You got? Yeah, absolutely. You can write almost all the pages in your diary, because you've lived in those roles are close enough, right, that you can describe day to day, every day, you know, most of the things are living with. The thing is, so those are not likely to be the people who would bring you in. Right? Right. So what if you're able to write a page in the diary of who can bring you

Unknown Speaker  44:14
in for example,

Speaker 1  44:19
the CEO that we talked about that, you know, after you you know, your brother talked to talk to you out, you went in and talk you know, a afford or whatever you said enough, that described situation that one page out of the CEOs Diary of a problem that he had, as well as, you know, ways of attacking it that gave him confidence in you be able to work on it for him. So, you know what, what I'm thinking here out loud is don't worry that you whether you can write the entire Diary of the CEO or Executive or whatever particulars you get in a bigger company, you only need to write a page or a chapter out of it and the difficulties of having dealing with this situation or the class of situations that you can help. So, for instance, I would go back and try to write that actual page in the diary for that CEO. And, you know, okay, what things did you say that resonate with, you know, what does that mean, you know, and what he was writing in his diary, or what's in his head. That's the most important page in the diary from hiring, from a selection, not hiring for employee, but you know, selection and bringing your own as a consultant. It is important that you can write, you know, many pages in the other diaries, because that's the translation. That's understanding, and that's being able to understand the problem that they want you to deal with. But writing and turn the software developers terms in their diary, and what they're facing day to day, is going to be meaningless to the CEO or senior executive, because they need the translators, the you know, the synchronizer, because the line are standing the language. So I'm suggesting, you know, a diary, chapter page, whatever it is, don't actually try it out. For the past cases, you've been in about, what were they thinking? What were they writing? If they were writing a diary, you know, why did they even bother talking to me? What would they be tired of it? And what kind of terms would they use?

Unknown Speaker  46:40
And that's your

Speaker 1  46:46
situation, case that you're going to try to solve.

Unknown Speaker  46:51
That's, that's golden, right there.

Matthias Miller  46:58
And I can do that for quite a number of clients. And, really, this is a pretty big theme in my life, which is not surprising, in which I've been in the middle of controversy, and people are upset with each other for various reasons, or just can't communicate and don't get along. And you know, whether it's to one party or both parties, it's a bit of helping people understand things from the other person's perspective. So there's a, there's a larger narrative as well. And I think your your suggestion is a fantastic way to get really specific.

Speaker 1  47:34
Yeah, there's actually two larger narratives. One is, you know, like I said, this is that's, that's very generic language base, right? The synchronizer language, all that sort of stuff. And then there's two, there's a temporal aspect to it as well. Is it just for current situation? Or is it helping them build capability for the future? And it may be, it may only be current, or it may be both, right? That all depends on where they're angling for, and may, they may not decide to build that capability until later or just may come out anyway. But typically, it doesn't just come out anyway, unless they explicitly work on so I mean, you'll get some

Unknown Speaker  48:20
speeding, you'll get some,

Speaker 1  48:24
just natural learning as you go here and your top right on both sides. Yeah, so you know, if you write those pages, or chapters, or subsections, or whatever, from the hiring people's point of view, but don't try to do one and try to do another, the same excuse me, let me just call through and get rid of, yep. You know, just write them out. You can do them on different days, you don't necessarily remember what you did on the other because they may have differences. You want to capture the differences. But not force yourself into thinking you know the commonalities until you write them all out and go back and then actually pick out the commonalities because there could be a thread in here or something that you may miss, if you write a composite, right, so I think it's as sort of fantastic idea to write from each you know, at least three to five of those situations. If you can have the hiring person, what were they thinking what was in their diary. Spread it out. Right. So you're not making yourself prone to writing it the same way. And then see if there's anything else that you're missing. It's also underlying common.

Unknown Speaker  49:51
I really liked that. I really liked that. Good

Matthias Miller  50:08
Well, I'm gonna, I'm gonna chase it will be out of the office Wednesday, Wednesday. And I'm hoping I'll have a little downtime and brain space to explore some of this. But regardless, you're open to it, I'd love to want to get some of that down and perhaps even have some observations and looked at.

Speaker 1  50:31
Yeah, I'd love to, I'd love to lecture them, they'll help me too. So it's a good good kind of thing. I mean, so if you can, to my point about separation of time. If you could, if you have time to draft one or two before you're out of office, and then draft another one or two, when you come back, but without looking at the ones that you did before you left. That would give you some really natural time in between. Plus, it may reflect any of the thinking that you've done while you're out of office.

Unknown Speaker  51:08
Yes. Yeah, good idea.

Unknown Speaker  51:21
All right. Well, this is exciting. Keep going. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  51:24
Well do. Thanks a lot for your help. there's ever anything that I can reciprocate? Happy to just know that I'm grateful for. And I've been really grateful for your friendship and your involvement here.

Speaker 1  51:40
I'm grateful to and, you know, as I said, you know, sometimes it's the physician heal thyself. You know, sometimes I can't get it out of my own right to but you know, looking at some of yours, I think, probably remind me of some things I've probably forgotten or glossed over or think that's not important.

Matthias Miller  52:02
So it goes.

Speaker 2  52:04
It goes. Okay. All right. Sounds good. Thanks, Mike. Yeah, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai