Speaker 1  00:00
Right again Okay, are we on? Testing? Testing, testing, there we go. Okay, thank you. I'll start again, if you're a follower of Jesus Christ, you're a brother or a sister this morning and ahead of the last two songs that I want to connect together, we have this moment. And behold, he comes, we're on to each one of us is on a timetable, we have a stewardship of the time that God gave to us. And what I'd like to talk about this morning, and if you would, tie for able to put that verse up on the screen, Proverbs 22. Six, is Train up a child in the way that he should go. And even when he is old, he will not depart from it. I'd like to talk about family and specifically about children this morning. But to start that out, I feel like there's a lot of ground to cover. So I'm gonna get started. To start that out, I want to look a little bit at the moral decline of the family in the generations that are alive today in America. So if you were to guess I don't know how many generations you would guess that are alive today, according to the way that people designate as a way as the way our culture designates generations. But there is seven generations currently alive today from those of the oldest those that are alive to the ones that are being born today. So I want to go down through that. And I want to list as we as I progress down through the different generations and lists some of the things that happen, you'll notice from what I'm going to start with is called the greatest generation starting in 1901, to 1927, those that were born in that era, was called the greatest generation. But as we, as I catch the generations that follow after that down through history, you're going to notice noticeable things that happened that caused it caused a moral decline in our country, to where we're at today, but I'm not trusting, I'm not going to leave you there, we're going to look at that, and how how, as the as the culture, the kingdom of Jesus Christ, we live differently. But we need to be encouraged some time to continue to live differently, and not to look at the culture around us. So I'm going to start. And just before we start, I want to tell you that this, this decline that you see has happened many times in history before America, just because we live in this great and I'll call it great, because I feel blessed to live in this country of America that we live in, we still have freedoms. And I'm very grateful for that. This is happening around us today. But it's not the only time in history many times since the beginning of creation, this cycle has happened where we're cultures have declined, fallen away from from the fundamentals of creation and God's kingdom, and God has to bring them back again. So let me start with I'm going to read an article from that spoke about what's called the greatest generation and I don't believe that this is written from a Christian perspective. So the things that I note about this generation were the cultural norm, not necessarily the Christian or the evangelical church. Okay. So this is it says Tom broke calls, book of 1990 declared that the generation that persevered through America's Great Depression and fought World War Two, America's Greatest Generation, what were the characteristics of these individuals that made them stand out in history? What can we take from that time and translate into our own lives in this vastly different era of American history? There's five different things I just like I think this is worth looking at personally. The first one is personal responsibility. We live in the age of blame. If we can't find someone at fault for our trials, we will invent something. It's a terribly destructive pattern, not only for personal growth, but for the national health of the entire country. To be given responsibility is an honor, and was seen as such during that time, great lessons of leadership off often always start with a deep sense of personal responsibility. The second one is humility. In that day, it was an expected norm of dignity and modesty. Society held itself to a higher standard, and humility was at the heart of it. Our overall behavior norm today could benefit greatly by taking a cue from those before us and humbling our hearts accordingly. The third thing is a work ethic. One of the hardest things for a parent to instill in a child today as a hard work ethic. At that time, of course, work was not an option. Everyone had to work to survive both personally and as a country. They took deep pride in that work as well. Thankfully, we're not at a world war today and technology has lightened the load on citizens to keep the country prosperous and safe, but idle hands has led to complacency and entitlement.

Speaker 1  04:55
Prudent saving in the 30s and 40s. Everyone saved down to the last Any. And the last green being to be frugal was the discipline of the day in the 21st century. We are a consumer based economy, we fill our lives with one temporary gadget to the next. That all goes so fast that there's no need for a repairman anymore just get a new one. Unfortunately, this type of thinking has led to a great deal of personal financial stress. In this century, the last one is faithful commitment is love enough to sustain a marriage? Does loyalty count? Or should we consistent constantly be looking for the next green pasture? If commitment valued in our society, any man's is, I'm sorry, is commitment valued in our society, and a man's word still gold. The difference between the greatest generation and the generation today, in many ways comes down to these questions, to see a 50th wedding anniversary in 2018 is almost a spectacle, not a normal milestone moving into advanced age. For a person to work one job long enough to earn distinction of time served is now the exception and not the rule. Again, that was written not from a Christian perspective. But if you glance at the evangelical world at that time, just to give the kind of a picture. And what I want to do is, is kind of look at this air, and then we'll step down through as I mentioned, but I want to do a comparison that with this generation, and some other generations that followed in that time. Most if not all, Christian women. This is not I don't want to be specific. This is not Mennonite, or Anabaptist. This was in the evangelical and Protestant and Catholic world. Most women, if not all, would have covered their heads during worship. Divorce was only for proven infidelity. And it was outright illegal in many states. Modesty of dress for men and women was highly valued by everyone. men wore long pants, women largely wore dresses, the next generation that was 1901 to 1927. And I don't know how many of you have a relative that was born in that time. I have multiple relatives I'm blessed that are in their mid 90s, mid to upper 90s. That would have experienced all of these generations that were going to step down through the next one is the silent generation 1928 to 1945 was born and raised during the Great compression. Depression might have been might have been compressive as well, I don't know. They were thrifty, they were hard working. And mostly they didn't buck the system. And because they didn't buck the system because people were highly sensitive and wary of communism. So any new idea could have been labeled as communism they would have been thrust out from society because the world was at war with socialists and communists, idealistic things, they were loyal to their job, and respectful of authority that led into the baby boomers from 1946 to 1964. This is when the era began to change this, this hosted the largest movement of the Christian church losing the women's veiling, largely influenced by the women's rights to the second wave, not the first wave that actually start at the end of the 1900s, the first wave of women's rights. But the second wave of women's rights that came through on June 25 of 1962, prayer was ruled unconstitutional in public schools. This was the era of Marilyn Monroe, beginning to champion sexuality on the big screen. The growing momentum of the countercultural hippie movement started in this generation, you begin to see some of the steps and the ruling the national rulings that society is making that moves into Generation X 1965 to 1980. Quite a This would include quite a few that were born in this era. This introduced the no fault divorce put into federal law by Ronald Reagan. Maybe you didn't know but Ronald Reagan was our first president that was elected while he was divorced. I didn't know that I was sad to hear that but that no fault divorce is put into place. No, it was no longer infidelity. They needed to have to justify a divorce. But any reason it didn't matter anywhere, and this was a federal law over all the states. Roe vs. Wade was passed, again a federal law that allowed children to be aborted. Pornography became mainstream and legal. 1981 to 1995. Anybody want to guess what this generation is called? The one we know and love as the millennials. How many millennials that we have here today? I thought it was more than that. Are you scared to raise your hand? No, you're not. We love you guys. You're a good generation. You really are millennials 1981 to 1995. This brought in the big bat the cultural battle for the LGBTQ movement Generation Z followed. People born from 1996 to 2010. Some of our front rows up here.

Speaker 1  09:56
Gay marriage was legalized in this generation. Generation alpha is many of the children that you hold on your laps today. Same such same sex marriage is declared legal in all 50 states by the Supreme Court ruling. You noticed some of the progressive the large things that none of these things came in overnight. Everything that I read, had started previously years before in small ways and begins to infiltrate the culture until it reaches a place where it can be passed on a national level. But I want to tell you during that time that it wasn't all negative. There was advances in civil rights movements, there was there was things that happened that were very beneficial to society during these ages. What I want to what I want I want to look at is the scope of how all of this affected the family and children today, how does that affect the way we we instill God's commands in our children? Church attendance by the Gallup poll, Gallup is a nationally known Polling Center, they began to do this poll in 1937 was the first time they took the poll of how many people in the in our culture in our country attended church 1970 in 1937 73% of Americans attended church regularly. By 1945, at the height of World War Two for probably obvious reasons, time for tough people turn back to God, the height of it was 76%. Today, in our current day, millennials are polled again, pardon me for this is not pointing fingers at any millennials in the crowd of millennials were polled, because they're at the age. The reason the generations after Millennials are not pulled is because they're not settled in life yet. They're still maybe teens, they're going through college, whatever it is, but millennials that their age are settled in, in a culture in a setting and 36% attend church less roughly around half. But the disturbing thing is of millennials in that age group, more of them pay attention to their horoscope than they do to the Bible. As far as leading their lives. That's a that's a cultural decline that we have faced. So let's go back to the greatest generation picture a child raised in the in the early 1900s. With two parents, as a family, the cultural values are still strong. There's prayer in schools. When when the child goes to school, whether they like it or not, they're exposed to prayer. The disciplines have the same modesty the cultural modesty is strong. Picture that child steppin facing the world in front of them at 15 1617 years old, looking at the way they're looking into the world. With hope, there's opportunity even though the World War world wars are out in front of them, that that setting of what that child is has a foundation to start with. Now dropped down to Generation X in the 60s we skipped a couple generations but picture a child in that era, the culture is changing. Very likely because of at this era, 50% of marriages ended in divorce. Possibly a one parent home mom is gone at work throughout the week. There was no exposure to Christian values prayer has been taken out of schools. The American culture is being sexualized on a massive scale with pornography and free love the introduct introduction of the hippie movement began to begin to come into he has. So this child grows up in that setting. Very different setting than a child in the greatest generation this child has multiple children married otherwise some aborted some in foster care some that he or she this could be a man or a woman, one of those children grows up in that setting. Just just track with this grows up as a millennial confused about life, there's no father figure, possibly no home. He or she finds himself questioning his sexual, his sexuality or his gender. And because it is now legal, marries a same sex partner and adopts a child.

Speaker 1  14:20
That child brings us to today. A child is raised by one or two gender to gender confused parents with no moral compass. Now what this child is questioning is one of the different identity crisis is that are facing not his gender. But if he is part animal or not. I don't know. I don't know if you're aware with that. But it's a very, very ongoing discussion in today's world of gender, not gender confusion. I don't even know the term for it. But if the confusion of whether you're human or part animal to the place that youth and otherwise As young people are used the bathroom and a litter box, because they feel that they're part cat, commonly called furries. I promised they wouldn't leave you here. Again, this is not new. This culture or the culture of humanity if left to itself and moral decline without a moral compass, that's where we end up roughly 6000 years ago, the great flood. Here's a verse from Genesis six, five to six, the Lord saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every intention of the thoughts of his heart were evil continually. And the Lord regretted that he had made man on earth and it grieved him to his heart, we know what happened, the Great Flood followed that. Roughly 1000 or 1500 years later, there were sister cities called Sodom and Gomorrah, God destroyed them for their sinful culture, when we look into the culture, and when you read the Bible stories that happen some of the Old Testament, if you've read clearly through the Old Testament, and you've heard some of the stories of what the cultures looked like. Today, I don't want to say this. But today doesn't scare us so much, because we've been here many times before. In cultures, again, Sodom and Gomorrah wiped him out for their wickedness. In times past, when the children of Israel would begin to look at the countries around the heathen countries around them that these cultures are very prevalent. They, as the people of God had the principles, God, they would live by them, but as human nature is they begin to look at the countries and the cultures around them. And they begin to slowly adopt some of those practices. And what would happen God would send prophets, he would warn them and say, and try to bring them back to the truth. Again, if the prophets were ignored, sometimes they sometimes the people listened to profit, sometimes they didn't. When the prophets were ignored at the end of it, God, as he promised in Deuteronomy, and we're going to, we're going to read that here in a bit as you promised, Deuteronomy would allow those same heathen nations that they began to adopt the practices of, he would allow them to come in and either destroy or enslave them. That's a picture of what sin does to us. When we begin to adopt those practices, we move from life to death. And we don't do it quickly. We do it with small concessions. And the way that we live our lives we adapt, we look at maybe it's maybe it's external things. Maybe it's where our heart is out of materialism, maybe it's maybe it's a dress, maybe it's a practice of what, what becomes idols to us instead of, but we begin to adapt, adopt. Is it crazy that in the 21st century, and 2020, we as humans still do the same thing we still look out, we still begin to adopt those things. And we look at our culture today. It's horrifying to us. Because if you would ask if I would ask my aunt who's 96 what it looked like when she grew up, it'd be very different than what it looked like today in in one lifetime, seven generations. But that, but that person is still living, my aunt is still living, she's seen all of this. So what are we as a church to do? Where are we as a church of Canyon City in this moral timeline? How's it how's it affect us? Sitting sitting right here? Where is our moral compass today? What are the small things in our personal timeline that may have changed? How Are we faithful stewards and the kingdom of God in this season of history, turn in your Bibles to Deuteronomy, chapter six.

Speaker 1  18:34
I'd like to read just a bit. So one of the key verses that I wanted to focus on this morning is Train up a child in the way that he should go, and when he is old, he will not depart from it, there is hope. This is not us. We are the children of God. But we've been given a calling. We've been given a calling to the next generations to our children, to sustain the ways of the kingdom of God. And this is a beautiful passage in Deuteronomy. And just to give you some context for it, the children of Israel had came out of Israel, they were they were wandering in the wilderness, but the Promised Land was in sight. They were headed for the promised land, and God had just reviewed all the laws that he had given to them. He said, to keep you from going, what we talked about this, that the direction that we that we just got done talking about with the nations, the the flood destroyed, the Earth was destroyed, with the exception of his family, Sodom and Gomorrah works were destroyed with the exception of lat. And his daughters, to keep you from going the ways of the world. I'm giving you these laws, these commandments. So this is the period of time when when the law was given to the Israelites. And Moses was talking to them. He said, listening said this is the key to maintaining the favor of God in our lives. So obedience to Him. And here's what here's what Moses said this so the Promised Land was in sight. And I want to make an I want to make a quick analogy in history, the generations that we just talked about in America, so the greatest generation grew up and went through World War One went through the Great Depression, very tough times that drew the country together. They went through World War Two after World War Two. It was like the Promised Land was in sight. Right. Egypt was some of the Great Depression. Some of those things that they went through that was that was America's Egypt. And they hung tight in that the greatest the values of the greatest generation were there for a reason they hung on to those but now the Giants have been destroyed the the Hitler's the Mussolini's Emperor of Japan, I can't think of his Hirohito. They've been destroyed. The world is kind of in front of America and prosperity is on the verge. It moved in an era when, when all of the interstate highways began to be produced throughout America, jobs were prevalent. America was booming. It was like the Promised Land was right in front. And yet how many generations later from that, with that prosperity in the Promised Land, and we're here. Here's what Moses said in chapter six, verse one. Now this is the commandment, the statues and the rules that the Lord your God commanded me to teach you, that you may do them in the land which you are going over to possess, that you may fear the Lord your God, you, your son, and your son, son, I love the way this is put. He is recognizing that generation after generation, this has to be passed down. By keeping all his statues and His commandments, which I commend you all the days of your life, that your days may be long. Here, therefore Israel and be careful to do them that it may go well with you. That you may multiply greatly as the Lord the God of your fathers has promised you in the land flowing with milk or honey and honey, Hebrew, Israel, the LORD your God, the Lord is One, you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your might. This is the second verse that I want to want you to remember as from today, and these words, I command you today shall be on your heart, you shall teach them diligently to your children, you shall talk of them when you sit in your house, when you walk, by the way, when you lie down, and when you rise, you shall bind them as a sign on your hand there shall be as frontlets between your eyes, you shall write them on the doorposts of your house and your gates, is there anything that he missed? In that, the picture that you get is, Moses is telling the fathers, he's telling the grandfathers he's telling the leaders of the home, he's telling the mothers in this, he said, This is the law. And the only way that this is going to prosper is for you to put it into every area of your life. It doesn't matter if you're if you're going to work, if you're playing softball, if you're going to church, if you are, if you're going to care for an aunt or relat What if you're doing business dealings, whatever this is, he says, When you sit in your house, picture a time when the family is gathered around and you're sitting there, what is your conversation turned to? What is the happenings of the day, whatever that looks like I said, when you're sitting in your house, talk about the law of God, you got to pass this on to your children.

Speaker 1  23:08
When you walk by the wayside, that may that might be work, it might be travel, it might be what it is, but bring bring kingdom principles into your job. Or when you're when you're busy when you're up and around when you lie down. And when you rise when you go to bed at night. Pray with your children. Ask them what the day look like, how was God in their day? How did they obey God? How did they disobey God? Keep that in front of you put it on the doorposts of your house post signs. I remember, this isn't as common out here. But in the eastern culture in Pennsylvania, a lot of times you'll see signs on the mailbox with a Bible verse on it. I mean, have you seen that in other communities? I'll admit, I used to look at that growing up thinking, a little religious fanatical to kind of do that. But he says posted on the doorposts of your house, post the laws of the kingdom, the principles of Jesus Christ, put it in front of everything that you do with your children. Don't let them miss one aspect of their lives that you don't bring in the kingdom into that and show them how to do that

Speaker 1  24:16
how do we slip? So we have this teaching and I'll admit as a parent, I could stop right here and not not even go to the children and say this is for me, I have to I have to do this. I have to I have to learn this myself. There's there's laws, moral things, moral codes of the kingdom that I have transgressed. And I need to back up and just repent of that myself but as a parent, we have a responsibility to our children to teach them to help them to know these principles to gender generations ago. Obedience was king. When I listened to my father talk about His home life growing up with Grandpa Hoover, there really wasn't much of a relationship. Obedience was King relationship was optional. That was the culture. So So grandpa Hoover would have been raised in this greatest generation, that's when he was born. That's when he was raised. In my home where I grew up, obedience was king. But my parents realized that relationship made that job so much easier, so much better. So they were they were, they were somewhat learning that obedience was not questioned. In our home, if if dad or mom said something, we listened, we listened to there was a punishment, we recognized that if we didn't listen, there was a punishment that went with that. That was the generation thing into my generation, I watched my own home and my, my peer group, that relationship we realize, because we look at our brothers and sisters, or we look at homes that didn't have a relationship, all they had was the rules and obedience, we say, man, we can't do that. So we swing, we swing a little further toward relationship we want we want to have the relationship. But I see that pendulum keep right on swing and into where relationship is king and obedience. If maybe it's not important anymore. Both ditches are wrong. The first ditch, destroy someone personally. Obedience without relationship that can destroy that can hurt someone's personal growth in their swing it the other way to relationship and obedience can destroy a culture. Not just personally, but it destroys a culture. So where do we find in that in that swing of obesity, obedience and relationship obedience and relationship should be married together? They belong together. can't do one without the other. Breaking the will. Now I'm going to switch a little bit to and I'm going to try hard to stay out of methods of raising children. Because there's a lot of opinions and what you would get as my opinion, and I don't want that to be what I do want you to do is whatever method you choose when you're if you are holding a child in your lap, if you are responsible for speaking into a child's life, you have to look into the Word of God and see what the principles are. There's different methods of how to do it. But you can't bypass the principle, the principle has to be there. So breaking the will is something that we hear about. The Bible gives instructions on how to do that the King James calls it the rod over and over and Proverbs again, it talks about the rod and children. Proverbs 2313 and 14 is probably the furthest extent to land in our minds says do not withhold discipline from a child, if you strike him with a rod, he will not die. If you strike him with a rod, you will save his soul from hell. How many of us love our children? How many of you, if you're if your child is on a softball team, you're kind of okay if he wins, right? Or if he's if he's in school, if he gets a good grade, you're, you're kind of proud of him, you want him to do well, if he's friends, if, if he's in his friend group, you want people to like him. We as parents, we want the best for our children. God tells us how to lead them to the best. Don't ever sacrifice that. prepare them for life. Don't leave them short handed by not knowing how to respond to situations or their own will is dominant in that. I recognize, as I said, there's different methods. The Bible shares the rod method quite often.

Speaker 1  28:59
It goes without saying, We're to love our children. So whatever correction like that is done is always done in love if you need to wait, if you need to go outside the room if you need to go in to do something else. So So all that said for that, that method being if you choose a different method, or if you're in a situation where you maybe have non bio children, and you can't use that method, maybe legally that means you go to jail or

Unknown Speaker  29:24
don't miss the principle is all I'm saying. Their will has to bend to your will. And I'm gonna give you some examples. You might you might push back to that a bit because the current mainstream thing would be don't break the will of your child. I would I would strongly come against that and say the will of your child has to be broken.

Speaker 1  29:50
Children, obey your parents in the Lord for this as right. This is the only command in Scripture given to children So whose job is it? To make sure that that child understands and can live out this commandment says children obey your parents in the Lord for this is right. Whose job is that to make sure that that happens. It's apparent right? Now, as a parent, you may choose and I hope you do, you may choose to live in a community that reinforces the things that you say that you're not, you're not in this just by yourself, you may have a whole community that backs that principle, God bless you for that the way that God intended it. The next part says, Honor your father and mother, that it may go well with you and that you may live long in the land. You recognize as a parent, if you don't enable your child to do this, that you also at risk of losing the promise for that child, that it may go well with you that you may live long in the land, or king. And back to this thing of the will our King lift to two beautiful examples for us to emphasize what he wanted us to do in our personal lives. And that is the prayer that he taught us to lead our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Where does that put my will? Where did that put Jesus, Jesus was praying this to the Father. And He said, I want all of you believers to follow, be in that prayer, our will has to submit to the old father, as a parent, for those first years of development for a child, you are representing the Heavenly Father, if that child's will doesn't learn to submit to your will as representing the Heavenly Father, what's that child at 18 or 19, or 20 going to look like learning to submit to the will of his heavenly father after maybe he's an adult, and he's out from under your home. And you've not taught him that it's highly necessary that His will is to submit to your will as a father, that translates to his heavenly Father, Jesus Himself. Again, our king in the garden prayed. This was before his crucifixion. He says, if it is your will let this cup pass from me. And I could picture that almost in a pleading voice, Father, Father, if this is your will, please let this cup pass from me nevertheless, not my will, but yours be done. Again, a son to a father saying My will is submitted to your will father. When I say the will has to bend let me be clear. That's not their spirit. Ephesians chapter six, there is a difference. Maybe there's some confusion with this time at some point. But a child's spirit is not to be crushed. If the verse after what I read in Ephesians, reads like this father's provoke not your children to lead to wrath, that's breaking the spirit. That's that's, that's creating anger in their soul by by laying too heavy of a burden on them that they either cannot fulfill, or you haven't showed them how. One of the things is to be clear in your communications, make sure when there's an expectation that they understand what that expectation is creating a punishment for something that you didn't clearly tell them to do. And they transgressed that provokes anger in your child's life. Make sure that you're clear when you when you make requirements for them. And don't make them so heavy that they can't bear it. That's provoking wrath in them. Don't break that spirit. Don't, don't make that spirit angry or provoke it to wrath.

Speaker 1  33:48
Train up a child in the way that he should go. And when he is old, even when he is old, he will not depart from it. Father, we have as fathers, we have this beautiful opportunity and a stewardship of the children that God has given to us to lead them back to the father again, just a couple of things. And this was good. And John doesn't want me to mention his name, but so I won't I won't mention John Stoll, Seuss's name again. But I asked a couple men, I said, Would you just give a couple thoughts of if we're going to teach on if I would teach something on training children or family life? What are some tips that you would give and I thought they were really good. So I'm going to read a couple of those things and I'll incorporate a few extra things in it maybe. So John doesn't get them. I said, John, again, I'm sorry. I mean to do that. Pray for your children. Like Job did remember the story of Job and chapter one job was doing really well. He was a God fearing man that had that had lots of children and it says every night they would get together and feast and they would party and they would celebrate And then we'll go back to work. The next day Joe would wake up early in the morning and he would come before the Father and He would say, Heavenly Father, if there's any way that my children transgressed you, through whatever they're doing right now, would you please forgive me, he would sacrifice and he would pray for his children said, everyday job would rise. And we'd have that prayer of supplication for his children think as a beautiful concept. The best gift you can give your children as a man is to love their mother.

Unknown Speaker  35:31
That's a good one. No curfew, that's gonna raise some questions. No curfew, but don't go to bed until they come home.

Speaker 1  35:47
My wife does really well with us. I don't, I'm a morning person. Sometimes not. There's been a few times on almost woke up before they came home. But that's that's not to be modeled. As a parent, I'll just say that. Trust is important in your children to know that they trust you. But to know that they have a father or a mother waiting for them when they walk through that door is very important. It might be one o'clock in the morning, it might be two o'clock in the morning might be 10 o'clock at night, whatever it is, I think that carries more weight to a child than saying I got to be home by 12 o'clock. And if mom somehow for mom or dad somehow son finds out that it was 1215 that I get home, I have a I have a penalty for that. That's my style. My wife does so much better than that than I do. But but she will not rest. Even if it's in another state somewhere. And she knows the children are traveling whatever it is, she won't go to bed until she knows that they're safely where they belong to be.

Unknown Speaker  36:45
Our heavenly Father will not rest until we come home. My mother was not a decorator. We were well cared for. It's just fancy things. The latest craze coming through is just not on her radar.

Speaker 1  37:20
But on her fridge, her way of decorating with a cutout I think, maybe from the farm and ranch. I'm not sure what it was back in that era. But it was John three, chapter one, verse four. And said, I have no greater joy than to hear that my children are walking in truth. John wrote that to the disciples. And I don't remember what city it was, it actually wasn't a father or a mother to their children. But but really it kind of it was this speaks to the adulthood. After you young parents have done the hard work of disciplining your children and loving them and caring for them and laying down your lives for them. And they become adults. John was talking to those disciples that he had led to Jesus and he saw them walking with Christ. He said, There's nothing better in life for me than to see you guys walking with Jesus.

Unknown Speaker  38:21
I know that for my mom. That's her heart. Pray for your kids. Don't shortchange them, of the structure that they need to be prepared for life and to serve Jesus Christ as their king.

Speaker 1  38:44
That their will is submitted to him that their will is submitted to you as a parent. And I can tell you, if you're not their friend, and you choose to be their parent, you made the right choice because when they become adult, you'll be their friend

Speaker 1  39:05
so I'm going to play a play a song this morning. I don't know where in the whole scope of raising children this brings you but when we look at the when we look at the moral decay in in our lifetime and seven generations of where the culture is at to where there's not only confusion about whether you're a man or a woman, but if you're an animal or a person. Like those things don't happen overnight. They happen from us as parents, not doing what Moses said not when we lay down when we rise up when we walk on the road when we sit down. Lay out the kingdom of God lay out the kingdom principles to them, be a father to them. Love them care for them. Provide structure even young others, especially when you're wore out, I know I know what that feels. Watching my wife I could see. And this is some husbands for you to be aware of maybe you come home in the evening and your wife is wore out because she's had a rough day trying to keep that structure there. That's you brother stepped in. I don't care what your day look like your job is not as important as those children step in, be a father to them. Be a husband, to your wife?

Unknown Speaker  40:36
What is the end goal? Of the stewardship that you have with your children? I know I've said this before, but husbands what is the number one priority of that lady that's sets by your side?

Unknown Speaker  40:56
What is your number one job. It's not a new house. It's not an upgraded kitchen. It's not a vacation. It's that someday, she can stand before the king and the king can say to his daughter, well done.

Speaker 1  41:26
That's your job. Those children that are on your lap fathers and mothers, what is your number one job for those children. It's not the education. It's not finding number perfect partner is the same thing. That when life is over, and the father calls us home that they can stand before the king. And he can say well done to your children. When that is our end goal, every decision we life, that every decision that we make in life lines up with that the education we choose for them, the job we choose for them, how we discipline them. The opportunities that we give them, how much we protect them, from the world around all those things line up with the goal of where we're going with that child. So like to sing if you would stand, I'd like to sing the song well done. And a lot of times we sing this at a funeral. And I honor some of you sitting here today have spouses or even children that you have walked with that spouse I believe 100%

Unknown Speaker  42:46
that they stand before the king and they will hear that I've watched you walk they've watched you lead your families, your wives, whoever whoever it is that you've lost. But if you're here

Speaker 1  43:06
if you're here today, that means your job isn't finished. Mid you have a job to do. You might be a brother or sister and an uncle, a mother or a father whatever it is, and someone in your life who is going to stand before the

Speaker 1  43:27
grandparents your role is so important. And all of the mothers specifically said that you and your sons and your sons that your grandparents step in that role um, I try to sing us sing along with us. But as you sing, I don't want you to sing it for you. I want you to picture your children that you're singing to them. When you know that their time is maybe over their or their whatever it is that when they're when they're finished on this earth. That's what they're going to hear. I want you to sing it for your spouse, for your wife that she would hear these words for your husband, that she would hear these words


Transcribed by https://otter.ai