Unknown Speaker  00:33
Mark you have a good vacation?

Matthias Miller  00:41
Yes, I did. It's good to be back though.

Speaker 1  00:45
Yeah. Or do you? Did you travel for Thanksgiving?

Matthias Miller  00:48
Yeah. Yeah, we went to Kansas spend time with my family. We had a memorial for my sisters Sunday for the Kansas folks who couldn't be there. Or didn't come to North Carolina. And then we spend Thanksgiving together and all my siblings were there and got to spend. spend Thanksgiving with my parents as well. So yeah.

Speaker 1  01:17
What are your parents? Are they still bit health and able to kind of get around on their own?

Matthias Miller  01:24
Yeah, my mom is my dad's. He's, he's able to get around at home but he's tired a lot and wasn't able to join us for any of the any of the gatherings his health isn't quite up to that. But he's, I mean, his sound, sound mind and great attitudes. So that's, that's worth a lot.

Unknown Speaker  01:54
Yeah. I've known several people that their parents, and you're Alva Emerson don't get to choose which is good. But I think picking between

Speaker 1  02:19
becoming mentally choosing between a mental handicap or a physical handicap, whatever you'd call it, I think I would think that the physical would be easier than caring for somebody that's mind is no longer working. I think that would be a lot. A lot more challenging. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  02:44
I agree. My, my sister, my sister is a nurse and she was talking about working with patients like that and you have to you have to engage them in whatever memory that they're in. You can't there's no redirecting, redirecting them. Which that's a that's a challenge.

Speaker 1  03:07
We had an older our friend's mom had Alzheimer's and she was she was a nurse as well. And she she said that know her mom couldn't comprehend she couldn't communicate very well and it was hard to still dance when you got angry or upset with you know, with her. That emotion still still you felt bad or that's that? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  03:45
Yeah. Well you

Matthias Miller  03:56
was your Thanksgiving.

Speaker 1  03:59
It was good. We had a bit of a different Thanksgiving, both sets of parents. My wife. My parents and Mary's parents didn't have anything planned. So we had both of them there. And then my brother in law and sister in law as well, so yeah, it was just a nice relaxing day. Nice.

Matthias Miller  04:42
All right. Hey, Drew.

Matthias Miller  04:50
All right. Well, we ready to dive in to the agenda mark.

Speaker 1  04:56
We are I didn't know we couldn't remember what which days? We're not going over otters list today then are we

Matthias Miller  05:07
not believe the plan was for that on Wednesday. Okay, for Wednesday's, yeah.

Speaker 1  05:14
Just a heads up. Messiah, Dwayne Lian are planning to be in Ohio. Thursday, Friday, Friday

Unknown Speaker  05:25
spending. The plan is spending most of Friday. Who, by Aaron to expect? I don't know. But there might be things that we want to. But I'd say for now, let's just let's just plan to what is your usual call Friday?

Matthias Miller  05:51
Usual calls at three o'clock?

Speaker 1  05:55
Pick o'clock. I'm wondering if we should maybe plan for something earlier in the day? If you have availability something like I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  06:10
1230 or o'clock?

Unknown Speaker  06:21
Or what's, what's your availability look like? I've

Matthias Miller  06:24
got I can do nine, I can be available anytime from 930 to 11.

Unknown Speaker  06:32
And you'd have to drop at 11?

Matthias Miller  06:36
Yes, I would have to drop it.

Speaker 1  06:39
Well, let's, let's plan for 930 for now. And so it would be 930? Or do the three o'clock? Three o'clock? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:55
And do you want drew on that call as well?

Unknown Speaker  07:01
Yeah, Drew is planning to be in the office as well. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  07:08
Invite as well. And send me an invite. And I will also send Dwayne an invite to the Thursday or I'm sorry, to the 3pm.

Unknown Speaker  07:20
To 3pm, Friday,

Matthias Miller  07:24
he's actually gotten 3pm. Friday as well. So yeah.

Speaker 1  07:29
But let's Yeah, I'd say let's plan for the 930 on Friday. And if we need the three we can, yeah, we can do the three. If not, we'll just put the 930 Okay.

Matthias Miller  07:42
Sounds good.

Speaker 1  07:45
But, well, I'll go through my agenda real quick. I don't have a whole lot to cover I think Drew has I may drop off at the end unless there's reason for me to stay on and but so one is basically an update we talked about invoice date, the source of truth. There's nothing new there other than see, we talked to Josh about this Wednesday morning about updating that logic on inventory and AR reports that he's built. And he believes that require several days of work on his site. We seem to think it should be pretty straightforward but just wanted to make use to the implications of what all is impacted. So based on he's kind of

Unknown Speaker  08:35
juggling that and the ACH payment ACH giving that first priority but then working this in if he asked me if I would guess it's probably going to be this week or next week before he basically no update unless you have other questions or anything to add to this.

Matthias Miller  09:05
No, I don't but I can go ahead and make the change to use the invoice date. Wait, I can remember what I said. To confirm that the invoice date is what is used for pushing to accounting.

Speaker 1  09:20
Oh, okay. Yeah, because I mean, I don't think you have to make any changes. But we confirm I guess. Are you aware of any changes currently that that you would have to make?

Matthias Miller  09:38
The biggest thing is I just I can't remember how it works. And but if we talked about it last time, and I confirm that we're good to go then. Then we are now here we are using the delivery date to push Yeah, we have a building delivered event, which needs to change to billing and waste event.

Speaker 1  10:07
Oh, okay. So some of your accounting transactions are using one event or using the other.

Matthias Miller  10:15
No, they're using. They're using delivery, and it needs to be switched over.

Speaker 1  10:22
Okay. And so if, if you switch yours over at a different time than Josh switches his over, we'll just have for that period of time we'll have potentially have different values in those two places, but other than that, nothing should really be affected should it? Correct.

Speaker 1  10:51
Do you have any idea when, when you're going to make that change?

Matthias Miller  10:58
I mean, I hopefully today yet. Yeah. And then hopefully, update tonight as well.

Unknown Speaker  11:20
Anything else on one?

Matthias Miller  11:25
Nope. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  11:30
Else it didn't get put on the agenda. But the ACH integration, we were not sure that we're going to get oh, this is kind of I'm not sure why even why or when we made the decision to use h a gateway to do Ach, it obviously works for final structures. It does not work currently for the other two companies and Josh's, working with Leann to get that resolved with IHS gateway. As Leanne was the one that set it up initially, and he gateway seems to respond. more responsive to her than to Josh. So they're kind of working together to try and figure that out. But no, so far nothing. Wait, you know what, nothing promising. So we reached out to Qurban. Martin at well, dash suggested that we may try it, you know somebody else and see who can who we can get set up first? And then Karan said, Well, I'm not sure that I I have to research to see if NMI gateway who he uses can do outbound ACH. So he should have an answer for us later this week. Then I was talking with Dave about this and mentioned that well, maybe we should have just mentioned that inbound Ach, like I check gateway they they charge the actual amount for each transaction. We're not sure what what they have for outbound. But so we talked to more about what could we how would it look if we integrate it directly with bank their online banking portal, we would obviously have I mean, the downside would be we would have to integrate with different banks.

Speaker 1  13:47
I'm just that. I think that currently Whitney is using both truest in North Carolina and CSB in Ohio using their online banking, manual ACH payments. And I believe the next step, or one of the next steps would be to, to figure out what rates by cheque gateway have what rates is proven Martin has if he can do it,

Unknown Speaker  14:19
if he can even do it, and then also see, like, what what does the bank what do those rates look like?

Speaker 1  14:30
And then eventually we'd also have to see if it's possible to integrate with banks, but we're, I think long term what we're running into snags with HF gateway and I think eventually we'll get those resolved. I'm just not Well, I guess this is a case where I should have done our I should have done my homework a little better early on. But I expect that their rates long term we're not going to be happy with with using them long term. So I think the next steps are trying to I don't know, my thought was working with Dwayne to figure out trying to figure out what the rates are with ij gateway on outbound Ach, and then working with Whitney seeing what, what the banks charge? Or if they charge anything at all, is that just a service they offer? Bank with them? And have that those numbers for comparison? And then look at? What would it take to integrate with the banks? And then? So I don't know. I mean, do you have thoughts to add to that, Matthias? Or should we should we first see if we can integrate with the banks before we have a long ramble?

Matthias Miller  16:23
Okay, so if we look at this from a project management standpoint, we need a way to pay people January 1. I'm going to assume that there's some kind of way manually we can go through the banks and manually input the routing information and pay people that way. If push comes to shove, and everything goes up in flames, is that correct?

Speaker 1  16:47
That is correct. And, and as it sits today, we can we're all set for vinyl structures, right? Through that that I mean, we could do ACH payments with Miles rotors. You know, check gateway.

Unknown Speaker  17:06
Or util our group?

Speaker 2  17:07
Yeah. You were asking me? Yeah, I think so. Yeah.

Speaker 1  17:15
But so sighs question like we could from what you've seen waiting to do, we could do the same thing for we could manually Make ACH payments for or through commercial Savings Bank for affordable if push comes to shove January 1. Right.

Matthias Miller  17:35
Yeah, we shouldn't be able to.

Speaker 2  17:39
Like we just have to make so that we just market paid the same way we would with the credit, like the credit cards, you know, where we would just mark it as paid and undo the payment manually. Right.

Matthias Miller  18:00
All right. Well, so. So then the so then there's the question of is it worth, so then it's a trade off between getting good rates versus getting it automated early. And I think I would toss this back into your court. It seems like it seems to me like if Leanne can make some calls and go up the chain of command until she finally talks to somebody who knows what they're talking about, and is able to shake things loose to get these other things working, it seems to me like, well, it's basically there, we just need to figure out what's wrong on their side that we can get it to work. So so that could give us that automation. And it's one less thing that the accounting team would have to think about or worry about. Come January 1, Whitney, whoever. DREW The so there's so that seems like a reasonable avenue to pursue. Then the question is, what about low fees? I think at the point that you start questioning whether this is the best HCH vendor, the field is wide open. And I mean, I was looking at just as an example bill.com has let's see, what was the pricing something like you know, $80 or something, something like $80 a month plus processing. What was there Yeah, Maybe that's not maybe I didn't have that in front of me. I was thinking it was a pretty small I think I mean, outbound should be should be substantially cheaper than than inbound. I was thinking of something like 50 cents a transaction or something like that. Well,

Speaker 1  20:24
you bring out a good point that, you know, we're really close to the IoT gateway being set up. So let's let's try and pursue that if we can.

Unknown Speaker  20:43
Josh and Leanne. Both are think being realistic and somewhat doubtful that we'll have a duck come through in a timely manner. But I think I can see as well, I mean, that that the chances that we'll get set up, and for January one have a test to be comfortable with any other provider by January 1, pretty slim. Really?

Matthias Miller  21:26
I think that's fair. All right. No, you cannot open it. I don't have a good sense for what what we should be white knuckled about, but it seems to me like this is a major inconvenience. I mean, this could be a not insignificant inconvenience. But still won't derail the train.

Matthias Miller  21:59
So yeah, I think something like that sounds? Sounds good. I do think it makes sense to.

Speaker 1  22:17
No, no, I think it seems like the right thing to do is stay the path with IHS gateway. See what Kervin comes back with? And then, you know, maybe Josh did say that probably two to three weeks of integration. If they can do that, you know, to set up with another vendor. Basically, let's let's, let's plan to pursue it at Gateway. But what what Qurban Martin comes back with, then? It seems like before we before we go off and do any more we implement with any other ACH provider or any bank need to a little design phase of

Unknown Speaker  23:09
what are the cost savings? Once it's set up and running? weigh that against what? What does implementation and maintenance look like

Speaker 1  23:21
with one ACH vendor versus another or we use a single ACH provider instead of versus, you know, two or three different things?

Speaker 1  23:36
If he doesn't come through in time, then we'll just plan to manually pay for a short period of time versus a year. How much how much time? If, okay, we already have have it set up for North Carolina. How much more time would you anticipate it would take you to like for affordable those in a week?

Speaker 2  24:15
I know I doubt it would be very much. I mean, it kind of depends how the system on the bank works. But I mean, I would guess not more than several minutes. And that of course depends how many transactions we're making. But I don't think there's that many that we're doing by like a significant portion of the transactions are still by printed check, aren't they?

Speaker 1  24:49
They are currently which we want to start moving that to ACA to everything bases that we can but good Well, I think that's I think we're Yeah, so as it stands, if we do nothing else, Joshua and I'm going to continue pushing it the IHS gateway set up Kervin supposed to do research this week get back to me on whether he can or cannot do it. And then if we have time like to work with Dwayne and Whitney on us would be would probably not put a lot of energy into that just now. That sounds more thoughts on that and

Matthias Miller  25:38
yeah, it sounds reasonable. If you need one more Avenue if Gerwin doesn't doesn't work I do have another gentleman that I know that does a lot of work and merchant processors and I I'd be happy to check in with him to see if he's got any good outbound ACH processors. So

Speaker 1  25:55
I do expect this going to probably one to four I see is going to probably moving from stripe to or at least looking at moving from stripe to using Qurban Martin just because vinyl structures is has run the volunteers in the past they've gone from one credit card provider to another you know somebody comes by and offers a cheaper rate to labor rates Walmart rate and but the problem with those all of those companies you have to watch them like a hawk where they just start moving adding additional fees and basically said you know with someone like curving we can somebody we can trust is going to be the same fee month after month as it might not be the very rock the most rock bottom cheapest but for our needs it seems like that

Unknown Speaker  27:00
that's the best fit so I see as transitioning to him complain 24 on beslon inbound credit card a lot of money to stripe I mean I think it's one thing if you're selling

Speaker 1  27:23
yours and mugs and stuff but if you're selling if you're making doing 2030 $50 transactions a big deal with when you're doing the Inc $5,000 transactions and it's theirs

Unknown Speaker  27:38
yeah

Speaker 1  27:42
good update from Dolan financials report I was just curious what what remains you did on those on financial reports from Joel Do you Do you know if not we can talk about it

Matthias Miller  27:59
I believe the income statements are done I'm not seeing any progress in the budget stuff. I see cash flow is showing currently in development. me see what else we got

Matthias Miller  28:46
Yeah, that's worth it. I mean, it's pretty haphazard update. We're talking again tomorrow and I Yeah, Wednesday would be a good time to get the latest on that.

Speaker 1  29:00
Okay, good. Three and Four, just notes from our projects to fit in at some point which and unless you have anything on those moved to five Drew is

Matthias Miller  29:18
still on my list.

Speaker 1  29:21
Yeah. So go ahead, Drew. I may listen in mute myself, eventually drop off. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  29:34
Did you look at these at all, Matthias?

Matthias Miller  29:39
So, in the record record sub module request. I think there's so wanting to Yes, pretty simple, I think. I think the the thing about the checks are printed on the right pane that's showing up I vote to just add a notice. If the vendor invoice report is blank to say that any checks to print are not going to be visible and you can use this menu option instead to view checks to print. Okay, there are technical reasons why Yeah, why it is?

Unknown Speaker  30:16
Yeah, that's the word.

Matthias Miller  30:19
So as far as the error on unsaved mean I wonder, too if if we should just I think the real answer is let's see we just let me let me let me pull up accounting transactions with counting transaction validation

Matthias Miller  31:09
in my mind, the right thing to fix is probably just just go fix any validation errors that we've got and solve the problem that way. If there's still any outstanding issues with the parent sub account change

Matthias Miller  31:37
let me share my screen

Unknown Speaker  31:41
would there be anything else that it would be checking for errors there looking for errors and the transactions at that point

Matthias Miller  31:55
for example because I mean normally you wouldn't be able to save because I saved the transaction with an error but because you changed the Chart of Accounts layout you do have an error I mean that the reason to check for the error is even though it's an existing condition it's to maintain maintain integrity data integrity now it's also worth

Matthias Miller  32:34
I guess what but what would be the right way to one option as a way to work around this would be when you let's go take a look at these

Matthias Miller  33:00
when you create a child account if the parent account has Okay, first of all, we should have validation on the vendor invoices as well. rechecking no administrative expense Wait a minute Accounts Payable bank fees let's see what this missing validation actually is. bank fees should not have

Matthias Miller  33:36
so what is the bank fees supposed to be

Matthias Miller  33:46
there's something else that this one is sorry, let me finish my my other thought before we get too deep in the weeds and fixing the actual issues here I think inappropriate.

Matthias Miller  34:16
Okay, so if you add a child account, there are transactions signed to the parent, we should warn since those transactions will no longer be able to be to be modified will will.

Speaker 2  34:57
You just add to that the ability to change the UK outs on those, like if you're printing that or if you're creating that error record

Matthias Miller  35:08
would you want to change that? Well the question is if you're creating a child account mark more than likely you're creating multiple accounts and so don't you ultimately need to do that on a case by case basis

Unknown Speaker  35:23
yes

Speaker 2  35:26
um, I just thought if this is showing is this a list of the transactions

Matthias Miller  35:34
yeah

Speaker 2  35:39
so I just thought well maybe you'd be like a reassign the account similar to what we do with that those incorrect payment account incorrect training method situations

Speaker 2  36:04
I mean, there's only a you know, a few dozen you just change them but if it's something that suddenly there's 200 in there

Speaker 2  36:15
doesn't really happen after a little while of using system but

Matthias Miller  36:36
okay, I will pursue that with Joel because that's core counting. So we can certainly make it better going forward on this one here

Matthias Miller  36:49
we have a bank fee

Speaker 2  36:59
same service fee is probably where it should go that is where it should go okay so this is

Matthias Miller  37:12
no where is this thing let's see if let's see if all of these are the same same issue bank fees bank fees bank fees okay so if we go here and go into is this

Matthias Miller  37:38
bank fees nope

Matthias Miller  37:54
I'm counting company

Matthias Miller  38:02
I know it's configured somewhere I just don't remember where unfortunately under invoices or details that doesn't matter

Matthias Miller  38:18
Wait a minute Did we say this was

Matthias Miller  38:30
well let's do this

Matthias Miller  38:42
there's actually probably a lot working right now it's going here cutting impact which would be an account from GL account which is F a GL Account CGL account

Matthias Miller  39:29
Okay, so what needs to happen is, this one needs to be removed and this needs to be assigned into this one. expense. And then let's see. Sure which companies these are all four but either way we should be doing those for all. Final structures would have a barn or you should do the same thing for vinyl structures and shed time

Unknown Speaker  40:05
okay

Matthias Miller  40:07
and then tonight when we regenerate those transactions we'll assign them to the child account

Unknown Speaker  40:12
yeah

Matthias Miller  40:21
we should also go back to my change request if I See.

Matthias Miller  41:36
Okay good

Matthias Miller  41:47
all right. Does the mean I guess just to confirm I think that takes care of the reconciled there's the just show a message in the left report when it's empty. Is that at least an acceptable? Yeah. Okay,

Speaker 2  42:09
I think that would work. Because you could go in from that menu item right? Right.

Matthias Miller  42:16
And then you would see everything Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 2  42:23
Now another thing that we ran into on these check printing was I wasn't doing it myself felt they're gonna be printed at a different office but he was running into not being able to adjust the pay to or pay to the order of name space

Unknown Speaker  42:40
field.

Speaker 2  42:45
Then the others seem to just okay with that one. Left and Right, you make adjustments and nothing would change.

Matthias Miller  42:53
Oh, it's interesting.

Speaker 2  42:57
Are those aren't companies specific? Are they like those decimals should be to all made to all company checks, right?

Matthias Miller  43:04
Yes, it should be made to all company checks. Let me take a look account let's see. Just what was he moving up or down or left to right?

Unknown Speaker  43:19
It was left and right. I didn't talk about but

Matthias Miller  43:35
okay, you Oh, well. That's embarrassing. We're using about a position for the instead of the left position, which is just Oh, wrong. So probably it probably help if we use the right one. I will let me I mean, the middle of things where we're just trying to make change quick. Actually, let me go do that anyway. So this is just checked template memo and memo part and we're going to change the position.

Matthias Miller  44:51
Just confirm one minute and then I can just completely forget about it.

Matthias Miller  45:06
wit, with comes from the words PE left coming from PE left. And then things are so lost. Yeah, I think I should do it. So I will take that live tonight.

Speaker 2  45:37
Oh, if we select a check to print in that checks to print list after we've changed wiring, okay, this is an update, but like tomorrow if we print one, and then go and make adjustments and then print another one. Does that that would affect that list of checks. We don't have to create new checks

Matthias Miller  46:05
Well, depends what you're changing, we're storing the payment amount on the checks your payments. I mean, you have to remove or positioning. Oh position, yes, you have to you could pull up the check itself, there's a checks thing on the menu, you can pull up the check itself. And there's a if it's, I think if it's already been printed was the condition of had, then you can pull up a PDF of the check. And just you can literally just keep that open and just refresh.

Unknown Speaker  46:42
Okay

Speaker 2  46:46
that that PDF is a PDF Yeah.

Matthias Miller  46:49
Just refresh the page.

Unknown Speaker  47:40
Yeah, okay.

Speaker 2  48:20
That should be, should be all that I'm needing for the time being. So.

Matthias Miller  48:26
Okay, sounds good. Well, I will be talking to Josh this afternoon. We'll get an update scheduled for tonight. And that will also fix the memo issue. And and we should also get the other fixes that you mentioned. No, I'm for that as well.

Unknown Speaker  48:48
He's a memo. Was that? Because he was you're talking to the memo field?

Matthias Miller  48:57
Yeah, adding the memo.

Unknown Speaker  49:00
The page of the order of

Matthias Miller  49:02
field the pay to the order of positioning we're fixing but also adding the memo field that we talked about before I completely disappeared for a week.

Unknown Speaker  49:10
Yeah, got it.

Unknown Speaker  49:21
Cool.

Matthias Miller  49:26
Anything else?

Unknown Speaker  49:28
Nope. That's it.

Matthias Miller  49:32
All right. Appreciate it. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai