Unknown Speaker  01:03
Good morning. Hey, morning, how are you good we

Matthias Miller  01:13
had our daughter was up early, and he had some extra time to make sure my wife and I could get going, and she could see the kids up to school and all that. So totally makes

Unknown Speaker  01:31
sense. I'm good. I'm good waking up a little bit. Yeah. Oh,

Speaker 1  01:45
where do we dive into our adventure? Where should we start?

Matthias Miller  01:54
Well, just a fun little thing. So I consulted with somebody on my Facebook ads, and actually two things, ran into this guy through one of the groups that I'm part of, and saw my website and booked a call with me, and he's like, I don't know why I'm doing this, but I just want to reach out and get Your perspective of what I'm working on and whatever, and I've been using him as a sounding board for for messaging and stuff. And it's it's been quite helpful. And so it's been an interesting connection. And then I turned on turn ads on yesterday, after I redid everything and got my first 15 minute call booking on the new on the new booking. So we'll see how it how it plays out. See the next anyway, there's all this stuff that it's fun,

Unknown Speaker  03:05
progress,

Speaker 1  03:07
yeah, yeah. I mean, it seems like a very like organic. I'm curious. I'm interested. Let's see what happens, kind of process, yeah, and that's exciting,

Matthias Miller  03:26
I mean, and then we were working with I also had a conversation yesterday with a friend of mine who's she's going through kind of a similar exploratory process, and is done with all the traditional business paradigm stuff for yourself, and one of the ways that we're looking to frame this is heartening, back to the collaborative strategy. So let me show up as me. You know, on the 15 minute call, let me show up as me. Give you who I am seven minutes for seven minutes, rest of it, you get to direct and you get to take where you want. And if it makes sense for us to work together, then that itself becomes a collaborative strategy. So we're not putting pressure on for this to look like anything, but we're going to let this evolve together and what it needs to be. All right,

Speaker 1  04:33
I don't know why this phrase comes to mind, but it does. As you were talking like I've heard many times in business, like the reference to, you know, you you put coal under pressure to create a diamond. And so we put pressure, we people, put people under pressure because it will bring about a diamond. And the thing that never met made sense to me was that coal being. Being put under pressure is a natural process, right? You putting pressure on somebody else is not a natural process. It's coercion. Yes, what it sounds like to me is like just a natural process of let's see if this works. If it works, great, if it doesn't work, then, okay,

Unknown Speaker  05:24
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  05:39
And I think as I've been thinking, sorry to interrupt no keep going, I think as I've thought about it over the few weeks, we've kind of been meeting and talking about it, I think that's what the Lord wants to do. I think he wants to take natural processes, and he wants to bless them, and as an example to his people, that this is me who's doing this, not you and your typical marketing strategies or, you know, all that kind of stuff. This is me who's doing this. So I think we play ourselves in a sweet spot.

Matthias Miller  06:25
I mean, it kind of triggers two thoughts when Richard Kosh is a great book called, I think, the natural laws of business, where he translates physics to different physics. And, you know, those types of things the business which, which is still very, you know, kind of very left brain type of approach to it, but I feel like one of the mindset shifts for me has been it's always had to have been a very cold and calculated engineer your way to success and make the Next Step favorite so and it's like, I think the biggest one of the big battles has been, can I show up completely as me, trust my instincts and him leading me, and have it actually work? Yeah?

Speaker 2  07:15
Yeah. Trust your gut. Trust your gut, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  07:27
Because, in a sense, if you're not trusting your gut, what are you trusting? Yeah, I

Speaker 1  07:47
for us as human beings, if we're not trusting our gut, what we're typically trusting is the the wisdom of the crowd around us.

Matthias Miller  07:57
Yeah, people like my friend really resonated. Or actually two folks, the two folks I've shown this to, really resonated with the idea of internalizing truth versus externalizing truth. I

Unknown Speaker  08:23
yeah,

Speaker 1  08:28
my mind keeps coming back to, I don't know if it was last time or the time before that we were talking about the valley, and the glass shattering moment keeps coming back to the concept of the armchair Sherpa. And how many there are, how many experts, how many coaches, how many guides there are. There really haven't been in that valley, but like to tell people what it's like to be in that valley,

Unknown Speaker  09:04
because it sells, because it sells,

Speaker 1  09:10
because everybody who's trying to avoid the valley is looking for a quick way out of the valley, and They're giving you a quick way out of the valley.

Unknown Speaker  09:24
Problem is just doesn't work,

Matthias Miller  09:31
which ironically, keeps you in the valley longer, right?

Unknown Speaker  09:35
So accomplishes the exact opposite of

Unknown Speaker  09:37
what

Unknown Speaker  09:38
we're trying to accomplish, which is very human thing.

Unknown Speaker  09:44
It's very human.

Matthias Miller  10:49
The colleague I like I was working with on messaging, kept getting after me for deleting sentences. He's like, That's a good sentence. Don't delete it. Just put somewhere else. Um, the

Matthias Miller  11:10
anyway, in situations like this, it's very easy for me to innovate and iterate past with good stuff that we had, and difficult for me to evaluate across the whole spectrum of here's the meat. This is the real core of what we need to communicate. I

Matthias Miller  11:36
think one of the other interesting questions that emerged, which is this question of, what is the what is the question? What is the them centered message. So for the people that we're looking to have within the show event, from their vantage point, what are the problems that they're facing? What is it that they want to know? What intrigues them about this? What draws them in? I

Matthias Miller  12:35
this unifying value

Unknown Speaker  12:42
and it's almost beyond

Speaker 1  12:58
the practical everyday life kind of things, because there's no shortage of people speaking into those issues. Time management, you know, interaction with your co workers or community, it's almost, to me, it's almost like we're going deeper into the existential crisis each person is Dealing with.

Matthias Miller  13:36
This is really prevalent, by the way, I I got a 15 minute booking from a guy who's grew a business from zero to 100 million and electrical engineering background and was teaching at universities and feels like expertise is commoditized, or people expect it to even be free, and wants to know what to do. So that's not much to ask for in 15 minutes, yeah, so go

Unknown Speaker  14:12
ahead and solve that problem.

Speaker 2  14:20
I um, so,

Speaker 1  14:34
yeah, it's what does it mean to be a human and to live in this world and to find peace, joy, contentment, those are the existential questions that we're talking about.

Matthias Miller  14:57
Yep, if I really. Wanted to capture somebody's attention. The perfect time to start the conversation, if there is one, is right after the right on the heels of the glass shattering event. You've just had this happen, the divorce, the business failing, the the business partnership now working out the bankruptcy the I mean, maybe part of the problem is

Matthias Miller  15:35
rationally. The problem is these are the people who are at least in a position to pay.

Matthias Miller  15:48
And maybe it's not even there. Maybe it's like, maybe it's a year or two down the road.

Speaker 1  15:56
That was my thought. That was my thought, exactly is it's probably not the perfect time right after the event. Hey, because they don't have they're still caught up in the emotions of the event, the emotions of the event, so no time to process or work through things or that kind of thing, or to to feel it. It's almost like a year or 210, years, 20 years down the road, where they're still trying to deal with that event and have not been able to

Matthias Miller  16:29
well. And I mean, I'm thinking, I'm sure you've seen patterns. It'd be interesting to see when people show up for you. But thinking of myself, it was three years before, three and a half years before I showed up at your doorstep. Yeah,

Speaker 1  16:45
it's almost like you have to get to this place where you have tried everything you know how to do and it has not worked, because the majority of what's out there wants to fix you,

Unknown Speaker  17:05
and fixing

Speaker 1  17:07
fixing you, you, fixing you or somebody else fixing you is never going to work.

Speaker 1  17:19
We need it's the person in front of us needs. We need to be known. You need to face that circumstance. We need to understand what was happening there. We need to come to grips with that. Yeah, I mean,

Matthias Miller  17:42
the analysis. Analogy is the medical system symptom management, exactly.

Speaker 1  17:46
That's all the system is doing.

Matthias Miller  17:52
There's also this functional there's a term that's used to describe functional health. I forget what they call it, symptom free, disease free. I don't know what it's like the middle section where you're not healthy, but you don't have symptoms like and I don't know exactly what. I wish I could remember the terminology that was used to describe this, but it's the idea that hold on one second.

Speaker 1  18:24
Oh, there you go. Okay, sorry. My headphones freaked out for a second. So that middle space where you're you're not presenting, is sick, but you're feeling things it hasn't started manifest yet.

Matthias Miller  18:37
You don't have disease, and you're not like hyper healthy, but your symptom is basically symptom free illness, in some kind of sense. And there's this almost like walking dead kind of like or like alive, but not whatever the right terminology is. Analogy is, but it's existing, but not living might be a good term. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  19:06
yeah.

Matthias Miller  19:16
So, so, I mean, I think a legitimate question then too, is, if I wanted to, I think we might have talked about this before, but I think of this as a progression you have, you know, life is going great, and then there's the glass shattering event, and then, and then there's the, the first of all, the emotion of the event. Then let's, let's go solve this, solve this, solve this, solve this. And then you get to the point where we cannot be solved. As a side note, I kind of wonder where the whether it's the heroes journey. Or the one of my mentors shared that the classic film script, if you want, if you want people to like a character, take away one of their parents, you want them to like them really well, to take away both of them, make them an orphan, and then there's this crushing defeat, and then there's this going to the valley, then there's the momentary success, and then there's the second defeat. And then, you know, they have to overcome that, and it's not until they overcome it the second time that, you know, get the kingdom, get the girl. Like, that's like, the picture of paradise, whatever on the other side, yeah. But if we wanted to articulate back to people, I think you mentioned some of this before, I think, I think it would be helpful to say, to articulate, these are the these are the glass shadow events, and this was its impact on them. So I think we mentioned some of them, the board's business, failing, losing a job,

Unknown Speaker  21:12
death of a loved one, death of a loved one. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  21:20
are there others that come to mind me on that, or who's all the

Speaker 1  21:26
I mean, I think, I think your betrayal, betrayal by family, by friends, isolation from a community, right?

Speaker 2  21:41
Some sort of legal issue, you know. I mean, if you look back to the

Speaker 1  21:49
to the Passion narrative, you know, Jesus experienced pretty much every human fear that could could be encapsulated. Yeah, it's like, just choose one of those. And you've got the you've got the raw materials, yep.

Unknown Speaker  22:19
And then

Matthias Miller  22:31
emotions associated with it or betrayal, disappointment, grief, shot I will usually I would

Speaker 1  22:40
narrow it down to four, okay, fear, shame, anger, sadness, and any cocktail or mixture of those four,

Speaker 2  22:59
yep, and most

Speaker 1  23:04
circumstances, most situations, most therapies will try and get you to limit the effects of those things, treat the symptoms of those things, but in reality, these four things are a path that lead us back to the glass shattering event. Which will we need to resolve, we need to understand, we need to accept and know what happened. So these are a roadmap.

Matthias Miller  23:42
So this is things like, okay, let's, let's walk through this. So fear, and I don't know if this is what you're referring to, but I've seen it, and it drives me crazy. It's like fear is, I mean, perhaps there's nuanced truth in this, but it's the idea of fear you feel the fear to do it anyway, like, allow it to like, I don't know how to describe it. There's a there's a leading end of fear and embracing fear. But there's also the fear in which it's rather than embracing it, it's all about, all about keeping it at arm's length and just taking it along for the ride. And I don't know how to describe that, but there's this pushing through the fear like, just control you

Speaker 1  24:38
Exactly. And that's the thing is, is if that fear what it actually does, there's, there's an event that happened and that really scared me. And instead of understanding why that scared me, I spend the rest of my life trying to keep from that thing from happening again, really. So it controls the rest. Of my actions, right, right? So, like a perfect example of it is, my mom grew up in a broken family, and all she ever wanted was a family, but that was fear driven because she never wanted to experience the dysfunction of brokenness again. So her fear was that so that controlled the rest of her decision making, and what ended up happening is she created the same situation that she was raised in because of the fear. Her eyes were solely focused on the fear, and it controlled everything, yeah, yeah. So her wiz her wisdom was, avoid this thing, right? And then we'll be okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:55
right? But it never happens.

Unknown Speaker  26:00
But it ever happens.

Speaker 1  26:02
It's been said theologically, Judas his greatest fear was the continuing continuance of living under Roman oppression for the rest of his for the rest of his life and for his people. That's what he was afraid of. And so he had this context that that was the problem. So even though he spent three years around Jesus, and Jesus is continually saying, This is not about empire, this is not about Rome. This is about your heart. Let's go, you know, look at that. He still once it became really clear that Jesus was not interested in overthrowing Rome, that fear controlled his actions, right? And so he did what he did because he was afraid that this was going to be the reality of the Israel's existence going

Unknown Speaker  26:57
to be permanent, yeah,

Matthias Miller  27:01
or that he would have to suffer through that right.

Matthias Miller  27:13
And you would apply that same pattern to shame, anger and sadness this event happened, and rather than taking a nuanced, curious view of why you experience the emotion, you categorically say, here's the thing, don't let it. Don't

Speaker 1  27:31
want anything to do with that. And what ends up happening is you end up creating the circumstances you're so vastly afraid of or ashamed of or scared of.

Unknown Speaker  27:47
So then what are

Matthias Miller  27:55
but that's way more obvious than what most people are aware of. The way you described it is way simpler and way more obvious than the witness people. So when you put somebody in the situation of fear, for example, pragmatically. So let's go pick a bail that's you famous marketers got nailed with FTC violations, one of them talked about, don't ever send me any direct mail in a FedEx envelope

Unknown Speaker  28:34
and

Matthias Miller  28:39
and so, picking that as an example, there's this, there's a lot of fear associated with the FedEx envelope, because it's probably there's, it's associated with the government coming after them and taking them through an expensive audit or trial period and settlement ends up being better than you know, the least single options, whether or not you're innocent or guilty.

Matthias Miller  29:15
If we were looking at that person's life using the standard we had to tell a story of that person's life and the way that person is typically looking to solve that issue. And let's say that they're going beyond just, hey, I want to make sure I don't get FedEx envelopes. But they're like, Okay, this is that they have some semblance of an idea that this is a problem and they want to fix it. How would they go about fixing it, partially fixing it? Does that make sense? Does my question make

Speaker 1  29:50
sense? Yeah, to a certain extent, yeah, yeah. So like, I see a very human pattern in that. It, this happened hard line. We can't ever do this again, because this happened right? Instead of understanding the subtlety and nuance of why this happened, the fear drives you to a hard line, so it's really just being Pharisaical about it, because you look at it big picture, what the Pharisees believed was, is we followed the law perfectly, then Messiah would come. It was about their performance. I And the reality is that Jesus comes in and says, you know all the loss, you know all the rules. You know what to do, but what you're missing is the heart of it. You're missing the relational aspect.

Matthias Miller  30:59
So which goes back to knowing and being known, which means that what's happened is you take the event and you assign personal meaning to it, yes, but you don't allow anyone close to your person, hood to your knowing and being known. And therefore you can never address the real thing. That's it. And so you're externalizing and problem solving everything. It's basically anything we can fix this problem anyway, except by self disclosure and being known. Yeah. So in this case, I'm going to go build a business. I mean, in this case, literally, I don't know. Go ahead, be careful what we talk about here. But not really looking to do armchair you know, whatever it is, but like in this case, they're building a business around helping people avoid getting nailed by the FTC. So it could be legitimate. It could be that this is their healthy response to what happened. It could be that this is a reactionary, self protective thing of I feel so shameful, violated by what happened, that I'm going to externalize this and I'm going to do something yes and and. So the way that you identify this is, I mean, isn't this analogous to Mary and Martha, where Mary sits at the feet of Jesus, connected and Martha, for some reason, you has this. It's, there's this picture of a busy body going around, rearranging everything and making everything right, and going and doing something, but don't get close to me, or don't get close to my heart. And so the the way that you identify is really, I

Matthias Miller  33:03
uh, that one to three year period, or one to 10, or however long it's been, is where it's been. All about the doing, if I can just find the right thing to do, the right what is the right step, what is the right path, what is the right all of that, and then with that, it's the you know in business. It's who has the right who's the right information, who's the right market model, who's got the right business strategy. What are the right industries to get into? What are the you know, in in in marriage? You probably know this better than I do, but it's, it's like, what are the right things to do? How do I find the right person and and probably, finding the right person actually becomes a fairly frequent it probably depends a little bit which direction the people's, you know, the individual's marriage, is going, but either one of those, it's externalizing, right? And looking out there, you also see this behavior, or we saw this kind of behavior a lot with in foster care, where you've got people in precarious relationships, and the wife has a kid to try to glue the relationship together, which is another way of externalizing something internal, in hopes to it's a doing something really to right, fix the relationship. I

Speaker 1  34:38
buy a house, I get a pet. I have a child. This is going to fix what's wrong here.

Matthias Miller  34:47
And but then it's all the classic midlife crisis stuff, too. Of like, I find the mistress, I buy the buy the I buy the car, i i, i or the supercar. And I, you know. Go on these international trips, right?

Speaker 3  35:07
Yeah, and there has to be so then, okay, so there's the glass shattering event,

Matthias Miller  35:15
where there's something great, which is like defeat Number One. But there's also this period of denial in which I can fix this by the sad or the other thing. The other thing, externalizing it, externalizing it. But somewhere there's this awakening where it's an admission to self that this isn't working anymore

Speaker 1  35:54
at all. Yeah, and that's the thing is, instead of dealing with it internally and being honest about the thoughts and feelings that this is not working anymore, I start to externalize things to try and get it to work instead of being honest. So you take a relationship instead of being honest with the person in front of you that this is not working. This is a we issue. What we need to do differently. It becomes, if I could just fix them and vice versa. You and I think it keeps people from being, I think the religious view of marriage and relationships, just in this area, keeps us from being brutally honest with what we think and feel. Well, I can't say that, and I can't think that. Okay. Well, here's the problem with that. You

Unknown Speaker  36:54
do?

Unknown Speaker  36:58
You do think that. You do feel that,

Unknown Speaker  37:02
but I can't, but I do,

Unknown Speaker  37:06
and so how do I solve that issue? I

Speaker 1  37:23
so I create circumstances and situations that deliver that message to the other versus me saying that.

Matthias Miller  37:38
And once again, we externalize the message, yes, exactly, so,

Speaker 1  37:44
so I've seen this happen three or four times. It's funny. I was just talking to a client last night. He's a musician, and he's been a worship leader like his whole career, and he started writing music and performing it in in bars and that kind of thing. And he was happy, and there was a lot of progress, and he felt the Lord with him and all that kind of thing. And then the church came against him for doing that. And so he just solely went back to church and only church, and he just felt like dead inside, yeah, and as he started to feel dead inside, he started to get these feelings about what it would look like to feel alive, well, this relationship, or that, you know, any number of things, because he didn't have the freedom to do that, and he wasn't honest with those people about what he felt while he was there and what he was doing, and when they just that they threatened to excommunicate him, essentially, and so saying, okay, excommunicate me. He went back and it was destructive.

Matthias Miller  39:04
Yes, yes, yes, yes. Side note, did they not know where some of our hymns got their music?

Unknown Speaker  39:17
No, no, don't bring logic

Unknown Speaker  39:21
into it. I forgot that was off the table.

Speaker 1  39:23
That's off the table. Completely. Do not bring logic into this.

Matthias Miller  39:34
Yes, yes, yes, yes. I feel like this is the kind of thing where the most effective thing, you know, what would be great. This is way over guilt for this. But whether it's a, you know, I can see a book like this, I don't want to write. The book. But where it's, here's a here is, it's almost a pick your an adventure like, Okay, what was your last shattering event? ABC, and the, oh, it was this, okay. Then go over to here. So then pick, go to page 17. Um, what, what was, you know, what was the outcome of, you know, what, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay, now go to page 19, and then what did you try? Or, what did you try and, or another example is just simply a book of, like, you know, 16 chapters, and we're just going to pull pages out of the diary of the person who got shut down by the church, the person who experienced the the tragic death, the person who betrayed by business partner, the the and we're going to pull pages out of the diary, and each one ends without a resolution. The only thing you see is the things that they're trying to do to fix it, right?

Unknown Speaker  41:01
That

Unknown Speaker  41:02
is for the answer, but that's what the

Speaker 1  41:04
seminar or workshop looks like. What was your glass shattering event? What choices did you make? And then everybody in the room is hearing that, and then this environment of like you get to comment on what their choices were, because everybody in that room but the person speaking can see it really clearly. But the thing that's missing there in most situations is there's a there's a shame component that's in it. What if it was compassion, understanding, knowing within that group, everybody in that group is for that person that is on the hot seat,

Unknown Speaker  41:50
yeah, wow, that's The picture.

Speaker 1  41:59
Because it's not that this knowledge that we're this, this wisdom we're talking about. It's not that it's not out there, but it's missing two things. It's missing community, and it's missing compassion, understanding and love in the midst of that community, for that person as they're walking through this glass shattering event.

Matthias Miller  42:29
And the more senior you are in any kind Actually, many of these situation, if you're still anywhere close to the original situation, there is nowhere to turn, like there's nobody you can talk to about this stuff, zero and especially if you're in any kind of leadership capacity.

Unknown Speaker  42:55
Heavy is the head that wears the crown. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  43:02
Wow.

Unknown Speaker  43:06
So this is a space you can come to,

Speaker 1  43:12
and you can actually speak what you're thinking and feeling.

Matthias Miller  43:18
I had this moment with my so I forget I joined a local, local ish mastermind, and they've got these breakout pods focused on these things. And the first thing was getting to know you, which was like, I don't know. I really suffered from being able to condense my story, my very eclectic story, into a short amount of time, I caught myself saying, making some kind of comment about my bad bosses before me, and I started to correct myself, and the group stopped me, and they're like,

Unknown Speaker  43:56
basically, like,

Matthias Miller  43:59
they can be bad bosses, like we all know what it's like, right?

Speaker 1  44:04
Everybody has had that experience.

Matthias Miller  44:07
Everybody has had that experience, but it's a miniature version of what you're describing, in which, for myself, personally, so much programming around, defend the protect the reputation of those authority and don't say anything bad about them, right, even if they're not doing things well, right?

Matthias Miller  44:37
It's just like a micro, bite sized version of this exact experience. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  44:57
wow, I. Okay, interesting. I

Speaker 1  45:00
was talking to my spiritual director yesterday, and I was, you know, we're walking through some things. And I was just saying that I was talking about this issue, this how I feel, this issue, this how I feel. And he said, You know what the interesting thing is, like, the conclusions you come to are so utterly simple and yet so profound. And he said, Where did you get that idea or what like that approach, that mindset? And I said, it's Jesus. Everything he says is completely and utterly simple.

Unknown Speaker  45:47
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  45:49
it's not complex.

Speaker 1  45:52
No. Love God. Love yourself, love others. Seek Me First what you need to focus on everything else to be taken care of.

Unknown Speaker  46:03
These are all simple,

Speaker 1  46:06
but we take it and we make it complex. Yeah, our egos, our self protection, get involved, and then there has to be a formula. There has to be some sort of calculus, you know, formula that to figure out the complexities of life.

Unknown Speaker  46:28
No, it really isn't.

Speaker 1  46:32
And I think because of the pain involved and our desire to avoid the pain involved, we make it way more complex than it needs to be.

Unknown Speaker  46:48
This is

Speaker 3  46:50
Yes, yes, yes and yes and yes.

Matthias Miller  47:02
I don't feel like I've got the same exposure, obviously looking at this through a different lens, but I posted this on Facebook. So one of the one of the messaging that we've been working on has been around the 100 proof version of First of all, my work has been the 100 proof version of me. So stop diluting it with all of these other things. And if you stop diluting it, you get 100 proof. And you know, instead of, like in most leaders, or, you know, maybe they're 40 proofs. So it's more than you know, it's superior, perhaps, but we're not talking 100 proof. And and I made this post last night, how much of this is up until working with Well, I mean, it's been a handful of people who've done this, but up until doing the work, I was always grasping for more and didn't realize that the answer is actually less. So if you just take away the dilution, that's really all it takes. And so I understand a pretty clear picture of what it is for me, but I

Matthias Miller  48:25
but it's, I mean, it's, it's this, it's a very similar thing to what you're describing, which is, there's so much noise, so little focus on fundamentals and such a need to Yeah,

Speaker 1  48:53
let's take let's take the my spiritual director always gives me a hard Time because I'll throw something out there, but then I'll give him five or six caveats around that, like, I'll say this, I'll go, I know that's probably not the right way to think about it, but and all that kind of stuff. And he goes, Why? Why do you follow it up with that? Yeah. And when it boils down to it, I want him to think that I'd considered all of the alternatives. And I if he in protecting myself, if he thinks that it's a bad idea, I want to protect myself by saying I know that's a bad idea. So I and we all do that

Matthias Miller  49:45
to one. Instead of just saying, I feel this, yeah,

Speaker 1  49:53
I dilute it like you're talking about so it goes from 100 proof idea. Okay, and we're not saying healthy, unhealthy, no, this is how I feel. This is the 100 proof version of this. Yes, and then he can have a conversation. We can have a conversation around that, but I do all these caveats to protect myself against the power of this idea. I

Unknown Speaker  50:31
and you're

Matthias Miller  50:38
not supposed to be you're not supposed to be supposed to be taking these calls to give me stuff that they should be paying attention to

Unknown Speaker  50:46
afterwards, forgive me,

Speaker 3  50:56
put you on some good probation, right? It.

Speaker 1  51:04
This is, this is the real stuff I'm talking about. Like, within this workshop, it's like, until we actually get the 100 proof thing out there, there is no healing, there is no freedom, there is no moving forward. Do

Matthias Miller  51:21
you know what the expansion version of this is, cultural transformation within an organization,

Unknown Speaker  51:31
Right? That's it, that.

Speaker 1  51:41
But it has to be in pods of 10 to 15 people. Beyond that, people will not put the 100 proof out there.

Matthias Miller  51:56
But you can start with if you would have a path to to scale. If it is this, it's go. Get the Go, get the executive team in with other executives independently. Have them walk this journey for about 12 months, or whatever it is, get freedom, believe in the results. Then have the executive team do this with them, have them and then just start working your way through the organization, eventually getting to the point where departments are doing this together. Or if it makes sense, I don't know if it makes sense, but choose strata. You know, have like strata across the organization, where I get this guy from marketing, this guy from you know, this engineer, this sales guy, the accountant receptionist, are in the room, and they are, they are having honest conversations and getting to a point where they can then have have these types of Hunter proof conversations with the managers and uplines. Do you know what kind of just ridiculous efficiency you would gain within within a company by doing that? Boom, yep, it's like dynamite man. Yeah,

Speaker 1  53:15
it really is. It really is cutting the head off the snake. Yeah, instead of doing these manipulative tactics and these team building things which Nobody enjoys, let's go straight to the 100 proof truth of what you're experiencing.

Unknown Speaker  53:37
It just

Speaker 1  53:41
you shall know the truth, and the truth shall set you free.

Matthias Miller  53:46
And there's no retribution. There's only curiosity and compassion and and if, and you know that, I think the determining factor ultimately comes the condition for hiring becomes, becomes, are you willing to take steps toward living in a world, a business world without self protective defense mechanisms and and again, nuanced. It's not, are you there or not? And it's not, but it is. Are you willing to adapt and conform into a culture that lives like that? Yeah,

Speaker 1  54:42
it's like, picture this. This picture just came into mind. So you're sitting with a group of, say, five executives, and one executive within that group is brutally honest. Hate my life, hate my job. Isn't a good fit, that kind of thing. No Exec. Creative at the higher level is going to stand there and say that honestly, so what if we could provide like, what's going on? Like, what is it about life? What is about the job that you don't like? And let's say the outcome is it's just not a good fit. How about we provide you a runway so you can figure out what it is that you do want to do, and we send you away with our blessing. Of this is what it looks like. How transformative would that be in corporate America? Instead of, Oh, you don't like your life, you don't like your job, see ya get out,

Matthias Miller  55:42
right? We can't have that because we gotta protect ourselves from somebody who's going to take advantage of us while they're going and looking for something else, right? Instead of how can we make this a mutual by the way, this is fundamentally the issue that I have with this. This is my first job turned into mutual. Self Protection from the from the business side, self protection of we don't believe this person is committed. We're not going to allow this person in the business until they are committed, and so we're going to protect ourselves from a non committed team member. Flip side, it's like, Oh, so you're not going to take care of me. Well, that's pretty clear. So I'm going to, I'm going to have to find something else, because it's not working. And, I mean, there's other dynamics too, you know, not being able to communicate what it is not not, let's just say this, not communicating what it is that I'm really feeling and What I really want. But, yeah, interesting, interesting,

Unknown Speaker  57:01
fascinating stuff,

Unknown Speaker  57:09
super fascinating.

Speaker 1  57:15
And I think it's timely, because the corporate model has run its course. It's outlasted usefulness, useful, usefulness, and you have people just dying on the vine,

Unknown Speaker  57:34
Stuck i

Unknown Speaker  57:40
i want to show you this. What I

Unknown Speaker  58:06
this is relevant.

Matthias Miller  58:09
Share the so the messaging we've been playing around with, so looking at this is crafted with something targeted on like LinkedIn. Waste your time. How is being the man I could have been? After diluting myself for years, I distilled who I was into 100 group version. This work has changed my life and the leaders I've helped. If this would serve you, let's connect. I'm here for you, and then one of my life pillars is collaborative strategy. It means letting go of chasing outcomes and letting right things emerge that end handing out 15 minute clarity shot calls. My goal is help to draw the approved version of you. Clarity shot has made the three ingredients, clarity on your passport, connection with the authentic self, grace to take the next step. I'll guide the first seven minutes the last eight. You may even want to go deeper in the conversation, tackle a particular problem, share what you're working on. Introduction asks for the referrals for working together, you and I are surrounded by 40 proof leaders. They could be exceptional. They've accepted the average. Let's leave average of that and and crack open the 100th version of you. Would you like to have a clearing shot?

Unknown Speaker  59:11
Hmm. I like it. I like it. I

Speaker 1  59:23
uh, very simple, that's what I'm promising. I get seven minutes. You get eight. We'll see where it goes from there. See where

Matthias Miller  59:31
it goes from here. And I love the fact that you know worst case scenario. First of all, I hate the spammy like this is, this is direct confront to, Hey, we should connect and network and see how we can collaborate. Except message number one, pitch, pitch, pitch, pitch like, and I would say I don't really have a good way of maybe these people feel like they're at the top of their game. Do. If all of them will look like they are. The question is, are they willing to is it possible that they're not? And if they're not, are they willing to admit it? Yeah, and, and these are, you know, anyway, so he has legs to it. I'm probably slightly terrified of just taking this and running, yes, but I love it. If

Unknown Speaker  1:00:26
you weren't slightly terrified, it wouldn't be worth doing.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:29
Well, yeah, yes,

Speaker 1  1:00:39
that's just say that as an as an anecdotal thing, I say that, like looking back on my life, the things I was slightly or massively terrified of, that I actually went through and followed through, were the most life giving things that have ever happened.

Matthias Miller  1:01:00
Well, because, I mean, this is getting philosophical again, but, like, I have to say this on a call with you, but the when you recognize that this is a whole big question, we don't have to get into it, but is safety always a self protective mechanism? Because there are people who genuinely are, are safety oriented? Because that's who and how they need to show up in the world?

Speaker 1  1:01:38
Yeah. I my answer to that would be, yes, safety is always a self protective measure. And there are times where that is necessary and there are times where that is not, and we have to learn how to discern between the two. I like it.

Matthias Miller  1:01:56
And the reason why it's one of the reasons why it's life giving, is it's removing unnecessary self protective measures, yes, and allowing us to fully live.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:04
Yeah, if you're

Speaker 1  1:02:06
walking through the mountains today and a bear shows up on your path, safety and security and self protection, totally legit. Wise idea. Yeah, if you're walking down that same path and you have the thought of a Bear, not a wise self protective moment. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:37
Fair enough.

Speaker 3  1:03:04
I All right, what else?

Speaker 1  1:03:14
Think that's enough to process for this session. Yep,

Matthias Miller  1:03:21
so I'm in my head. I'm road mapping. How do you communicate this? Who? Who do you? How do you? How do you communicate the invitation? That's the basic thing. And maybe, maybe maybe it could be as simple as a single paragraph, where it's, it's, we're putting together an event. Here's, here's what we here's what we found every every

Matthias Miller  1:04:01
here it is. I don't know if this is it, but it's something like we've been observing the development of leaders for a long time, and we've noticed that there's a pattern and transformation in a leader's life almost always starts with the glass shattering event.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:26
It's existential crisis. Existential

Matthias Miller  1:04:29
crisis when all of the things you believe to be true come crashing down and all you have is a pile of rubble. And it could look could look like X, Y and Z, but you may have your own thing, and we found that often leaders for leaders, right after that event, there's the there's dealing with the immediate crisis, but as they go forth from that, it's trying to orient your life. Life around what happened? Yes, and what we found is that leaders who successfully navigate this versus leaders who don't come comes down to one thing after the dust is set. You know comes, comes down to their willingness to, I don't know. I kind of want to, I don't know why. I kind of want to believe it as

Matthias Miller  1:05:40
Okay, so the one that how many year period is all doing? They're doing all kinds of things, and at some point there's this second, I don't know what else to call it, like this might be a better term, but there's this second awakening where they realize that all of the stuff that they've been doing still hasn't solved the problem. And we've been working, you've been working, whatever, working with with leaders to actually get to the most fundamental to the to,

Matthias Miller  1:06:20
well, no, I mean, this event is simply for those people. You've had the glass shouting event, you've walked through the crisis, and you've been doing all of the things to try to bring it to resolution, and it still hasn't come to resolution. And if this is you, we'd like to have you here, because it will be I think

Unknown Speaker  1:06:44
that's a good place to start.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:49
Yeah, cool,

Speaker 1  1:06:53
yeah. After the shattering, what does it look like to rebuild stronger than you were before?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:01
Wow, that's good. That's good.

Matthias Miller  1:07:17
That's what they've been trying to do. We just failed at it. So

Unknown Speaker  1:07:25
let's get better. So let's

Unknown Speaker  1:07:26
get better.

Matthias Miller  1:07:33
There's, there's also, I still love the imagery of the seals. Yeah. How do we? How do we? I don't really want to use this this imagery, because it's pretty de honest, and it could be well this spoken or misunderstood. But what is the difference between the traumatized vet that sits at home and whose life crumbles apart, and this the SEAL who went on a on a mission that went sideways and gets back in the game and goes for round two, right? And what I don't like is it really throws the first people under the bus, and there's a lot of stuff that's going on for them, and I don't want to do that,

Speaker 1  1:08:32
but maybe it's necessary to confront it. Maybe it is this is, maybe this is how you responded. And how did that turn out? I I think it's like the core has to be wisdom gained through pain and suffering.

Matthias Miller  1:08:51
But I think, I think you can also be here's where you are. Now look ahead. You can see the person. You can see these two types of people, and you know, the old guy who's this Ziggy, like, whatever the right term is, grouch, who's, you know, TechEd the world and, and Nobody wants to be around him. And his story ended. And, you know, even though he tried to, you know, he was doing this, that, or the other, history ended. Then there's this other guy. He's the sage. He's sitting there, he's walked through it. He's actually better for he's healthier for it. And this, this moment, is a decision point in let's fast forward, 2040, 60 years from now, which, which of these is going to be you.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:02
Which one do you want?

Speaker 3  1:10:05
Which one do you want? That's fair. Which one do you want?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:10
Because you get to choose,

Speaker 1  1:10:12
and you're sitting here today tells me that you don't want option A. You actually want option B, but you're afraid. Yeah, yeah, so let's face that fear together. Yeah, it's what I'm offering you. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:37
good feeling you're crazy.

Speaker 1  1:10:38
I am. I readily admit it, and I'm sure this isn't shocking to you, you're not the first person that said that.

Matthias Miller  1:10:52
Yes, it's it's a good thing. I'm sitting down, Kevin,

Speaker 2  1:10:58
I love it. She i Alright,

Speaker 1  1:11:07
let's, let's look at our calendars. Yes. Can we do this again?

Matthias Miller  1:11:15
So I've got a early mornings Tuesday, and I mean, Monday, anytime from six Pacific up until however late you want to

Speaker 1  1:11:30
go, Yeah, let's, uh, let's do six Pacific on Monday.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:35
Okay, how much time do you want to block out of that

Speaker 1  1:11:37
conversation? Um, I feel like we're getting deeper. So let's block out at least an hour and a half

Speaker 2  1:11:45
if you've got that amount of time. Oh yeah, yeah, let's block that,

Speaker 1  1:11:51
okay, and then if it goes I don't have anything directly after that, if it goes longer than that, great. Yeah. Uh,

Matthias Miller  1:12:05
yeah. I mean, I blocked out my Monday and Wednesday mornings because those are about the only mornings at work. So just that way, nothing gets nothing gets scheduled. On top of it, perfect. So good, awesome. Good stuff, man. I'm excited. I'm thinking this other, this other guy, can also help, help some with,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:27
I mean, he, he's, there's a

Matthias Miller  1:12:31
lot of stuff. He's on the same page on So, I mean, obviously, different background, different sources, but I think you'll be able to help us, too with messaging. I'm pretty excited about that.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:39
The more the merrier. The more

Unknown Speaker  1:12:42
the merrier, Thanksgiving. All right, man, you too.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:45
Bye. All right. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai