Matthias Miller  00:37
Hey, Brian, Hey, good to see You. Yeah,

Speaker 1  00:40
you too. Are you in the springs? That where you are,

Matthias Miller  00:45
Canyon City, so it's an hour southwest of the springs. Toy that is Royal Gorge.

Speaker 1  00:55
I was gonna say Canyon City is Royal Gorge. Yeah, that's some, sorry, just making sure you're hearing my mic.

Unknown Speaker  01:06
Yep,

Unknown Speaker  01:07
thank you. Are that's some, that's some amazing terrain there.

Matthias Miller  01:13
Yes, it is. We've got almost every kind of outdoor type of thing that you want to do right right here. So, yeah, yeah. And are you? Where are you right now?

Unknown Speaker  01:32
Oh, you mean, where I live?

Matthias Miller  01:33
Yeah, yeah. Are you living in Chicago?

Speaker 1  01:36
No, I don't know. I don't know if he talked about this. I'm in Lincoln Nebraska, which is where, where Perry and I grew up, yeah, and I spent Perry moved away and never wanted to come back. I moved away and lived away for nine years, four years in China, four years in LA and only, only ever wanted to come back. So I did interesting 20 years ago, and been here since so

Matthias Miller  02:08
awesome. Little fun fact, we've got, I've got, like my wife is family in Cordova, between York and Seward, okay, and so, right off of right off of 80 going Western, you about again 45 minutes to an hour. So there you go. We get pretty close.

Speaker 1  02:32
Is there? Is there anything less fun than interstate 80 through eastern Nebraska?

Matthias Miller  02:37
Yeah. The The problem is these days that there are actually semis who occupy both lanes, and it's really taken any fun that there had been straight out of it. So, yeah, yes, yeah, all right, good. Well, go ahead.

Speaker 1  03:00
I was, I was reading your note in the forum about this, I don't know, about half hour ago, just rereading it. And very interesting. I I want to, I want to say this right up front. I you had, you had stated rather firmly as a kind of a prerequisite for this to be open to spiritual experiences. And I, I, I hope I demonstrate that I am. I want to say in the same breath, I've always been very skeptical of the memo stuff. Yeah, I just, I want to lay those, both of those facts out on the table. Never had a bad memos experience, but I, but I'm cool. I, I, I know you at least well enough to know that your great conversation around table dinner. So I have, I'm excited to see what happens today.

Matthias Miller  04:07
Sounds good, and I am, from the flip side of the table, very open to, you know, I think I'm very open to exploration around what these experiences actually are, and all of that. So, yeah, and if there's, I think, I think what makes everything work is always transparent conversations in both directions. And if there's anything that you are uncomfortable with. Please let me know. Yeah, here to Yeah. So

Unknown Speaker  04:52
I'll try. There's yeah, there's something I don't like. I'll i. I'll question it

Matthias Miller  05:01
sounds good. I like it. So

Unknown Speaker  05:05
I like it. I don't know where you want to go, but I'm good to go all

Matthias Miller  05:11
right. So I mean, the way that I've typically been doing these is just kind of jumping into into memos and intuitive type stuff, and then it's typically evolved into, what does this mean, and, and, and where are you at and, and how does this tie together, and what is a path forward look like? So

Speaker 1  05:39
a question for you. I i I have a notepad here where I can flickety, click away. I'm aware you're recording this. Do, do people? Do you get the sense that people are your conversations go better when people are not trying to type,

Matthias Miller  05:56
uh, listen, I'm, I'm, very, I'm, I'm very open handed with these things, and I think most of my questions come back to and actually a lot of the conversations that I have go back to trusting yourself and your instincts on it. And if you're, if you love seeing the analytical or like, love typing it out, fleshing it out, seeing the patterns, analyzing, processing all of those types of things. Like, by all means, go for it. I don't I don't know that I've seen a huge I don't know that I've done enough of these to say, hey, if it's this way, then go, do you know that there's a better way, right? So whatever, whatever helps you, yeah, I'll just go back to this, whatever you instinctively think is going to help you, okay, help you. Make the best of our time.

Unknown Speaker  06:54
I'll play it by ear. Then, sounds good. I

Matthias Miller  07:04
Yeah, so, I mean, the thing that I kind of wanted to, I guess I wanted to express to you, was just this invitation to to breathe and to explore and

Speaker 1  07:26
to sorry was was that breathe or Breathe, breathe,

Matthias Miller  07:29
breathe, Breath, breathe, to explore, to create and to to like like, the the invitation to let the artistic nature come forth, the the creative expression that all of those, all of those things and, there's, there's sometimes, I think you're, you're very familiar, you're likely pretty familiar with this line of thinking. But there's sometimes when the this, this space that we often live in, in business, in the professional life, and I know very little about what you do. Besides, we had a brief conversation about a little bit of what you do. There's such a pressure to conform to to analytics and logic and reason that that we sometimes develop this. It's like, it's like, it's like the guy who goes to the gym and and the only weights that he's ever given here, let me see if I can break down this analogy. It's if we were to optimize a gem for for what people want, we would have all of the the bench presses and, you know, champ bars and all of those things and anything related to leg strength would be completely out the window, because everybody wants the arm muscle. They want the like and that's what's that's what's rewarded and and in the same way within within environments that we're in. Sometimes there's this pressure, and this this drive to, like the the equivalent space in business is the drive towards analytics. So if business. We're a gym. Analytics is the it's the bench press and the the art and the Create. Creative expression is the leg day equivalent and the ins, in you know, the the instinct is that there are riddles for yourself that you're trying to solve that are really poetic in nature. And that are,

Matthias Miller  10:53
like, I know you well enough to say that, like you're a really sharp guy, like you're smart, you're brilliant, you're analytical, you could pick pieces apart. You like, like, you're you're incredibly intelligent and gifted like that. But I also feel like there's this,

Matthias Miller  11:16
like, like, part of the riddle that you're solving is, is poetic in nature, and probably go even so far. And I again, I welcome skips. We might even have talked about this. I don't even know it's possible. It's possible. We didn't, but I even felt like, but, but like, there's this sense in which poetry itself, the reading of it, the writing of it, like that. There's a whole world of poetry that you might be involved in that, that poetry itself, plumbing the world of poetry, the the rhythms, the language, the new ones, the the emotion, the expression of human experience, the the capturing of a moment in time, the window of taking somebody else and and get, getting them into the

Matthias Miller  12:30
like, like, there's this sense in which, as I'm describing poetry, I'm describing you, But, but it's this, I'm going to go take somebody from the outside who hasn't had my experience. And poetry is the embodiment of a moment of time, and experience a an encapsulation of that. And it's an invitation for somebody to step into that space. And I feel like one of the things that you are particularly gifted in is like there's a few things that kind of stand out to me from that that kind of analogy. One is the

Matthias Miller  13:27
one is the ability to see the the structure underneath the mess. So not underneath the mess, but underneath what most people would understand to be unstructured, in the same way that poetry has, you know, it may be a free flowing structure, it may be a more cadence structure, but, but it's putting a structured expression to a dynamic living experience, a set of emotions and thoughts and I feel like there's a unique ability that you have around taking organic human experiences, life that happens, stories that happen to people, and finding the thread that makes its way through that story from start to finish in a way that reveals, okay, So trying to make this as practical as possible. Um, I could see you sitting down with an individual, having a conversation with them. They are, they are expressing their story of something that happened, and it could be a micro timeline like this is a here's where we're at in business. Business. And these are the ups and downs that we've experienced. And these are the patterns that I've seen with this particular team member. And this is the x, y and z, and it's a mess. I don't understand, I can't see. And you thread the pattern through from the beginning of the story all the way through the end of the story, and you say, here is the theme that underlies all of this. Or if you were writing, if you were interviewing and writing for a memoir or a biography or something, it's, it's, here is my life experience. There's this i it like the traditional paradigm wants to put people into singular categories, and it's like somebody coming to you and say, I have this story. This is the track that makes sense. And I see this theme. And if I would leave this particular life changing event out of my story, I could fit everything neatly into the box, and he and it's like, you respond and say, no, no, don't take tell me the story. And when you get to the part where, where it goes over, I mean, like this is, let me, let me tell you how I'm visualizing it like, like, I'm seeing like this as a I mean, this is the wrong direction. It would be better to have it horizontal. Here's the story, you know, anywhere from birth to present moment, and and then. And this is the story that makes sense. But over here is this outlier event. And if I wanted to publish a biography as an example, where I wanted to present this as a theme, I would have to, I could do this, and it would be called, you know, X, Y and Z, and it would be beautifully packaged, and it fits all the marketing speak. But there's this piece over here that is so uniquely me that does not fit into this I feel compelled to share it. I can't fit it into this box. If I fit it into this box, I lose this can you help me? And so you say, Stop, tell me the story. Just tell me the story. And so this person goes wandering around here, and everything's basically in the box, and then up here, then back around all the way to the end, and you say, no, no, like you thought the story was this, and the story actually is, and I don't know exactly how this is, but the story is this, and it's actually, it's actually, we said this was this, was it ABC, and the story is actually XYZ. And if you look at it like that, this is the thread, and this is the message, and it's not linear, but it's a, I see it as a

Matthias Miller  17:56
Like distilling, the ability to distill all of this,

Unknown Speaker  18:02
the uh, this

Matthias Miller  18:04
paradigm is we got from A to B, it's linear. And this is, there is a thread that's running through. Let me describe the thread, and when you describe the thread, you're like, yes, that story makes sense. It has meaning. That's the essence of my life. That's the essence of my story. And then the ability to find that thread communicate all parts of the story, what the things leading up to this, this event, the things leading after this event, they all tie back down to this common thread that that is such a unique characteristic of how the person lives and operates. And I feel like that's that's like, I don't know, like there's this contrarian, this contrarian perspective, ability to wrestle through this stuff that's really profound. Again, I'm more you've been talking about, about writing last time we talked, or things with words I don't even remember, but, but there's also this sense in which, in this story, you have the ability to perceive the underlying okay, this is, this is your story, and I'm going to share it. This subtext is everyone's story, and this is what's going to get people to read it, because they're going to see themselves in it. And I get the impression that I

Matthias Miller  19:45
yeah, not sure. Maybe just a hunch. And maybe this is just, I don't even know what it is, but perhaps, perhaps storytelling actually is. It's it's more than storytelling. It's not storytelling. Telling. It might not even be. It might be everything before the storytelling, the PC, the finding the thread, the putting the threading, the like, like finding the thread before storytelling. And it almost, it's almost like maybe you're not even the storyteller. The the you find, you're able to identify the thread in the path, and maybe you're maybe you're not, but, but you create the structure and the theme and and from that, that then becomes the the framework for, or the foundation of storytelling. I noticed, I think story. I mean, obviously stories tied in there. I think there's, there's a connection to storytelling. So somewhere it might be clear to you than it is to me, how it ties in. I think maybe it's kind of not. It might not be a completely conventional integration of storytelling, I don't really know

Unknown Speaker  21:10
I've been very quiet here. I have no disagreement with anything you've said here. How have you been in the same room with Megan Macedo? You know Megan? Familiar with her work?

Matthias Miller  21:31
I'm not. I have been on the periphery. I've read some of her emails. I've listened to the very few videos of her talk, so they've been able to get my hands on I've never worked with her directly or gone deeper work. Okay, so, but I do have some framework and context for how she divides the world into pieces, but I haven't gone

Speaker 1  21:54
so she one of the, one of many things she does, is she helps people discover their story, which is really, really important, and

Speaker 1  22:16
I'll rattle off a few random things. Short version. I yeah, I think you're absolutely right. There's certainly, there's certainly lots and lots and lots and lots of storytelling in everything I do

Matthias Miller  22:36
that I love. I

Speaker 1  22:40
understand your sort of momentary struggle there with like, well, it's not just Brian is a storyteller I understand, but I do love storytelling, to be sure, and love to incorporate it in as much stuff as I do as I possibly can.

Speaker 1  23:02
Megan has a a couple very common everyday terms that Megan uses that are that for Megan and her work and people in her planet, Megan are actually technical terms, and the most the biggest one is her term real work. What is your real work? Which is the the the stuff you've been doing your whole life in some form or another that flows naturally and effortlessly out of every cell of your body that you have been doing since you were old enough to put, you know, so old enough to crawl. That was the reason you were put on Earth. And so you know, when she works with people, the journey, the journey she's always with with people, and the journey I'm on, and stuff I've done with Megan is figuring out what is my real work, and getting clearer and clearer and clearer on what that is, what all that is and what all that encompasses, and then getting you to the place where your real work is as much a part of putting food on the table for you as anything. And best case scenario, you were doing your real work all the time, and you're getting paid fully and generously for it, and all of your needs are met through it. And so she's, you know, she works with people to make that process happen. And so. Another technical term that she teaches people to wrestle with is that your real work is always driven by an ache, A, C, H, E, and it's it's something you want, something you need, or some thing you see that's not right with the world, or something the world is missing that you are there to fill, and it's always there, and it's always gnawing at you, not in a horrible way, but it it is. You know, I think she always uses, I think she also frequently used the term your holy discontent, and so so to the little model you drew of, of a person I'm sitting with who's got this storyline

Unknown Speaker  26:06
where it's packaged in a way that it doesn't quite work, or it would work, except for that One thing over there, that one little outlier thing, um,

Speaker 1  26:27
there's a sentence I find myself, part of my ache is, there's a sentence I find myself saying all the time, And the sentence is, everybody is getting this wrong. And so if I'm sitting with a person, and then the the manifestation of that is I'm sitting with a person like you're describing, and they're walking me through their life timeline, and as they're talking, you know, and then they mention outlier X hanging up there above it, I start getting that ache inside of me that's like you or someone or everyone around you or something is getting this wrong, and my mission in that moment then becomes, how do we get this right? Or how do we start on the journey to get this right?

Unknown Speaker  27:29
And I can tell you a funny story. I don't know. I don't know if you've ever seen this book before? Yes, I love

Matthias Miller  27:42
it. Have you read it? I pieces of it. Bits of it. Yes.

Speaker 1  27:49
Would you happen to remember the story he tells about a refrigerator, freezer that he bought? I don't that had, so I want to say this. This was probably years ago when he was like a starving bachelor or something like that, and he he went, he went to the appliance store, and he bought a relatively inexpensive refrigerator, freezer, and he brought it home. And if I could find the picture,

Unknown Speaker  28:21
I just

Speaker 1  28:24
off the top my head. I'm not, not funny. Anyway, he brings it home, and he notices, you know, and it's got a freezer compartment, and it's got a separate refrigerator compartment, and when you open the refrigerator compartment, there's a couple of temperature controls just sitting up at the top. And you know, the higher you turn them, the colder it makes the unit. And one of them is labeled refrigerator, and one of them is labeled freezer. And so he assumes, like any natural person would assume, that the temperature control on the left is controls a thermostat for the freezer, and the control on the right controls the thermostat for the refrigerator. And so he puts his stuff in this. And a few days go by and he realizes something's wrong with this, and the I'm playing around with the temperature in this but the freezer isn't freezing and the refrigerator is too cold, and I'm confused. And he ends up futzing with this for weeks on end, and can't figure because something's wrong, and whatever these buttons say they're doing is not what they really do. And he ends up, I think at some point, having to get a schematic diagram of the entire unit. And finally, he pieces together what's actually going on here. And what's going on is that there are not two thermostats for this, one for the freezer, one for the refrigerator. There's actually only one so. And so the knob on the left is the thermostat for the unit. The knob on the right, it turns out, controls a valve that determines how much of the cold air is going to go into the freezer side and how much of the cold air is going to go into the refrigerator side. And once he figures this out, he's cracked the code, and he's like, oh, okay, turn it cold, put more of the cold air in the freezer, and we'll, we'll figure it out, and it works. But what baffles him is, why did they label these things this way, like deliberately and purposely just labeled these wrong. Why did they do this anyway? He he never got an answer to that particular question. But when I read this, and this was, I don't know, maybe a month and a half ago, that I read this story for the first time I'm like that illustrates for me my ache in the world about as well as anything I any single one funny story, I've found that the world as we experience it, is full of 1000 real rules, a little like The Matrix, real rules that run how things really operate, that govern how people really behave, and what's really driving this or that organization or something, but the labels on top of it are deliberately and completely wrong, and this frustrates me, and frustrates me to no end in every conceivable department of life, and part of my mission is for me to figure out more of these things and then articulate to people what's really running the show here, so that they're not confused. They're no longer confused by these two temperature knobs, either. And that's just a that's just a funny illustration of a little piece of what I would call my ache in the world. I don't know how much of Perry's evolution work you follow

Matthias Miller  32:27
a little from a dis from from a distance. I'm not super deep, but I get his newsletter, and again, from a distance. So

Speaker 1  32:36
one of the key players in in Perry's world, a gentleman he's become very good friends with over the years is an 87 year old Oxford scientist named Dennis noble. Don't know if that's a name that rings a bell, but Dennis, Dennis was part of a team at Oxford in the 1960s that figured out the entire molecular and cellular structure and the in the electrical patterns that make the heart beat. And it was his him and his colleagues in in their work that eventually made pacemakers possible, because they cracked the code on how the heart actually beats. And anyway, that was, that was his great breakthrough as a young man, and and over the years, he he's, he very much believes that evolution is a real thing in the world, but he's strongly, but very quietly, dissented from the old school. Richard Dawkins, you know, random mutation plus natural selection plus time story, and in the last 20 years, has started to dissent. Very, very, very vocally and strongly against it. Well, Perry made a formal about two months ago. Perry, via email, formally introduced me to Dennis, and Dennis to me, and he said, he said, Dennis, I don't know where this will will end up but you need to know my brother Brian. And I think, I think having him on our team here, Dennis, I think having Brian on our team here will prove very fruitful. So Dennis meet Brian. Brian meet Dennis. And one of the things Dennis did in response to this was he sent me the 11 chapter draft copy of his personal autobiography and memoir. And he, he said, the work, I'm. Doing and dissenting from the orchithodoxy needs to make it into the larger, wider media. I have my autobiography here that tells my story. It's long and twisting and winding. Something in here is something that someone in the wider media needs, needs to pick up and bring this larger story to the world, but I don't know what, and I don't know how, and at this point, it's all just in draft form. So for whatever that's worth, here you go. So, um, so I'm just mentioning that that your your diagram, there of people in their story. It's actually manifesting itself in something I'm devoting thought space to on a weekly basis right now. It so happens to be on behalf of a famous Order of the British Empire, Empire professor from Oxford University. So I just thought I'd share that. So that's, that's my list of just random stuff

Matthias Miller  36:18
I like. I like random stuff as you're like, it is viscerally feel a lot of excitement, excitement over that. Not from a, this is not the Oh, Dennis noble, like, let's, let's like, like, it's him. This is like, but just from the, if you want to talk about there's, let me ask you, from the sense, sense of real work, from from insatiable curiosity, from the eight to set things right, how does that Project, the the Dennis book project, fit with you, um,

Speaker 1  37:15
I can, I could either ask you to clarify the question, or I could just riff, you know what? I'm just going to

Unknown Speaker  37:20
riff. Um, it

Speaker 1  37:33
it's deeply exciting to me that that I've been given the privilege of being handed that kind of with the open ended challenge of, hey, let's see what we can do this that might become a story that people in the media would really want to pick up. I i love that as a challenge, and it's, it's just just the energy I get from that. It's just wonderful. It also triggers me in a bunch of ways.

Unknown Speaker  38:12
And,

Speaker 1  38:18
yeah, so some some, some things I'll share that you might not, you probably wouldn't instantly know about me or pick up, but people that work with me figure this out over time.

Speaker 1  38:36
The last thing I want is to become someone's proofreader. I Yeah, I've done lots of work. My our our dad, Perry's, and my dad was, was an edit, a magazine editor for years and years, and he was very good at that work. And I've inherited a version of that. I mean, I can do that. You know, if I have to put food on the table by editing manuscripts. I can edit manuscripts and be really good at it, but that's not the highest thing to which I aspire by a long shot. And when presented with an opportunity like this with someone like Dennis noble, I don't want to get relegated to being someone's proofreader. Yeah, and I'm I could be easily triggered by the fear that I'm about to yeah, um,

Speaker 1  39:45
I don't know any other way to say this, but also very closely connected to this, I have a very, very powerful You're not the boss of me. Three. That runs through me that I've tried to jettison a gajillion times over the years, but it's not going to go away. And are you familiar with Gretchen Rubin and her four tendencies model, I'm not that ring a bow.

Unknown Speaker  40:32
Where? Okay, here we go. She,

Matthias Miller  40:40
she says

Speaker 1  40:42
she has a model where you can divide the world into four different kinds of people, according to her model, there's the rebel, there's the questioner, there's the obliger, and there's the upholder. And it's actually a very it's a very simple matrix,

Unknown Speaker  40:59
and I and and you, you, you classify yourself according to two very simple categories.

Speaker 1  41:12
So each of us has outer expectations given to us by other people, and then we have inner expectations based on stuff we want for ourselves. And every one of us resists one or both of those, or we meet one or both of those. And so the four kinds of the four kinds of people, the rebel is someone who resists outer expectations and somehow finds a way to also resist inner expectations. And the questioner resists outer expectations but is happy to meet inner expectations. And then the obliger meets outer expectations but resists inner expectations, and the upholder meets both, if that makes sense,

Unknown Speaker  42:03
and it's not a super sophisticated model, but it is. It can be very eye opening if you're like, Well, I'm a rebel, so Perry's a rebel, and I'm either a rebel or a questioner, and the questioner is the one that resists the outer expectations and meets the inner expectation.

Speaker 1  42:26
And so I just, I just bring that up as another model to throw in to say that I have a very powerful, You're not the boss of me streak and it, and it's gotten me into trouble a lot over the years. And, one way that manifests itself is very lucrative projects I could have chosen to work on I've walked away from because I had a strong sense that this was going to turn into something that was going to control me. Yep, yeah, so that was my riffing in response to the question. Now I don't remember the what exactly the question was

Matthias Miller  43:09
sad, because I felt this, I felt this excitement with it. And I think it's really helpful to it's always helpful to draw down draw new ones. So it's the the if I had to break the project down, it's the threading and the hook. It's the it's the proofreading, which is not for you. But the other thread that's relevant here is the here, not the boss of me,

Unknown Speaker  43:52
autonomy, autonomy,

Matthias Miller  43:58
which there's a way to reframe this potentially, just looking at this from different angles, there's there's two ways that I actually see it looking at This. Number one is

Matthias Miller  44:18
driven, if that's the right word, driven by by a strong inner knowing and, or values and, but then the end of the other way, just for the sake of explore. Exploration can also be,

Matthias Miller  44:55
no, it's not, it's a, it's a, I. When you've been in so healthy working relationship is okay? Well, two forms of working relationships, one is hierarchical, and one is collaborative, hierarchical is what you're resisting that this okay, what it looks like initially is this. So, so I can't get the words, there's client and provider, and there's this communication of, here's where we're at, what can be done. Here's what it can do, back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. And there's transparency this. This is, this is a dotted line. It's not, not meant to impose a a barrier, but there's transparent communication and a willingness to to see and be seen, hear and speak and be heard. There's there's transparency, hierarchy, and so what you just described was there was this strong inner knowing that this situation was going to appear to be like this, because this was actually a manipulative tactic, but the real way that this person project is going to operate is hierarchical, which means you, your feedback stops here, and I don't, I don't really self disclose, besides telling you what it is that you need to be doing, and so you're working in the dark partial information as a means to protect something within the hierarchy. And side note, just what I've gathered about what Perry's shared about your story is this is like, I mean, the story with your dad is very similar to this, this paradigm. There's elements of this paradigm that are very present there. So then the question really is, if you wanted to take the proofreading question, the proofreading question is, you know, you know your brother fairly well. You know knowing nothing about your working relationship and all that you know the likelihood of from your brother's perspective, how this is going to play out. But the question mark is, Dennis. How? How does Dennis going to operate? Is it transparently in this camp? Is it transparently in this camp, or does it appear to be something like in this camp? But it's going to go over here, and if it's if, if it's this, for sure, you're not going to do the project anyway. But the question is, is there a hint of this where that is going to cause you to flip into proofreading mode. That's going to completely drain you from the project. What are your thoughts?

Speaker 1  48:26
Yeah, another version, another way of putting it is, is this going to degenerate into me just taking orders from someone? Right? One, one detail I'll add is, I'll volunteer this word. I don't want my status to get knocked down. And yes, having grown up as a very obedient Bible, believing Christian, that is not a thing you're allowed to say out loud, yeah, but human beings can't. You can't get away from that. It's like there's some jobs I'm just not going to do. And, you know, it could, it can take a person decades to to reach the point where they're able even to say that out loud to themselves. But yeah, no, you're you're absolutely right. Yeah, my my wording was, I just it's going to degenerate into me taking orders from someone or shining someone's shoes. To use a metaphor, like, I'm not here to shine your shoes, yep, but yeah, the

Speaker 1  49:59
you know I look at. That I look at that little collaborative square you got there, and I'm like, Does that really happen with people, and that it doesn't degenerate into one person taking orders from the other? Do those relationships actually work a lot? They must.

Unknown Speaker  50:28
That looks great.

Matthias Miller  50:33
Well, I think this is my this is my opinion. I I think the challenge that most of us face, that I face, is in situations to put on, on the armor, so that bad things never happened to me again. Now we all understand. I feel like the world has sympathy for the armor of the underdog. They don't have empathy, compassion and understanding for the armor of the bully, but the armor of the bully, let's go the story of how people get into business. Um, there's any number of ways. One is there are people who get into business because or into some position of leadership because they were genuinely good.

Speaker 1  51:41
I just that's very quotable. I don't know if you're actually quoting someone who said that, or if this is a specifically a matthiasism, but that's a the what your bit about sympathy for the armor of the underdog versus sympathy for the armor of the bully was really good.

Matthias Miller  52:00
Thanks for highlighting that. No, it's not that's a that's a alchemism. So people get into business. Yes, there's healthy ways to get into business. Like I was just born to sell. I love selling things. I just love because this is just innate. But more likely than that, it's I was I knew what it was like to live into poverty. I resolved to protect myself from ever being poor again, and so I put a shield around me, and I figured out a way not to ever be poor again, or I worked for a boss. He was a complete jerk. I made him a lot of money. He ripped me off, and now the armor is, I'm going to, I'm never going to let anybody else rip me off. So I become the type a player. And a lot of the people in in what I find really prevalent in kind of mainstream business and masterminding types of things is the people who've gotten into business, and they have this massive shield and armor around them, and because of that, their way to protect themselves from or here's another one, I did something. I made a mistake. I resolved I would never, ever make that kind of mistake again, and I was never going to appear stupid. So for me to avoid the risk of looking stupid, I'm going to tell you what to do, and you're not going to question it. And if you question it like, like, that's like a little bullet that comes against me and ping, it's going to go back to you and it's going to take you out, not me. And so the the the the the the frame in which nobody evaluates, or I see nobody, the frame that I suspect Megan in her world, Planet Megan, and people in those types of settings should evaluate, is, is this person walking around with an armor, and if they are walking around with the armor, I probably am not going to be happy with the outcome of working with them. And if they have found a way to deal with the shame of not having enough money, the shame of making mistakes, the fear of not having enough the betrayal of being taken advantage of by a business partner, and they've been able to go through that experience without putting on an armor, then they are going to be the kind of person who can remain in This type of a type of a working relationship. I

Matthias Miller  54:43
And so they've been able to honestly look at these situations and what happened from a more nuanced perspective than I'm never going to be betrayed again, and understand that betrayal and learning who to trust and not to trust. Is that learning you to trust is a learned skill set, or it may be that there were red flags early on that they disregarded, but learning to trust that inner knowing is the lesson to be learned, and as they trust the inner knowing, they don't have to put up the box because they know before they get close, and if they miss it, they can learn from it and get better from it, instead of needing to fix and keep it from ever happening again. What are Your thoughts? I

Unknown Speaker  55:55
um,

Unknown Speaker  56:02
yeah, I think I think your model's right there.

Speaker 1  56:12
I think it's yeah, I it's particularly acute when you find yourself in a hierarchical, hierarchical relationship with someone who has those wounds and is therefore acting as a bully. I'm I'm not a person who's inclined. I don't enjoy being in a bully position or being in an authoritarian position ever. I um,

Speaker 1  56:47
one of the things I do for fun, I think I mentioned this at the round table meeting, is I like to play volleyball on evenings and weekends, and I'm the captain on a bunch of teams. And I do, I never like being in a position where I'm giving orders to anyone. I like having players that know what they're doing and are good team players, and where the competence, the collective competence of the group, can solve our problems and good communication so that I don't have to I don't have to be barking instructions to people. I hate being in that position.

Unknown Speaker  57:29
But for me,

Speaker 1  57:36
yeah, it's it. It's been a it's just a hypersensitivity for me, even in collaborative relationships, that have a need for control and a need for autonomy and a need for not being slighted or humiliated, or need for control that can just sometimes kill a deal or kill an otherwise working collaborative relationship, and, and, but I like what you said about I like the phrasing you used about what was It learning to trust the inner knowing is one of the things you have to cultivate being able to being being able to recognize, for example, after a situation goes bad, being able to sort of do a post mortem on it, and be like, You know what I had? I had half a dozen positive feelings about this, and then a tiny handful of negative feelings about this. And let's say I had six negative premonitions about this, and three of them, three of them were unreasonable and irrelevant. But then there were three of them that were not. And I feel like, I feel like that's, that's a lot, that's a lot of life, if that makes sense,

Matthias Miller  59:26
because we love our axes, reasonable, unreasonable, for lack of a better term, hands out, Flash real, and doesn't pan out not real,

Unknown Speaker  59:50
and so, or maybe imagined, or I don't

Matthias Miller  59:53
know, or, you know, yeah, imagined, all right? And. And I mean, you could probably sorry, this is not what I meant. I meant to say positive. I got it wrong. I meant to say positive versus negative. Okay, so you have so negative, negative premonitions that don't don't pan out or imagine that's fear, unfounded fear. Let's, let's nuance it a little bit unfounded fear, yeah, positive premonitions that like this is to borrow a galper ism, it's opium. Oh, yeah. You know, and then positive, real is, is, for lack of a better term, healthy optimism. And this is, you know, negative that turn out to be. These are, you know, I don't know what else to call them, but they're red flags, yeah, pump the brakes. And what you're describing is this process of maturing, by which emotional maturing, by which you can both through experiencing the emotions and by doing the post mortems, you can start to recognize patterns that this was my inner knowing, this was ego and self self protection, and I can start to identify more clearly now that when I'm in this type of a situation, there's this and there's, you know, there's This positive, let's just say, this positive emotional response. That's the That's ego driven, that's, oh, I now get to be somebody and have recognition in clout. Because, I mean, it could have been this. It's not this in this project, but it could have been, I'm working with Dennis noble like, like this is going to blow open doors everywhere, whatever. Or it could have been negative, which is, like a very natural thing is it's new. It's outside of my comfort zone. It's, it's, it's expanding my boundaries. Brain wants to keep me safe. Freak out, unfounded fear. But there's also in this, there's this excitement about the project that's that's so engaging and and even from the onset, you you saw this, and that was the healthy optimism. And I don't know what you could have seen, but in some of these other situations that you talked about, you went into it thinking that here it is, here it is. This is not a math scorecard. It's not if six minus one, that six minus one is equal five, this is a here's six, here's one. How do I redefine the relationship? Can I and how can I create nuance in the relationship to eliminate the one so that it's only a six, and that's the fundamental issue of compromise with people like that people make emotionally

Speaker 1  1:03:18
and and the larger question is, is just a yes or no? Question of, is there a way to make this work? And sometimes the answer is no.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:27
Sometimes the answer is no,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:32
I like that chart.

Matthias Miller  1:03:35
Did you ever so then there's,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:36
had you ever thought of this before? Yeah? Our world loves a good matrix.

Matthias Miller  1:03:46
Our world loves a good matrix. I told Audra that she has to go through these recordings and look for teaching moments that I can protect other parties identity, but pack some of these like things like these just emerge, which is why I love these calls, but it's very useful. The other other thing that I would the other thing that the other question that I have is pattern recognition, which is, where is here was the situation. Here was the devolution into, I'm just going to call it proofreading, and maybe it's just grunt work, but, but what was the triggering event? What was the motivation, and why did we end up here? And if we look at just one, well, maybe there's not anything interesting, but if we start looking at well, but there's this other time where there was this triggering event, there was this kind of response, this type of motivation, that resulted in me briefly. Getting by the time we get to two, well, that's kind of interesting. Then we get down to three and four, and we do the exact same thing, and all of a sudden we're like, Wait, here is where people I'm just somewhat making up things, but it's a little bit of this. People do this a lot. Leaders do this a lot. It's and we do this a lot. I have I had a particular problem. I had somebody journey with me to get me to this stage. They brought me to. So this is, let's do this as a mountain range. So I had somebody, I came to this mountain range. Somebody helped me climb the mountain. I get to the top of the mountain. There is now a new mountain that's up here. I am terrified of going up the mountain, and I don't know where to turn and rather than looking for the Sherpa who will take me up this mountain. I turn around and I talk to the guy who's with me, saying, I have this big mountain to climb. You helped me climb the Last Mountain? Would you be willing to help me climb this mountain? So this mountain is, is the storytelling, maybe the thread, and there might be something else here and somewhere along the line, this turns into, well, I need a proofreader, and you've done such an exceptional job helping me climb the mountain. Won't you help me climb the mountain? And rather than, rather than them facing leading into the dis, the discomfort, the work, the challenge of, let me go find the proofreader who will help me climb this mountain. Let me go back to the comfort zone of, here's the person who's journeyed with me up until this point, and let me tap on their shoulder to go. Take what are your thoughts? I got

Unknown Speaker  1:07:07
a little lost with that metaphor the

Speaker 1  1:07:22
I A person with whom I collaborated in the past, and we had done a lot of stuff, ends up turning to me for something that, by my estimate, is just lower value, lower status work.

Speaker 1  1:07:42
And we both ended up, well, did we both end up unhappy? Or did I, or was I alone in being unhappy about this, in this, in this telling of the

Matthias Miller  1:07:54
it could be and no, it's the only thing I care about. Let's ditch the mountain metaphor. Let's or table it I want to look at focus on this. The only thing that happened is you were unhappy here. They could have been ecstatic. They could have been furious. I don't care about them. The only thing I care about is there was something they needed, they asked for. It degenerated into lower value which you perceive to be lower value work, which, I guess I would raise the question, was it lower value work, or was it work that deviated so severely from your real work, your true work? I

Speaker 1  1:08:47
or both. I may need to draw another matrix. I'm being half funny when I say that, but only half funny that that so in this in the same circle of friends, is another of Perry's evolution colleagues. Is a is a guy named Michael Levin, who's brilliant and doing incredible cutting edge, cutting edge stuff with cellular

Speaker 1  1:09:24
behavior in small organisms. And three weeks ago, Perry sent me an article he had written for a science publication where he was he he was writing a popular article to express in a an opinion about a scientific idea. And then Perry was going to write a an article, sort of taking. A different view, or a different position, where there were two gentlemen respectfully disagreeing about an interesting topic, and Perry is a much, much, much, much, much better writer than Michael, and Perry asked Perry sent me Michael's article he had gotten permission to have it very much modified and reworked. Perry sent it to me along with his own article, and he says, he says, Would you like to take a crack at either or both of these? Brian, now, I Perry and I have been working. We've been brothers long enough, 53 years and, um, worked in actual work, work long enough that he knows, he knows how to offer me stuff like that in a way that doesn't trigger me, that I view as opportunity, not threat, right? What ended up happening is I ended up doing the vast majority of work on Michael's thing and reworking it. But Michael doesn't know me from Adam, and when the final article got published four or five days ago, maybe 50% of my edits had been used, and the rest had just been ignored. And I'm like, Why did I do this? I thought, I thought this was going to be an opportunity to establish value with Michael, but in reality, it was just in hindsight now it was really shitty positioning,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:49
if that makes sense.

Speaker 1  1:11:52
And there's, there's a, there absolutely would have been a way for me to do that exact work exactly as I did it with Michael, knowing who I am and having a deep respect and appreciation for my editorial contributions that I would not have resented after the fact. Unfortunately, that's not what happened here, and I just resented because, by the way, this is all pro bono, and I didn't say this, but the Dennis noble stuff is all pro bono. So you know, if this had just been a business transaction, then I could be like, well, at least I got paid. There would at least be that. But this, this was a case where I just did free work for someone who doesn't know me from Adam, and felt like he could take my suggested edits or leave them so and it's a it's a really good learning experience. Like, okay, well, this happened. How can we be, you know, to use Brene Brown language. How can we stay vulnerable and hurt, feel the hurt and then move on, healthy and still willing to be vulnerable and take on the next project and maybe make something good come out of this. How do we do that? It's a good question,

Matthias Miller  1:13:17
and if we could even take it one step further, how can you communicate to your your to Perry, or even to Michael about the impact to you? And I know this is like, this is far from the norm in professional relationships, and I don't, I have no clue what this might look like with Michael, and maybe it's past the point of salvaging. But is it possible to say, you know, some form of conversation where Michael I I really have no clue. I don't feel like I'm the best person to articulate this. But Michael, I bent over backwards for you. I have all of this editorial experience. I know what this is going to I knew what each of my edits were with high intention. There is reason behind them. I didn't have the opportunity to explain to you the reason, reason and rationale with them. And in fact, if you would have had a collaborative like, I disagree with this edit. Oh, but here's why. And if there would have, could have been some kind of sparring on that, perhaps a collaborative sparring, where the best idea wins, and only 50% got selected, I don't know. Might have reframed the situation, but I didn't have the opportunity to do this. I'm here to bring my best work going forward, when we're doing these types of things, I would be happy to do this again. But, you know, or is there a and there could be a curiosity element of I want to understand your rationale. I know there was a reason behind you rejecting these edits. It's a learning experience for me. I. Understand how you think and how you approach this. And so it becomes about self disclosure. It becomes about curiosity. And can we turn this from a potentially combative relationship? Can we flip it back into the place of curiosity and collaboration, such that if there is a future engagement in this good I don't know, a

Speaker 1  1:15:24
lot of this is also just an honest conversation with Perry, who's like, you know what? Because Perry can understand and appreciate this. You know what? Perry in, in hindsight, this was really bad positioning for me. Just, you know, because and Perry can go, can thoroughly understand why?

Matthias Miller  1:15:45
Yeah. And going forward, I need this, this type of introduction, and this type of and here's how much you should be paying him, and he's doing it for free, and he's or whatever the I don't even know what, yes, brilliant. Yeah. So have you been planning to have that conversation with Perry?

Speaker 1  1:16:08
Not consciously, actively? I think I had tucked it away in the back of my mind as something like this may come up again in the next month or two or three, and if it does at that point, at that point, I can circle around and be like, okay, so Perry, the last little thing with Michael, it was in in the end, it was only three hours work, but it left a bad taste in my mouth, and here's why. And if I walk you through this, I think you can understand how this really turned into bad positioning for me. So let's work through this. And Perry would be totally open to that. So it's just the next time it comes up,

Matthias Miller  1:16:50
the only invitation I would have, which is up to you to do, see what feel sits right with you, is to be put it on your radar for more proactive conversation before it comes up again. So it's up to you what to do, but I wouldn't, I would encourage you to lean in. And again, if you're in, this goes back to I'm saying that. I mean, you know this, I'm saying this from a place of collaboration. You lean into your inner knowing. The tendency that I see with many, many of the human condition, myself included, is that we lean out from this, from these, instead of, instead of leaning in. And I think there's an invitation to lean in,

Speaker 1  1:17:39
yeah, okay, well, and so I've done that, I've put a note that says, talk to Perry about the Michael positioning, because that's a conversation worth having. And by the way, there's there's onus on me too, just for the fact that I was eager to make a good impression on someone, I on a scientist I very much respect who doesn't know me from Adam, and so I jumped at the opportunity to do something that turned out to me, just me, to me, just doing free work, right? So I can learn from this

Matthias Miller  1:18:16
what, what was the matrix that you were either the matrix that you were talking about. Where do you want to

Speaker 1  1:18:24
go? What was that going to be? I don't remember now. I know you draw the drew the crosshairs on the so

Matthias Miller  1:18:33
I think it's something like, and I don't know exactly what it is. I

Unknown Speaker  1:18:55
so in the top right say, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:18:58
grunt work. Sorry, Grunt got it. So this is the $10 an hour. This is the $1,000 an hour, whatever you want to call it, and this is the real work. And this is the busy work. And so or not your real work. And so in this situation, we had the worst of the worst. It was somewhere I think somewhere. Tell me if I'm right, somewhere down here, hoping that it would lead up to here.

Speaker 1  1:19:33
Yeah, um, I mean to be clear, I I'm, I'm, I'm proud of the proofreading work that I did, I want to be careful about framing the proofreading thing is like something that I hate. It's something that I'm very good at and can feel very proud of. It just needs to be positioned. Respected Well, if that makes sense,

Matthias Miller  1:20:02
yep, it does.

Speaker 1  1:20:07
And as is very often the case with proofreading work, there are lots and lots and lots and lots of very good proofreaders out there who are just doing dollars for hour and not very many dollars at that. It's something that they're otherwise very good at. You know, so makes sense, but part of part, but Right, part of a proof, part of a collaborative job with Michael I would have been happy with, is someone where we're equals talking through how to convey a message with much greater clarity. If I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna drop something on you that there's, there's no way you can solve this, you know, in the next few minutes. It's a confession and just sort of a vulnerable statement of this the situation I'm in right now, and so I am. I am massively, massively underemployed right now and watching my savings drain away to almost nothing, and the clock is ticking, and I have less than a year left until everything I've every all of my life savings are gone, and that's the situation I'm in. And

Speaker 1  1:21:44
I was, I was president of Perry's company for was it almost nine years? Yeah, nine years. And then worked for Perry in addition for an additional a total of 16 years, 17 years, something like that, and left the company because of a whole bunch of well, it was, it was a lot about what we talked about here. Perry and I, compared to a lot of people, had a good working relationship, but I was deeply frustrated with all kinds of stuff and just needed to break free. I've done a few paying projects, a couple this year. One was writing a white paper earlier in the year that paid well, and then a project I'm in the middle of right now might with a guy who's

Unknown Speaker  1:22:48
a former team member at Perry's company. I'm just in a place where I need to find paying work and paying projects, and,

Speaker 1  1:23:10
you know, you're aware. I've I've told you the full story, and by the way, I feel very good about what I've shared here, because I feel like it really covered the biggest needs and desires and insecurities I have here. This has been really good. All that stuff is true. All that stuff is there. I'm just in a place where I I need to get in front of more people and find collaborative opportunities that pay the bills, and that's where I'm at right now, and that's not something you're supposed to solve.

Matthias Miller  1:23:49
I'm just telling we can, we can wrestle with, yeah, explore. I happy to wrestle. Um, I have an honest confession. I've been drinking too much tea and water, okay? And short, a little short break would be good here, if that's good with You, absolutely, well, we'll resume with that. You bet you.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:14
relief is a Good thing. I

Matthias Miller  1:26:40
there, there You go. Okay, good,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:42
there you go, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:26:43
thank you. Thanks for that. So, I mean, I think there's a collection of questions that I have, and you've partially answered this already, which is, you do really well with having people around you who know Brian, the lead Brian and their feeders to you, And they're handing you projects on a silver platter. No, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:27:29
And what, what you just said, sounds like a dream scenario. Were you saying? Were you saying that would would be my dream scenario?

Matthias Miller  1:27:40
Well, I would say this is already what's been happening a little bit so your former colleague, former team member at

Unknown Speaker  1:27:53
energy company,

Matthias Miller  1:27:55
is coming to you saying, here is this opportunity? Can I have your help on it. You say, Yes, jump in. Perry is feeding you an email saying, Hey, Brian, there's this, really this, there's this project I'm working on. Can I have you? And I know these are pro bono, but yes, like, how did the White Paper project happen?

Speaker 1  1:28:17
Perry, I got, I got a round table member that needs help with, needs a white paper written, and would you be interested? Yeah, so, and it paid well, I was happy to do it.

Matthias Miller  1:28:32
And, and if you had to, like, let's, let's go back to, I'm going to tell you a story I was bemoaning. So this is my second year in roundtable last year. Middle of the year in roundtable, I was bemoaning the fact that I don't have a USP, I can't find my USP, and Perry looked at me and he says, Matthias, what if for the next 30 days, you would give yourself permission to never give a USP. And when somebody asks you, what do you do? You just tell them a story. I was like, Great, I'll do that. And I haven't stopped.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:12
Sorry. Was that a happy ending?

Matthias Miller  1:29:13
That is a happy ending. I mean, I'm getting to a USP for the first time, and been through massive reinvention. I mean, it's whatever, but, but what happened as a result of that is, I, for myself, started cultivating the art of storytelling. Here is a window into a conversation with a client. Here's what the client was experiencing in their world. Here's here's how it transformed. Here is, this

Speaker 1  1:29:36
is all very Megan Macedo, by the way, okay, instead, instead of handing people your USP, tell them your story. So yeah, and

Matthias Miller  1:29:45
and it became not just about my story, like the canned version of the story, but I'm giving you little windows and snippets in the story form about my life and who I am and what my value prop is, and all of this stuff, so much so that I've had people look at my. My social media, and they come to me and like they were like, wow, you have such a cohesive message. Well, I am the cohesive message. I'm just talking about the things that matter to me, and I'm cohesive so welcome and Okay, so that's all back context. Case in point. So I've been working with my brother, so left my part of the business to him. In the beginning of the year, he wanted me to hang around for some consulting, and there's some advisory stuff and and copywriting, because that was the thing that they absolutely loved. He hired this agency, six figure year investment for the first year, and had this copywriter come on board, and he wrote an article, and he looked at it and said, that's garbage. And he Matthias, can you write this? And so I did at this point, having, obviously, I've got deep history but, but also taking story. I've had conversations. I am people's unofficial therapist. They will moan to me about things that they don't talk to about other people. I mean, not everybody, but my close friends, will open up to me about all of the headaches and hassles of behind the closed doors in business, and how terrible things are, and I've been in client situations, and I know what it's like, and I can put myself into people's shoes. So I wrote stories and help put them, put a funnel together that was all story driven, and prospects would reach out and say, you guys's marketing is so fantastic, like, we love it. And the agency said they're beside themselves happy. I'm not sure that I actually want to keep doing this work, but they're beside themselves, happy with this fact that I can put together these engaging stories that are real life, capture the problem, integrate it all together. There's threaded emotion, and yes, I know the situation, but part of it is I understand the reality of life and what it's actually like for people in business, and I'm simply sharing this as a data as one data point in in the world of marketing, that if you did nothing else, but I don't know what this could take, many different forms. You've obsessed about story. It could be, it could be your own little you know, tribe Todd, that you're wrestling through storytelling and finding what, finding your voice in storytelling and communicating it. And you talk about it, and you share things, and you and you review and you rip things apart. It's the, you know, Perry's story about, I don't know who it was, was it Carlton or whoever that he hired to rip apart his copy? And, like, you do, you do the red pen stuff, and you're like, this sucks, but you're gonna get good at it. And, and it's this finessing, like, like, wrestle with storytelling, get better, express your language. Show, don't tell all of the stuff. And then let's find the threads and in the tie these pieces together. Let's, there's these five pieces. And if you actually wanted to, this could be a series, and if the series would be this, and it would be be this, and Part Four should be part one, and you have these cliffhangers that lead you the whole way through. And it's a, it's a forgery of sorts for storytelling, or be

Speaker 1  1:33:36
forgery, meaning stuff where stuff is forged.

Matthias Miller  1:33:39
Yeah, it's the Yes, right? It's the, it's the, it's where the the heat and the hammer and the anvil, and it's loud, and it's noisy and it's hot, but, but, but it's, it's organic, fun, pressure testing and building of these things, not the stare down your nose kind of pressure, yeah, or it could be which, which gives you probably the most which, that's a journey to get there, but it gives you leverage in, in, you know, not needing to be bound by just cranking out stuff. And I don't know what you what you really want there, or if it or it could be okay. So that's Option A. Option B is, you know, from early on in the call you're doing this project by Dennis, for Dennis noble, who else could you skip the line? You don't need to have proof of what you're doing for Dennis, but you could assemble enough, there's enough of a enough relational capital, there's enough trust or authority, or you can, you can position yourself well enough where either you could do this for somebody else or. Or is there somebody I'm thinking of this is probably not the right guy, but I think his name is Adam Witt, the guy who's in like publishing and all this stuff. Is there a relationship with Woody? Is there a relationship with a person like that, where you can be positioned in such a way that their clients come to you and you tease out the story on their behalf, and you take the first draft of you're only doing this part. Somebody did an interview. Okay? Somebody did the interview, somebody did the first draft. And then here comes, here you come. And you are. You're the thread, the organizer, the theme, the, I don't know, whatever magic it is that you do, and you come back and you say, this is how this thing needs to be structured, and this is the core message of the book. And if, and, and here's the media hook, and if you cover this point, then people are going to grab onto and it's going to resonate with people. And then it gets handed off. And there's a, you know, organizational editor and and all of this other stuff that, and proofreaders and copywriters, and I don't know the process, but who fix things up and make things line up with the thread that you saw and the message that's underlying it, and put together the packaging of the of the hook that is going to capture the media's attention. And maybe you come in then and say, Oh, and by the way, here are the three press releases that you can use, or here are three press press releases that you can use, or back matter, or whatever, that capture the essence of this that is going to make this thing move, if that's the thing, and by making make it move, it's not just it's not marketing speak. It's this is the part that talks to the universal experience of people that they are going to be gravitated to and drawn to and won't be able to so the ideal world would be, who is the person who would benefit from having somebody like this behind the scenes?

Speaker 1  1:37:14
That's that's the question, and it's a great question, and it's a very positive question, and a very answerable question, because there are definitely people, I absolutely agree, the the, the only, the only tweak I'll make to that is just marry that with your very, very first page on the whiteboard there, where it's where there's a little more, there's little there's a little more of the relation, the relationship between me and the person where I'm digging out their their own actual story. Now you that may have, that may have been implicit in what you're in, what you're describing there, which is great. I just want to make sure we because I love the stuff on the very first page that you had there. It may be, just marry the two. And yeah, I'm, I'm happy with the clam.

Matthias Miller  1:38:15
Can you get a conversation with Woody? Mr. Woody, and is he or who? Who in your world do you have access to? And obviously prairie would have access to people. But could we? Could you make a short list of people who may know somebody that you could would have an open door with that you have, you have a reasonable halo effect. They trust you and respect you, that either they are the person, or they would know the person, or they know the person that would know the person. I

Speaker 1  1:39:05
well, okay, so it starts with a conversation with Perry, and then it sounds like it starts with it also, well, maybe today, it starts with me just making a list. I

Matthias Miller  1:39:23
And I think today it also starts with, I don't know whether it's these diagram variations of these diagrams, whether it's written form, whether it it's a one page rough draft or whatever. Sorry, not trying to put in a container. It's a what is your first draft expression of what this thing is and how it works and what it's not and where it gets plugged into and it isn't. I'm not trying to make it like over complicated or over engineered or like something that's externalized for you.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:04
I explain that

Matthias Miller  1:40:06
a bit something besides, is there a way that you can express what this thing is in your own way, a diagram, an outline, a PowerPoint, a written form. I don't really care what it is, something that's developed enough, even as a rough draft, that you could like it might not be, have even it might not even have to be good enough to give to Perry, who knows you this well, but just good enough that you could sit down with Perry and say, Perry, I want to talk to you, but I want to go over this with you, whether you use it or not. Is there a way that you can take this is all I'm after. I feel like I'm just being confusing. Is there a way that you can take what I have described and find a way to express it in your own terms, yes, in some kind of written, written, outputted, not in your head form, build

Speaker 1  1:41:13
myself. Yeah, an external Brian, an external model of what this is, that that's very Brian that fits me, that I'm happy with.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:21
Thank you. Yes,

Speaker 1  1:41:25
yeah, I wrote this down a few minutes ago. I feel like this is really true. Nobody has a hard time seeing my value when they're in the room with me. I over the years, I've I've just never been happy. Frankly, just never been happy selling myself in print or via video or any of that. But if I'm, I mean best case scenario like the the best case scenarios over the last 20 years, because it was 20 years ago, 20 years and two months ago, that I started working for Perry. And over all those years, the best, best, best positioning scenarios for me have been over dinner at round table with people where nobody has a hard time seeing my value there and and it's exactly the kind of positioning, and it's exactly the way I like to relate.

Matthias Miller  1:42:51
I like just a lot. So one of the one of my projects right now is with business partner, and we're working on the tearing apart the cult of business, which is a lot of fun, but one of them is, you have to sell yourself in print, especially from, you know, direct response marketing. You sell yourself.

Speaker 1  1:43:17
You mean knocking knocking out sacred cows that you believe, but don't need to. I'm with you on that. So,

Matthias Miller  1:43:24
so what have Okay, what am I doing in what is my marketing strategy? Well, yes, I'm trying to find language, and there's some things, but the only thing I'm really trying to do is let me go find even in 15 okay, if I

Speaker 1  1:43:41
can take who I am. This is Matthias Miller talking, not me, right? Sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:43:46
this is, this is Matthias Miller talking for me, and this translates to you for me. The question was, how do i un dilute myself so that you get the 100 proof version of me, right? And okay, so first of all, that puts me way up at the top. And then how do I have I'm starting to call these 15 minute calls, clarity shots. How can you take a clarity shot, the 100 fruit version of me in 15 minutes I can give you. And this doesn't have to be your form. You're just going to be longer. I'm just saying, for the sake of illustration, a 15 minute taste that I've had. Mark Jeffrey in the in the forum, left a just rave review of of our time together, and it was barely seven minutes of of in of me saying anything, and the rest was just him, like being in awe. That's 100 proof shot of me, but you can't put it into print because it's so personalized. And then there's the but testimonials are a window into that. They're a story form, a window into a world, but you have to get into the world. The two hour thing, exactly. The Same, same way, VIP day. What I'm all I'm doing is, here's a little serving size. I've got a little shot glass, and here's a shot glass, and then you have the and this is 15 minutes. And then here's the two hour version, which is, you know, a good long drink. And then here is the here's the VI The one day. And yes, I'm looking at group programs and all this other kinds of stuff. My point being your Perry's mentioned this a time or two in the group, but he's never gone deep on how to do it. Megan probably does more. But what do you do when your your USP and your value is communicated through an experience, not through print? And the way that you do it is change your question slightly and say, Who are the people who could who would either have dinner with me. Or who are the people who would put on a dinner for me to be at? And that is your marketing plan, and take your winding road trip. And the only your anti fragile road trip, and the only condition of your anti fragile road trip is I'm going to go show up, and I have to be in Denver, Colorado, by 6pm or 5pm on Friday, uh, September, the the the sixth. And that's the only rule, because when I'm there, there's this guy that I know, or that Perry knows, he's putting together a group and and we're going to have dinner together. And it's, it's strategic around who's at the table, but it's have your whole marketing strategy could be have dinner with, you know, dinner with Brian.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:58
Yeah, I the, the details are, um,

Unknown Speaker  1:47:14
no, that's

Speaker 1  1:47:20
okay, my short response is yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes to what you're describing. I could see it'd be nice to have a collaborator, someone I know and respect, who one thing I would enjoy is people showing up and not knowing who I am, or people showing up and being surprised that I'm there. That would be a detail that I would really like, because it prevents it. It saves me from another terror of mine, which is the terror of expectations, which is a whole conversation that I don't need to go into, but, but,

Matthias Miller  1:48:11
okay, so go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:13
You're gonna say something.

Matthias Miller  1:48:15
Tim Francis puts on events in Austin. He's like, the Austin event.

Speaker 1  1:48:19
I like mobile, if there is, I like Tim, and Tim likes me, and so very different.

Matthias Miller  1:48:27
And just tell him what you're up to. And here's and I just want to show up, unpresumptions me, and here's the types of people I want in the room. And by the way, Tim, I don't know if you want to do this as a friend. I don't know if you want to do this, I'm happy to, like, you could just straight up be, be like, I'm happy to give you a percentage of any, any work that comes out of these relationships for the first year. You know, whatever that arrangement needs to look like, pay your cash, give him upside and he would just do it for the I mean, he does it anyway. So it's, it's, it's also bolstering him. So Tim and Austin, and then the question is, Bob in Chicago?

Unknown Speaker  1:49:08
Bob igneris, rigneros,

Matthias Miller  1:49:09
yeah, and I don't feel like I know enough people or the right kinds of people, but maybe if you said, hey, I want to be in Colorado Springs, and I want you're not going to find him in Canyon City. I'm sorry, but I'm going to be in Colorado Springs. And who are the people I don't feel like I'm the right person. I'm probably not, you know, but who is the guy in LA, who's the guy in Denver, who's the guy in Nashville, who's the guy in Charlotte,

Matthias Miller  1:49:50
St Louis and Dallas, St Louis and, like all of these areas and and you just brainstorm who are the, I mean, you're looking for these. You. These, yes, looking to define who the people are in the room and then, and, or what needs to be true of the people in the room and and who are the people who, who you're connected to, who are these super connectors, who would love to throw dinner for, you know, half a dozen to a dozen people, or however many people you want.

Speaker 1  1:50:34
So, yeah, so it's me playing around. So Tim Francis was really interesting. I haven't talked to him in five years, but we pick right up and have great conversation. And yeah, and the approach would be, I mean, with it, with a trusted friend, I could just tell them, Look, I know for I know for a fact. I put it, this isn't entirely Brian language, but let me have dinner with someone. I can close them. That's a short version, not quite Brian language, but you get it, yep, just let me have dinner. I can close people all day. So So is there is so, so, Hey, Tim, is there a way to like to do dinner where you know me? You know me well enough I could add value to you it. I could add value to your dinner. No question. I could, and I could get clients from it. There's some arrangement. We could do some dinners. Yes, that's okay,

Matthias Miller  1:51:52
something like that, something like that, yeah, the geeky marketing side of me wants to call it the, it looks like the jab at the, sorry, this is so rabbit trail, the dinner sales strategy. And like, flipping it on the flipping the whole like come by this time, share on its head. And, anyway, sorry, rabbit trail,

Unknown Speaker  1:52:18
that was a thing because the model worked.

Matthias Miller  1:52:21
But this is and this is adapting it because, but it's face to face, it's personable, it's relational. That's the thing that we that failed with that model, that is failing now with that model, it's been overused, and it's now mercenary. Oh, yes, um, um, but

Speaker 1  1:52:46
you know, showing up, showing up to your friends or colleagues dinner and just being there as a value add, nobody minds that,

Matthias Miller  1:53:03
no, just, I'm sure you will just make sure you get the value back out and you and you're clear about what you're looking to get out of it. Do you know Kevin

Speaker 1  1:53:12
Thompson? Is he the the former get mold solutions guy? Yes, I think so. I, I have always known who he was, he's been at a bunch of Perry events. I've never actually personally had an introduction with him. If I'm aware you,

Matthias Miller  1:53:30
I don't know if he'll do anything for you or not. I was in his impacted legacy group for a year, and I was too unclear about what it is I wanted to offer people, but he's, in my opinion, I don't know what it was. It just wasn't a fit. It didn't work out like it was like, there's this fee, and both of us should be earning money off of referrals from this fee, and it's whatever. It just wasn't working. So I don't know if it's a good fit or not. And he's talked about the deal that he helped Perry, and I don't even know who it was the I can't even remember one of the another marketer put together early on, some kind of JV that he helped facilitate. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:54:20
I know that Perry. Perry said about Kevin Thompson that some of his biggest connections in his marketing world have come almost by accident through Kevin, yes, that in a lot of cases, there's no easy way to figure out a way to pay Kevin for it, and Kevin's really good at that. So

Matthias Miller  1:54:42
he's made, unfortunately, he's made a way to pay for it. There's an impact on legacy group, there's an annual fee. There's a percentage of upside on dealers generated, which I might be jump starting that. So you get into his orbit, you. And but he knows all kinds of people. He knows people who know people. And so I don't know what. I don't know if I'm just throwing it out as another potential avenue to explore that yeah, like might be i

Speaker 1  1:55:24
Well, I'm in the I'm sitting in kind of a happy afterglow at this point, because yeah, it feels like,

Unknown Speaker  1:55:39
yeah, just a sense of right direction here.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:50
Yeah, I'm just, I'm just decompressing now,

Matthias Miller  1:55:55
sounds good. Well, I got nothing. I mean, I'm happy to give you the last five minutes. I'm happy to wrap it up. I don't really have anything more,

Speaker 1  1:56:05
yeah, what? And what's what's most helpful to you is at least one. It would literally be this recorded me microphone, just talking about what happened today. Yeah, and I would take some time, and I'd prepare some very deliberate and specific thoughts about that, is there a particular timeframe you like, or just

Matthias Miller  1:56:31
what I'm thinking one to two minutes is probably sorry. I

Speaker 1  1:56:36
meant I'm sorry. Turn around, turn around. Probably one or two minutes. Are you okay with Would you like a one or two minute version?

Matthias Miller  1:56:46
Oh, listen, I am very much a let things evolve as they will. Okay, if it can't be condensed and I mean, do the Brian version please? Okay? I want that. I am not I. I am so sick of getting people in me put into molds and expecting that fitting things into molds will make them magically work.

Speaker 1  1:57:10
I'm just offering that if, in addition to my free form thing, that I would do a prepared I prepare that just because I like to prepare. In addition to the full the full length, free form thing, I'm also happy to do a one or two minute something. If a one something would be helpful to you, that would be that's all I'm saying.

Matthias Miller  1:57:30
It would be helpful if you know, no boxes required, no boxes required, and turnaround time. I mean, I'm, I'm actively building this out. Probably as soon as you offer it'll start using it in various forms of marketing. But, you know, more than two weeks, then I'm probably going to start wondering why. In less than a week, I'm going to be like, Oh, well, he's on top of it. Or more than four weeks, I'll be like, well, he probably is not going to do it anyway. So that's where my head space is at.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:05
I, you know, if the Lord will wills, I shall live and also

Speaker 1  1:58:12
be less than two weeks. That's, that is my intention. I'm good for my word on that good.

Matthias Miller  1:58:18
So from here, Audrey's gonna, Audrey will get you, get you the recording. She'll get you these snapshots, if there's any, any useful way to read them and use them for your reference going forward. And she'll be in touch with you about,

Speaker 1  1:58:32
yeah, because I'd love to see higher res versions of those.

Matthias Miller  1:58:37
Yeah, we'll get those to you. And she'll, she'll be in touch with you about the testimonials and stuff

Speaker 1  1:58:43
like that. Matthias, this has been a pleasure for me.

Matthias Miller  1:58:47
It's been same here. It's the past two hours for me as well. So yeah,

Speaker 1  1:58:51
thank you very fast. So wonderful. I will, I will get to work on everything here. All right. Sounds good. All right. Thank you. Yep, later, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai