Matthias Miller  02:38
Hello, good morning. I don't even know what time it is. It is afternoon, isn't it? It's the only definitive answer I Have is the time is now. I

Unknown Speaker  03:30
Hey, Mark,

Speaker 1  03:31
hey, well, it's very, very generous of you to to want to work with me. I feel I'm someone who can connect and go Zero to 60 with new relationships. But I want to make sure that it's not just excitement. Understand. So I, if you don't mind my asking, like, Why me? And why now,

Matthias Miller  04:02
okay, why you? Why now? Why you is, well, I was I just, I, that's what I felt like. I heard that I should reach out to you. And that's but that's not the only thing. It's also because in the time that we've worked together, you have a very analytical mind that doesn't that isn't hung up on uncertainty, and doesn't fight against creativity and improvisation and the lack of clarity, and you have the ability to refine through the voice of experience and by advocating for the voice of the person that we're selling to and marketing to. So and I feel like most people. Goal. Many I've worked with my share of marketers, and when they want to work with me, they are showing up trying to put me into their mold, in their box. Oh, well, we need to have a funnel. We need to put on this guarantee. We need to, I don't know, fill in the blank. Maybe that's coming from you, but

Speaker 1  05:22
yeah, I think I'm someone who, and I feel sometimes I'm too unstructured. So if you feel like you have the necessary structures, I can be, you know, I can, I can be in the collaborative conversation. The best I do my best work in this unstructured phase. It's really, it's really on, if the business was more established and they just wanted maintenance, like, that's not my, that's not my Colby profile. So I get that. I'm, do you mind my asking? What? What do you mean by analytical? Because I I usually think of other people as being analytical, and that's, that's just a word I hadn't associated with myself.

Matthias Miller  06:21
So maybe analytical isn't the right word. Whatever the behaviors I observed in you is the you you've been paying attention to the nuance. Okay, so whereas I will much more readily draft something, maybe I'll come back to it. You have consistently been coming back to me and I've been putting things out. You've consistently been coming back to me and saying, yeah, like, here's the really golden nugget, or or the here's the new ones. Like, the words are right, but the order is wrong, the rearranging, the maybe it's more critiquing than analytical.

Speaker 1  07:06
I have a I come from a family of editors, so I can stare at a blank page, but we can, we can edit.

Matthias Miller  07:16
All right. Well, okay, so here's another way to frame it.

Unknown Speaker  07:22
I know if

Matthias Miller  07:23
you're familiar with the working genius,

Speaker 1  07:26
you know, I just, I know a guy who is, he's, he does, he's a pinnacle business coach, and he's certified in that, and I had just taken it, but I think it was like, Oh, this reflects my other profiles. But I didn't look at it closely enough I could. I could probably pull mine up right now.

Matthias Miller  07:50
Let's see. So using that language working, I'm very much this, so the parachute on the way down in learning to trust myself in that because, gotcha, I've tried not to be that. Yeah, and, and there is very much a I mean, but it goes beyond this. There's very much what feels to me like this is more than what I've experienced in the past. There is a draw, a call, a compulsion, a I don't know how to describe it on what it is that I'm doing right now, and the behavior that I've seen from you has been the, it's, it's, it has been the improv partner. It's the yes and right, it's the but it's the Yes. Let's do this. But here's the grid to filter it down into something that actually works. I don't know if your Colby or working genius resonates with that or not, but that's, that's what I've observed. And I don't know, let's not put language or boxes to things too prematurely.

Speaker 1  08:58
Yeah. No. Thank you for reflecting that. I think, I think there's sometimes to slow down and name things. But I think from the start, it was just, it's just easy to work with you. Yeah, it's, it's easy to jump on and even if some of my input is half baked, you've been willing to receive it and play with it, maybe add elements cut out. I think, I think it's, I think it's been very productive. Yeah, I, I think part of, part of what makes this easier is you have, you just have a marketing background. I think I'm not, I guess I'm not used to like this fast of a pace. I'm used to a lot of people who are just. I mean, like, what that that could have taken a month for some people to do what you just you're like, and so that's I that's refreshing to me, is there isn't. There isn't, I don't know what it is, A A here's here. Maybe I shared this with you last time when you talked about spoken word, spoken truth. Okay, there is a Greek word, and it was, we just covered it at church. Some, someone brought this up. I think it's parisia. And it's like, it's unrestrained courage, okay, it's, it's what the acts the disciples in Acts they go forth in the spirit and bold and just boldness, yes, and I'm, I just, I think that, like, I remember trying to correct the my understanding, like, wait, wait, don't they talk first, and then you speak in the 15 minute session, and you're like, No, no. I start like, who does that? Okay, so I, I think there's, I can totally feed off that energy,

Unknown Speaker  11:32
yeah,

Speaker 1  11:35
and I think that's, well, something that was surprising is in the text says, and people, people knew that they had that the disciples had been with Jesus because they perceived they were uneducated men, yeah, and I'm like, okay, you know, I think, I think I need that, some of that in my life now I need whatever it is to just have boldness and knock down walls, you know? And so I'm very, I'm very, I think there's a there's a total, there's an enjoyment of being with you, and a desire to be, to have that in my spirit, yeah, and I think one of the Okay, this is another question I had, and this isn't like to go over with now, necessarily, but just, just so you have in mind. When I met Vivian, she said she named two things over me, money, Marcos, I told her I was in debt at the time. And then she said, she's like, Well, every, every successful person has been in debt or and then she said, strategic. And I, I remember you listed in your in your letter, you said you had, you had strategy written all of your profiles. And, you know, and I don't, I don't have any strategic in any of my profiles. So that's, that's kind of a piece. I'm not sure I think I've been strategic with my past clients. I'm not sure what that means, peace means, and there is a bit of a there's kind of an intrigue with me of discovering that by being, by being around you. So that's, I just want to put that out there.

Matthias Miller  13:45
So we summarizing what you're saying. There's benefit to you to be being around me, the money markers thing, we all have to fight the battle first of all. So the big win I can I can help people. I have a long history of people who tried to put me into molds and accepting it, and I've had to fight viciously to get out, yeah, and it's part of the reason for the boldness. I mean, that's not the only thing. It is the the parasia that you were talking about. It's hanging out with Jesus and it's hanging out with people who share that. That's given me that, but it's also just the confidence that this is where I'm supposed to be, but, but if you, if you, if you do not allow that to be identity, but you instead allow the pursuit of seek first the Kingdom to be the driving force, and let that be the thing That topples down, the thing with poverty and doing all the it's all the it's everything. It's inner works, the practical, practicality and studies. It's everything. But the more that you win at the game, if your money Marcos, then, then straight up, that's the battles, battles you're going to fight. So just lean. In it's, it's not, it's, it's a, I would reframe it from a, from a, I'm disqualified, imposter syndrome, syndrome to this is an accreditation course that I'm going through.

Speaker 1  15:13
Okay, yeah, she, I thought it was great. She said, Do you know Sam hiyashida. So he was, he was my roommate through college, and we got his dad built the marketers 24/7 got it. Harry, yep, I don't he's a programmer. I don't think that's active now, but no, Sam became John fancher's Copy mentee gotcha and was he was his best one, and then Sam moved on to do things. But I guess, and he's actually, it's pretty cool, because Sam's current role, he hired John Fancher back to into like,

Matthias Miller  16:08
That's awesome, man. So I

Speaker 1  16:10
so anyways, I was we received a word together. It was kind of me and him were standing with Vivian, and Vivian spoke to us both. And I just, yeah, I think there's, there's something in me. I just like the way you talk, because I'm seeing you do this kingdom thing in business. And I've always wanted to incorporate, like Dallas Willard, spiritual life and disciplines in the kingdom in business. But I haven't been impressed by businesses missions. I've, I've, like, been a part of a I think it was a movement, and it kind of phased out, and I don't know, I don't know what, I don't know what that looks like, but that's, that's part of the reason I think we have a shared terminology, yes, that I want to explain that bit of my background, and it's something I haven't, I haven't figured out, but I'm like, Oh, if he's figuring it out, maybe I could keep an eye on that. So you can be my you can be my guinea pig.

Matthias Miller  17:30
Absolutely. I like it. Um, and and makes sense, um, and the strategy piece. Also keep in mind that your role may be the role co pilot. Just, I mean, it should appear, and it's kind of, it's popping up here, too. And I'm not trying to say this to relegate you to some kind of role. Just keep in mind that you may be the whether it's for a season, whether it's long term, I don't know, but it could be that you are a strategy co pilot, that you are the strategic like you are the where's my coin, but there's a there's a coin, and this side is strategy. You're also strategy, but you're on this side of the of the this side of the coin. So it might not. It might not look exactly what you think it will, but maybe it does. I don't know. Sorry,

Speaker 1  18:27
the coin you said one side was strategy, and the other side is is conventionally

Matthias Miller  18:32
what you would think of as strategy, gotcha. But the other side is the strategy co pilot. So there are people. One of the things that baffles people is partially by living in the trenches, I can have big picture like things. I rearrange things in my head, and I bleed them out and and I actually formulate like this 3d model of what the end game actually is, and then I have to and then explain it to people and and I don't know how much of this is intrinsic, how much of this is learned, but I have, I have worked at this level, but I've also worked down in the weeds, which we're doing now. I'm running Facebook campaigns. I could argue that it's not the right the right thing to do, except it is, and I'm doing it, and, and, but there's a lot of people, people who live you won't find Perry often talking very much tactically. He will teach you how to think, and He'll teach you the big principles and the grids and the frameworks, that's what he teaches you, and you have to fill it out. Yeah, and you have to fill it out. But it's actually pretty rare, from what I've heard, pretty rare for somebody to have these things and be able to translate it. So there's a side to strategy. That is, it's not just there's a side to strategy. There are strategists. Who like to just do the big picture, like paint the but for strategies to be effective, there has to be this filtering down, whether it's through, through people, through passing it down, through layers of management, through whatever it is. But there has to be a translation down into tactical steps of what needs to happen. And interesting

Speaker 1  20:19
marketing helps, because it you can help name the strategy and message it for the organization can become a thing. Yes, my, my Colby Fact Finder is right in the middle, which is, which is kind of a translator,

Matthias Miller  20:41
what? What's your cool B index numbers? Well, let's see. Ah,

Unknown Speaker  21:02
all right, it's

Speaker 1  21:17
okay. Here's 5293 explain, adapt, innovate and envision, Yeah,

Matthias Miller  21:32
mine is 4393, so we're quite

Unknown Speaker  21:36
similar. We're very similar, very similar.

Matthias Miller  21:40
Um, which also explains, probably why these live types of sessions work so well for us, or maybe, maybe an explanation where um, so the bottom line is that, um, okay, so I'm happy for you to tag along for the ride. This is startup mode. I'm going all in on this. I am happy to make sure that you're paid whatever you're worth, or that's a horrible side note. Paying what people are worth is whatever. I'm happy to find a happy pricing for what it is that you're contributing, if this means so much to you as a mentorship, and you're getting just as much more value out that you're getting in, I don't mind. I don't feel guilty leaving money off the table, but I just, I want to make sure on both sides that there's an agreement in happiness that I don't want you to walk away from this and be like, Man, I did all this free stuff, if it was free, or this low cost stuff, it was low cost, and I walked away, and I was happy at the time, but I resent it now, and so that's why I kind of want to Get that, get that conversation on the table to find out what your expectations, financial expectations are,

Speaker 1  23:07
yeah. So just as far as my business, I always have one to two clients. One client is to pay, pay the bills. The second client is just so I can reinvest in programs like it's been, it's, that's, that's been the history

Unknown Speaker  23:30
of it.

Speaker 1  23:32
My last client was, was 5k a month for eight months. I They, they had a couple crises, and then I was told, Well, we'll hire you back. And then they had more crises. And they said, Well, after this trip, so it's like it gives so we were supposed to have calls the last couple of weeks, and so I'm not, I'm not wanting to do the full thing with them anymore, so maybe, maybe, maybe they could, they could Fill one of the two slots for my clients, so you wouldn't have the burden of, you know, paying, paying, paying, all of Marcos is, you know, remuneration. But just put this out on the table. I had looked at two other companies, admired leadership, and I've been talking with a couple people. I They're not like high up in the organization, but they would be my peers who they're working with for the last four. Months, and I've done spec work with them, and they've loved it. They've shared it. They may have conferences, and maybe this is too much information, but it's I just have a I don't really look I pursue, I pursue people over a long span of time. That's how that's how Tim Francis wanted to hire me, and that's how I got to know Josh and I do, for better or worse, like maybe I should have moved on to a different company. That's what my family would advise me. But I'm like this. They have, I don't, I don't believe that they would hire me, but they're just,

Unknown Speaker  25:48
it's just, it is on my mind. And I also reached out to Mandy from hands off CEO.

Speaker 1  26:02
And she said, Josh talked to her anyways. She said, we're in the middle of a book launch. We we had a compensation structure and a growth plan, and she's she just said, let's reconvene in three months, right? So I'm not, I'm actually not. I'm not

Unknown Speaker  26:39
stuck on any opportunity. I just, I just, I kind of think this is perfect with you, because

Speaker 1  26:53
I think we could get pretty far in the startup phase. Yeah, and then I mean, maybe maybe continue, or maybe part ways a few months down the road, but i i for some there's something that I feel like there's, there's some good work that could be done now. I and I, I've, I've, honestly, I've already, I've kind of already received a lot of the value that I wanted out of admired leadership, like they gave me access to their program, and I got you through. I've been binging the content. Yep, so, yeah, I'm, I'm kind of all for it, and I just, I just look for, where's the energy and who can partner with. And I feel, I feel good about what we have today, today with you, I'm not sure. I'm honestly not sure how to structure this. The easiest thing for me is to put you down as just as the way I would with a bottleneck breakthrough client. And if it's an implementation work, it'd be a retainer of 3500 a month. So if you, if you don't feel like the tasks measure up to that, we can have a conversation. Happy to happy to adjust accordingly, happy to scale up if you need I'm honestly here for I'm like, Don't worry about me being disappointed in the future. I think, like, what is it that that Jordan Peterson does with his wife is you don't agree to anything, and then look back and say, Well, I didn't really want that. So I'm, I'm looking this as like you're someone i You're someone I could, I could. I could probably be friends with the rest of my life, and I'm okay with playing, uh, long term games, and there's seasons and this looks like, this looks like a good season. Yeah, and I don't need, I'm not someone who has, like, a three year, five year plan for my life, which maybe that should change, but,

Matthias Miller  29:45
or maybe you just happen to be open enough to experience that you shouldn't have that. Okay? Well,

Speaker 1  29:53
after, after talking to Megan Macedo enough, I'm like, Okay, I don't need that. I. I, I just, I don't, I don't want to have a dust job. That's I want. I want to be people. I want to with, be with, I think my best place is with, with entrepreneurs who help others think about their thinking, who help, who help in the transformation space, and who have their own identity. And to me, it's just like a total bonus that you care about the kingdom, and it's part of the conversation, and I I appreciate that, because I've never felt And I've never felt. How should I put it? I

Speaker 1  31:04
the way you've talked about business and, you know, memos, it's to me that's like, where, that's where freedom starts. If freedom starts with the voice of God, yeah, and it starts with that identity and kind of like the syllabus, purpose train, everything can flow from that. And I think I, I've, I started at the tactical marketing and my last jobs, and a lot of the people that come to us don't need marketing and and so I've kind of been on a journey of, well, what are the missing pieces? And so it's kind of, it's, I think it's, it'll be fun to see what you bring from the identity side, from the gut speaking side, and maybe it comes back to, like, the practical right, the strategic collaboration. But that's not, that's not how you start. And so that's, that's what I'm most interested in discovering, is that kind of Inside Out approach, and I think it will validate my maybe it'll, it'll settle the insecurities I've had about like, not being as structured with people, like, if I can, if you can be open up to listen and, like, bring God's voice into the conversation, once you have the Spirit, then you can, you can have a structure, but if you have a structure, you'll constrain the spirit. Yeah, yeah. There's, I think there's enough, there's, there's absolutely enough for me to want to play the game you want to win at and be, I don't know if it'd be the if I, if I'd be a strategic, strategic co pilot, but whatever, like I, I'd love to co pilot with you, and whatever, whatever you're in, all Right, so

Matthias Miller  33:34
here's, here's my proposal. I I am in this. I did this because I didn't have the plan. I just thought I was it. I didn't just think I knew it. I have a commitment to my peer group, my pod to to collect 16k in cash by the end of the month. And so, so, so, here's what I I guess here's my proposal.

Matthias Miller  34:18
I am transparently, I'm running lean. I know it's gonna run I know it's gonna work itself out. I think you might be part of the reason and part of the answer for this. I can't fetch you a check right now for three, $500 without compromising other things. So if, and I don't know how, soon you know I know nothing about your situation, but the one thing, one thing I would be open to is, let's do a co pilot and and I know these things often go super sideways, but how about we do a 10 day trial of whatever this thing is supposed to look like, which probably is going to look very similar to what it's looked like past. Few days, and I've got calendar and things happening, and I don't know what, but get our heads together, and with what we've put together, what is the fastest way to generate 60k cash off of this new offer, and as soon as we got that, then you're on retainer and or, you know, we've got, we've got whether that gets paid back for half of August, or whether that gets paid forward into September, I don't really know. I think paid back into August probably seems the most equitable. You know, like a I uh, paid paid backwards. It's about 10% of cash generated. Now, I generally hate these things, because these things go sideways so easily, but if you want to do something like a 10 day sprint, 10% on cash collected, and we figure out, put our heads together and figure out the best way to get this offer out in front of as many of the right people, and get them to sign and pay cash so we can hit the benchmark that I'm after in August on game. But what are your

Speaker 1  36:16
thoughts? So tell me. Tell me what's your what's the month your monthly intake,

Matthias Miller  36:26
monthly intake. I'm right around 22k I've got a client covering six. I know I need to retire that. And I I uh,

Speaker 1  36:44
is this? Is the additional 16k is that? Is that like a stretch goal above the 22 No, no, I'm

Matthias Miller  36:53
just looking to replace. I'm looking to replace. Currently, I am all in on what does it take to generate cash flow to replace priority consulting that I had been doing that's not a fit and doing it with this

Speaker 1  37:09
Gotcha? Well, that'll free up a lot of energy, if it sounds like that's just the right move.

Matthias Miller  37:22
Well and and honestly, I think that the 6k client needs to go to speaking of freeing up energy I have never I had a conversation. I had a two hour session with somebody who, by their own admission, I it is open but wildly skeptical about these things. And I thought it was a very profound session. I walked away from that thing, and I'm like, I mean, I don't know, I don't know how else to put it, but there is something really special going on in these sessions that's really that seems to be maybe not quite for everybody, but a lot of people are getting some really profound stuff out of them, And so I think it's a whiz bang offer, it's,

Unknown Speaker  38:25
it's, you know,

Matthias Miller  38:31
it's just the stuff. And I think it freeing up energy. I'm with you 100% there's way more energy with this than anything else that I've done, yeah, than before.

Speaker 1  38:44
So have you? Have you met anyone through mennos and given them a step up offer after or

Matthias Miller  38:59
is this all new? So this is all very new. So I think what would be helpful would be, I

Matthias Miller  39:27
Okay? So, no, that's

Unknown Speaker  39:33
okay. That's okay.

Matthias Miller  39:36
And I also haven't posted this publicly on my on my personal profile page. I haven't personally reached out to people in my network, all of which I'm open to do. I feel this.

Matthias Miller  39:55
Some of them instinctively. I'm going to say, um. I do not have the some of the memos people don't have the financial means to really invest much of anything

Unknown Speaker  40:10
at all,

Matthias Miller  40:16
and I can't really, I did that, ran the numbers. I I don't see how I can. I don't, I can't make the numbers. I have a target for how much I want to work, what income I want to generate off of the time spent working, and I'll probably end up working more, I don't even know, but I can't see a way where I can provide the necessary amount of support that these people need at a $250 a month plan to earn what it is they want to earn based off of what I'm putting into that program. I also don't think it's a wise startup path. Well,

Unknown Speaker  41:04
I

Speaker 1  41:13
Okay, I this came to me, and this could be a strategic partnership with De Silva. So he's all about prosperous soul and financial sozo, okay, he's developed. He's growing a community, and their weekly calls, and he has one off coaching, one off memos and and I wouldn't say, I wouldn't say it's like a money maker, but it's, it's, it's a ministry. And he's, I think I just know he has a network of businessmen, okay? And they know him, right? They know they already know what memos. They would call it financial Sosa. So I think memos isn't just, isn't just sozo, which is healing work. So maybe, maybe there might be an offer where it's like, there's financial sozo, and then there's financial

Matthias Miller  42:38
head office, I mean, but it's, it's,

Unknown Speaker  42:43
it could include a Sozo type, but I think it's, I think memos is, for some reason I feel like breakthrough. But

Matthias Miller  42:58
okay, here's the, let me articulate to you the challenge that I find with most people in the prophetic community. Prophetic community, prophetic memos, sozo community, yeah, I've done it. I've heard from him. He spoke to me wonderful things about who I am and what I'm going to do. And now what do I wait? Do I do this thing? Do I not do this thing? And I think the marvelous thing about what I'm doing, I mean, I'm seeing people like this one guy showed up and he's like, I've had how many memos, and nothing's changed. Now the left brain rationalist says is like, Well, what did you implement in my mind? I'm like, Well, hey, look, there's something, and in the conversation, you know, there's very clearly an inner critic that's loud and needs to be dealt with, which goes beyond the scope of this. But, but for a lot of people, it's like when you understand the union of truth. Most people are looking externally for a memo so that they can protect themselves from needing to lean into what it is that God has already put in their hearts and what it and I say most people, it happens. There's oftentimes the memo. When I'm getting memos, there's some kind of this seed has already been planted inside of them. There's something there, but they haven't had the faith, the safety, the trust, the know how the next steps, the plan, the roadmap, the something to just do the next thing. And what I see continually emerging is, first of all, not explicitly, but implicitly. I'm moving the conversation from out there to in here. What does he put in my heart? What is he speaking Where? Where? What is emerging from? The. That we have, and leaning in, stripping away the things that hold people back. And like, again, a recent call, I don't know how to get clients. I have this much of a runway, but I don't know how to get and like, I don't know how I do it, but to me, it was very obvious. They told me what their strategy for if I meet with people over dinner, I can close them. Well, it's very obvious to me, like, Okay, so let's go find the people who can help orchestrate dinners. You show up to dinner, you close the deal, you contribute value to the person. Like, boom, collaborative strategy. And like, I was talking and, you know, just like that explosion. Like, yes, I can do this another person. I get clients when I fly first class flying to different places. But can you just give yourself permission to buy first class tickets to go places, to recruit clients and have fun and make a day of it and talk to people in the way there and back? No, that's not a funnel. That's not Facebook, it's not social media, no, but it's your unique mechanism for getting clients. So why are you fighting it? And why are you, why are you silencing what he's put in your heart to do because it doesn't fit some kind of molded with somebody else, because, again, we're protecting ourselves. The answers out there. So da Silva, I think great partnership. I think you could short circuit this thing, which is what I go ahead. I

Speaker 1  46:44
thanks, there's got the lawnmower going. No, that's, that's fantastic. It seems like a very practical session. I

Matthias Miller  47:08
so my question is, how much? Okay, this is where, Uh,

Unknown Speaker  47:29
see

Unknown Speaker  48:33
Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  48:42
okay. You could do something like,

Matthias Miller  48:51
let's do a search. And I don't know if I um,

Matthias Miller  49:06
I'm not connected to him. And I don't know if his connection list is open, but with some of these people, I am connected and Andy Mason, he's got his connection list open. There's a lot of business people there. Shaybines is another one that I've that I've thought about, um, it could be very easy to go after some of these spaces and say, ditch the 100 proof thing just hit. Go straight to the heart. Look, here's what I found. People talk about hearing from God, but often, oftentimes, have trouble translating that. What that means, what he's saying

Unknown Speaker  49:44
practically,

Speaker 1  49:53
yeah, I mean, I, by the way, I. I this is something dove Gordon writes, and I think it's a brilliant angle. He calls it the missing 5% Yeah. Okay, and it you could apply that to anything, yep. And I think you could have the a the missing 5% in Sozo sessions, right? Like, Hey, you guys are doing great. Like, you know you're not, you're not undermining their ministry. Yeah, it's just like, what? There's a little bit more, more that you could, you know, get the 100 proof, yeah.

Matthias Miller  50:54
Okay, so let's lay out options. Option one strategic here, I'm going to do this because this is what I Do.

Matthias Miller  51:15
So we have, I

Matthias Miller  51:43
Steven the silver partnership here, we should even be doing it here. Let's do this even better.

Matthias Miller  51:57
Let's do Tim franciscism. I

Unknown Speaker  52:42
thank You. Connections and

Speaker 1  53:12
honestly, you might have a your own friend list and say hey, like this is they know you. They know you. The value you bring. They know other people. And if you just specify, this is for if you have an entrepreneur in your life who dot, dot, dot. Yeah, because it's, it's, it's the easiest thing that they could refer is like, Hey, my friend Matthias is has, uh, fantastic guy. He has a 15 minute call. It's all value add. It's it's not, it's not, like a big ask, like I could, I could see myself sending that, shooting it to to my friends. I sense.

Speaker 1  54:30
Renaissance, maybe following up on your Renaissance post, yep, I

Speaker 1  55:04
If you haven't done this yet, if there, if there's some remaining testimonials, I would use that as an opportunity to individually follow up and then ask, and then say, Hey, if you, if you have any other people in your life, here's a 15 minute.

Unknown Speaker  55:38
What else do you know? I would say

Speaker 1  55:48
it's a little hard for people to fill in a complete blank, right? You almost have to say, do you have, do you know any entrepreneurs like I think you have to name it, the type of person,

Unknown Speaker  56:03
yeah,

Speaker 1  56:07
and you need, well, we could write the email later, but it's like, do you have one or two people that come to mind for,

Matthias Miller  56:22
oh, I mean, the,

Unknown Speaker  56:35
I don't know where,

Matthias Miller  56:41
I mean, there's This, which was the follow up email

Unknown Speaker  56:52
and

Matthias Miller  57:01
mission post, use offer so it came from some other address or some other means, just

Speaker 1  57:10
put down as a no. Unleash that CEO, sorry, what you can put it down as a note? Unleashed, yes, yeah. Yeah, okay, this came to mind. He just May, maybe it was an older conversation, but Perry and the challenge guy let me, let me look up the emails. I'll, I'll find them. Okay. He's the guy who built all the challenge funnels,

Matthias Miller  57:52
Pedro a day, or somebody else, Pedro

Speaker 1  57:53
day. And he has, I don't, he doesn't he have, like, a kingdom,

Unknown Speaker  58:01
a kingdom. I those

Speaker 1  58:03
and honestly, like he knows the value of it for Perry's community, I bet that's, I bet that's a missing piece in his business.

Matthias Miller  58:18
So i

Matthias Miller  58:26
Where's the email you? Oh, Tom, no, you have to find the email. I'm not sure if I see it.

Matthias Miller  58:38
Proverbs challenge back in 2020 and then there's a foreign post in 23

Speaker 1  58:52
Kingdom seekers. Oh, there's a 2024 app. So it looks like he's still running it.

Speaker 2  59:02
Um, I'll,

Unknown Speaker  59:07
I'll post this website in the chat King.

Matthias Miller  59:13
I've been black. Let me get off my VPN. Do uh,

Speaker 1  59:26
that's kind of an interesting move, because it's, it's like, who has a big audience, who also is, you know, has has a kingdom business mindset.

Matthias Miller  59:41
Where do you see the opportunity with Kingdom seekers?

Speaker 1  59:56
Well, I I. To

Speaker 1  1:00:05
I went to Ben Hardy's elevate mastermind at the start of the year, and I was surprised at how many high level like, I don't know the sessions. The breakout sessions were staffed by, like, people I listened to on podcasts, very high level people, and I, and I was wondering, how, how, like, do they pay? Do they pay these people? And, like, No, I actually think it's just a strategic partnership. It's like, it's like, Dan Sullivan and Peter Diamandis. There's no payment exchange, but it's just a hey, you add you value to my community, and I send you people from my community. Like, it's like, a like, I know there's many ways of structuring a partnership, but,

Speaker 1  1:01:07
like, if you you might run a monthly meet for on something like, what would be, what would be a nice added value For for him that would get you in the door to be for people you know, for faces to See you.

Matthias Miller  1:01:33
Well, oh, by the way, there's also, I isn't

Matthias Miller  1:01:51
there? Okay, so, so, but there's, there's multiple options here. One is, I

Matthias Miller  1:02:09
I don't know that my name is the right word, but whatever it's it's leveraging the community In some way that's not sleazy, whatever that means. I

Speaker 1  1:02:46
i Would it. This requires. This requires more work, but the value of it is you don't have to do your marketing, because if someone like, if someone of authority refers, it's like, it's just the easiest, like all Dan Sullivan says is, hey, we have, we have our next you know, Peter, Peter Diamandis meet of a lot, a lot of you attend this year. It's going to be on this you can sign up. Now is the time to sign up. And like, just, just, just having a high authority name,

Speaker 1  1:03:47
I don't know. I think it gives you a place to stand. So that's, that's, you know, I don't know what the partnership would look like, but it's kind of like, if you could be the go to guy that owned that space, if you're successful there, all of a sudden, you become the guy for other communities.

Matthias Miller  1:04:14
Well, okay, so Perry is a place where I've got his endorsement, I've got credibility within the community, right? And if I could, I could become the guy of, if you want to be, if you don't fit the traditional boxes, and you want to be the 100 proof, you want to become 100 proof you need to go talk to Matthias over here.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:47
Yeah, I think I think one Okay, Jordan girding is doing that a little. Bit of that for roundtable. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:05:05
is he doing? Is he doing memos for roundtable?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:07
I believe so.

Matthias Miller  1:05:12
Never seen him around. Side note, maybe, maybe it's all been done virtually this year. So maybe

Speaker 1  1:05:18
I know I this is me talking from a year ago,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:23
okay,

Speaker 1  1:05:26
but, but I think, I think that'd be a great spot. Is, hey, amn, it's coming up. Go

Matthias Miller  1:05:36
ahead. Robert told me, like, I think you might be better than the guy that we had in for memos for Round Table little while back saying that. Who's Robert? Robert mishawn, the one who runs one of the guys who runs Ammon.

Speaker 1  1:05:53
Okay, I guess I'm not familiar with them. So here's, this is, I think, I think that's the easiest path of least resistance is to tell Perry,

Speaker 1  1:06:12
hey, there's a there's a unique space for the memos from The head office. Like, what I what I bring is coming also as a business and and strategic collaborator. I think that's awesome. And you know what?

Unknown Speaker  1:06:41
Like that. I just, I think that's I get excited about that. That feels really good.

Matthias Miller  1:06:55
Well, I'm the blend of Megan slash memos slash Kosh slash. I don't know

Speaker 1  1:07:05
you're, you're, you're at the simplify, and

Matthias Miller  1:07:12
I can't get in there. He has this offer. Do you remember? Do you remember what it's called memos? Plus, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:07:18
that's $1,000 a month. Oh, no, no, it's $1,000 I signed up to it as a renaissance member, and I think it was $500

Matthias Miller  1:07:33
Okay, 500 for internal.

Speaker 1  1:07:39
But I'm I like, here's, here's, What's brilliant about that look. They could just have you just mentioning in it you could be, you might be a backup, a reserve. You know, they might end up putting people's faces up and say, you pick who you want to go with, like or there might be Hey. Well, Matthias has more experience. We might bring him into roundtable or Amn. But I think whatever, whatever path you take, just getting in the door, I think it, yeah, I see, I see only growth there.

Matthias Miller  1:08:40
All right, so I don't disagree. There's a reason why I picked I may have met the rules. I am offering four free two hour sessions. There's a reason why I offered one to Robert and one to Brian, because they are, even though Brian's not active, they have, they carry weight in the community. Ah,

Speaker 1  1:09:02
you're very strategic. Yes, sir. I am Brian. And who's the other guy? Robert Michonne. Oh, okay. Oh, so basically part of or the current or past inner team. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:09:19
correct. And, I mean, I've chatted with Jeremy in the past. He, you know, he didn't take me up on it. He might never even have seen it. You kind of know each other, each other, on some level. At that level, Perry has his own endorsement, which he's offered. It might just be going back to Perry and saying, Perry, look as soon as Robert gets back, as soon as Brian comes, gets back, and say, Robert was was happy. Brian was happy. You, you've known me. I've been in round table. This is my second year in round table. Um, what does it take to could we do an even one email to the list might be, I mean, I don't know what it what it should be, okay, still goes to here. Here's the problem with you strategians. You're you're really good at long term plays that have big growth,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:31
but then they'll the intervening steps.

Matthias Miller  1:10:33
But I am, which I'm not opposed to, and I think we can map out a plan for this. I do think there is, I do think there's a lot of opportunity here.

Matthias Miller  1:10:58
The question I'm looking at is,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:06
well,

Matthias Miller  1:11:08
I could also tell Kevin, Kevin Thompson's another Well, no, the question I'm looking at is, rightly or wrongly, I'm looking at the next 10 days. I've got my own little goal for the next 10 days.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:25
The timing isn't isn't it? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:11:29
so long term strategy. So there you got to start looking at who can I convert the easiest into? Okay, here we run into, sorry, let me just leave it at that. Make sense?

Matthias Miller  1:12:01
Okay, so Perry, even Kevin, right? Even Travis. Well, I don't know Travis, more than anybody else. I feel like could pull a rabbit out of his hat and go make this happen if it's if there's enough money in it for him and I have an open door to get in front

Speaker 2  1:12:19
of him. I but

Matthias Miller  1:12:23
what I'm not sure about is, can I explain it to him well enough that he's able to articulate it and knows what community he's connected to that he could promote it to and what how to how to make it work. But he might same thing with Kevin. Kevin, I don't see it moving as quickly. If Travis can move on it, I could see him moving very quickly on it. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  1:12:58
I know. I know Perry is a long term play, but if you just got your foot in the door at a small in a small way, would that have value going back to Travis Sago and saying, Hey, here's something I started up with Perry. I've done it with his inner circle,

Matthias Miller  1:13:24
absolutely. And

Speaker 1  1:13:26
so even though it's not, you're not demanding, you're not saying, hey, Perry, we need to, we need to start with all your high level people. It's just, it's just a proof point for you to, for Travis to be like, Okay, I might not understand all of this, but I can, I can take, take us take a small leap.

Matthias Miller  1:14:02
Well, and I have very high credibility with Kevin. And so you come with an endorsement from Perry. Kevin's already endorsed me on his personal profile, not specifically for this thing, but as a personal endorsement, you can, you can trust this guy. I'm on Kevin's list. Thing with Kevin is I'm no longer in his inner circle. But once again, I don't, I don't see that being a closed door. And I come back to him and say, hey, look, I went away. I reinvented myself as I promised. Here's the thing,

Speaker 1  1:14:36
yeah, what? That's a natural update. Here's what I'm doing?

Matthias Miller  1:14:42
Yeah, here's the thing I do.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:00
Can you share the spreadsheet with me?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:03
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:05
I can look at it.

Matthias Miller  1:15:15
And if you're pulling up here, there's no reason to share my screen. We can just watch you there. Okay, but the wellspring to Pete Vargas to if there would be some kind of way to get in front of him, I

Unknown Speaker  1:15:30
think, I think you need to what's wellspring.

Matthias Miller  1:15:38
So Wellspring is Pete Varg, okay, so Pete. Do you know who? You know who Pete Vargas is? First of all, yeah, he's

Speaker 1  1:15:44
he's done. He's gotten five assistance from Tim Sure.

Matthias Miller  1:15:51
So he has an a national mastermind that's basically holistic, faith based holistic mastermind. Oh my gosh. Okay, that's like two like, relationship, wealth, business, and one other thing that I don't remember, spirit, faith, and that's the core premise. Now he has a local mastermind. I was in Pete's home, like several weeks ago. He was, he has a local mastermind that he's, he's starting at local masterminds. I'm in that one.

Matthias Miller  1:16:36
I, I also could, I haven't I whether I should or not. I also have a 911, voucher for Perry, and I could also be like, Perry, need to talk to you within the next two days. And here's, here's what I want to do, short term and long term. What are your thoughts? I'm not saying suggesting I should, but I'm mentioning this option anyway. Pete, so I forget the numbers, the numbers in the national group, it's like 150 grand a year or something. I as I recall, something like that, most businesses are doing 10 million or above that. The local businesses are around 3 million on average, after you exclude the one supernova company that's also represented locally,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:39
there is

Matthias Miller  1:17:42
so much stuff here that's just

Unknown Speaker  1:17:48
all of these I don't know about probably shouldn't even consider this, but I

Matthias Miller  1:18:01
think I'm still on Pedro's Voxer from program I did a while back.

Speaker 1  1:18:17
So maybe, maybe a productive next step is to think of the offer?

Matthias Miller  1:18:23
What is the offer

Unknown Speaker  1:18:26
and the price? So that you hit 16k

Unknown Speaker  1:18:32
so

Matthias Miller  1:18:35
well, the two hour container has been working exceptionally well.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:42
I not familiar. Sorry

Matthias Miller  1:18:44
that the two hour. Okay, what the way I've been packaging this? Okay, there's two ways I could package this, one on one and group. I am working on a business partner, on a group program. That is going to be pretty ridiculously amazing. I

Speaker 1  1:19:05
think you're working on a partnership with a group

Matthias Miller  1:19:09
Yes, with a business partner on building out a group program, okay, which I think is going to be pretty spectacular. But I guess what I'm wondering is, I

Matthias Miller  1:19:27
should this offer just be? Why not? Should this offer just be one on one? Not scalable? Quote, quote scalable. But that's not what we're building for. We're there's other ways to scale besides just volume. Will not scale. There's other ways to grow besides volume, if you want to get really technical.

Matthias Miller  1:19:55
So the offers have been i. Do the 15 minute, do the two hour? Do the one day. That's that's been the containers. I've not yet done a one day. I've got people in the wing for that. Can

Unknown Speaker  1:20:15
you go to the second shape?

Unknown Speaker  1:20:22
Okay? And

Unknown Speaker  1:20:28
then, what's the pricing on this? I've

Matthias Miller  1:20:31
given away the 15 minute. What, what I was, I feel like I suck at pricing. I, I mean, it's so depends on what level you're working with. My My thought was 2k and 5k but I also know that there are folks in Pete's national level who probably wouldn't want to talk to me if I wouldn't be charging 15 to 25

Speaker 1  1:21:00
Well, yeah, that's, that's okay, that's, that's uh, but, but have you? Have you charged this in the past? Not yet. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:21:18
one day, and what does the one day

Matthias Miller  1:21:24
like, what? What

Unknown Speaker  1:21:25
are the details? What do they get out of this?

Matthias Miller  1:21:31
I haven't nailed it. Now, nailed it. Haven't nailed it.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:39
Okay, so you just need,

Matthias Miller  1:21:56
I need a one day in six two hours,

Speaker 1  1:21:59
right? That's great. That's the Martini.

Matthias Miller  1:22:04
That's the Martini.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:06
So I wonder, I wonder, how you map that out, six, and then what's the multiplier? Is it? What's the You

Matthias Miller  1:22:18
mean the 82 Oh, what's the Yeah, I don't know. Okay. I mean, you can play around with this a little bit if you want to do it like this, which is, I

Matthias Miller  1:22:47
I mean, that's not far off. That's way too super.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:59
And I wonder, how many people do you have to reach out to For like a, I don't know, 2% conversion.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:20
Well,

Matthias Miller  1:23:26
let's go to Perry's new renaissance forum that was whiteboard sessions 88 use I know this is hyper targeted, people only looking based on the subject line that 88 views, it's easily a 10 to 20% conversion rate. How did you people who reached out?

Speaker 1  1:23:51
How did you How do you know the view rate, the view do you have an email? Well, never

Matthias Miller  1:23:57
mind. That's for people who are actually in the forum, not people who get it by email. So that's you. Skewed,

Matthias Miller  1:24:09
but Well, it's definitely a popular post. Three. Um, 125,

Matthias Miller  1:24:36
21 anyway, definitely a popular post, but that's not a fair conversion rate.

Speaker 1  1:24:45
I mean, but it's not a fair conversion rate. What are you comparing it to?

Matthias Miller  1:24:52
Well, I don't know how many people got it by email. I'm assuming the views is. Only the people who pulled it up in Google Groups, versus people who have this delivered to them in their email.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:06
Oh, gotcha,

Matthias Miller  1:25:08
so I don't know.

Speaker 1  1:25:10
Well, this is brute forcing it. But is there a way to scrape the email, like figure out all the new renaissance?

Unknown Speaker  1:25:28
Yes, okay,

Speaker 1  1:25:31
and maybe you have a more effective way of doing this. But I was thinking of, uh, uh, you know those you could either do an individual email. You could do, you know that, what's the what's the video

Unknown Speaker  1:26:00
problem? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:26:04
thank you. You remember that? Bomb, what's it called? Video?

Matthias Miller  1:26:07
Bomb? Bomb,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:08
yeah, maybe

Matthias Miller  1:26:15
this isn't what you're thinking. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:26:16
I and then you include, hey, this is what. This is what Brian, you know, just got out of this. And like you include, you include his bit.

Matthias Miller  1:26:33
Well, it's easier than this. It's a reply all, thank you for all of you. You who participated, and I just wanted to share what people had to say. Here's what Harry said, Here's what Robert said, Here's what great

Unknown Speaker  1:26:48
and honestly. But yeah, you need to have your pricing page up.

Speaker 1  1:27:05
I, I like that more than the individual outreach, because you don't want to cannibalize what could, what could potentially be Perry promoting you down the road? Yes, I

Speaker 1  1:27:27
Okay, so why don't? Why don't you have a new column of what you're 100% going to do for options, and maybe we'll do reply, new renaissance with with you know, endorsement from Brian, from Derek,

Matthias Miller  1:28:18
Mark Jeffrey was also just

Speaker 1  1:28:21
honestly, that was on its own, was fabulous, yeah, like, I don't, I don't know. I couldn't. I would trip over myself. I wouldn't be able to give that perfect the testimonial like that. That was kind of just the spoken truth, like it was just direct awesome. I just, I love that,

Speaker 1  1:28:54
honestly, honestly. I think that that deserves to go on the main page, not after people book a call with you

Matthias Miller  1:29:05
that's that's fair.

Matthias Miller  1:29:15
There is a whole other opportunity, which is, where is this? Do not have my Facebook ad.

Matthias Miller  1:29:41
Here is one other thing that I've thought about and wrestled with, so I'm going to throw it out, but I just can't see myself doing it. But Taylor Welch is another guy that I was a former client, Kid slash elite member back when that was. Running we message back and forth briefly. He's talked more recently about listening to the Holy Spirit and in absolute full candor, I am not completely comfortable with the guy, so I'm not sure if we're values aligned or not. He has a habit of talking down to people, and I've heard secondhand or have heard secondhand stories from some of his team members. I know these stories are multi sided, so I don't even know why I'm saying that, but it was kind of this idea that,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:40
yeah, anyway,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:44
I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:30:58
What does he do? He's got a community membership.

Matthias Miller  1:31:04
He runs this, yeah, some kind of membership.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:07
He has a sweater. God is good. He's

Matthias Miller  1:31:12
becoming increasingly vocal about his faith. Also has at least a little while back become more vocal about the thing of hearing, hearing. God,

Speaker 1  1:31:27
I'm I don't know why I feel like that's okay, like I almost want to say, if he's open,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:42
that means he's learning. And that means you could, you could steer him right,

Matthias Miller  1:31:55
if he's open to Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:59
is he learning?

Unknown Speaker  1:32:06
Maybe

Matthias Miller  1:32:10
I that is that is a fair that is a very fair question. I

Unknown Speaker  1:32:26
I'm, I think, I think he's someone that you have, there's there's people, there's people you don't have to get ready.

Speaker 1  1:32:43
Like, to be like, you'd have to, you'd have to do work to kind of restart the relationship. Or, I should say, like, there's no, there's no getting there's no getting ready with Perry. There's no getting ready. So I would talk. I would figure out who are the people where you could just if they said yes and they promoted You, you could sprint with i

Unknown Speaker  1:33:38
i think the I

Unknown Speaker  1:33:50
I think that the the and maybe this is, this is just Marcos thinking, but the I would almost want to come in at half the price. Well, how much do you charge? Like, Have you have you had, like, full day consulting? You know that you charge that much before.

Matthias Miller  1:34:17
I've never charged more than about 325, an hour to be completely candid.

Speaker 1  1:34:25
Um, yeah, I I mean, you could put 2000 down, but for some reason, I feel like, like Perry's done the research, and he's charging 1000 and then it's $500 for members. So

Unknown Speaker  1:34:52
wait at

Matthias Miller  1:34:58
well. I. I guess this is the question, Where does the ascension model

Unknown Speaker  1:35:09
start to come into play? Do

Speaker 1  1:35:24
Are you? I remember you said you wanted to form a community. I think that's that's the ascension model

Unknown Speaker  1:35:32
Correct.

Speaker 1  1:35:38
A community is a much longer play, and I would that's almost where you sign up for, like, one of doves, profitable relationships like he has. I think he has, I think he has a lot of the community down. Of course. I

Matthias Miller  1:36:03
Well, that's where you JB and do, about do, do ways to fill the community, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:36:21
I,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:30
so So, just to be clear, you're you're wanting 16k by the end of the month. And is that, would that bring you up to your 22k intake monthly? Yes. Okay, so that's kind of your

Matthias Miller  1:36:57
I have a little bit, well, I have, I have, I mean, like this month, I've got some other consulting I still have, if UK a month in consulting that's anywhere from one to three that's coming in. And I guess perhaps one. Yeah, this is the way I need to think about it. I think,

Matthias Miller  1:37:30
I think, and I've quoted some people at the 2k price now for 50% off. And one guy, I just felt like, hey, you need to do in these LA, I need to charge, I'm out of my free spaces, but I shouldn't charge you more than $500 and so didn't, and he took me up on it, so I have sold one a two hour at 500 and I think what needs to happen is, I think you might be right. What

Matthias Miller  1:38:15
was some kind of email to go back to with folks saying, hey, look,

Speaker 2  1:38:22
uh, I

Matthias Miller  1:38:27
there has to be some kind of, I think, I think there has to be some kind of transparent conversation, like, this is what I was thinking of out of The gate, and this is what I had communicated. And I've had some conversations with this, and what is it that I really feel good about and and just share straight up, like in this, here's a number I came to happy to do this. Don't plan to have any desperate price hikes, but I'm also not locking this in forever or, I mean, I don't know. Maybe that doesn't even need to be mentioned. Drafting something, okay, go back to the guy I closed for $500 just be like, hey, look, I want to be transparent at the time yours is the only offer. I'm going to start offering this to other people for this, but I just want to be transparent with you that that's what I'm doing. Go back to the other people where I offer the higher price and just say, hey, look guys, this is where I was, and here's what I'm doing, and I've had some chance to finesse this, and this is just where I'm at for now could change just where I'm at and and then the place I had quoted for the full day was simply a, was a 50, was 1500 and that, once again, going back to the guy who's who's on the fence at 1500 saying, hey, look, I've been weighing this out. I think this might actually be the full price. I'm willing to 2500

Unknown Speaker  1:40:08
how's it? Yeah, 2500 if you lock it in now, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:40:13
well, he's getting it at 1500 so nothing needs to be said to him, okay, but the two, the difference is you're paying, so a one day I've been selling is six hours. So really two times three, if you're looking at this, is 1500 not 20. Like, I

Unknown Speaker  1:40:38
don't know this is making sense. I

Matthias Miller  1:40:53
now, if I say a one day means literally,

Matthias Miller  1:41:02
so let's say we sell at 1616. Divided by 1500 No, 16 divided by 1.5 is 11. So that is

Unknown Speaker  1:41:19
12345, 234-567-8910,

Matthias Miller  1:41:24
11. That's much of my working capacity in September occupied now, it's fun work, but it's very quickly, because I've got this client day, and I'm going to need space for other things as well, and I'll have some before and after, but it's not leaving much space. That's my concern.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:50
Well, what if you had

Speaker 1  1:42:01
What if one, what if one day was 2000 I think one day 2000 or 2500 and like, what would, what would be a 25% savings on that? Okay? And that's divided by three,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:21
okay. I

Matthias Miller  1:42:27
we're at 2000 it takes a debt and 2000 takes it down to 500 we do 2000 minus 25% is 1500 which takes you down to $500 an hour.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:43
I like that. I think so you sorry

Matthias Miller  1:42:48
you price it at so this is 1000 less 50% this is 2000 less 25%

Unknown Speaker  1:42:59
1000 less 50%

Matthias Miller  1:43:01
I mean, it's so is this 1000 1000 MSRP.

Matthias Miller  1:43:15
Explain to me how these, how you plan to use these numbers. Let's do

Speaker 1  1:43:21
that I was almost trying to do it where they get, if they sign up for the day, it's like, they get a two hour session free. So it's like, it's like, what would be i Uh,

Matthias Miller  1:43:44
okay, so that would mean eight hour day, then consulting day, right? And

Unknown Speaker  1:43:50
what we want to bring it down to six.

Matthias Miller  1:43:53
So a six hour consulting, because, I mean eight hours that's brutal.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:57
No, no, you're not. That's not good for you.

Matthias Miller  1:44:01
So a six hour day, which I'm fine with, but to give them a free two hours, it'd be $1,000 and economics, whereas it would be different if this would be 1000 and we sell this for two, but the economics on this one, I don't think, I think the people who need the two hour, I mean, maybe we could charge 1000 but there's a lot of people that need the two hour. Maybe these are the people I should be working with, but there's a lot of people who really need the two hour. That might pay two 500 but that wouldn't pay 1000 I think,

Speaker 1  1:44:43
Okay. Well, this is, this was my initial thought before we got to any Okay. Was, what if you what if you list a high What if you put your one day is 2500 and then you.

Speaker 1  1:45:04
Your your two hour as 1000 okay? So so that, if they did the one day, they're saving $500

Speaker 1  1:45:21
right? Yeah, and then,

Speaker 1  1:45:30
oh, oh, sorry, I didn't, I didn't think about the discount.

Speaker 1  1:45:40
I mean, that's very generous. I was I was gonna say, I was gonna say, and you have a third you have a third option for

Unknown Speaker  1:46:01
it. Let's say you, let's say you have, you have a

Speaker 1  1:46:13
I wasn't, I wasn't thinking of Perry's discount yet, but I like that, but, but I, I was thinking of either, either you have a pay what you want, if your special need, and I think that changes the spirit of this a little bit, right, or you could, you could say the pay, The pay what you want, could be like a one hour session, or like a 30 minute session, Right? So we could protect your time a bit. I

Matthias Miller  1:47:04
or we could just, we could turn the 15 minutes, okay, which, well, I don't know if that's completely fair, either, if I keep continuing to offer it free, then

Speaker 1  1:47:12
now I think free. I we want to, you want to align in the sand where you always, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:47:27
so I mean, but we wouldn't have to do a percentage discount. It could just be a $500 off,

Unknown Speaker  1:47:35
right? Yeah, I like that much more. 500 is way stronger than 50% Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:47:46
And then here, this is 1000 1000 so this would be, this would be, technically, you would expect this to be a 250 MSRP, pay what you want, or pay what you can. Or would you just leave it? Let people figure out for themselves.

Speaker 1  1:48:13
Just leave your I think, just leave your PayPal. And maybe, maybe you say you're keeping it to you could say, suggested, suggested, you know, 200 suggested, or you could just leave your PayPal and say, this is limited to five seats. I

Unknown Speaker  1:48:53
think it's fair

Unknown Speaker  1:48:55
that That, to me, is very generous, right? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:48:59
I mean, my cart has it, pay what you want. Oh, okay, pay what you can because you can't. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:49:13
I really like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:15
So then,

Matthias Miller  1:49:18
so then this is, I mean, can

Unknown Speaker  1:49:26
all right,

Speaker 1  1:49:33
why are you? Why is it 1500 isn't it 2000 2500 I like that, because they can see the value. It's almost like a double discount. One is and you should name. Maybe there's a way of naming that for them. They're getting a discount of of the Perry discount. But on top of that, you. It's they're saving additional $500 if they go for the one day.

Matthias Miller  1:50:12
I think the other thing that can give a stamp of approval to this is, I know he's going to green light it, but running this past Scott again,

Unknown Speaker  1:50:24
and

Matthias Miller  1:50:27
just being like, are we still in the spirit of the forum and the spirit of generosity here, and unabashedly calling it out again, being like, hey, look, I want to do thank you guys, you know. And here's like, here's what's happened. And I just, you know, I don't know. However this gets framed,

Unknown Speaker  1:50:46
is Scott running the forum? He's

Matthias Miller  1:50:48
the he's the moderator. He's the beneficial, oh, cool, not official beneficial moderator of the forum. I

Unknown Speaker  1:51:06
Yeah, when, when are your next calls, like, Do you have any for what's his name? He did, Brian. And then the other guy was his name, Richard, Robert,

Matthias Miller  1:51:19
Robert. I did on Friday, Brian, next week tomorrow, I have a paid one or tomorrow I've got 215 minutes. One's off of cold traffic wins off of there's another planet Perry member Tomorrow's a guy that really needs to upsell into VIP day or one day.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:42
Okay? Now, now check out the offer page again, pricing, I think, I think you could have a you can't you could have a hey, like, I'm not just the memos guy. I'm also the strategic collaborator,

Speaker 1  1:52:17
right? You're the spiritual and practical. Uh, all, let's, let's take this, this spoken truth, and ground it practically for you, and have a have, have a monthly offer where it's

Matthias Miller  1:52:49
which is, oh, have a subscription. Build a subscription in right from the get go,

Speaker 1  1:52:54
so that after you finish, if they're allowed, you sign them up. It's, it's like, hey, well, this, this is a natural extension,

Matthias Miller  1:53:10
which is what, but I agree with you. And then, boom, Wellspring, easy, guys, here's what I'm doing. I want to just as a thank you to Pete and everything he's doing here, and Andrew, the sales guy, and all you guys, like, here's a discount code, and you guys can learn about what I'm doing. But I just want to offer this out to you guys for you know, and it's an immediate open door, like I Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:53:43
So I think the magic is, once they've had the one off, it's like, Hey, I mean, you told me I'm a co pilot. Like, this is i, this is what I did for a past coaching client. I came up the name with the name. I forget what it was. It was like, ace. Was it business? Ace? He was, he was a pilot, right? Yeah. And so we, we made him the co pilot for, like, whatever fighter jet, like his Yes, yes, right? So it's Hey, like, you've got your wings, you're gonna fly. I'll co pilot with you. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:54:50
you know,

Matthias Miller  1:54:52
one of my friends was like, if you had a USB that looked like this? I. What's in the blank? And I tried all kinds of things. Systems? Guy, yeah. ERP guy, yeah. What if I would be the 100 proof? Guy,

Matthias Miller  1:55:18
I don't know if I really believe

Unknown Speaker  1:55:19
in it, but you'd have to

Matthias Miller  1:55:23
define what that

Speaker 1  1:55:25
you'd have to ask around and figure out, do people have a curiosity enough to like read the next line? Great. Good point. But I'm that could, like no one else owns that, that could be you. Yeah, so, so can we put pricing around the monthly

Matthias Miller  1:55:55
Well, let's, can we? Can we take a five minute, buy A break and come back? All Right? You?

Matthias Miller  2:02:37
All right, I'm just noticing as I take A break. Can you tell me, I have stamina? You have stamina?

Unknown Speaker  2:02:46
Oh, really?

Matthias Miller  2:02:47
I mean, like, I'm here. I'm like, Wow, I'm feeling kind of tired from like, this has been intense, but it's been good.

Speaker 1  2:02:56
Well, well, you've, I mean, this is my main thing today. I have, I have one more call, and then some errands, but so I'm fresh.

Matthias Miller  2:03:13
Good. What time do you have to wrap?

Unknown Speaker  2:03:17
Man, I I have total three.

Matthias Miller  2:03:26
Okay, so I like the idea. Here's the thing I've struggled with putting together. I like the idea. Well, okay, what is it that gets offered in the monthly program? What I like, here's my vision for it is something like, I don't know how else to do this. Group programs get wonky once you get too many people in a group call.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:55
So

Matthias Miller  2:03:57
I've been having fun with the number 12, because Jesus, oh, Jesus had his 12. No, I don't know what that says about the last guy to sign up, or the number 12. But anyway, end of joke. But if you have a so here, what we're saying is that the minimum, I'm willing, the minimum hourly rate when I'm targeting $500 an hour in my consulting or in the case of, what is this? 2500 divided by six, or, you know, 416, for the one day. But you know, I don't know what this is. Is it a monthly Office Hours call, where we we spend an hour together, and Max 12 people go around like where we at? And what's, um. Um, and look for threads and themes and address that, and then try to tie it loose ends and try to get it all done in an hour. Or do we do 90 minute, two hour sessions, like, if it gets or do we do smaller pods? I I don't know

Speaker 1  2:05:24
before you do that, you want to, you want to identify what, the what comes before the how.

Matthias Miller  2:05:33
So I think the what that people need, typically, is okay. But what about implementation? Especially Okay, on the 15 minute, there's not much more to, like, Dick, like, yeah. Like, I've had one time where you maybe kind of dove into, like, hey, quick blueprint. Like, boom, boom, boom, boom. Here's the stuff that you should take a look at instead of this thing over there. But there's not a lot of that that you can get into on the two hour. Yeah, most of these guys have a specific roadmap. Like, there's a thing to chase, there are things to go after, and it's and the way I would see it is, how can I support you in the implementation of this? And tweet course correct guidance, unstuck. Get you unstuck. All of that. That's the thing that

Speaker 1  2:06:19
I mean, that's what how I break down. That's how Josh breaks down, coaching, consulting, right? It's one's implementation. One's just

Matthias Miller  2:06:38
advice, advisory, advisory, yeah, the other, the other major thing is, and

Speaker 1  2:06:45
you want, you want, those two are separate. They're separate rooms. You've you have to, you want, you have to.

Unknown Speaker  2:07:01
It has to be clear in their mind, right? Like whatever offer they're signing up to, it has to be a separate thing.

Matthias Miller  2:07:14
I don't think I want people okay, I don't know that I want people in the community without going through the two hour. No, of course not. Okay, so it's the only way to get in. And then, so then the question, go ahead. Um,

Speaker 1  2:07:34
I don't know enough about doves model. I think he's I think he has it down, but what he does have is a running telegram Group, and it's super light main minute. It's like, I

Speaker 1  2:08:04
I would say he gets there's like a couple, a couple conversations that happen every month, and he'll, he'll respond, but that sent, that's it must. It might take him a total of 30 men, 30 minutes a month,

Matthias Miller  2:08:21
if that I love written communication. I love the forum because I pop in. I love the forum because the weights not on me.

Speaker 1  2:08:29
Yeah, well, that's, I can pop in. It's just there. It's there. And it's a, it's a passive,

Matthias Miller  2:08:37
yes, it's, you

Speaker 1  2:08:39
have a kind of a passive container. And here's what's good about it is people come as an issue bubbles up.

Matthias Miller  2:08:47
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  2:08:48
so you don't, you're not. We kill group calls

Matthias Miller  2:08:51
completely. By the way, I did Josh's memos thing, his his memos, and I sold like three off the bat. So one guy sent me questions for a few months, chatted back and forth, 1520 minutes a month, Max. Another guy was my brother. Shot me one text message from a conversation we had earlier. I was like, how do you how do I sell Realtors on, on being JV, JVs. For me. I was like, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, done. Third guy, he popped in. He said, Hi, he commented about my Facebook post and said that I forgot to mention the other two pillars. And like, it's all been friendship. And I mean that last one is, like, it's 100 bucks for access to me. Like, that's it, and I 100 Yes, I'm paying Josh 100 as well, which is ridiculously awesome.

Speaker 1  2:09:43
Yeah, I, I, so when Josh was doing this, I told him, Hey, this is you need this for you need an offer. So. Because he, he has people reach out to him. And I was like, this is the perfect offer for all of the touchpoint people, the the people who would reach out to you.

Matthias Miller  2:10:10
Yeah, right.

Speaker 1  2:10:14
And, you know, steal, steal two minutes time pick your brain, right? So,

Matthias Miller  2:10:24
by the way, Tim's a huge fan of this one, and I've wondered about having getting it completely out of these places. And, Oh, awesome. Thank you. Appreciate it. You too, and having it completely out of text message lane, and actually have it be in a place where I can

Speaker 1  2:10:54
is this like an online texting

Matthias Miller  2:10:57
Yes, Online Plus app form which Tim uses with his team.

Unknown Speaker  2:11:07
What was the Tim office hours?

Matthias Miller  2:11:11
Tim office hours is a zoom quality hops on, and if you're there, you show up in line, and he answers your question, and it's blocked out for 90 minutes. And whenever nobody's in line, he disappears.

Unknown Speaker  2:11:24
And it's monthly. You said

Matthias Miller  2:11:27
weekly, pretty sure.

Unknown Speaker  2:11:29
How do I not know about this? I'm I'm very much, have you? I don't know. I

Matthias Miller  2:11:36
got it on my calendar. It's happening right now based on, if he hasn't changed it, but, and it's for all great assistants, uh, all great assistant buyers. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  2:11:49
it's on anything.

Matthias Miller  2:11:53
Yeah. I talked to him about, Hey, Tim, yeah, literally anything. Tim, how do you run events? And I jam with you on that. Okay,

Speaker 1  2:12:00
I was part of his builders club, okay? And it was like it was, I was paying for for a time slot, but it was, it was run the same way,

Matthias Miller  2:12:18
which is another pretty low maintenance. What I don't like, I'm fine with once a month. I love the idea of being able to drop off whenever we're done. But I love even more which which,

Unknown Speaker  2:12:30
you're a words guy. That's, yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:12:33
I am a words guy and I'm a, I don't know why. The idea of, I've never succeeded in group programs. It's always felt, I always felt intense pressure, and I'm too administrative, because I saw the six people in front of me and the 10 people behind me, and I had to spit out the question, and they needed me to spit out the questions that we could get through everybody in 90 minutes. And I never could get enough context, and it was never the right timing. Side note, Perry's roundtable office hours, I love because it's, it's chatting, it's, what are we working on, expansive thought with philosophical like, I don't know. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  2:13:19
I I think that's the way of going about it, not not it doesn't need to be a constant Hot Seat.

Matthias Miller  2:13:31
What if we what if we make it a fireside chat? Yeah.

Speaker 1  2:13:38
I mean, you know this, entrepreneurs are lonely.

Matthias Miller  2:13:47
Is it a month? It's a monthly, a monthly, one hour, five hours in a I guess the correct question is, I like the idea of having this be more formal and having some form of control over this, even if it's another app that people have to install. But am I crazy for making crazy for making people install another kind of app to get access to me versus telegram or signal, or signal isn't the right thing, but I don't know. I

Speaker 1  2:14:13
don't I don't think you need any of this. Just just use Telegram for now, and once like tech is more like that's all for scaling up. That's not, you don't need to think about scaling yet. I mean, I should say that's like a process improvement, right right now it's just getting started.

Matthias Miller  2:14:46
So then, how do you price this? Josh is at 100 my other folks are at 100

Unknown Speaker  2:14:55
is

Speaker 1  2:14:56
I would you could say? Okay.

Matthias Miller  2:15:10
Is it under MSRP? It seems so low?

Speaker 1  2:15:16
No, no, that was just an introductory offer for the first 10 people. Right?

Speaker 1  2:15:26
I would have what I would have, you know, a founding members offer. So for the first, the you first need numbers so the you know, for their first for the first 12 people,

Matthias Miller  2:15:50
I like how you think you catch on quickly,

Speaker 1  2:15:55
okay, and then when Someone leaves, if there's an opening, the price goes up because you're past that. You already have your 12.

Matthias Miller  2:16:08
And then you know where I really want to go, the next 58 people. Then you've got 70. Get really smart now anyway.

Speaker 1  2:16:26
Well, why you're you're going the wrong direction. You should have started with three people.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:32
I like that.

Speaker 1  2:16:35
And by I mean, have you thought of this? I was always blown away. Three, that it was an 8023, 1270,

Matthias Miller  2:16:46
70, yeah, 14, yeah. I mean, I'm fine giving this away at a ridiculous deal, and I would probably I was thinking 12 is

Speaker 1  2:16:59
no I, I, I was thinking this very differently. So I was thinking of the terms of of access to you, the three people have this.

Matthias Miller  2:17:25
This, yes, yes, yes, yes, it's this, show you. Community

Speaker 1  2:17:31
only works if there's an ascension plan based around access to you. The Ascension plan is you. You're like the thing everyone wants time with Matthias, right? And that's how you put your your boundaries, right?

Matthias Miller  2:17:50
So, where am I? I mean, Dan Bolton talks about this. I'm sure lots of other people talk about this. I did a post about this, which is linear versus orbital marketing. And like, you know, this is like, an example of proximity to me. How close are you in the inner circle? So I get what you're saying. So this is not sequence, this is access levels. So what should

Unknown Speaker  2:18:27
the it's also sequence.

Matthias Miller  2:18:32
Okay,

Speaker 1  2:18:34
all right, I should say ascension, playing one naturally leads to the next.

Matthias Miller  2:18:40
Sure. No, yes, yes, yes, you're always moving into the inner circle.

Speaker 1  2:18:46
This orbit is gravity, right? It should pull you closer.

Speaker 1  2:19:00
I had this thought out very differently, that the telegram chat is $100 the fireside chat. Well, what's more intimate? Text message is more intimate? Maybe it's the issue is. The issue is there's a limit on 12 people for the fireside chat. That's the limiter. So if you're, if you're, See, most people would do it the other way around, which is, you know, 58 people. Zoom,

Matthias Miller  2:19:38
12, right?

Unknown Speaker  2:19:40
12, one on one.

Matthias Miller  2:19:43
Well, I I think the ascension plan is, every time somebody drops out, the price goes up, and there's a waiting list, which is what

Speaker 1  2:19:59
the way? Dove ran his profitable relationship. He had, he basically had a free mastermind for like, a few years, and then he got to like 100 people, and then he charged them 1000 1000 1000 bucks a year. Um, yeah, but, but I think, I think that the fireside chat

Unknown Speaker  2:20:30
like, Okay, well, now it's, now, I feel like it's a little,

Matthias Miller  2:20:38
I don't know this is right. I

Speaker 1  2:20:40
think that's, I think it's, I think you're just looking for what's easy to do now that you wouldn't have to think about, right?

Unknown Speaker  2:20:56
It's hard to it's, it's hard to people. I

Unknown Speaker  2:21:05
a, okay, different way of thinking about it.

Speaker 1  2:21:16
You know, 90 day you could have like a 90 day program, but this is where I'm not sure how structured your own thinking is. And like, it could be like five people, right, right, but I've got to say, like, I

Speaker 1  2:21:45
All of that's very hard. Yes, like, actually, for Josh it's, it's very easy. But even for Josh, it's, it's hard for people to get people to sign up

Matthias Miller  2:22:06
into the monthly program,

Speaker 1  2:22:07
into a monthly into a like a bottleneck breakthrough group.

Speaker 1  2:22:18
He had a rhythm going for multiple rounds. I was part of three, okay? And then this next one, I don't know if, I don't know if I think there may have been a summer break and a few other things, and then, like, the energy wasn't there, but his offer was, I thought it was amazing. Like the people who know him, respect him, and I don't know there's communities, take, take some more work. I think, I think,

Speaker 1  2:23:00
I would, I would try and figure out the first line, line, you know, three through six are solid. What's the thing that you immediately invite people to after they have a memos like, that's, I think that's the what we solve for.

Matthias Miller  2:23:26
So after the 15 minute, I think the next thing is you don't have a plan.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:40
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:23:42
this might be, might be continuity.

Speaker 1  2:23:48
Um, easiest thing to me is, let's just have, uh, let's have a month. Let's have a monthly, let's have a monthly one hour for any, any upsell.

Matthias Miller  2:24:12
And is this literally okay? But this is, is this unlimited? Is this first 12 people? This is the Okay, here's the equivalent. I'm having trouble. This is probably the wrong medium to be putting this stuff into. I there is, I don't join. I should probably, but I don't join Perry's new renaissance group calls,

Speaker 1  2:24:42
you know what? I've never joined either. I don't know why it's,

Matthias Miller  2:24:47
I mean, I've joined some of them, but it's just like it's Jesus on the mountainside with the multitude. And I'm not a multitude guy.

Speaker 1  2:24:57
That's why I'm trying to keep this to one on one. Questions, which is the monthly one on one call or one on one text with you.

Matthias Miller  2:25:09
So here's, I think we could do a public telegram. That's

Speaker 1  2:25:14
easy, very easy. A group.

Matthias Miller  2:25:17
I mean, this is a group, a private telegram chat, a one hour fireside chat,

Speaker 1  2:25:24
when this is the one hour that's the group chat, yeah?

Matthias Miller  2:25:32
Um yeah, and this is Max 12 people,

Speaker 1  2:25:38
right? You need to move your C column down.

Matthias Miller  2:25:48
So this is 12 people. 58 is too much. I wonder if can you just give these people? Put these two together, fireside chat, plus private. And if you want one or the other, you get both. Oh,

Speaker 1  2:26:04
oh, this. So this is the way dub does it. Is you? You fish from the private telegram chat. Okay, so like a couple emails, a couple emails a month to his list, invites people to his private telegram. Chat,

Matthias Miller  2:26:26
okay, is this private? By private, this is one on one. Oh, I'm

Unknown Speaker  2:26:29
sorry. I'm sorry. Group Chat,

Matthias Miller  2:26:35
okay, group chat is, this is the swimming. This is the this is the pool. It's free. It's, oh, it's free forever, yeah,

Speaker 1  2:26:53
you might have, you might have a private one. That's great. But I'm, I'm just

Matthias Miller  2:27:06
okay. We need terms for these, the fireside chat group. The 12 get a fireside chat and they get their telegram group. Then there's the three which have private telegram groups, plus something other, which may be, I Don't know what it is.

Matthias Miller  2:27:38
Does this make sense? I there's the fireside group, for lack of a better term, the 12 people, they get a monthly fireside chat, and they get their own telegram.

Unknown Speaker  2:27:53
When I say, or is this a group chat. Well,

Matthias Miller  2:28:04
that's what I was thinking.

Speaker 1  2:28:05
I don't know I was more thinking of this as like a helpline, like the the Josh,

Matthias Miller  2:28:16
okay, I've got a question. Let's spell this out. Oh, you gotta You said two. You say two or three,

Speaker 1  2:28:24
three. So this is what I was thinking. Okay, pool of prospects, okay,

Speaker 1  2:28:38
one, which is a one off client telegram. This is a telegram group. Got it free, forever, free forever. One off clients, and then let's say they get sold into or do you like having it this way? Sorry, one off clients, and then let's say at any point in time they can join, they can call you for What I don't know, what you call it helpline. I

Unknown Speaker  2:29:46
group,

Unknown Speaker  2:29:47
oh, I think, I think I'm

Matthias Miller  2:29:50
here. Let's do let me, let me

Speaker 1  2:29:53
just bring this over. Yep, okay, great. Uh, helpline. I don't know what the pricing would be,

Matthias Miller  2:30:06
but it's, you know, maybe 100 bucks a month or something. I don't know, something along, or $100 plus, or end up or something.

Speaker 1  2:30:22
I Fireside Chat. Oh, maybe, maybe you need a one, one more column, Sir, actually, this is infinite. This is 12. Oh, this, I think this is infinite. And then this is 12.

Matthias Miller  2:31:02
This is Isn't this thing something Fireside Chat should is more like, I don't know what it is, but it's something closer to akin to 500 and it could go up from there. That's why,

Speaker 1  2:31:12
that's why I wanted to, I think helpline gets included as a bonus if they join the fireside chat. Yes, right, like, there's ways of packaging it, but I think this, the 12 should get the 12. You know what you might be. You might like this. You might benefit from calling this. I

Unknown Speaker  2:31:44
you know what

Speaker 1  2:31:52
you might benefit by having Perry's world as like an analog? Yeah, I don't know what, you know, we could probably think that through, but so,

Matthias Miller  2:32:06
but there's also one off clients, and there's also client like, almost like alumni. You could have a, you could have a tele telegram group that's separate for I don't know if you want to,

Unknown Speaker  2:32:30
yeah, so, so that would be,

Unknown Speaker  2:32:37
yeah, no, no, I totally get that.

Matthias Miller  2:32:40
It's like, you can telegram me messages, but the whole world's going to see them. And

Unknown Speaker  2:32:56
I'm, I'm not sure

Matthias Miller  2:33:01
I uh, no, because we don't want that. We want the clients to upgrade to

Unknown Speaker  2:33:07
helpline. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:33:08
I don't think there is really a bonus.

Speaker 1  2:33:10
I don't You're right. I don't think so, because there's too many, uh, opportunities to just reach out to you directly, yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:33:19
and Then Fireside Chat is the max 12

Unknown Speaker  2:33:32
zoom group you

Matthias Miller  2:33:49
I mean, then at some level, okay, here's what I don't at some level There needs to be like a mastermind tier that's 1500 to 2k a month.

Speaker 1  2:34:08
Well maybe, I guess, for some reason, I was thinking of that as being part of the fireside chat. So

Matthias Miller  2:34:20
maybe, maybe this is it. Maybe this is the, can we just bump this up to

Speaker 1  2:34:36
it just it just changes the nature of what you're I,

Speaker 1  2:34:44
you also need a new page for like, what's the mastermind?

Unknown Speaker  2:34:54
Oops, whoa. I.

Matthias Miller  2:35:01
Yeah, but I'm not, and I'm not a PO. I love the low pressure nature of the fireside chat, like we're here to be like,

Speaker 1  2:35:06
I don't think you need a mastermind. I think that should be low and then you have implementation

Unknown Speaker  2:35:19
support.

Matthias Miller  2:35:22
Yeah, yes, yes, that's very easy to explain, and that's, and that's 1500 to 2k a month, right?

Speaker 1  2:35:32
That feels very reasonable, because that, because to run a mastermind group would require the type of group coaching calls that you don't want. And

Matthias Miller  2:35:46
what does implementation tactically? What does implementation support look

Speaker 1  2:35:50
like? I mean, at any point, anyone can jump from. You could go from a one off client. You could go from a two hour memos to implementation support, right?

Matthias Miller  2:36:04
But what's deliverable

Matthias Miller  2:36:12
is it weekly zoom calls, ad hoc phone calls.

Speaker 1  2:36:15
Sure, I'm not sure this is where you could have Well, no, what if it's just, what if it's just you as as the coach or consultant, like, what I have for bottleneck, hey, do you want? Do you want practical business coaching or practical like, get my hands I do the thing. Sometimes it's a blend.

Matthias Miller  2:36:47
I don't want to do the I don't want to do the thing. That's fair. But implementation support is different. So if we can come up with the right arrangements, for example, Justin Rose slinger is has like this health coaching program. He is a time blocking its calendar from three to four. I think I don't know what it is, and he tells his assistant, you can schedule whatever you want to during this time, but here's the rules, it has to be a phone call. Can't be a zoom. I'm going to be outside. If you can't it can't be a podcast interview, because it'll be barking dogs and horns honking. But if the one days are the things that throw this sideways, but this would be a good thing where three days a week you need 24 hours notice, three days a week, you can book

Speaker 1  2:37:37
the one days are like Perry's. Those are, like a very exclusive call, like it's, it doesn't throw his programs off at all, because the one day is a lot, maybe is a little more memo. It's memo, and this other stuff I I

Matthias Miller  2:38:04
understand all the words it didn't make didn't make sense to me. How this ties in.

Speaker 1  2:38:10
I think implementations, implementation support has a sense of ongoing accountability, strategic direction. I'm just trying to think what your genius zone is, what like?

Matthias Miller  2:38:31
So, I mean, I think what I would say, the way I would frame it, I'm looking more at the container. What's the container for it like? What I view as the container is okay my one days, mean I'm not taking any other calls that day. I'm checking in with my assistant, and I'm consulting, and I don't think there's much else that I'm doing, because I'm going to be toast. Oh yeah, yeah, so. But on the other days, when I've got some wiggle room, and maybe and we need to cap out how many one days a month and other stuff like that that we're going to do. But on the other days, if you have an implementation support, then you have the freedom to schedule a 30 minute call within my calendar, or maybe it's a, I don't know it's x, I hate to do it as an hours a month, but

Matthias Miller  2:39:37
I don't know what It is. I I love the fluid nature of hey, like, let's just chat on the phone some time I'm out walking and let's go figure this thing out. I.

Matthias Miller  2:40:04
Now here's the other thing that people that Melvin has talked about, but that at the at the 2k a month, people will absolutely eat up having their own private memos call as one of the primary offers. Well, not they're in private, but I think, like you could have a once a month, memos call for the implement like the the higher tier. But here's the thing, the higher up you go, the less they're begging for implementation. It's the people at the bottom level, bottom tier, who are asking for help on implementation. I uh, this 15 row. 15 is not implementation support. It's one of two things. It's, it's a prayer line.

Speaker 1  2:41:11
It's, you're the you're, you're in their corner, almost like whatever it is, right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:41:19
I mean, you can call me up. I think, I think that's

Unknown Speaker  2:41:25
the co pilot thing is, right? I I'm in your career. I mean,

Matthias Miller  2:41:36
it has to be, it has to have some clear parameters. You're in charge. You're not going to eat up. There's things I will do and I won't do. You can't cross these boundaries, but within this, and I don't know how to structure that in a way that it feels good to me and it feels good to them. I

Speaker 1  2:42:03
The people I wouldn't worry about, the feeling, the only people who would do that, I would say most will have already experienced you. And so you could even say, hey, like, you get to make it up, like, tell me what you want, and we'll see what, how we can structure this, or how we

Matthias Miller  2:42:32
I like it,

Unknown Speaker  2:42:37
because they'll, at that point, they'll likely already trust you.

Matthias Miller  2:42:41
But I don't think it's called implementation sport. I don't know what it's called. I mean, it's really an inner circle. It's a inner circle is kind of overused, but

Unknown Speaker  2:42:53
it's a, it's a union with the truth,

Matthias Miller  2:43:02
um, it's a, it's the Navy Seal, shoulder to shoulder. Go fight this thing together, thing, yeah,

Speaker 1  2:43:20
that's, that's what, that's kind of what you said. I did with my last couple clients.

Matthias Miller  2:43:36
And this is where let me introduce you folks. I mean you and I, let's I

Speaker 1  2:43:41
open my my resources, my connections. I'm just here for you and how, however I can be generous. I'm just here to make you successful, right? Yeah, no, this is, oh, okay, okay. What 100

Speaker 1  2:44:13
something with 100 proof that needs to be the highest level. I think 100 proof needs to be worked in here fireside chat that can go with

Unknown Speaker  2:44:28
that's, I think that's fine, but this is like another layer of the tribal language, right? 100 the 100. Okay, so this is Matthias. I, I, I feel like you. Okay, so I the last program I did was a month ago, and it was dove. I. Signed up for all of his Okay,

Speaker 1  2:45:03
so, so, and I actually have he was so generous with me. He gave me. I kind of inspired him. I I told him, Look, this is what I need. And he made up. He made it. He made his private package for me. And then he turned around and he made the same package to the group, and he charged more for it, but I gave him like I get it, did a custom thing, and he liked it so much he went back to the group. But part of the So, so So the so it was, it was, it was a paid program, but also a kind of like the telegram helpline, okay, so anyways, I have two weeks of unlimited emails or telegram or I haven't used it yet, but, but the the program was called you. This is I like, we can do our version of it, but it's you a force to be reckoned with.

Matthias Miller  2:46:15
Yes, I'm Yes, yes. Okay, yes.

Speaker 1  2:46:18
So let's let me find the page. But isn't that like, it's, I remember looking at that like, I've never seen a program named this way, and I really loved it was like 100 proof, right? Yes, you 100 the 100 proof man, right? Or like, let me, let me look at it. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  2:46:58
We haven't gotten into this, but I'm also thinking about clients, building in client success processes and all of this of some level, But proof for you, yeah, for myself, retention, stickiness,

Unknown Speaker  2:47:21
I uh, so, okay, let me,

Speaker 1  2:47:30
oh, can I share my screen? I guess, I guess I could just send a website to you. That's fine. So, you can message him on telegram. Anyways, yep, so he's all about clients, new clients. You a I just love this. It's a transformation, right? Yep, done with you.

Speaker 1  2:48:09
Stop me stinking and start doing right. That's, is you in action, mastery. Anyways, he's he's great. There's a lot of this stuff that resonates. He's great with messaging. So let me I'll post it in the

Matthias Miller  2:48:30
so what, what in this resonates with you? Or do you want to draw attention to? He talks about the physics at the bottom there, mass times acceleration.

Speaker 1  2:48:46
Let me, I lost her spreadsheet. I'll put a new sheet. Inspiration. Ah,

Speaker 1  2:49:05
okay, I so I was Gordon, and I'll let you

Unknown Speaker  2:49:20
worse be

Speaker 1  2:49:26
okay. So I was the, the lead instructor for Tom Poland and doing marketing, coaching and training. And most of this was just relationship based. It was like, you know, podcasts, webinars, email, developing their positioning and messaging and slide decks and so it wasn't, it wasn't paid advertising site. It was leverage, leveraging other people's networks. Um. Um, and in some ways, I mean, I don't know about other programs, but

Speaker 1  2:50:10
I'm very proud that we were every component of the of the program always had a dedicated coach, and so we never, we never had a paid program where people were just doing it themselves. And I think, I think that's what I like about doves. And in some ways, dove is selling a lot of the things he's saying, ironically, is stuff that I coached, but it's but I just need, I don't know, I just need someone else's help. I need someone else in in the trench with me, even though I was coaching other people on how to do this stuff,

Matthias Miller  2:51:03
and you need somebody who's at your caliber as well, which dove has. I mean, he's anyway, he's a really smart guy. Yeah, makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  2:51:19
I like this. I like it.

Matthias Miller  2:51:29
There's a side note. There's a group program coming to that I'm going to collaborate with my business partner on, which is going to be centered around. I uh, glass shattering events in our lives, helping business leaders, creating space for leaders in whatever capacity to share. So there's always glass shattering event, deal with the crisis. Spend one, two, up to 20 or 30 years, trying to externalize and problem solve and whatever. And then there's the awakening of, oh, wait, I can't all this still isn't working. The only answer is self disclosure, knowing and being known. And so get them into a room, share, create space for transformation. And then my vision for this is what would happen if you can have leaders and executives doing this. Then stage two is the executive team does it together. Then stage three is you start building this out within the within, within the business, and you start transforming culture from top down, where you start breaking down walls of self protection, and you and I are actually able to have honest conversations about how I feel and how this is affecting me without fear of retribution and fear of punishment. Yeah. Do you know what would happen with a business, if they like? Can you imagine what would happen with most corporations if they would

Speaker 1  2:53:07
have that? Yeah, so I, I'm, I don't find the book, but the pinnacle business guy, we were gonna, I was gonna be the ride along co pilot with him. But I think he wasn't sure how to transition. He, he, he had this book how we love, and it's a, it's a, it's about marriage, right? And he had his own home, like journey and story with that, but, but basically, it's identifying the, I don't know if to call it trauma, but like, you know whatever event and how that created, like a love imprint on you in and how you're patterned after that. Like, and so I and he was very jazzed about like, I think, I think, I think there's a space for that. And that's like, I secretly want to be, like, spiritual formation director for business people. But like, I'm not. I don't want to do the spiritual I don't want to do the counseling. Anyways, there's, there's no one, no one really, no one really has a space to be themselves and be vulnerable, right? You know this with with their two. Name like you can't, right? It's like, unfortunately, they'll always be the boss, right? A pastor will always be the pastor. And this is, and something Dallas Willard said is the primary Ministry of, he says, of pastors is to other pastors. And I never something or something about

Speaker 1  2:55:38
you need your place of ministry has to be where you can be open and honest, right? And that's not, and that's being united as a body. It's not, it's not

Speaker 1  2:55:58
as much along the lines of, like, doctrinal lines. It's more of like, here's what's happening in my life, yep. And that's where we can be ministers to each other, and then that will strengthen the body. And that's Yes, you, you, you get yourself stuff, you get your stuff dealt with. Now you can, now you can resource your team because you're not, you're not, you're not trying to get that from them, right? Yes,

Speaker 1  2:56:43
and I think everyone who is in a higher level group like that's why they sign up. They know that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:56:54
so All right, tactically. Does this mean pounding out a website that has these things

Speaker 1  2:57:07
on them? I think, I think a mastermind works, or whatever the higher level thing you can always be the one on one guy in the trenches at any point, but that bubbles up from a conversation, right? And you don't need a web page for that.

Matthias Miller  2:57:35
No, I mean, but like, Okay, let's take a giant step back. The the wild, okay, the low hanging fruit

Unknown Speaker  2:57:50
is

Matthias Miller  2:57:53
the memo exists. People who raise their hand for the memo,

Unknown Speaker  2:57:58
people who've

Matthias Miller  2:58:02
replying to the new renaissance email. Um, upselling some of these on the full day. Um, you know, you know, pricing updates with these people. And there might be people who are, who were on the fence, who would actually do this if, or there might be people, if I drop the price down from crazy amount that I told them they'd be like, I'm gonna do it from the existing People who raised their hands early on. So

Speaker 2  2:58:39
what I needs to

Matthias Miller  2:58:45
happen on the pricing page and test. I think the big thing is pragmatically, we do new renaissance email response. What do I send them to?

Speaker 1  2:59:03
And well, I would have, I would have a website. I would have your whatever current you currently have, and then just add paid options, but then you have a duplicate page, that's a Perry link,

Matthias Miller  2:59:26
right? So, okay, you

Speaker 1  2:59:29
know, Matthias, miller.com/perry, and then they that. That way you don't have to worry about other people seeing a special partners pricing.

Matthias Miller  2:59:50
Well, I mean, I could also give them a coupon code like, you know, put in Planet Perry as a coupon code,

Speaker 1  2:59:59
no. Cool. Oh, yeah, that's great idea.

Matthias Miller  3:00:05
I mean, it's very easy for me to set up on my end, yeah, you got to create the products and stuff.

Speaker 1  3:00:15
That's right, you're a programmer. Can do all this stuff. Well, I

Matthias Miller  3:00:19
mean, I have, I have a lifetime thing with Thrive card,

Unknown Speaker  3:00:24
a lifetime of

Matthias Miller  3:00:26
what Thrive card, which I guess it's only Yeah,

Speaker 1  3:00:30
I do too. It's pretty good.

Matthias Miller  3:00:35
It works. Okay? I have, I just have a little bit of a deer in the headlights, like,

Unknown Speaker  3:00:47
what

Matthias Miller  3:00:50
like is this a simple

Unknown Speaker  3:00:55
i, let me just say I think you need to schedule some Renaissance time or Sabbath time, and then ask the question about what to do with The high level people like Perry or P Vargas

Matthias Miller  3:01:22
i How to get in the How to

Speaker 1  3:01:26
because there's many paths you could take, but like, what, what would feel right?

Matthias Miller  3:01:33
There's nothing that stops me from, I agree with that. There's nothing that stops me from putting together the offer pages. Oh, sure, and being able to send that out in a response to the list with the testimonials, basically saying, hey, look, here are the endorsement like, here's the endorsement and testimonials, and those could be the tap, and then down below have the product listing or something like that. Okay,

Speaker 1  3:02:00
what? What are the pages you have currently? You have,

Matthias Miller  3:02:05
I've got the homepage, which is my Facebook ad, which I'm not too keen on. I hate to do this, but part of me is also like, I really like the 100 proof messaging, yeah. And if I could rip apart my website with,

Unknown Speaker  3:02:30
Okay, here's what's next. We need. We need your hook line. You a force to be reckoned with.

Matthias Miller  3:02:44
Well, okay,

Unknown Speaker  3:02:49
and make it about 100 proof

Matthias Miller  3:02:52
stop. To stop diluting the 100 proof version of you.

Unknown Speaker  3:03:00
Yeah, we need, we need a page

Matthias Miller  3:03:07
like, can we not just take over this website?

Speaker 1  3:03:10
Yeah, that's that, I think. I think let's, let's take a look at you a force to be reckoned with, and see

Matthias Miller  3:03:26
oh, you're saying, can we model it after this

Matthias Miller  3:03:37
is, you know, whatever you dilute, diluted to average, whatever better, better phrase than that, no, then read through this page now, because a lot can change in just two hours. Whatever the thing is, I don't know, building this out, this just straight up looks overwhelming to me. Well,

Speaker 1  3:04:03
that's, I don't think it's I don't think it's as hard as you think, because I'm not, I'm not looking at I'm not looking at all of his text. I'm more thinking. I'm more thinking like your the what you already wrote for the I had to pull it up. It's, you have, like, three separate documents.

Matthias Miller  3:04:36
I have a lot of different things. This is the story of my life, by the way

Speaker 1  3:04:40
was it, it wasn't connect pillars. I got pillars, yeah, and then we need to change it so that I don't know if you need i.

Unknown Speaker  3:05:01
Okay, I think I'm too close to it. I'll take a look later.

Speaker 1  3:05:10
Let's I'll take a look later today, and then I'll pick I think what needs to happen is almost you don't need to give the first this first bit, because the people you'll be talking to already know memos, right? I think you just need to aim at the 100 proof you and then focus on the three ingredients as part of being 100 proof.

Matthias Miller  3:05:49
So for me, so is this the who I am?

Speaker 1  3:05:59
Let me, let me take a stab at it first. It's a little hard for me to articulate, but the main thing I'm hearing is, or that I'm suggesting is a landing page that's focused on 100 proof and the three ingredients are clarity, comfort

Matthias Miller  3:06:28
and courage. Connection. Encourage courage

Speaker 1  3:06:31
or or comfort, yeah, and that's the call to action, to schedule, 15 minute, two hour one day, or a 30 minute two hour or one day, let's, let's, let's go to the offer page. Let's go to the offer page. Let me sorry you have, you have yours.

Matthias Miller  3:07:02
No, go ahead. You pull it up. I think, I think you, I mean, you know where you're going. Let me also create, I'm going to create a document with my LinkedIn, 100 proof LinkedIn rambles, and I'm going to share that with you, great.

Speaker 1  3:07:18
Um, let's start, I guess. I guess. Okay. Audience, first. Audience, then offer, what if we just say we'll pick Perry's audience to start with first and design everything. Forget, forget about just try and design it for one audience.

Unknown Speaker  3:07:47
Okay

Unknown Speaker  3:07:52
with the page and offer?

Unknown Speaker  3:07:58
Um,

Speaker 1  3:08:03
I think most of the most of the people you're going to go to are already in your orbit. Yes, they already Yes. I want to separate the messaging of the initial part of true business freedom, which I think is more for yes, people who don't know which Facebook that's more of like the Facebook ads and that could come later,

Matthias Miller  3:08:33
maybe an autoresponder sequence, it may be yes. Okay, I am 100% on board. Let's start with the warm people who basically know me. So Wellspring people basically know me. My friends basically know me. People in Planet Perry basically know me. That's our target audience. 100% on board.

Speaker 1  3:08:52
I can you say? Can you say? The audiences again, Planet Perry,

Matthias Miller  3:08:57
my friends in Wellspring involved wellspring. Wellspring

Speaker 1  3:09:00
is Pete Vargas. Pete Vargas, okay,

Unknown Speaker  3:09:03
local

Matthias Miller  3:09:04
Wellspring, to be clear, but still

Matthias Miller  3:09:13
potentially Kevin Thompson's Impact and legacy group. And I say, Dear Kevin, I want to do this for your impact and legacy group, only the people I would have been in the mastermind

Unknown Speaker  3:09:23
with, yeah.

Speaker 1  3:09:25
What do you know? Go ahead, what my favorite, one of my favorite ways of looking at selling is it comes from Jack butcher. He's the guy who really inspires me with visual models. And he says, You he says, what you do is you sell the sawdust. Basically, when you're a carpenter or a craftsman, you do the work. You don't. Sell the work. You sell the sawdust. The sawdust is the proof of of a product, right? And like, that's what you sprinkle around. Is, if you can get one win in the impact legacy group, that's what you sell, right? If you get the win with with Brian, right? That's what you like. You keep set, you keep selling Yes, proof points, because, because in the group, it's a very relational thing. Yes, like, it's primarily so right now, you're not targeting cold people. It's all about warm people. It's all about relationships and little past stringing together the little proof points. That's the sawdust, yep. Okay, I'll, I'll think about a landing page, and I'm I'm largely free tomorrow, except, except I have to run to the mechanic and then at that shouldn't take long, at two. From two to I have a call with Admiral leadership guy from after two

Matthias Miller  3:11:31
so I can go up until probably tomorrow morning. Best times for me, Max is going to be. See if I can translate this, I should be free around eight. Pacific to eight to 11 would be my wind window, and that depends I'm if we're in a good place. Well, here, let's do this. I know I can commit to eight to 930 Pacific. Great. So let me send you an invite for that. I'm

Unknown Speaker  3:12:10
good. Let's

Unknown Speaker  3:12:11
Colorado, see your one hour ahead, right?

Matthias Miller  3:12:16
Yeah, that's nine to 1210. 30.

Speaker 1  3:12:19
I'm I'm, by the way, I wake up super early. So

Matthias Miller  3:12:22
if you ever what's super early?

Unknown Speaker  3:12:28
I guess the last two days I haven't, but usually it's, I mean, I could, I could be on a call by 530

Unknown Speaker  3:12:37
so

Matthias Miller  3:12:40
most of my mornings I could do, if it would be helpful, have a 30 minute check in from six to 630 year time. I could do that. But if it's not, I don't

Speaker 1  3:12:49
think we need to just keep, keep the 8am but I'm just saying for the future, if you have a sounds good. Most currently,

Matthias Miller  3:12:59
currently, the early mornings are with another guy in kind of my business partner, California. Partner, California, that we're working through the mastermindee stuff. So,

Unknown Speaker  3:13:10
all right,

Speaker 1  3:13:16
okay, well, just rest a little and then I think the main thing is thinking about the messaging will be taken care of, but it's what's the best offer to the high level people,

Matthias Miller  3:13:30
right?

Speaker 1  3:13:31
What's the best entry point? And you have, I think you listed three main people, Pete Vargas, parish, group and the Ignite, right?

Matthias Miller  3:13:41
Yeah, back to legacy, yep,

Speaker 1  3:13:44
so I think that's a narrow enough focus to to get some traction. Yep, I like it all right. Take care. Matthias, Yep, thanks, Mark.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai