Unknown Speaker  00:33
Hello, Yo, dude, yeah,

Matthias Miller  00:38
a four hour brainstorming session with a colleague of mine weeks ago, little over a week ago, we can have a go plus chat TPT. I am so stoked from my Expo talk I am going to have a blast. Okay, so there you go. There's your little teaser.

Speaker 1  01:01
So if I come to your session, I should make sure I have had my face mask on.

Matthias Miller  01:08
Yeah, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  01:12
Get ready for the blast.

Matthias Miller  01:16
All right. So let me know when you're ready to dive in. Ready to dive in, yeah, let's do it all right. So we were talking about how to model early EPOS. Here is the way we would like to do it. And you can tell me, I think the biggest impact is on I should have actually had time to model this up in, in here, but

Matthias Miller  01:46
is on an early payoff. You would add on the payoff date, you would add all the remaining periods for the full rental price. You would add early payoff rental, type of rental fee with a an adjustment for early payoff discount, for the discount, and then a payment attached to all future payments, all effective on the same day.

Unknown Speaker  02:15
Okay, can we? Can we? Can we take it one

Matthias Miller  02:20
step at a time.

Speaker 1  02:21
Well, no, okay, give me, give me something for my brain to latch on, to, on, on tracking, because I feel like I'm I don't know if you need to use a spreadsheet or if you need to write it out as

Matthias Miller  02:38
a contract resolution equals. Early death. All right, so here we have 36 months. Let's go ahead and export to Excel. Drop it in only design. Let's it open.

Unknown Speaker  03:07
Wait for it

Matthias Miller  03:10
all right, so we have good data for the filter we're going to do all rental fees. Clear rental fee and adjustment type of incurred. All right, let's find out how many so we have one. We have, we have 19 rows on a 36 month contract. So we would end up doing is, by

Speaker 1  03:42
the way, by the way, I the longer we go along with this data model of incursion and paying, the more I like it good. I think, I think this whole concept of incurring a either late fee or a rental fee, essentially incurring a period will bring a lot of clarity In the process of payment diagnostics or customer payment diagnostics. I think I'm not. I'm at this point, I'm hesitantly, optimist, optimistic, but I think, I think it's, I think it's right.

Matthias Miller  04:35
Sounds makes sense to me. I think you're right. Okay, so we would have basically this. So these are all the these are all the added rows, and then we would have a

Matthias Miller  04:58
which would be.

Matthias Miller  05:07
Be, get the Well, it'd be, it would be

Matthias Miller  05:16
this, and then we would have

Matthias Miller  05:35
it this, And this is how we would record an EPO. And note that these are all, these are all the same. Why

Speaker 1  06:00
you're saying the RG would look like would do that?

Matthias Miller  06:03
Yes.

Speaker 1  06:07
Okay, walk me through the concept so I can figure, so I can, so I can. Obviously, you've said this before, so I should probably repeat this. This is not an RG. We expect that customer, that service reps are going to spend a lot of time in right?

Matthias Miller  06:26
Okay, here's a few reasons. Number one, it means that every term has an incurment date

Matthias Miller  06:41
and is paid off in some capacity.

Unknown Speaker  06:52
Okay?

Matthias Miller  06:54
Number two, it creates easy calculation to say, what is the balance? Because we don't have otherwise. What are we going to do? Are we going to just drop it off and say, there's nothing there? Are we going to incur partial rental fees and pay off the partial amounts? This is a close modeling of reality in which we're saying, well, these are the periods, this is the full price. This is the discount that you're getting. This is what you paid. Comes as close to modeling the reality of what's going on on an EPO as possible.

Speaker 1  07:39
So if you were to start in column K, I don't care on which row, if you were to horizontally lay this out, you would have, you would have, I don't understand the paid and early, okay, the adjustment type. So obviously, I think what you're saying is the paid that's the cash price, amount 22, 1114, right? So if you we're just going to do one row, let's just do one row from from left to right in a horizontal fashion, um. So you would have, you would have a cash price, amount of 211, 14, you would have a rental fee. Amount of 140, 76, is, Am I understanding what you're doing here, right? And you would have an incurment point and a paid point, which those incurment points so that the total payment for, okay? So that's and if you were to continue on out through so the 211 plus 140 76 equals a 351 90, and then you would, I'm assuming there would be tax in there somewhere too. Is that? Is that?

Matthias Miller  08:51
Right? This taxes on added etc, right? So then there

Speaker 1  08:56
would be a tax. Then, then you would have tax in this payment yet as well. So 351, plus tax plus damage by your fee, plus any other fees, right?

Matthias Miller  09:03
Your your DWS would also be incurred for all the periods as well.

Speaker 1  09:07
Okay, so breaking this down helps you in what way, when making final EPO calculations,

Matthias Miller  09:20
we can make the calculations any way we want. It just gives us a very consistent it just means that EPOS really aren't anything special. They're just discounted payments into the future. An EPO payment isn't any different than a payment for things historically, it's just as a Well, I mean, what is the difference between a regular payment and an EPO? Well, a regular payment, you prepay one period at a time, usually, and you don't get a discount an EPO. Well, you pay for a lot of the rest of the periods, and you pay wage in the future. And you get a discount is

Unknown Speaker  10:03
this? Is this document shared with me?

Matthias Miller  10:09
Oops, potentially, yeah, oops, that's not what I wanted. I

Unknown Speaker  10:19
you. Oh, you shared it to me that way.

Speaker 1  10:28
All right, I think I'm gonna, in order to get my you need access. Can thou give us me access

Unknown Speaker  10:40
to Mr. Berman,

Unknown Speaker  10:47
okay, so

Unknown Speaker  10:55
stop it there. What?

Unknown Speaker  11:00
What is your problem?

Matthias Miller  11:04
We must all ask ourselves.

Speaker 1  11:06
Okay, so if let's say

Unknown Speaker  11:12
one two, I

Speaker 1  11:31
so this is a 36 month contract. This is essentially what you're doing, yeah, and so essentially, what, what you're saying is that, if you pay off, and what was the point of this, that you're saying, what week, month 19, it

Matthias Miller  11:51
was something like that. We can highlight these rows to find out.

Speaker 1  11:55
I think it was so. I

Speaker 1  12:12
so then, essentially, this is what they paid in order to get the full value of what a customer actually paid. This is oops. This is

Unknown Speaker  12:32
what you're attempting to say,

Matthias Miller  12:38
effectively. Yes, I mean,

Speaker 1  12:52
I'm tracking with what you're doing. I just don't quite get, I don't quite understand why you want to break it out like that in the RG, maybe there's a reason I'm missing. Oh,

Matthias Miller  13:04
uh, it makes balance calculations simple.

Speaker 1  13:08
So you're saying it makes it makes more it makes it easier for you to calculate for, accounting

Matthias Miller  13:13
for accounting for for other types of calculations that we're doing. And it also gives you some visibility on how EPO gets calculated, or how it got calculated.

Speaker 1  13:33
Okay, the only thing that I want to say then is that I kind of think that the button to view this RG should be conditionally visible based on permissions, because otherwise it's just confusing to anybody who wants to go details. What is going on here. Okay.

Matthias Miller  14:00
Are there any places when you want to report on early payoff? Where would we want to report on early payoff? And for example, if you run a report, will you ever want to show the full rental fee? Less, I mean, less the early payoff discount in any of your statements invoices?

Speaker 1  14:37
No. So whenever presenting numbers to the customers, we're always going to present them as as the most simplistic as possible. And that's where we always get into this conversation about with sales tax or without sales tax, like we want to give the most like, think about it from I'm an idiot. I don't understand all these calculations. And so when I look at a number, and if it's. If I'm due $351.90 for the month, that needs to be an all inclusive number, right? If I say, Well, why is it so high, then you should be very easily able to, as a customer service rep, to say, well, you have,

Unknown Speaker  15:20
well, okay, for the for the sake of this conversation, I'm going to add the tax in here. I don't

Speaker 1  15:38
know how to add the text in here. Forget it, whatever. So, I mean, very easily, you should be able to the customer service rep should be able to say, well, 351, 90, plus tax of x plus Damage Waiver fee of x, plus these late fees, or whatever fees, other fees are involved. It should be like, if we can get, if we can get those kinds of questions answered very easily to the customer service rep or to the individual who ends up on an online portal, if they can answer their own question very easily, fine, like we just we need to make sure that these numbers are very, very, very approachable from, okay, here's the guiding light. The Guiding Light is, if I'm a customer and I open up my online portal and I look at a payment that seems higher than expected, I want to be able to get a breakdown and I

Unknown Speaker  16:37
can understand, okay,

Matthias Miller  16:40
okay, I am I have a question though. I mean, this is not for you. This is for them. Why if we allow variable period times? Why does it matter? Why do we need to have each due date in here?

Speaker 1  17:10
So you know what date the period correlates to,

Matthias Miller  17:18
no. I mean an early payoff. Why not enroll in a security

Unknown Speaker  17:26
Okay, ask your question one more time. Okay?

Matthias Miller  17:31
With floating period of floating like variable length periods, if somebody pays $500 we're not going to split that up and say, well, this much was for this period and this much was for the next I'm assuming we're going to say, we're going to have one row that says $500 for this period, and it's going to adjust the next Few days, no,

Unknown Speaker  18:01
to a degree that destroys the concept of, um,

Speaker 1  18:12
okay, so then the question then is, I'm a customer service rep, and I received a phone call from a customer who says I paid $500 what did that go to?

Unknown Speaker  18:23
How do I answer that?

Speaker 1  18:31
I know I had several months that were due with late fees and so on and so forth. How do we how do we answer that question,

Matthias Miller  18:41
do you want? Do you want this? Do you want to say the amount never exceeds a monthly payment amount?

Speaker 1  18:45
No, no, no. Okay. I mean, I want, I want a customer to call up and be able to pay whatever they jolly well want to pay, but yet be able to answer very clearly and concisely to the customer when they say, Well, what did that apply to?

Matthias Miller  19:02
Well, I mean, 20 bucks was delayed fees, and nine bucks was the dwf, and the rest of it you you paid a month and a half of rent, or whatever it was, and so your due date shifted out to and, well, then why? Why trying my whiny customer voice, but why is my due date on the 16th, not that 18th? Well, because that's just how, like, that's just how it works. I mean, what are we supposed to say?

Speaker 1  19:32
So riddle me, this, is this a question of, is this a question of what goes in the RG, or is this a question of reporting? Because I think reporting, we can make it say just about anything.

Matthias Miller  19:45
This is a question of what goes in the RG, and as long as we have a way to say this row is related to an EPO, I'm I'm worried, though, here's what I'm worried about. I'm worried that if. Reporting is substantially different from what's in the RG. We're going to get ourselves into trouble, and we're going to complicate reporting unnecessarily.

Speaker 1  20:09
Well, okay, so if the RG row, if you started at the very, very beginning. And okay, let's go back to the very, very beginning of the con of the contract. And we loaded the contract in. Theoretically, there should immediately be in a row of incurred first month rent, and if you paid a down payment and a security deposit, you should immediately at at the beginning of the contract, should have, should say, incurred from such and such a date, paid on such and such date for that. And there should also be another row, I'm assuming, where you pay you well, you had a word for it. What's the, what's the, when you add a security deposit, what's going to go in the RG, what's the, what's the type?

Matthias Miller  21:06
Well, when you give a security deposit payment, yeah,

Speaker 1  21:12
okay, essentially, the very those would be the first three RG lines that would happen. We follow so far. After that, it should be an incursion of a month of a period, a payment of a period, incursion of a period of payment of the period, incursion of a period of payment of the period, unless there's an incursion of late fees and so on and so forth. But at why wouldn't you, at the very, very end, have a an applic like you would have a payoff row of this is where it gets stinky, because it's like, well, how do you represent what's coming out of security deposit? How do you represent what's coming out of CRA and the application, the paying of those dollars of value, and what's what is actually EPO? Yeah. Right.

Matthias Miller  22:14
Can I bring Jonathan and Seth on? I think as long as they're okay with, I mean, okay for security deposit and CRA Ultimately, what we need to do is we need to say we used those try to use out to a payment and and then.

Speaker 1  22:37
So wait, wait the final, the final payment would all have the same payment ID, correct, correct. So the EPO, the CRA, or security deposit, any, any, whatever's all of that would be tied out to the same single ID.

Speaker 2  22:57
Yes. I

Matthias Miller  23:06
like this, and then we would also, presumably, we would have a

Matthias Miller  23:23
whatever it ends up being, something like that.

Speaker 1  23:32
Here's what I suggest. I suggest you take your concept, feed it over to Sean and have him mock it up exactly how the RG would look.

Matthias Miller  23:43
Well, we kind of needed,

Unknown Speaker  23:48
you kind of need it

Unknown Speaker  23:50
right this moment, is what you're saying.

Unknown Speaker  23:53
Yeah, kind of,

Matthias Miller  23:56
I mean, I don't,

Speaker 1  23:57
I don't understand everything in the blue section, like all of like duplicating everything from history into one, EPO, 1234, makes. I'm I'm

Matthias Miller  24:06
lost. It's, this is okay, so I'm paying for these future rents.

Matthias Miller  24:19
So rather than saying, I'm incurring 200 211 dot, 14 times 17 months.

Matthias Miller  24:39
Okay, here's another way that we could. Here's another way that we could.

Speaker 1  24:44
I mean, why don't you just add those as columns? Why don't you add those splits out as columns, as part of every single payment,

Matthias Miller  24:53
the discount?

Speaker 1  24:55
Well, I mean, so, so, I mean, the other way that you could, you could. I think, what. You're trying to say is going out through that you have a period, type adjustment, due date, amount, taxable, tax rate, forgiveness, transaction ID, cash price, dollar value, rental fee, dollar value, I don't know like

Matthias Miller  25:20
because then we don't allow for variable fees. I think you're fed up with the complexity of the of the RG, I think that's you're going to have a natural distaste for that, like, rightly or wrongly?

Speaker 1  25:33
Well, probably because I can't wrap my head around to tell you if it's right or wrong.

Matthias Miller  25:40
Okay, let me tell you, there's, there's two other ways that we can, we could. We can theoretically represent this, and Jonathan is going to hate me for at some level, for each of these probably,

Matthias Miller  26:01
let's go ahead and put in the security deposit in each of these.

Speaker 1  26:08
Part of me, part of me, wants to say, we just lock it down. And say you never can do variable due dates. And I think that would halfway solve your problem.

Unknown Speaker  26:20
I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  26:29
Okay,

Speaker 1  26:31
no, I Okay. Riddle me this. I think my brain's trying to turn this into a check register, and, and, and it's, I'm I'm being brain blocked on what you're trying to accomplish.

Matthias Miller  26:44
What do you mean into a check register? I mean, it is, it works like a check register.

Unknown Speaker  26:52
Okay, then I'll just keep my mouse up. Maybe I don't know what I'm talking

Unknown Speaker  26:54
about. Oh, I mean,

Speaker 1  26:56
it's, it works. Is burger management coming? Hold on one second.

Unknown Speaker  27:02
Hello from

Unknown Speaker  27:07
your company. I have spectrum on the line and

Speaker 3  27:09
you're an authorized user. Oh, okay. You

Speaker 1  28:55
That was funny. I was like, why is my office line calling me? It was Addison. He's on the line with spectrum. And so I was suddenly in an awkward moment,

Speaker 3  29:05
because, like, hello, what? I sounded very unprofessional. Because I was like, why is my office number calling me? That's funny. Okay, I'm

Matthias Miller  29:22
gonna going to do this.

Matthias Miller  29:31
Okay, b2, c2, e2, e2,

Unknown Speaker  29:53
that's

Speaker 1  29:58
maybe, maybe this would all. Make sense, if you brought Seth and Jonathan on and explain it to them, and then they'd be like, then maybe it'll, it'll click in place, yes.

Unknown Speaker  30:07
Okay, let's do this.

Unknown Speaker  30:09
Bookings. No

Unknown Speaker  30:13
balance. Okay,

Matthias Miller  30:22
it's sorry. I mean it should be this, plus,

Matthias Miller  30:32
this one should not exist, okay, this is, this is the check register version. We're ignoring security deposit for the moment. Not to complicate things, you incur this fee balance of zero. Incur balance. Incur balance. Incur balance that we incur zero pay, incur pay all the way down. We're going to ignore security deposit for all intents and purposes now. Then we get to early payoff. So then we incur fees for the full monthly rent amounts, and we discount all those future fees. Now we have a balance of the EPO amount, then we go start applying payments to the balance to bring it all the way back down to zero, which is the early payoff,

Speaker 1  31:27
and the whole entire blue section would get written at The point of payoff, correct.

Unknown Speaker  31:35
Um, okay, okay, okay,

Unknown Speaker  31:44
okay, the tracking now,

Matthias Miller  31:45
okay, we could condense it. We could condense it down to four rows. Don't tell Jonathan you don't need one due date for a period. You just need you can just make an arbitrary period and pay for everything. Nobody. We're not looking at you don't have to have a due date for every period. So just condense it down to here. You incur the full fee. You incur the EPO. You subtract the EPO, you subtract what's paid, and you get back down to zero. Or you could say, this is, I don't like this, but you could say we'll just incur the EPO amount as a rental fee and subtract and just know that, yeah,

Speaker 1  32:26
no, I'm tracking with what you're doing now that, now that you explain better. No, that'd be I just understood better. We'll go with that. That way. It's not, it's not on your shoulders. It's on mine.

Matthias Miller  32:39
I have a Facebook friend who says, your your your students do not have a learning disability, your teachers have a teaching disability. So,

Speaker 1  32:49
so, but I'm going to reiterate, then, if we're if it's going to get this complex or Okay, I understand now what you're doing, but if it's going to get this complex, I think we should either, in some way, hide this RG and give, give reporting on this that makes sense to the user.

Matthias Miller  33:09
Okay, I I think I can make a very good I'm going to see if there. I'm going to see if I can bring it back on I think I can make a very compelling argument, because we have variable rate, like we don't care how many periods you're paying for, it's irrelevant. It's are you paying for the rental price of the building. And so why would you not just lump them all together in a single into four rows instead of four bajillion

Matthias Miller  33:48
right? I mean, that's more for them than for you.

Speaker 1  33:52
It is before you bring them on, get get rid of Get rid of my thingy over there.

Speaker 2  34:00
You're all okay.

Matthias Miller  34:28
All right, so here's a quote for your spreadsheet. It's not original for me. If you want to attribute, it could be attributed to Alex sharpen. Quote goes something like this, your children don't have a learning disability. Your teacher has a teaching disability.

Speaker 3  34:44
It's not wrong, it's not wrong. That's very true.

Matthias Miller  34:49
So Dwayne has suffered under my teaching disability for the last 30 minutes,

Speaker 1  34:56
although in this case, I'm not sure it was his teaching capability. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, we're both adults, so you can't it. I think at some point the it becomes level playing ground between the teacher and the student.

Matthias Miller  35:13
So here's my Okay. Dwayne's skin in the game is basically customers. Okay, customers are not engineers. They don't care. They just want to know, what do we need to pay? And occasionally they're going to ask the question, why is it that much? And somebody has to be able to answer that question, but they don't care. And for the EPO, we just want to show the EPO total. They don't need to know the discount. They need to know the original pricing. They just need to know what was what was it? So now also, we really don't, the moment you introduce variable periods, then floating period dates and things like that. We don't care how many periods you have. We're the only thing we're really looking at is, I mean, if you pay $500 of rental fees one month, and pay a month and a half like who cares? We're looking at how much, how much have you paid of your contract, what's the remaining balance? We use that to calculate the number of months it's we use due dates going forward like we really don't need to have 36 periods to to finish out the contract. So there's really nothing that well, tell me if I'm wrong. There's nothing that keeps us at a minimum, from reducing all of this down to this. Now, please poke holes in my theory.

Unknown Speaker  37:02
I mean, I think, I think you're right, given with floating periods and stuff, it makes sense.

Speaker 4  37:15
Yeah, I like this, yeah, I, I mean, if this, I'm not sure it makes it makes that much of a difference for reporting off of it, but for just keeping the RG readable for those of us who venture into those kinds of places. But yeah, I like it.

Matthias Miller  37:33
So then the next question is, is this good enough? I think

Speaker 3  37:40
here be here, be dragons. Be warned for those that venture into those kinds of places,

Unknown Speaker  37:47
exactly. Is

Matthias Miller  37:50
this good enough? I think it's, I think it's still useful in some capacity, okay, the I think the two variants I would be happy with is a either the EPO discount row or a gross rent less EPO discount equals subtotal. Um, yeah, I don't know. I just, I don't have a strong preference beyond this point. I don't think Well, I do have an opinion. I have a nagging suspicion that this is really going to bite us when we try to calculate numbers in various places,

Speaker 4  38:47
if we don't specify the early payoff discount.

Matthias Miller  38:53
Yes, I mean, even if this is a I don't know it's maybe I'm Maybe I'm being too paranoid. It just feels like the fact that there is no account for

Matthias Miller  39:15
the full rent.

Speaker 4  39:19
No, I like it. I like the idea of logging it because the adjustment type, that's the that's where forgiven and that's where forgiven is used, right, right, yeah, so early payoff discount is just, uh, moving the same direction as something like forgiven. And I know what you're saying about it, inviting us like just having the rental fee be less and just it's it's existence as less being the only thing really telling us that it's an early payment that sounds like something client scope would do, and we should not do that. So, yeah.

Matthias Miller  40:00
I put the key on the bus, turn on the ignition, back up, speed up, go ahead. I was just saying absolutely steeped in the licensing. RG, so that's of the worst. Hey, it's getting much better. Good. I'm excited. That's off. Anyway, Dwayne can stop paying us to talk about client skill. There's a badge of some kind of war hero badge for that. Okay, so Dwayne, this satisfies the well, we might still want to hide the RG anyway, but it certainly addresses

Speaker 1  40:44
at least, at least permission level hide the RG because, I mean, nobody but a high level admin really needs to stick their nose in here.

Matthias Miller  40:56
And so I think, I think the biggest thing is just a fair warning, I'm relatively happy to wash my hands of the matter. But you guys may run into fun issues when it comes to reporting. In condensing, when you have a for certain types of reports, if it's an EPO in condensing, you know, collapsing the EPO discount into the B column or something like that. So what's, what's

Speaker 1  41:25
the, what's the argument for collapsing it, if it potentially, it's going to give us problems. If we're going to hide the RG anyway, why not just have the whole entire breakout?

Matthias Miller  41:37
No, I mean, so this thing

Unknown Speaker  41:42
when you

Matthias Miller  41:44
when you report, anytime you show a report, the problem is that anytime you're dealing with numbers, you're going to have to consider EPO, whether it's EPO or not. And I think using this approach is less likely to error in calculation, and it potentially makes reporting a little bit more difficult, but not substantially. I don't know if I'm even being you guys can explain that really, I think it might actually be easier to, well, I don't know. I was gonna say it might be easier to handle than having a whole bunch of grows for reporting side of things. Because if we if it's off, then it's gonna be dramatically off, and we should be able to trace it down quickly, right?

Speaker 4  42:40
Yeah, I don't see it being massively more difficult, or really fundamentally any more difficult than having a bunch of rows, because maybe a bunch of rows, you have to roll stuff up anyways, so you have that to gain if it's all in one place, yep.

Matthias Miller  42:56
And it's incredibly easy to identify whether a period is an EPO, whether, right, yeah, super, super simple. Okay, good. We are going to push ahead with this approach and mock data up accordingly and and, as a side note, you should have income statement. Now we actually have income. Let's go.

Unknown Speaker  43:30
Isn't that easy to become profitable?

Speaker 1  43:32
It is that. It is that easy. It only took us like two or three sessions to get this to this point.

Unknown Speaker  43:40
So it's that easy to become profitable. Well,

Matthias Miller  43:42
yeah, costing isn't the anyway. Oh, we ignore costing. It makes your profits look a lot better. I know it is. Taxes are higher. It's the worst thing. All right, sweet. I was just thinking, are we going to want to link accounting company, rental company or not? If you have multi event that's future, so we don't have to worry about not before the expo? I'm just my report is just literally worth putting financial accounts and stuff. Yeah, okay. It was just something that popped into my mind when I saw the mind when I saw the account, but we should, yeah, okay, yeah, All right, dun, dun, dun, dun. So this means that means our EPO.

Unknown Speaker  45:00
Review, adjustment,

Unknown Speaker  45:17
well, what, um?

Matthias Miller  45:24
We need.

Speaker 1  45:35
I have this sneaking suspicion, from now until four o'clock, when I need to drop off, I'm not going to be any much to any help to you as you build this out rate to push these EPOS in.

Matthias Miller  45:46
Yeah, let's get a clear picture of next steps on this thing. Um, we need to get EPOS we need to get EPOS in. We need to

Unknown Speaker  46:02
pay off just account pay payouts are straightforward, right?

Matthias Miller  46:06
That's right. Payments. Payouts should just work. The main thing is that we need to determine when it gets paid out so that we can expense it out at that point.

Speaker 1  46:15
Right? That now I imagine me to have some conversation around retrievals or returns. I don't think we don't think I did it. I specified any as returns, or maybe I did. I don't remember, but I imagine it's some form or fashion we need to handle those, although I think, I think the whole EPO things the most complex one.

Matthias Miller  46:43
Okay, so the retrieval. I think the biggest thing is on the retrieval. How do we on the return of retrieval? How do we determine the date upon which that was executed?

Speaker 1  47:02
Well, in the future, that will be determined by the closing of a retrieval task, or Yeah, or a transit task, I should say. But at this point, I

Speaker 1  47:28
mean, as as far as where, how do we determine that at this point, we're just going to make up a point

Matthias Miller  47:39
and just say, assume that it got retrieved, like we truncate the history at some point. And I really

Matthias Miller  47:58
don't this isn't too much throwaway stuff in the expo, but,

Speaker 1  48:05
well, I don't, I mean, yes, a bunch of it's throw away, but it's, I

Unknown Speaker  48:10
think we're

Speaker 1  48:14
it's revealing, well, it's revealing some of the cracks in our foundation as we go along as well.

Matthias Miller  48:18
Yes, it definitely is. It absolutely is. So it's,

Speaker 1  48:22
it's, it's, like, this whole exercise is going to happen either now and we're going to figure all this stuff out now, or when we start loading in real data, and then, and then we're gonna have to figure it

Matthias Miller  48:32
out. Yeah, I agree.

Unknown Speaker  48:35
I agree. So in that regard, it's not throwaway work.

Matthias Miller  48:39
And then, and then the next piece would be, once that happens, we can do costing balance sheet we Have, we now have security deposits and CRA showing up.

Matthias Miller  49:04
We have a okay, we need to push in payments. Push

Speaker 1  49:15
them in from an accounting standpoint, I thought you did push transactions.

Matthias Miller  49:18
No. Well, I have transactions, but now and I have transactions, transactions have IDs, but we got to link those IDs out to actual payment records so that they are,

Unknown Speaker  49:29
yeah, that makes sense, yeah.

Matthias Miller  49:33
And I think it's

Speaker 1  49:35
all right, well, so I guess here's my question. I don't know. Am I going to have any value on staying on here?

Matthias Miller  49:43
No, I don't think so. I think I think what we can do, do you want to talk at? I think I think it would be free earlier tomorrow, if you like,

Speaker 1  49:59
tomorrow. Is when day I have, as far as tomorrow, you have a 130 on currently, and I have nothing else booked for the day. I mean, I've got other work to be done. If it whatever, whatever you don't, whatever you decide not to take up. I'm going to fill with other things that I got to get done.

Matthias Miller  50:24
So let's all right. I'll jump off. I'll see how far we get. I might ping you around 11. I'm just going to put in question marks and send it your way. And let's see where we're at, see how far we got.

Unknown Speaker  50:43
Good, awesome. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai