Unknown Speaker  00:25
Hey there so Al

Unknown Speaker  01:03
Have you heard for bellows? Balloon coils?

Speaker 1  01:06
I have heard nothing specifically see I think it was on a call with faith builders a bit earlier or with or about I'm not sure which

Unknown Speaker  01:31
one you there's

Speaker 1  01:51
think it was one about their stuff with Ben

Matthias Miller  02:03
be somewhere in there we're doing get rolling. I don't know that we need to we're

Unknown Speaker  02:15
sure Oh, okay, you just message

Matthias Miller  02:28
all right. So just to give you a little bit of an update as far as where priorities are at top priorities are in billing, basically an AR including billing management. And credit and collections and cash management, kind of being the big buckets. I don't think there's much that impacts you within here. But yeah, there's I don't know, it's just kind of a heads up whether you're also running into constraints on the payroll side, I'll just start to roughly and for example, we're gonna have to sign a contract at the end of the month, if you want to hit her January 1 deadline. If we go with them, so I'm going to try to get a details out to the client to mark about that. But

Speaker 1  03:32
sure, we can. So what is the so how does that work as a blocker? Or

Matthias Miller  03:43
the main thing is, the main thing is if we we didn't decide how we're going to do payroll employees. For us, the main thing is your how much you want to have automated and etc. I think we I think we went we're still aiming to do paperwork or replaying or theoretically even gusto, but rippling appears to be a funded startup that is hungry for users. And are willing to negotiate on price you get market share, and negotiate them down if you really want to. So that's Yeah, that's probably the biggest thing is just getting payroll into a manageable state that integrates well and doesn't create a whole bunch of headache Sure.

Speaker 2  04:46
Once a risk that rippling is gonna change API's and stuff and disappear in two years.

Matthias Miller  04:51
I don't know. Yeah, I'm gonna be checking in with the board as well, but sure, Yep

Matthias Miller  05:06
so that was big picture is focuses on basically on accounts receivable and subsections of that. And Josh and Mark, Drew and I are talking Wednesday morning, I think we're probably a lot closer than what we thought we were but okay, it's still. That's, that's kind of the big rails. So I, yeah, we did end up getting derailed a bit on payroll stuff. And so I think we're kind of planning to shake loose from that was some time this cycle, because we weren't sure exactly what we wanted to do. But that's where we're at. stuff in my court. So I guess just running through running through this stuff. Verification thing is deferred. But that's waiting restrictions on extra material cost, I think is coded just requires testing and not really chasing much testing and documentation stuff right now. Heroin withholding tax is subject to change depending on payroll providers, and with switch to gusto. Probably simpler, probably some imports and exports are based basically some exports from from assist. And then an Excel file where they're going to treat the either transaction import or just manually input the transaction into into assists based on what needs to happen as far as Sure.

Matthias Miller  06:56
adding support for write off sales order write offs, which is mostly done. I'll be working with drew on that on Wednesday. rippling which we discussed stripe accounting impact it's waiting on Josh waiting to hear hear back from Josh and some discrepancies and I need to get with Dwayne on a workflow for I need to do some research into Dwayne on workflow for me for handling manually entered transactions. In short, they're using a third party sales tool and taking straight down payments through that. And so those stripe transfer payments will have to be manually inputted by the back office team and applied to the correct sales order. Okay. So the closet process is waiting on my design, check printing Yikes. So waiting on me here on modular counting impacts it's actually pretty good things aren't going away. The way it's looking now. That's in their court to third party payroll have this the same thing as Yeah, the gussto thing really gussto is now that payroll savings remainders, this one may actually end up being necessary in the same way. So billing management, that

Speaker 3  08:27
yeah, I was gonna say I think Mark's work plan is basically under that as a proposal. I just didn't want to choose those.

Matthias Miller  08:39
Got it. The only piece really here is well, there's a lot of interesting stuff really like rent to own company becomes billable to an RTO building becomes billable to the rent to own company etc. That needs to be handled. We are we are in a position where I'm in a position where we need to say no to like we're doing billing management and we're solving everything in billing. And we're not handling support questions. So we can actually get billing management done or something like that. I don't know exactly how to split my time but it's it's hitting an inordinate amount of complexity and you can't i can't juggle. I can juggle both things but not a dozen things.

Speaker 2  09:40
So credits and collections is that we're building out a call center with guns are what

Unknown Speaker  09:48
that's about right.

Speaker 2  09:52
So much, so much money attached and is such a mess item. It's a it's a nasty business credit

Matthias Miller  09:59
symptom. collections actually isn't RDA related. But okay, perfect. But yeah, it was a little industry to be in.

Unknown Speaker  10:11
Because you never listened to Dave Ramsey.

Matthias Miller  10:16
Yeah, there are people who make very good arguments for why RTO is actually good for people. Richard Miller has an interesting podcast on this. Okay. And you can argue both sides. Totally fair that's not inside that. Yeah. So now, they don't have repossessions because it's never theirs to start with, they have a retrieval, which is simply moving it moving our buildings from your property to our property. So there's that. Guns in sheriff's are sometimes involved.

Matthias Miller  11:01
Let's see. Cash Management handling payments for mobile. Pos. It's a significant one for me reporting for handwritten so ID that's future. It's not urgent, we'll build it when we needed clarification. When we looked at the invoicing process, it's waiting on Dwayne, I don't know if there's anything for me to do. I'm not really pushing the chase anything but somebody should probably make sure everybody's doing their job. Still date. That's how that marks chords. Payments, received payments process and deposit process remains. The main things receive payments Process is partially underway, but it requires financing and deposit processes done getting their financing or do is we're actually making progress and financing and our to the write offs are actually the significant part of that. So with financing, you may get you financed $5,000, you may get $5,075 back where $75 is a kickback from giving them a good customer. Or you might get 4000 or $4,950. Back or $50 is your fee for financing. So I think with the write offs, it's pretty, pretty straightforward.

Matthias Miller  12:29
This one that's interesting, we can ignore county module, we've got a few things that showed up. This one,

Unknown Speaker  12:39
a lot of stuff for Joel under there.

Matthias Miller  12:42
Yeah, this is where we will be transactions, basically sounds like it was designed. But sorry, let's take a step back in all of this. I don't know who should establish priorities. I think if there are small things that can make the client's life substantially easier, and we have development capacity for it, that's probably nice. But there's also limited brain space for

Speaker 1  13:19
right. Sure. So my operating assumption has been that most of this takes precedence over cash flow statement. Is that correct? I mean, does it Okay, better sections on income statement? I think it's further down yet but that the newer stuff does fall into that small and it makes life better right now I know category.

Matthias Miller  13:57
I would say we did transactions is smaller makes life better but I don't know how big of a deal that is. Custom warning is one of those things where if we don't do it now we're never going to do it. That's why we want to do it now. But if we never do it, so yeah, never reconciled process seems to be getting in the way of them testing, including substantial headache.

Unknown Speaker  14:20
That's a big deal.

Unknown Speaker  14:22
Yeah. So we

Matthias Miller  14:23
keep in some of that stuff you had some complaints about and I was like, Can you please give me some specifics? You're not telling me what company what transactions what period and what account like a general problems. I don't know what the problem is.

Speaker 1  14:38
I'll have some question. Some drill on questions on reconcile at some point they might not need to happen in this meeting.

Matthias Miller  14:45
Okay. Let's see if we can make time for that cash flow statement. This one, your drill is a duplicate. Okay, there's 2487 Really? There is okay. I'll duplicate that. And also the cash flow statement is here twice.

Unknown Speaker  15:09
Okay. Except

Matthias Miller  15:13
the restrictions on income statement is just making their life nice. I don't really care about that. I don't think screen counting work at this time settings that was done in Excel hasn't been tested

Speaker 1  15:35
and may well be waiting for review. Like, no, it's

Unknown Speaker  15:38
testing is complete. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  15:40
brilliant. All right, I like that.

Speaker 2  15:47
And the fields have changed is I mean, if there's anything that's broken that you should know

Speaker 4  15:57
close that account import, not working by 44. Okay.

Speaker 2  16:02
And close out a 358. The Account Settings Yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:07
Okay. Yep. Cool. There, we're getting into documentation that needs to happen. It's basically spinach that we're saving for later. Putting asset management documentation proposal, etc, etc. Some of these

Speaker 2  16:23
guys might be, by the way. I'm not sure but I thought maybe we documented Oh, documented, I see. No, maybe not documented

Speaker 2  16:44
so looking at this, I mean, it looks like Audra has a full time helping you figure out project management on your side of things. I mean, you are you really have everything on your shoulders Matthias congratulations. But what what is on Joel's plate it can be easily filtered down and say this is these are the things on those plate because I think in some ways triaging that might be as good as anything. I'm gonna hop off before long unless I'm greatly valuable but I think I might be valuable for some of that.

Speaker 3  17:19
Now that's fine. Yeah. Team tasks Matthias I can make one specifically for Joel but if you just filter down where you just were on that drop down on the reporting list. Oh, this Yes, that one yeah. Right under that as team tasks got it. And then I already expanded okay.

Matthias Miller  17:47
Okay, so improve reconcile process I guess that's that seems to be priority number one right? Sure. We were

Matthias Miller  18:07
I don't know where to freeware.

Speaker 2  18:10
Let me just take a look at this. So okay, so well first of all, there's there's the candidate that we can ignore the cash flow one because then there's another cash flow one and there is the we've got two different improved reconcile so we can ignore that this will keep I mean, think about the top one. Better sections is later way to transactions feels. Feels like it? I mean, it doesn't sound like it's super hard to fix

Speaker 1  18:37
will and I think it I think we've got a spec for Bangladesh. Got it already. So perfect.

Speaker 2  18:49
Yeah. And is that is it for sure. In the queue in the change request queue for Bangladesh. You want to click into the that things changed. Look at that one there. Yep, that change request.

Unknown Speaker  19:01
Do I not have the links or more information?

Unknown Speaker  19:04
Maybe okay.

Speaker 1  19:07
Now that's probably my bad, which at some point I should talk with someone to get an orientation about what There you go, how the change requests relate to product changes. Talk

Unknown Speaker  19:24
to me. Yeah, it's in the queue. It is a

Speaker 2  19:37
is it assigned to Bangladesh Fisher? Are we ready?

Speaker 1  19:46
Okay, okay. You know what, I just wrote this up. And it should actually be relinked with that other product change, I

Unknown Speaker  19:56
think, this way. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  20:04
No

Unknown Speaker  20:11
Okay Yes that one

Matthias Miller  20:19
this one link to a missile is not going to change request rate

Unknown Speaker  20:23
right I believe

Unknown Speaker  20:26
30 years

Speaker 2  20:28
Yeah, yeah. Right there and then I usually put the link at the top of the of the memo as well just like yeah yep. And then copy the link from the top of the memo over to the other one yep

Speaker 2  20:52
yep, so Matthias you wanna move the link across the the freedom

Unknown Speaker  20:58
Oh, this guy I get it. Yeah, sorry.

Speaker 2  21:03
And they didn't really delete you can delete the line that says after saving this PC company ID back onto the change request that's like something we need to keep forever okay, there you go. That's like now

Speaker 2  21:18
and the on the change in the change request is well if it's underway wait the change request is assigned to code house that's part of the problem that's why I never I don't see it there you go. Bangladesh

Matthias Miller  21:33
right yep there we go. So really what we need to do is the other issue

Unknown Speaker  21:56
it's tiny

Matthias Miller  22:04
so we're saying it to myself we should we be settings part of the issue

Matthias Miller  22:25
ah got it Yep. Perfect. The SEC IBD and then when I write these ones I don't know exactly how we want to do this

Unknown Speaker  22:55
No, no we just do this

Unknown Speaker  23:15
Sure, I love

Unknown Speaker  23:37
yep

Matthias Miller  23:43
that way we can at least it's still assigned to me, but at least it'll show up in your queue. Yeah. Excellent. Yeah. Okay. So that when

Unknown Speaker  24:01
Josh says he's free

Matthias Miller  24:05
Well, I'm gonna have questions for him if he's if he is free. So we're counting on fixing the reconcile process and then the voided transaction and I think then we're back to cash flows again and back to the better income statement and stuff.

Speaker 5  24:40
Good, good. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  24:47
Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  24:48
Okay.

Matthias Miller  24:51
I will. Josh, I want to chat with you about stuff but I think that covers it. Joe, you're welcome to hang around if you want to hang around. Just about this. Hold it.

Unknown Speaker  25:04
Okay. See.

Speaker 1  25:06
All right, thanks, Matthias should I connect with you via email about? Okay. Well, the basic question is are we okay with switching the reconcile, report back to affirmative save. And when you save, we update the bottom pane. The alternative, the alternative is you have instant save. And it the pain on the bottom reflects modification state and minus one

Matthias Miller  25:54
right. I am pretty comfortable

Matthias Miller  26:06
life thing I am pretty comfortable making the change and seeing if he screams. Sure. So if you guys would just be like, oh, sorry, then change it back.

Speaker 1  26:25
I mean, well, I would say oh, sorry. We can either give you this weirdly legged number. Or perhaps we can spend a week or maybe Josh says it's an hour

Unknown Speaker  26:45
and give you current numbers in the bottom pane is your arrow around.

Matthias Miller  26:56
Or all you have to really do is hit the down arrow though. Don't use a trigger to save which then triggers though.

Speaker 1  27:03
Okay, so your check looks more can you check reconciles on a given row, you hit the down arrow. We update the bottom pane. And then we save the record

Matthias Miller  27:22
okay. Yeah, we switch it and then we apologize if it doesn't like it. We say Well, here's our option

Speaker 1  27:34
so, okay, cool. I mean, if we're okay with that for now. I'm good. Yeah. And I don't think I need to hear you guys's problem solving unless you think I should for some reason.

Unknown Speaker  27:55
troubles of hearing.

Unknown Speaker  27:58
All right. Thank you. All right.

Matthias Miller  28:02
Good, right. Yeah. Thanks. Yep. All right. So I think Josh, the main thing I want to talk about is about stripe stuff at this point can we achieve any philosophical objection to giving dean's office a way to I don't know be an X 30 or something I don't know adding stripe payments to a sales order using a specific product ID

Speaker 5  28:38
know right now they have a way to just run a stripe chart and that's how they're doing things and I think if we just change it to

Unknown Speaker  28:49
it's coming to the shadow

Speaker 5  28:59
Okay, think about that. Well, we just started including the transaction ID so there's the the if we get the transaction ID Yeah, so we just changed up how to do it so that we can link refunds together okay yeah, so I can look at what it would take happy to happy to talk it through but it's like they start with different things there's like a Oh I came up with the old ones were the new ones are using is like key x n underscore something

Matthias Miller  29:40
and they're already copying pasting the wrong stripe IDs in somewhere like they're using the stripe there's a stripe, like an authorization or something like that. And then a stripe payments. And so they're copying the wrong ID over already. I mean trouble. Is that something Do you want to chase with them?

Speaker 5  30:02
Sure, I can chase that. Yeah, I think we ought to talk about whiskey thing that you put your ID and I figured, like it, like figures out how to go from there. And, and, and does the right thing

Unknown Speaker  30:21
I don't know what the problem is. But the solution is whiskey.

Matthias Miller  30:29
I mean, I liked the idea of them being able to paint stamp, whatever, ID that nobody gets hands on. We figure out what exactly needs to go in there.

Speaker 5  30:36
I think I think we have the best shot that way. Yeah. Because then we'd go query stripe.

Unknown Speaker  30:47
I agree. All right. Makes me happy.

Unknown Speaker  30:54
Sir, I need to write that down.

Unknown Speaker  31:10
You said the Shut up.

Matthias Miller  31:12
Yeah, shut up. And I think this happens. I mean, this may happen any other number of ways. For some reason? I don't know why else would happen. But that's the predominant business reason for this happening.

Speaker 5  31:29
Yeah, I mean, I think a couple of days, I looked and saw them running charges be the admin portal, and then set doesn't get linked up, right. So every periodically, I come here and look at this thing again and find more things that are wrong and fix everything that I see. So what we're trying to pay

Matthias Miller  31:44
attention to it's like, there is this weird thing where the system created an entry on a sales order. That didn't specify theme.

Unknown Speaker  32:00
Yeah, I think can I see that one?

Matthias Miller  32:09
So neither of these have fees. But if we go back into modification history this one like?

Speaker 5  32:27
Yeah, I think this is the story. This is the story that they were they do it for the whiskey. It records it here. But it doesn't it. Somewhere along the line, probably request maybe we started tracking fees that dutifully did it during the checkout process and did not do it during the crate. Crate charge thing. So I totally forgot about it. Once I started trying to track this down, I was like, oh, yeah, we had this other stripe called don't we? Good point. Sounds good. So I think this should have gone live. We can before I think, but this is the 16th that it happened.

Matthias Miller  33:11
Let's see which ones we have here. The 22nd. We have another one. That's

Unknown Speaker  33:18
I just didn't take the code live. I took the chase that.

Unknown Speaker  33:24
Okay. Sounds good.

Matthias Miller  33:35
And then I think this is okay. So the update on payroll mark is getting scoped drastically. We're going to split for payroll provider that allows us to do basically do Excel imports and exports. And we're going to export payroll, tax amounts, etc, etc. And they will come up with your own accounting entries that they need to create based off of that. And maybe six months from now we'll automate it more, maybe not. There's a slight chance we'll need a little bit of API integration because most theory vendors do not expect you to change employees rates on a weekly basis. Okay, but I'm still working through applications. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 5  34:17
I'm happy to whatever integrations I have, like, I started attacking gusto with gusto. And so do their crankiness.

Matthias Miller  34:28
So two, two salespeople with rip link, both of them were like, Yeah, we came over from gusto. So whatever that means.

Unknown Speaker  34:38
rippling

Unknown Speaker  34:40
rippling Yeah. So

Unknown Speaker  34:46
cool. So is this where they're going with

Matthias Miller  34:50
don't know yet? Either this or paycor ls LS was worried that this is a startup and what if they disappear? I think they're well funded, and they're buying up market share very aggressive. Really. So that's the story on them. Their API documentation is terrible, but I think it could do whatever they need to. And they're willing to bend over backwards to make it work over backwards, including bending price to sign up users, which is what makes me think that you're heavily funded certifying a market share. So pay corner is probably the other main option to take a look at.

Unknown Speaker  35:32
So, and we'll switch over to them. Yes. Cool. Okay. Cool. Are there other outstanding things you're expecting for me?

Matthias Miller  35:50
That besides I will see you in St. o'clock Wednesday morning. And we're going to talk about AR stuff. So

Unknown Speaker  36:01
sounds good. Being there at eight o'clock? I

Matthias Miller  36:08
think it's more than safer for me to hear. I don't think there's anything there's anything else. I did add a, I did add a link to source record for the accounting event where we got a dictionary list mapping the event to the database level and just stitching up a URL, so they did find the sources. So that's about it.

Speaker 5  36:32
Okay, good. All right. Let me know if anything else. Thank you, sir. Great. Well, thanks, Josh.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai