Matthias Miller  00:00
Whatever you recording me, yes, I am anything you, you say, can it will be used against you?

Speaker 1  00:19
Stop right next. Oh, are you? I

Matthias Miller  00:34
Oh. People I think that'd be the worst people to work for. I mean, your bottom of the food chain to start with, but I think you're working with those people. Hey, hey.

Speaker 2  00:52
Okay, so here's the deal. Every month mark has me go through and look at FGI numbers and spotting for standard costs that the percentage is does not align with the normal district percentage. I don't quite understand why some of these buildings on their standard costs actually calculate wrong. Well,

Matthias Miller  01:12
that would be good to figure it out. It seems like but, but

Speaker 2  01:15
there's always, there's always, like, a handful of these guys that just need to be updated. And normally, I just go through, highlight them and update them off that report. But I want and for whatever reason, this time, I went spotting for if anything was frozen first, when I found this one that I sent to you where there was already a line item that was already the actual costs were updated and frozen. Okay, and then I'm like, Well, if I just repopulate this thing, I'm assuming that cleans out all of that actual costs. So hence the question,

Matthias Miller  01:48
but can you, do you have a link to your report?

Speaker 2  01:50
Yeah, well, it's the same one that I had sent to you before. No, and I am currently using Who am I in? I am in Indiana, so normally I run, run the prior month. So I'm in the month of December, and then I'll just go to the raw materials column, and I just sort it so that anything that's out of whack appears either at the top of the bottom. So their normal percentage is 38% then if you sort that column, you'll see there's some that are higher, and there some that are lower.

Matthias Miller  02:23
So this is for December of 24th Correct.

Matthias Miller  02:33
Okay, so,

Speaker 2  02:39
and there's a number in this list that the production labor is already frozen, and now I don't know if there's, like, if I was to clean that out, is there a process that reruns and actually would, would rewrite that or not?

Matthias Miller  02:55
No, because the other things are going to be me. I don't know. Drew can maybe you can make, you could maybe unfreeze them and have drew rerun that it's as long as you rerun it with the same numbers. I think it should all work fine. Probably, I'm not sure. No No freezing. That is, is a completely different thing. Why were they frozen? Were they frozen automatically?

Unknown Speaker  03:25
The system did it so I'm assuming it was an

Matthias Miller  03:28
import. No, if you repopulate, it'll refreeze that road that that that row is, is a honey honey Bill uses frozen production labor here. Come on. Not have, I don't know if I can hang on Zoom does not have permission to share screen, I don't think. But if you, if you pull up that building that you that you gave, yep, and you just uncheck and recheck the Populate check box. It works,

Speaker 2  04:15
okay, so, so it does respect the freeze. Then

Matthias Miller  04:19
the Well, there's two reasons why it might be frozen. Reason number one is the builders configure, configured on a fixed labor rate, in which case, yes, we will. The other option is some other key reason like you, you go, I guess raw material. Frozen raw material is more likely to be an issue, although it could be labor. And you've had this weird building where the customer asked for something really wonky, and so they said, Ah, we're going to assign extra labor, extra material, to this one, and then freeze it. In those cases, it won't restore it.

Matthias Miller  04:58
Okay? So one thing. You could do if you wanted to change your subset is, if it's frozen, see whether the frozen, whether, whether the percentage frozen, back the actual cost, dollar amount matches the frozen percentage defined on the builder, and if so, you know you're okay rewriting it.

Unknown Speaker  05:19
Okay. Say that one more time.

Matthias Miller  05:21
Go in your subset where you're you, if it's frozen, then go look up the the look up the rate, and calculate the dollar value. And if the dollar value of the frozen row is equal to the currently calculated value for that row, then you're connect and it's configured to be frozen in the settings, Then you could safely clearly populate the breakdown

Matthias Miller  05:57
like I do you still have your frozen subset in here?

Unknown Speaker  06:07
What do you mean?

Matthias Miller  06:11
You check to exclude frozen item items of frozen rose

Speaker 2  06:17
in that report? No. Well, okay, so it's the, it's a column, if you all the way to the right on, so the the raw materials, production, labor, like the production label, freeze, is that what you're talking about? Yeah, it's just a column of yes, no, columns.

Matthias Miller  06:40
Got it? God, um,

Unknown Speaker  06:53
I think, I think for

Matthias Miller  06:54
purpose of

Speaker 2  06:56
what I that I'm looking at, if all three are checked, yes, then I know that somebody has done it most likely. But

Matthias Miller  07:03
we can also production, labor, freeze. Let's do this. Sign, font, format equals, if, Loc, FGI, Val, I

Unknown Speaker  07:53
remember,

Matthias Miller  07:58
here we Go. Give me one second. Let me update. Let me update some columns here so we have three raw materials,

Matthias Miller  08:16
production overhead. Okay, refresh your report. Okay. This shows when the freeze checkbox does not match the configuration. Do you see the ones at the bottom there are

Speaker 2  08:39
bright red? Oh, gotcha. Okay, yeah, those are ones that were all manually updated, so everything else could theoretically be updated. Is what you're saying, anything

Matthias Miller  08:48
that doesn't, anything that doesn't have red

Unknown Speaker  08:52
in it, gotcha. Okay, that's super helpful.

Matthias Miller  08:56
And basically what we're doing is we're saying, Does the frozen checkbox match the settings on the relevant settings, and if somebody checked or unchecked the frozen then you're going to run into,

Speaker 2  09:12
okay, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, yeah, and I just updated a whole bunch of it respects the production labor freeze. Perfect. All right, that's awesome. Perfect, good. Thank you, sir, Yep,

Matthias Miller  09:23
thanks. Bye, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai