Matthias Miller  00:00
That's, yeah, What's your schedule like? When do you want chat here?

Speaker 1  00:09
Meeting around 7pm my time.

Matthias Miller  00:18
Sure enough. So I paid he it's like he wanted, like, 897, or something. Okay, the access leader this afternoon. I guess the big thing is, I am mildly freaking out over here, but we'll figure we'll figure this thing out. The I have a limited amount of well, okay, so here's, here's short term, like the near cash right now is, go renew my contract with my former software company employer, and go put in billable hours for that, and get in as much of that as I can, and use that to hopefully insulate from all the other contractions that are happening.

Matthias Miller  01:26
I have sales call tomorrow with a retailer. We'll see what he's got to say. I The dealer I had been talking to you earlier that Josh said was probably not a good bit. I messaged him earlier. He hasn't gotten back. I've got a discovery the works. I'm talking to them tomorrow as well, a discovery that may have grossly under charged, well, I don't know, under maximize the available money. So we'll see how that goes. So biggest questions in my mind are, to me, it doesn't make a lot of sense to be spending a lot of time be

Matthias Miller  02:20
spending a lot of time prospecting right now, until I get get access to these tools and I just start following up directly from there. And the

Speaker 1  02:34
phone went a little bit present right there. It does not make sense to do it until what was the item after the end,

Matthias Miller  02:40
so later this afternoon, when I get access to the high level account. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  02:45
yeah, okay, yep.

Matthias Miller  02:49
Once I've got that, I can be on a daily cadence of scraping phone numbers and sending them out, which means that I might actually have my first real lead gen in the history of my business, which is that's awesome, really

Unknown Speaker  03:09
awesome

Matthias Miller  03:12
kind of, kind of humbling at the same

Unknown Speaker  03:16
time it is, yes, I agree, yep.

Matthias Miller  03:22
So then the other thing too, is on the partnership angle, I am a little hesitant to, I mean, if it is literally a partnership, it could be something with upside I don't know how to hold people's feet to the fire saying, Look, you go implement this system. Your close rates are going to go up. And how do I hold their feet to the fire to make sure they actually do it? Because if

Speaker 1  03:59
they don't, I'm out two and a half things or more cross my mind. First, you tell me if I'm wrong. And actually, I have been fuzzy on this. So really open to correction. I believe that when Carson says, uh, you know, hey, I'm Jim, obviously, I'm looking for a set coming to partner up with, I think that's mostly, or can be mostly verbiage. In other words, this is a sales call. I am here to sell you something, but I know that if I say Hi, I'm Jim, I want to sell you something, you're going to slam the phone down. So instead, I say, Hey, I'm looking for people to partner up with, just to keep you on the line a second longer. And that said, if you take that approach, I think you can then proceed to pretty much describe what you're going to sell them and the RE and then if, by any chance, there's, like, some open loop that's not closed because of the partnership, you. Comment, which is not a bad thing in of itself, but you could then say, well, I'm very choosy with who I work with. That's why I say partner up I work. So this is probably the 15th time I told you that I wasted all year trying to sell this GHL automated droid, SMS marketing thing. The guy who sold me that was a former student of Mike Rhodes Perry's co author. He's a pretty smart guy, Dan, and he endlessly hammers the idea that we, those of us, selling the system should I'm trying to think how to say it quickly and concisely, but basically, should hold the positioning that we, the seller, are not subservient to you, the client, as if we were just an employee, just a freelancer, just a vendor. We are running a business with a proven system that has immense value to us. And Dan will literally when coaching us students, at least, I don't know that he's ever necessarily said this to some prospects faith, but Dan will literally say, we are equals, we are partners. I'm going to help you make a million and you're gonna give me half of that million, and if you don't like that, no problem. I'm gonna go work with somebody else, and you're missing out on half a million. And so I think the comment about partnering is not necessarily trying to create some new single business arrangement. I think it's mostly about authority positioning, am I so far? Yep. The other thing is, and so you kind of touched on this there. There would be nothing wrong with charging on a JV basis, rev share, basis, percentage basis, cost per lead basis, if you want to, I just don't personally think that's the best and easiest way to get started. I would, I would wait for that a little bit longer. So this is kind of a variation of what we said the other day. Do I want $1,500 a month to run their Google ads. Yes, I do. But should we start at 500 and work our way up? Sure? Why not? We're new. We'll learn something. And so whatever it is you want to sell these guys, I'm loosely assuming it's either the ODBC or the little group membership thing we're putting together. Let's just start with a no brainer offer, even in the context of a partnership, if partnership means filtering and positioning, we can still call it partnership. And then let's start with the pricing being a no brainer offer, and we can get all fancy and sophisticated with that at another time, right? Am I answering your question? Yep, makes sense. Awesome. All right, what is so specifically for the lead that cars can is pulling in with this partnership, text message. What? What is the item you want to sell them? Is it the new membership, or is it the whole ODBC system?

Matthias Miller  08:25
Well, I don't think most of them are. I mean, the one that I looked at today is they're not ready for that.

Unknown Speaker  08:34
They're not ready for the ODBC.

Matthias Miller  08:36
They may not even have a CRM, sure so, one question for you, for local ad campaigns, what's the minimum ad spend you they should be looking at?

Speaker 1  08:58
It's gonna be really tough. If it's less than 1000 per channel, we can do we can literally set it up and run it for less, but the results are going to be pretty inconsistent, and, I'm going to guess, pretty unsatisfactory. Okay, and per channel means Google 1000s of Google, 1000 for Facebook, yep, and they do not have to do both. If they only want to do one. We're going to start with Facebook. And I think it should be made clear that, generally speaking, Facebook leads are cheaper, meaning they're going to get more leads for their $1,000 but they're also lower quality,

Matthias Miller  09:43
which is exactly want

Unknown Speaker  09:46
to drive a mix. Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  09:47
I would advise, I would advise, I would personally advise them to start with Google. It's high intent for somebody who doesn't have a strong marketing system. And may not be top 1% salesperson. Why would you give you give them anything except ready to close leads.

Speaker 1  10:09
Okay, and of course, even Google's not guaranteed to be ready to close, but they are

Matthias Miller  10:16
tired. They should, yep, I would be telling them ready to close exaggerating the difference. Okay, I want to hear your opinion. If you disagree.

Speaker 1  10:34
I don't disagree. I think what's running through my head is that at $1,000 a month on Google, it's likely to be pretty few, and I'm afraid that the few will lead to a sense of dissatisfaction. But I can't, I can't prove that either.

Matthias Miller  10:51
Well, let's say it's, let's say it's $25 a lead, which is what we've been seeing here. Let's say that. I mean, hopefully we can get it done a little bit from that, but let's say it is.

Unknown Speaker  11:01
It's where have you seen? Where have you seen? 20

Matthias Miller  11:05
in our area? That's what they're running.

Speaker 1  11:08
Okay, I lost the data, but my off the top recollection is that we're at $40 a lead with true point. Does that sound right to you? It's

Matthias Miller  11:16
possible, but else, yeah, it's possible. But I also think that if we had been buying a little we could have been picking stuff off the top at a lower lead cost. So again, okay, let's say it is, let's say it is 40. That's 25 leads, 10% close rate on these is two to three buildings, two buildings times two buildings times 6000 is 12,010% commission is 1600 so They are economically even, that's really been making more than but I'm not sure it's probably somewhere from 10 to 15.

Unknown Speaker  12:10
Is that bad math? Mean that we ate up all the profit?

Matthias Miller  12:16
I think it's getting pretty close, if they only close at 10%

Unknown Speaker  12:22
Hmm? Interesting.

Matthias Miller  12:30
It's usually using kind of soft sales numbers.

Matthias Miller  12:41
I mean, if you sell them, you sell them at $500 I mean, it just depends with like, but you shouldn't start them with, let's go down this route. You shouldn't start them with, with selling them ads. You should start them with, let's get you better at closing your current

Speaker 1  13:06
and reactivating. I agree quite strongly, yes. And then

Matthias Miller  13:10
at the point that we're proving that they're getting a 10% you know, 15% close, then it's easy to go back to them with numbers saying,

Unknown Speaker  13:21
well, that here's the fire,

Matthias Miller  13:24
here's here's what we reasonably believe is worst case scenario. Obviously, we could be mistaken, but we believe it's worst case scenario. Worst case scenario is to get some i a worst case scenario, we need to, well, worst case scenario, you're going to break even. You're not going to lose money. No thanks. I mean, you could, because we can't guarantee this, but we don't think you will. Best case scenario you put money in pocket. And if that's the best case scenario, keep scaling up from there. Yeah, I've got a way to actually bring more people on the door. And I say, if I've got the presence of mind to fill them like this, this makes you a real business owner, because you now control the leads.

Speaker 1  14:26
Yeah, I like it. So, okay, let's refine just a little bit better what we're going to sell them. I really do think you're right about I mean, probably on the first call, Hey, and I'm not a salesman, so I'm just guessing, but on the first call probably explain how it works as a one piece deal, like we're gonna teach you how to sell better, close better, and we're gonna get you the lead. But then just literally, clear. Five that that it's that the two piece system, and they've just got to focus on their closing skills first, otherwise they're wasting their time and money, and they're going to feel like they're wasting their time and money and tell them like, you know, we're going to we're going to get you trained in 10 days or 15 days or 30 days, whatever it takes, so that they know that there's a two part process which is preventing you from having to come back and resell to them later, but then they know there's an order of priority and what to put their energy into first.

Matthias Miller  15:36
So here's the way I would frame it, maybe. Well, okay, okay. Side note, this could be premature, but it might not be. I could, I could put together. I wish I had recordings of all my calls with Robert. Yeah. Robert Posey, I've got copious notes, but and they're very useful, and I've got full transcripts of Eric sales training, but we could, we could very easily create a drip feed of, this is the action to focus and double down on. And you could then say we paid, you know, we paid a consultant, or we paid $14,000 for the sales training, and, and we're giving you another 4000 bucks or whatever. Yeah, something like that. Liked it and, and we're going to be here first, so it's going to be 1000 bucks up front, and then we'll hang around 400 bucks a month, and, and, and we'll figure out how to give you support. I don't know what the support piece looks like. I mean, maybe it's telegram access, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  17:02
But each but positioning on the front end. I think the basic thing is, look, I'm looking for people to partner with. Here's what I found, consultants, agencies, all these people, they're looking to sell you a product, and they're thinking like a vendor, and one of our commitments is not to think like a vendor that seems like a partner and an owner. And so we're only interested here in giving you stuff that's going to move the needle, and

Matthias Miller  17:32
from the very using that frame, from the very get go. Anyway.

Speaker 1  17:42
Okay, I am literally thinking in terms of just like, how do we make steps and grease the wheels? Would it help you to, just like, put down in writing exactly your thoughts on what you want to sell and what you want to say, which is basically what we just talked about

Matthias Miller  18:09
here. Yeah, I think so.

Speaker 1  18:12
Are you recording this by chance? Yes, I am. Okay, awesome, awesome. Okay, well, there, there's the crux of the matter, I would, I overthink everything, and I'm too much of a technician, but literally, if I was in your shoes, I would take everything we just thought on this call, turn it into an outline, figure out the order in which you want to present it, and just kind of like rerun the math so that you're very confident what numbers you're asking for price and why, and including the part about how that's going to make ROI for them, because you want it to be an easy sale, right? A no brainer, as everybody says, if they can somehow picture it as, okay, there's this full investment up front, and then 100 a month, or 1000 month or a million a month, whatever is going to give me 10 times that. Then why wouldn't I try it? Right? I think we probably need to head for something like that here at the beginning.

Matthias Miller  19:16
Right. Okay,

Speaker 1  19:21
last question, so in this contest, just to be sure, in this context, you are not going to try to ask them the series of market research questions, is that right? Just going to go straight for an offer because we're using the partnership angle?

Matthias Miller  19:35
Well, I mean, I think it's some diagnostic, yeah, for sure, like some bottleneck type of diagnostic. Are you using a CRM? What's your sales process? So you follow it with sales, with sales training. Have you had

Speaker 1  19:51
diagnostic selling process? Yes, but not, not the full blown, I'm here to do an interview with the research. No, you know market research in mind. Okay, so. Yeah, I think that's perfect. If you ask me, okay, any, any part of that that feels uncomfortable or you're unsure about,

Matthias Miller  20:15
no, let me go work on, on, flushing some of this stuff out, and I'll see if I can get some some Yeah, let me get some stuff left out. Okay, fun, fun fact, by the way, I my brother hired me to do some copywriting for him. It's not, it's not, it's not wild money, but thanks to AI, I was able to see that all our sales call notes, all of our software documentation notes, and it came up with a really good, realistic opening and closing story that was relatable and true and right, right, 80% of it, and it's been about maybe, maybe an hour, 45 minutes editing it. So I love it. AI for the win, that's awesome.

Speaker 1  21:17
Yeah, yeah, yeah, to answer your earlier question about doing some contract work for the software company. Obviously, only you can answer this in terms of like ROI or I mean, I don't know if you're talking about 40 hours for 10 bucks or two hours for a million bucks. No idea. But everybody who does sales says that people can smell desperation a mile away. And so if taking a little side job here to grease the wheels and fun, fun things for you in anything, if that, if that makes you a happier person and a little less stressed and less desperate when you got to be sales, I think that's probably a good

Matthias Miller  21:57
thing. Makes sense, if you want to think

Speaker 1  22:01
about it, obviously, in an ideal world, it'd be awesome if you and I could both just focus on this 100% and get it launched and make a million tomorrow. But that's probably not reality, right? No, it's not. It's

Matthias Miller  22:11
not all right. I also talked to that young kid who wanted to be mentored by me, so he wants to do it like you an early morning breakfast on Friday chat with him. Really

Speaker 1  22:20
wants to do Okay, so, so and so doing this, he wants to, he wants

Matthias Miller  22:25
to talk about it. He doesn't want it's not a commitment to doing. He wants to talk about it, yeah, but he doesn't know. He must be completely unaware that I know him, his his dad got ousted from our former church when he was really young, and he and he and his dad are not on, not appear to be on best of terms, and I and his dad have gone out for meals, But we're definitely not best either. So anyway,

Unknown Speaker  23:01
yeah, I'll

Matthias Miller  23:02
stick my finger in a hornet's neck anyway. That'll be good. Okay, all right, cool, good, awesome. Thanks, man. Thanks

Speaker 1  23:11
a lot. Bye for now. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai