Matthias Miller  00:02
So we help everyone entrepreneurs is

Matthias Miller  00:11
cut stress or save time cut stress and increase profitability time X ray instant insight into instant insight

Matthias Miller  00:41
instantly get personalized insight on how you can on your

Matthias Miller  00:53
on a 6060 minutes

Matthias Miller  01:04
rapid clarity into how you can, you know, basically into your shortest path out of overwhelm, then it's like the found that you know system is foundations, which is.

Matthias Miller  01:33
And this isn't quite as punchy or succinct, but it's basically stop giving control of your systems to other people. The reason why you're having trouble implementing systems is because you're trying to copy and paste from other people and it doesn't work. And oh, by the way, you've got zero ownership of it. Which is the second reason why it doesn't work. So get this so you know, 90 minutes to a visceral understanding of systems to put you back in control of your business. And then the systems accelerator is 21 Days to a fully custom software solution implemented in your business.

Matthias Miller  02:37
And then you better pray that we got somebody who can cover for me because somebody comes along and writes me a check for 45k to go disappear for three weeks to build on my custom soccer solution. I'm out of here.

Matthias Miller  03:00
I mean, okay, so poke holes in it. Shoot it down?

Matthias Miller  03:05
Well. Yeah, no, I think I think it's good to have some offers on there like that. Maybe you can even throw on the, the out of the box. Option to advertise that on the homepage or not, but that I think that's an upsell on the back end of the systems foundations, which is like, by the way, we built this tool set. And here's all the cool things that comes together that nobody else ties together. And so you should go get this thing. I don't think that's a I think that's an upsell from something from the foundations thing. So for 5k will, you know, help. We have an onboarding process where we'll be figuring out the processes, processes, or maybe this is part of the 15k coaching engagement, where it's like, I mean, maybe maybe there's a mid tier, maybe this is a 15k coaching engagement. And as part of that, we onboard you into our software into your retail package, and you get training and coaching as part of it. Huh? Yeah. How's it? How's that? Yeah, that's pretty handy. That's how the pieces fit together

Matthias Miller  04:42
Yeah, lots of lots of options there. The 21 days thing is that is that just something you you make a metaphor for the spot here. That's something you've been chewing on. I've been chewing on it is that like start to finish, like high level design through deployment that's that is using John Allen's nifty tool set or a an 80% functional prototype to a point that can be handed off to you and Ellison's team okay so 21 days for that or

Unknown Speaker  05:26
yeah

Matthias Miller  05:29
so whether they actually have something they can log into and I mean they can have something within within you seen what we did with the high level design they could have something to log into within three days. Mm hmm you Dylan pretty amped about it yep yeah

Matthias Miller  06:05
cool yeah. No, I like I just think having having a landing page will give a lot of value and yeah, having a few few funnels or or Yeah, options on there. Can be good too. i

Matthias Miller  06:39
Yeah. Okay. I think


Transcribed by https://otter.ai