Unknown Speaker  02:00
I should have said little pig little pig. Let me come in.

Matthias Miller  02:04
Yeah. No, no, no, not that they are my chinny chin chin.

Unknown Speaker  02:09
I've got the hair. You don't got hair on your chin.

Matthias Miller  02:12
I mentioned.

Speaker 1  02:14
Rephrase. You have hair. It's just shorter than than others.

Matthias Miller  02:19
Well, my brother in law is El Salvadoran. And he made a joke about his beard being like a basketball team got five on each side.

Speaker 1  02:36
When I was when I was a young, young man, we used to joke as Montana beards. They got wide open spaces,

Matthias Miller  02:44
open spaces

Speaker 1  02:53
that's about the truth. I'm going to take the Verne's call here real quick and I'll jump back on as soon as I'm done with him.

Matthias Miller  03:23
Alright, so while he's doing that, I think I'd be interested, given Dwayne's availability to go ahead and talk about verification of credit card receipts and such, but is there anything else that Do you have anything urgent on your list mark that we should be talking about sooner rather than later?

Unknown Speaker  03:47
No, I don't think so. No, I think that makes sense. I started gather some answers for depreciate depreciation and well, your your email that you sent

Speaker 2  04:11
Thursday, I think Wednesday when you discuss the following questions I put I'll try and send that today. And well, yeah, I can send that today. And is that something that we should then cover? Wednesday?

Matthias Miller  04:30
Yes, if you send that today and I can make whatever adjustments and changes and possibly even run it by Joel before then I'm not sure yet. depends kind of what his schedule is like. And then yes, we could talk about that on Wednesday.

Speaker 2  04:44
Yeah, because I Yeah, so I'm I have answers on exactly how we were thinking about others questions and discussion.

Unknown Speaker  04:58
That is did that to you today yet

Matthias Miller  05:05
that's good okay so here is your bins hopping on yet so he's in the know on this stuff

Speaker 2  05:20
do you have any existing verification report find if your should we in now

Matthias Miller  05:33
like a LIKE thank you for holding we will return shortly

Matthias Miller  05:47
Mark had Senator Mark you had sent a verification report a little earlier thank you for holding us where we are silence is not him coming back

Speaker 2  06:11
thank you for holding we will return shortly

Unknown Speaker  06:21
Tiller still here

Speaker 2  06:25
I thought it was too I am is Daniel from joined office mail by fax server is down and he just wanted to let us know

Matthias Miller  06:45
All right I think the

Matthias Miller  06:55
I think you had sent a verification report out to us and I don't know you don't have it handy here I'm not sure where it would have gone

Unknown Speaker  07:08
I have didn't have one here

Matthias Miller  07:55
ah I got it

Unknown Speaker  08:01
me you got what I sent or did you find

Matthias Miller  08:04
Oh I found one from March the 20th that you'd sent Oh,

Unknown Speaker  08:07
okay. It was just about

Matthias Miller  08:14
perfect let me see what would you send over to the scene

Unknown Speaker  08:20
could be the same thing

Matthias Miller  08:28
so here's how we're doing still resolving this issue kind of like for him to be on for this Yeah, I got that Mark let's see if it's the same one I sent it with

Matthias Miller  08:53
it's a different one. Let me send that over to Ben as well so you can see.

Matthias Miller  09:35
Tell you what he's doing that. What me? What my

Matthias Miller  09:50
notes from a conversation with Larry and see if there's anything else that should be added to our list? I

Unknown Speaker  10:03
think there's one thing that we should add that on your notes

Speaker 2  10:12
revisited are we we visit, how we how we calculate production overhead and labor on buildings built by subcontractors. So I was thinking, first off, I thought, well, that's pretty straightforward. Because we know exactly what we're paying them. But then on a building as it's built, but then I was looking at it this morning. And it's a little more complicated than that. So I

Unknown Speaker  11:03
not sure that that actually, well, I mean, anything is doable, but not sure if it's if it's the right thing to do right now.

Matthias Miller  11:30
Well

Matthias Miller  11:41
you guys don't mind managing that we can move the percentages down to the builder level. And you can control what your standard costs are based on the builder.

Speaker 2  11:56
And that that alone wouldn't be that difficult right? Now it would? Well, what I want to do is go through and find out in detail like, Okay, how do we determine how much each of these subcontractors is paid? Because they're

Unknown Speaker  12:21
that varies. The method we're using their various elf that, I think beatable. And then there's also the thing with Okay, so that takes care of

Speaker 2  12:39
do we do we do we allocate? That? Easy way to think of it is, so we pay a sub shop 15% to build buildings, and that's the labor the overhead all inclusive in and out another building? 15% 1500? No, you know, that's easy to calculate, that number never changes. That is actually what we're going to pay sub shop, but then do we allocate a little bit of overhead to manage that sub shop too? answer his questions to make sure that he has materials or right buildings built? And if so, how much do we allocate?

Speaker 2  13:36
That quite sure, there's there just enough variations that want to get a clearer picture, go through each of each one of those in detail, and then what we would have to get that possible. I mean, if it's only the percentages, then that then each per bill or that's easy enough, but

Matthias Miller  14:08
when even even if we would need to expense it out separately, I mean, with what you're proposing on the p&l breakdowns, we could do a p&l breakdown based on sub shop as well, for example. So not terribly worried about that. Although for some reason you need to show the income statement separately, or on the balance sheet. Either way. It's also some work, but it's the final 20% of coding, not the well, I anticipate it's the final 20% of coding. So I think is there anything you need from me on getting that answer that question answered?

Unknown Speaker  14:56
No, not not right. Now what I want to do is get in all of that out like calculations are and then go it was regroup with you and see what would it take to manage that or to to build for that. Now when you find when you say the final 20% of coding you say What do you mean by that?

Matthias Miller  15:30
Well, the way we've designed this is, I mean, we designed this with flexibility in mind that we were probably going to change things as we go along. And so there's the 80% groundwork that puts all these places these pieces in place, which is throwing these values in the building, record, creating Delta transaction, they get pushed out into accounting, that, et cetera. And so it seems to me that the two questions might that might arise is what percentages are different for sub shop buildings? And possibly, although I don't know for sure, what accounts do subject buildings get pushed out to on the balance sheet and income statement? And if it's if those are the only things that are impacted by this conversation, then I'm not terribly worried if there's some kind of other gotcha in this that's bigger than that are different than that, then. I'd want to know.

Speaker 2  16:40
Well, off the top of my head, I don't think there is I think we're going to, I think what we're going to end up for standard costing is we use we're planning to use percentage as it is right now for standard costing, $10,000. Building. Labor's 8% standard costing or at a 6% material is 38%. So we could break both the overhead and the labor percentage down per builder

Unknown Speaker  17:19
and then write that part wouldn't be hard to do. That the materials I don't think we the materials we want to do districtwide pretty sure, but then the

Speaker 2  17:34
or I think it could get confusing. So what do we do with the what do we call it the variance or the we ended the month with $1,000 More of books no right than what we had allocated are we going to have which is proportionately disperse it to all of them using the standard costing just ordinate. Evenly that might be you may see it seems like that would be the easiest, but then there's also I guess the ones that there are some that we know that you know, this is exactly what they're going to be paid. That we know no we don't this number never changes but these other numbers do so if there's a variant that it only applies to once it can still change

Speaker 2  18:36
I don't know does that does that add a lot of complexity we go there

Matthias Miller  18:53
Yeah, got variants so.

Matthias Miller  19:10
Probably are one way to approach this would be to store something on the building record or on the not the building record actually on the price breakdown for either raw material production labor production overhead that basically says this is not subject to variance.

Speaker 2  19:34
And they would, they would almost act like a building that has already been an earlier period that has almost that has already been closed out.

Matthias Miller  19:42
Yes, or something that's been sold mid period.

Unknown Speaker  19:46
Yeah, good point. think all of that sounds manageable to me now.

Speaker 2  20:02
Yeah, well, let me find out all the different. Let me get all of those laid out on. Exactly how is that being calculated? There are a few that, like Josh said, where we do some squirrely things. So, the just keep life simple and not do squirrely things, I guess.

Matthias Miller  20:25
Well, there's a gentleman that by the name of Alex scharffen, he has a great quote, he says, simplicity scales. And complexity creates constraint.

Unknown Speaker  20:41
Simplicity scales

Matthias Miller  20:47
and complexity creates constraint.

Speaker 1  20:54
Yeah, but complexity has the has the perception of, of I was gonna say, smartness.

Matthias Miller  21:05
Well, it's true.

Unknown Speaker  21:07
It looks really smart.

Speaker 2  21:15
Matthias, if you, if you mentioned this quote to Gabe, I would, I would, he would agree with you. And I'm about 95% sure that he would also add a quote about simplicity. The quote that simplicity on the other side of complexity is worth a million dollars or something like that. It really fits into this.

Matthias Miller  21:39
I think that's going in hand right there. Now, there's also there's also one by is it being go? What was that one? There's another one by Van Gogh. That's also good one. I think it was him. Anyway. Good. Well, I will. Okay, so my only mildly. My last comment on this is that Steph is getting ready to tear pretty deeply into it next week. And he's probably already starting to do some prep work for that. So it sounds to me like it's manageable. And it's not probably not the end of the world. But if we, if you know if there is rework, but if there's anything that you happen to get in before then it'll probably be we might be able to avoid some woods and rework we're doing that, but I don't know that it's worth. It's not worth staying up till midnight, four nights in a row to make it happen.

Speaker 2  22:47
Well, I don't make it make a habit of doing that. But I well know that I don't see a reason why I couldn't have that until Wednesday. So then that would. So I'll try to have that back on Wednesday, and make that a number one priority instead of the depreciation questions.

Unknown Speaker  23:12
Good. Like, it

Speaker 2  23:14
sounds like that's more urgent. Okay, good. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:17
I would say so. Alright, so, Dwayne, are you back in the land of the non tech support? I am. Alright. So here's the here's my proposed suggestion, I talked about the verification of credit card receipts. And as we talked about it, our proposal is that POS are its own thing and they will always well, let me back up. There is a fundamental difference between POS and credit card receipts and those types of invoices. Pos you need permission before you spend the money and then the other ones you need forgiveness after you spend the money. So the

Unknown Speaker  24:11
okay this needs to go in the quote of quotes for the day says

Speaker 2  24:22
well then just just add massage asked that Oh, code house invoices now be paid via credit card

Speaker 2  24:41
I like that that's POS you need permission before you spent the money credit cards given his afterwards

Matthias Miller  24:56
so because of that, sorry.

Speaker 2  25:01
Well, this ties right in because this is this is simplicity. Gail is not, I mean, the way you laid those two out it's it's not complex this is

Matthias Miller  25:15
there's this old story about, you know, the the Catholics have had indulgences that you could use to buy forgiveness of sins. And there's a story of this gentleman who went to a priest who was selling beads and said, Hey, can I have an indulgence for sin I haven't committed yet. And he said, Sure. And here's your diligent guy turns around and robs the rubs the piece the priest and runs off with the moneybags.

Matthias Miller  25:47
Another, we get our rabbit trail stories out of the way. So our proposal, we think of these these things are very fundamentally pretty different things. And so our proposal is that we actually add another verification process, which is basically in an accounting transaction review. And so every accounting transaction would have a a wasn't verified kind of flag on it. And for POS for anything linked to Pio or vendor invoice that would be automatic automatically flagged Yes, and I don't know if we want it if we wanted to happen automatically for building records we could or if we want to see those billing records, the auto created billing records and verify those then those could be done the same could could could go through the same verification process but then basically what that would be is every accounting transaction entry would go out for approval and then come back flagged as approved or not approved

Speaker 2  26:57
when you say every accounting transaction that would that could even be things like

Unknown Speaker  27:08
can owner draw

Matthias Miller  27:11
Yes, it could be an owner draw it could be a journal entry to correct the sales tax liability for the month it could be

Speaker 2  27:25
anything any any accounting transaction correct Well, could we something into early here but could could we I'm thinking there's some that that we just want to while like you said billings I think what you were referencing was building records like as a building is built the transaction from raw materials to finished goods right. I could we based on the based on the column name where we have selections based on the account name is used as reconciliation yes or no or is this a contra account or no? Good we that select is was it verified based on the account name and we could some of them we would always just ignore because it's just just like building records buildings being built and open up it might not sure that that's a good idea.

Matthias Miller  28:50
Well, what I would probably propose instead of that is for things that are automatically created in the system that perhaps we we might auto approve those and include them in the report maybe or something like that. What I want to I don't know what the appropriate level of controls here is. But well, ya

Unknown Speaker  29:20
know that that yeah, you thought this through way better than I was what I was thinking but Yeah, makes sense. I mean, I liked the concept. Logical so

Speaker 1  29:38
it maybe maybe I fell off the wagon somewhere but every, like, paid transaction. Or like, Well, are you going to narrow that field some otherwise it's going to become, won't that get incredibly long? I'm missing something. I

Matthias Miller  30:08
think that's a question from Mark on. Yep, that you guys want.

Speaker 1  30:14
I mean, okay, so when you say, Okay, maybe, maybe, okay, let's, let's hypothetically say a when a building record writes transactional information to accounting, does that get included? Or is that just as are those journal entries that the building is making? Or would that end up in this report to?

Matthias Miller  30:41
Well, I mean,

Speaker 2  30:45
while you were suggesting classes, we could say any automated, we would have the option to say any automatically created transactions or those or put those in a separate section of the report, right.

Speaker 2  31:07
And the other thing that I am understanding correctly is if there's a purchase order

Unknown Speaker  31:21
like the well, anything on our listing verification report would already would automatically be flagged that it was verified, and would not show up on this report, if I understood correctly. Yes.

Speaker 2  31:52
So from a very high level, it sounds like it would only include this would be credit card transactions. And journal entries, like drawers.

Matthias Miller  32:11
checks, you write out a pre? Yeah, once payroll is automated, that would be part of the automated section. Well, payroll would actually go through its own its own verification process, its own verification process. And we could kind of sort of merge that into we could explore merging that into POs that what was your I believe in it? We could explore that. Mostly because it has custom reports that need to go with it.

Speaker 2  32:49
And the intent for this account, not your report, or saying was it verified? is we're looking at it? For two reasons. One thing where did the money go? I need to, is there something I need to be concerned about? And two is is it being allocated to the correct right, that's that's the reasons for four

Matthias Miller  33:25
I was not part of the conversation. All I heard was, hey, we need to start verifying credit card transactions and receipts.

Speaker 2  33:45
Think that's that would be all that we need is is the building to that?

Matthias Miller  34:04
Doing any other besides sheer volume of transactions? And yes, there's a reason Dwayne, while we're at we're not asking you to meticulously review these transactions.

Speaker 1  34:15
No. Here's, here's my, I'm just a little afraid it. The amount of verification reports that are starting to happen between that accounts receivable once payroll goes live, I'm just a little bit worried that individuals district manager whoever is checking this stuff over that it becomes just a blur of data and it starts to hurt us, rather than help us.

Matthias Miller  34:52
Well, I mean, it's worth I mean, it could be worth I don't know if this is the right time to do it. It could be worth taking a step back and saying If you wanted to simplify the verification process, okay, first of all on payroll 90% of issues can be solved by making the employee sign off and they're on their paychecks. And unless you're grossly overpaying somebody, I mean, somebody, somebody somewhere is, you know, shop foreman or something is going to complain if the bonuses are distributed wrong. And if somebody's underpaid, and they are severely underpaid, they're gonna holler. I don't know if that's completely accurate and true, but it's possible

Matthias Miller  35:51
I mean, the other way to do verification reports is basically saying, rather than doing this on a weekly basis, do this on a monthly basis. And when you do that, then you can do it based on you can group it based on account that it's coming out of, and that'll give you a very fast eyeball to say are the transactions in this account all have similar nature and could make it easier to review. The other thing we can do is we're just going to overload the district managers and then that'll give us something to do in the following sprint whenever it becomes too much.

Matthias Miller  36:44
Mark, do you have any input on how district managers are gonna feel about getting reviewing all accounting transactions?

Speaker 2  36:52
Well, it is thanks, Duane brought out a good point. I think

Speaker 2  37:07
I think if we if we and it sounds like we do if we have a way to narrow down the learning transactions report only was necessary to review it will.

Unknown Speaker  37:29
I think that should work I don't know

Speaker 2  37:36
that that's that report is something that could and possibly should be handed off to say a distant or somebody helping, you know, whoever's responsible for because it's its balance it could flag anything that's not sure that's way out of hand. But for the most part, I would see that as we're just looking at it to make sure that we have the right to the correct GL account

Speaker 2  38:21
it seems like we could if it becomes too much, then we could just entire process the same except we skip the verification part we just automatically have it verified however, that gets entered into the system and the district manager says I've looked at the month in a row and I have never made a change everything stayed on I don't like I need to see it at all anymore. If something is way out of whack, I'll I'll see it on the financial reports end of month.

Speaker 1  39:06
I guess the only way to really find this out is to actually get into the process and see what starts to hurt. I don't necessarily have a better proposal I just admit maybe it's just doing eyes but just crossing glaze over. If I had to go through one of these. That's probably the fear that I that you hear coming through.

Speaker 2  39:34
Well, Matthias, let me ask you this in well what what you're proposing would give us all credit card transactions, all checks, like checks that are physically written out in the builder's office and may journal entries right that that would be about the extent of or we could easily narrow it down to just those three Some transactions. If we do that, then that's so district managers already. They have somebody responsible for sending all the credit card receipts to Whitney right now. And entering them on a spreadsheet naming what it is where it goes, what the expense was for, at a very high level or in the same with cakes, they're not doing anything with journal entries. So I think if we, if we narrow it down to only those three groups, then it's what will actually be less work than what they're doing now as they have a process where, you know, they don't have to dump all of these on a spreadsheet and see what each one was for and all that. Yeah, I don't, I don't if we can note down that I don't really concerned. But I'm interested in hearing the process that with these two different paths how you've how you see that process working

Unknown Speaker  41:13
the accounting side.

Speaker 2  41:26
But sorry, got, keep going with where you are going on as much as we don't need to cover that now.

Matthias Miller  41:35
So I know, I have a way that we could use the

Matthias Miller  41:52
QR, whatever you guys call it QR code style. If we would send you a we'd send you a cover sheet basically, with the transactions behind it. And if it's approved, you send it back. And the one side pieces, if somebody goes back and modifies it, then we'll have to clear the approval checkbox. Or we'll want to clear the approval checkbox and have it come back through again, for you. I think it gets a little tricky.

Matthias Miller  42:41
If we drive this off of activity, then basically we would say, here are the unapproved transactions as of this date and time, send it over to you, you send it back and assist with see which of those have been untouched as of that date and time and flag those as being approved. And if there have been subsequent edits, and then it would go back out a second time for additional additional changes, additional review.

Speaker 1  43:10
That's gonna raise all kinds of questions about what was changed? What's the what's the Delta and etc, etc.

Matthias Miller  43:19
What should we only do it on? Mark what what changes should trigger? A re verification is a changes to who it's made out to changes to the accounts changes to the amounts.

Speaker 2  43:35
What changes? Are you talking about changes that impact accounting like a debit and credit.

Matthias Miller  43:44
Okay, let's say somebody writes out a check to the steakhouse, or gives famous steaks, oh, and $400. And they input it it gets approved. It clears the bank and they forgot to include a $20 tip. And so they go change the account from $100 to 200. Change the transaction from $101 $220. transaction goes back back out to the district manager a second time for approval because the transaction transaction has been modified. Basic story makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  44:25
It does. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  44:27
So in what cases should a transaction go back out? Again for verification, if any of the accounts change? Any of the payee information changes and any of the amounts change? Or is there I guess if a transaction is voided? Is it

Speaker 2  44:51
so how do you envision first question the the verification report, do you envision something very similar to To the one we're using now for paying invoices like I just sent you.

Unknown Speaker  45:07
Yes. So

Speaker 2  45:14
and in between we're looking at just our standard verification report. Not weekly. So you're saying when should should this status? I mean, so this one, we're people are just looking at it, whoever's responsible for it and just asking questions, they have questions. If not, they're marking the approved box, sending it back in Dwayne's office and they're updating the status, which then moves it on down. On us the process. You're asking what activity? What activities after someone has done that, do we want it to come back and be reapproved? Right?

Speaker 2  46:11
But I'm why? Why should it? Why should it show up again, here? Why why? Like the, the example you just gave. This is not reconciling with the bank. This is this is just, you know, here's what happened, getting this into the accounting system. You're saying, in that case? The check was $400. But instead, it was actually 420.

Matthias Miller  46:44
Yeah, I mean, I guess it's a pretty sinister example. And I don't think we're actually coding for this, but somebody writes out a $4,000, check for were a supplier and well, that's gonna probably get flagged if it's not a known supplier, but somehow managed to manages to flag a $4,000 check that was apparently approved by somebody else. And then after it's been approved, change the payee to themselves and goes and writes writes a check out themselves. I mean, that's like, like I said, that's a really sinister example. But is there but you're right, we would have the bank reconciliation then to tie this all out. So maybe it doesn't matter.

Speaker 2  47:32
Well, initially, I can't think of a lot of situations where this would lie I mean, I think what would happen is that credit card receipt The reason rather we get the well, I guess on that

Speaker 2  47:54
data entry make a demand wrong. Nobody doing verification is ever going to catch that unless it's it's way off and off by $1 or two or whatever. And then it would be that would be called when we do like conciliation.

Unknown Speaker  48:20
I can't think I mean, right now I can't think of of, of situations that would require it to be approved. Again, that would feel comfortable just

Speaker 1  48:40
there shouldn't be too much that takes place at that point. At the point that we're doing verifications there shouldn't be too much that would ever take place after that. Shouldn't be and I'm sure there's an outlier that there probably will be at times but

Speaker 2  48:56
and so we're looking the report we're talking about now is all for things that have already happened where like credit cards you ask forgiveness after you spent the money Yep. Yeah, I don't think there should be too much outside of a data entry mistake, which both of those should be caught when we reconcile it with the bank or with the credit card statement. Yep.

Matthias Miller  49:33
Okay, good. So then the only piece that tries which is most likely.

Matthias Miller  49:53
So basically, what we need to come up with then is a transaction report for Bear for the verification process

Matthias Miller  50:10
Good. Well, we will

Matthias Miller  50:19
go one of the easiest way would be to and if you get time after this call, we might just mock one up in the test system. And then we can tweak it and then mark when you when we've got something you like, and then we can send it off to make for approval and then does it sound right? Do you have? Do you know offhand? I don't think it matters super urgently like what it is now. But are you thinking? Is this a weekly process a daily process?

Unknown Speaker  50:53
Weekly?

Matthias Miller  50:58
And then, are you thinking something like, how often do you think this is just going to be a green light good to go? And how often do you think there's going to be changes? Like, is it worth having? Is it worth going to the work of having a the QR code style form that you put sent back? And I'm thinking that would be that was like, all the transactions as being okay. Or we guess what's the process if something's wrong? Does the So if something's wrong, then then it gets sent back in? And Whitney, or whoever makes the edits and send a second approval sheet back out? Is that right?

Speaker 2  51:48
If there's edits than Dwayne's office would so when he doesn't see this until until everything reaches the status of while the way it works now of unpaid approve, which means that we have verified that everything is correct. And she can go ahead and just pay off this list. If there's right now if there's changes that need to be made, it's between the district and its office but to answer your question, is it worth doing a QR code you know to check off the whole thing or not? I would say no I don't think it takes might have a different different opinion on the strain but it I don't think it takes that much time to update the statuses and there's I think it it works okay the way it is now with just you know, marking each one individually

Speaker 1  52:49
Yeah, I would agree with that. I don't think I can see the transaction amounts growing some but not exponentially I wouldn't think so. Right now it would be real real nice to have a QR coded thing but that's just because we're in some transition stuff and it would take the load off but haha no not once we're back around the transition

Matthias Miller  53:23
Okay, good I think that's what I need then on that part of it so we go back to that was my list

Matthias Miller  53:58
did you want to go into NO YOU'RE GONNA you need to let's see. Let me update the status of this. Depreciation is waiting on answers from Mark we have

Matthias Miller  54:18
AP process is waiting on template from revised and been mapping out debits and credits is going to be waiting. Mark, we have sub shop buildings waiting on Mark cash flow statements. I don't think we should. I don't think that's top of list. So the two things we could talk about yet today if we want to take the time is what pieces so so Mark, do you want to have a chance to read over the payroll documentation before we talked about what next pieces, we should take a look at documenting? Or do you have some thoughts on that? No?

Speaker 2  55:11
No, I think that would be. I'd want to take I mean, I looked at it, maybe for it. Look at that. And that's Wednesday then. But if we have some time here, I'd like to discuss a little more in depth on different accounts payable. areas or path that we have, but if that's good with you,

Unknown Speaker  55:47
so okay, if I think of three separate of the accounts payable department, I think of three separate

Speaker 2  55:59
variables, one is the purchase order for two by four. And when the product arrives, we verify that we've received it then we get an invoice and we match the invoice to the purchase order and to the packing slip, and then we issue payment. They can one is it an invoice from for the phone bill? No purchase order. Invoice did approve, then we issue payment? And the third path is that card or bank that's already been written out? And I think in an ideal Well, one question is how does how will people know with consistency in accounts payable whether to go looking for a purchase order when they get in when they get invoices? How do they know if there's a purchase order this or no? And then what I think would be real good. real helpful for the district manager to keep this manageable is to have this verification report to have all three sets of those on the same report going out once a week

Unknown Speaker  57:26
need to somehow

Speaker 2  57:34
when you did with me laid out like purchase orders, you clearly know what each of those are. So they get circling back. How can we the people in accounts payable? All they see is the actions and papers they have no don't see the truck shop or whatever they don't. How can we make so they know? Like is there a purchase order when I get this invoice, do I need to attach it to a purchase order? Or is there no purchase order for it? Is that just a basic thing that that needs to be learned?

Matthias Miller  58:26
Well, my proposal would be to require a purchase order for every vendor invoice regardless whether you had one before the product arrived or not, or whether you got the invoice or not. And so they would go search for the vendor and try to find the purchase order with an option then at that point to create a new purchase order if necessary, they would then create that and from that purchase order created. Attach a vendor invoice

Speaker 2  58:55
Okay, so you're okay. I missed that part. I was when we talked to Josh I was I thought he was thinking that like the phone bill we would make so that there's no you don't have to create a purchase order you can just start with here's the invoice to get it approved

Speaker 2  59:23
we were debating whether there's no. Is it worth effort. So one good thing was issuing a purchase order for our standard products where we have skews that already defines what the what GL account to be used, whether it's a two by four or if it's on deck for lunchroom. Know the skew already tells us what GL account that needs to go to when it's used or paid or whatever out of fakes impacts accounting the phone bill one way or another we need to have a way to consistently identify

Unknown Speaker  1:00:20
how to use or multiple multiple GL accounts but but you're thinking everything where we issue payment would have would need to have a purchase order the only thing that wouldn't need a purchase order is

Unknown Speaker  1:00:39
the third category where credit card or you pay some you know a for a meal with a credit card or you write out a check and hand it to somebody in the office

Matthias Miller  1:01:02
Well, that was my thought and that's what I had recalled this talking about months ago but clearly there was a different conversation. I'm not sure exactly where Josh is coming from and proposing that we do not do it. So it's just avoiding extra work for the accounting team.

Speaker 2  1:01:26
When do you recall Josh said something about pushing it into accounting earlier if we go that path and starting with an invoice is what I recall.

Speaker 1  1:01:39
Well, I mean, that is the that is kind of the question is can we like rather than start with a PIO and create a vendor invoice is have a way that we can just go create an invoice like that would be strictly on the accounting side

Matthias Miller  1:02:02
it would still require approval and it would still require approval

Matthias Miller  1:02:16
Well, is there a clean line between vendors this vendor uses POS and this vendor uses vendor invoices?

Speaker 2  1:02:24
No, it's not. So Laurie said what I mean they they use they don't require purchase orders for everything they buy, they buy they use purchase orders where they can and maybe just thinking from a from a user standpoint well one good so he mean typically the person issuing the purchase order has more I'm gonna say role and more know how Mark control and more knowledge about being ordered what it's going to do worse than than anybody else along that

Speaker 2  1:03:12
basically done it from from him that whoever's issuing the purchase order should be as much as possible should be the person

Unknown Speaker  1:03:27
doing the information like it's going to be used for what it what it is or how to fix accounting then

Matthias Miller  1:03:45
well okay,

Speaker 2  1:03:46
that I think he was what he was more what he was referencing was like the person issuing the purchase order typically knows what he's going to pay for that and where the product is going to be used whether it's a maintenance item or something that's used in in the building or it's an office or what have you. But also said they don't require purchase orders for.

Speaker 2  1:04:24
From a practical like for our situation a US standpoint, I mean inventory items without a doubt we want to issue purchase orders for those

Unknown Speaker  1:04:41
it really anything that is one way of looking at it anything that's

Speaker 2  1:04:53
okay, good, good. We do something like if we use our standard you Format anything that we have a standard SKU that will work either we're trying to find a line between when does it require a purchase order? And when does it go straight to? When does it not have a purchase order? Right? That's that's one of the key questions we need to answer.

Matthias Miller  1:05:25
Well, sure. So is that contingent on whether or not we're purchasing inventory? Is the fact is that a determining factor now?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:40
For purchasing inventory, then there will be a purchase order. But if we're purchasing what are some other? Like if we're if we're hiring a ventriloquist for a Christmas banquet, then no, we won't issue a purchase order. But if we're, if we're

Speaker 2  1:06:10
buying gift baskets fall fall in place for Christmas, then

Unknown Speaker  1:06:18
it makes sense to issue a purchase order.

Matthias Miller  1:06:29
So the most important there's two reasons why reasons why it matters one. Does it impact? Well, to kind of three, number one, does it impact inventory levels? If so, then? Unless my understanding, I don't actually remember, but my understanding is, pos are the ones driving in three levels? Okay, so number one, does it impact inventory? Yes or No? If it does, we need a Pio. Number two, does it affect? Does it affect the production overhead labor costs or raw materials was in this case? Does it affect overhead? Is it? Is it over production? overhead? Yes or No? If yes, then presumably we want that to hit and, and is product received before payment? Then if so, presumably, we want it to hit production overhead when the product is received. Number three, on maybe, which is related to this, but is this a? Something that's expensed out? But it needs to be expensed out before payment is made? Such as you want to expense out the gift baskets in December before you pay them in on January 15. Paper then. And in that case, then? I think basically any AP types of stuff needs a well, it goes back to this question. Do we actually need a you actually need a Pio in that case? Okay, I've got a proposal here. I don't know if I like it. I don't know if it works. Here's a proposal. Does it affect the inventory? Yes or No? If yes, you need a Pio? Are you receiving product before you're paying for it? If yes, then it should be a no, do you have an invoice that requires payment at some point? At some time in the future? Yes or No? If yes, it should be a vendor invoice. Is it something that that you don't find out about until after it's happened? If yes, then you don't need any of those. Go ahead doing.

Speaker 1  1:08:59
So you're saying if it's just a straight vendor, and it's just straight invoice from the vendor, we wouldn't have we wouldn't need a Pio for it. In other words, and then the problem Bill phone bill comes in from from the electric company and we just go straight to a vendor invoice.

Matthias Miller  1:09:13
Yeah, yes. And then the process on the accounting side is I want to go pay a I have an invoice here for Southwestern Bell Telephone Company, and you go punch it in and it says, Here are the three POs that you have associated with is it one of these or do you want to create a new one and then you either create a new vendor invoice based on one of those POS or you go create a new and maybe it even shows recently paid POS as well. So every time you enter a vendor invoice, it's a two step process one check for POS two I'm actually filling the vendor invoice but if it's not if there's not any consistent rule I don't know any way around that

Speaker 1  1:10:22
I know I know everybody in accounting one day is gonna hate this but after a bit just feel like well this just make appeal for everything because then it's straightforward

Unknown Speaker  1:10:31
how long does it take to create appeal

Speaker 1  1:10:36
it's I mean it's not it's it's not a matter of it's not a matter of how long does it take it's it Gray's the process purchase orders are very much designed for a thing and we do purchase order for everything well I mean does it gray the line or is it just make it crystal clear? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:11:02
Well, yes, there's this question of a purchase order where does the account get assigned? I mean purchase orders are designed for skews by vary by by definition

Speaker 1  1:11:15
so if we just went straight to a vendor invoice ideally then you wouldn't need a SKU you could basically freeform enter it and you could expense it out to the correct account

Matthias Miller  1:11:26
correct. And the only things you would enter in the accounting system our journal entries

Speaker 1  1:11:33
now okay. Is well no I guess you you would if you wanted to go report on information like that you report on the vendor itself and and then you go look at stuff that was paid to that vendor, etc, etc. There's not necessarily a reason you would want to report on a SKU that was tied to say a vendor invoice probably.

Matthias Miller  1:11:57
On that, let's say it's an inventory SKU.

Speaker 1  1:11:59
Well Correct. I mean, the phone meant the phone, the phone phone bill is kind of like a really good example here. So there's no reason I would want to go find some ski related to a phone bill entry. If we go say we know who the vendor is. It's what do you say Southwestern Bell, something something and we say go report on that vendor in that location. And now show me all transactions in regard to that. Well, then we know it's it works. I think

Unknown Speaker  1:12:37
am I thinking right? You should you're verbally shaking your head

Speaker 1  1:12:52
no, okay. So, riddle me this, then that means that we're going to have to redo how vendor invoice records actually look, feel and work correct. Because right now, they're always tied to a VO.

Matthias Miller  1:13:08
Yeah. Which is why Josh and I didn't want to do it in the first place. As we said, vendor invoices are fundamentally different things and these other transactions are now, okay, here's option. Okay, let's, what? Let's erase all this from the workflow here. Level. I need to well, maybe not. Go ahead and join.

Speaker 1  1:13:38
Well, I know that okay. So from a other accounting softwares workflow, Pio records, invoice records are really, they're the same record, it's basically a type on them and you process them from one type to the next. So if you go create a PIO and you say, I ordered this I received it now process it turns it into a set the type of an invoice that gets, you know, take those invoices get paid in a transaction record expense not to an account, we kind of have it as two very different records right now. And ideally what would be which is probably fine. But if you say okay, purchase orders, get vendor invoices for them, then that vendor invoice is going to talk to some kind of build type transactional record on the accounting side. Well, then we just go create a bill type transaction record on the accounting side for these other types of transactions. But I don't know what's going to be the workflow to go from a vendor invoice that we currently have to something in the accounting side

Matthias Miller  1:14:52
in the manner in which to something in the clinic so there was going to just I think can be pretty well theoretically can be pretty automatic, but they is done.

Speaker 1  1:15:01
In other words, it becomes becomes the bill on the on the accounting side.

Matthias Miller  1:15:06
Yeah. I mean if if we would were okay here's what I here's what I think if we would merge the PIO and the vendor invoice as you're proposing, then SKU could be optional on the PIO. And you could assign GL account on the PIO as well and then when you turn it to vendor invoice you say which account it got paid out of on what date? And then that gets tied out to the accounting system.

Speaker 1  1:15:37
I mean, you could you know, the moment the moment you it goes from a purchase order the type changes to an invoice then hidden fields show up on where to tie out these things to what account eccentrics I don't know, I'm just making things up on the fly here. But I mean, part of me is like, well, that's how other accounting softwares handle this, should we just mock that flow? Like Should we just should we follow that flow of and kind of rework what we're doing or is there a really strong reason why we currently do the record in the way we do for vendor invoices? And I know that's not a question necessarily for you that's really a Josh's question

Unknown Speaker  1:16:18
yeah

Matthias Miller  1:16:23
now there's this whole fun thing about great invoices that I still haven't begun to wrap my head around

Unknown Speaker  1:16:34
but freedom voices What did you say? Yeah. Oh, you over time together.

Matthias Miller  1:16:44
Yeah, you're distributing a free invoice across multiple POS. Yeah, we're vendor invoices.

Speaker 1  1:16:50
I mean, it's the same thing as I think other think other accounting software's call it like landed free calls a lot of the most accounting software has ever seen you don't actually have a tie in from another purchase order. We thought it'd be really cool to go and say that purchase order tied to that vendor that product purchase order. So now that two are nicely mated together, and you always know what's tied to what Yep.

Speaker 1  1:17:19
Somehow I think I just told you information that you already knew it didn't help actually clear up the thought process.

Matthias Miller  1:17:25
Well, we're just mindlessly not because it's a knee jerk reaction

Matthias Miller  1:17:39
okay, the problem with keeping it's the problem with having with separating these out is that the delineation isn't actually as clear as what we're pretending to be between when we need a PIO and invoice or are just standard transaction.

Speaker 2  1:18:08
Not the problem with delineating, like you understand correctly, you're saying bye. Basically splitting those into three different ones. But we're not making

Unknown Speaker  1:18:31
Atlantis as clear as we think as it appears on the surface.

Matthias Miller  1:18:35
Correct. And there may not actually be a clear line for that. And now the question is, if we asked Josh to combine POS and vendor invoices, what weird things are we doing that? He's gonna say? Yes, but

Unknown Speaker  1:19:01
we don't do weird things over here. What are you talking about?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:09
What are you implying? What's nice? I'm sure there's gonna be a few.

Speaker 2  1:19:16
Is it fair to say that so? Acquiring products or services, somebody's going to somebody's going to say, hey, I need this product I need they're either going to issue a purchase order. And if we if we issue a purchase order, that means that someone has approved the purchase of that thing for the price shown on the purchase order. So in a sense right now we're approving those just a run another set of eyes across that but if somebody if an authorized purchasing person was something on a purchase order The price matches always within the price matches on the invoice then that's nonsense that's already approved. If somebody called up the ventriloquist and hasn't come for the Christmas banquet V then submits an invoice for $5,000 There is no purchase order somebody needs to approve that before we can

Unknown Speaker  1:20:32
spend the money to to pay that invoice thinking from a workflow standpoint, what we're trying to do is is communicate that back to whoever's responsible ours was decisions communicating that back in a consistent like you know, consistent form or report

Unknown Speaker  1:21:05
ambling out loud, I'm not sure that they really helped me out here

Matthias Miller  1:21:15
all right, well, we're gonna try. I think here's where we're at. I think we need more information from Josh on what are the obstacles to combining POS and vendor invoices, and I have a sneaking suspicion that there's some kind of weird reason why it's not as simple as what we think it actually is. And I don't know what that reason might be.

Matthias Miller  1:21:52
But if we can do that, then we can have POS for services we can we can have POS without requiring skews if we want to do that. And we can turn them into vendor invoices when you enter the vendor invoice you input the vendor and the list of open POS and have the ability to convert that into a vendor invoice with all the appropriate payment information including source accounts and other other things and have that linked out to the to the accounting system seems to me as next steps that's the that's the place to be looking at.

Speaker 2  1:22:40
Okay, so next step, you're going to talk with Josh about about that and then the Zoom after after that

Matthias Miller  1:22:58
it will circle up and that will not be before next Wednesday.

Speaker 2  1:23:04
Now there's another part to this that I think is worth discussing at the same time is certainly we're not tracking balance sheet liabilities, the accounts payable number correctly, we're not accounting for

Speaker 2  1:23:27
the end of the month we do a manual inventory count. Say we have $500,000 worth of lumber or of inventory in our possession. We enter that inventory when it's in our facility in our possession which is correct what we're not accounting for is what has been received but not yet paid for that is

Unknown Speaker  1:23:55
accounts payable is a liability we're not accounting for that. So don't think it would take too much more work to

Speaker 2  1:24:12
moment do iforest arrive then we say we've received this product we send in even sentence in their confirmation saying I received this product then this is not tied to the accounting system yet but that immediately increases the raw materials value and it should also increase the accounts payable liability by the same amount. So

Speaker 2  1:24:54
is there a way that we can we can also wrap this in in this in the same time.

Matthias Miller  1:25:00
Yeah, I think if we if we combined the PIO with vendor invoice it's going to make that now that wouldn't be doable otherwise but I think it's gonna make it that much easier

Speaker 2  1:25:12
and I think so so what is Accounts Payable then? So is the phone bill that we that we entered a day we say this is approved $500 phone bill and not paying it until Friday in that short period of time. That's also accounts payable.

Matthias Miller  1:25:35
Don't know that? Yes. But yes, technically okay,

Speaker 2  1:25:38
that part we're handling like that currently and I think if we continue to do that so I think that would make it easier because then we would have a consistency of it's it becomes accounts payable when invoice either the when the invoice is approved like the phone company, or and product is received. Even though we might not get that invoice for those two by fours for other five days, it still is accounts payable. No, we don't have the invoice yet. Right. So does that seems like that would be the cinder easy to to follow that logic. You see a problem with that or holding that?

Unknown Speaker  1:26:47
Dope.

Speaker 2  1:26:54
Well, I don't know if that's something to include in your conversation with Josh or not. Or that ties in? Yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:08
Okay, so

Speaker 2  1:27:12
that you will you won't have that until Wednesday. So we'll we'll continue to the plan to contract or pay. And stay then.

Matthias Miller  1:27:28
Yeah, to clarify, I won't have that until next Wednesday, the fifth. But he's out today. So we'll have a chance to talk to him until the third. Got it?

Unknown Speaker  1:27:39
Okay. Good, then I will plan for nine. But that

Matthias Miller  1:27:51
sounds good. And then there's no because we're waiting to talk Josh and that there's not really anything to do on the accounting transaction. Well, actually, let me ask that. Even if we switch everything else over Do you still want an accounting replication report for journal entries?

Speaker 2  1:28:14
I think we do. And I mean, you say that that would be included with the credit card receipts.

Matthias Miller  1:28:24
Well, if we do right, good point because even this is not even with this credit card receipts we're going to continue using Well, I guess here's the question with credit card receipts are you going to enter credit card received as we could enter them as vendor invoices if we wanted to.

Speaker 2  1:29:00
I was thinking we would I mean, how else would what would be another Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:29:06
So then But then the question is for manual accounting transactions. That you know vendor vendor invoices within have a verification process. They basically be included in the PIO verification process. But would you still want a verification process for journal entries that are not tied to a Pio or a vendor invoice?

Speaker 2  1:29:34
I think we should just there's not a lot. I mean, typically there's not a lot of them and those are the ones that is a $50 pay cut receipt, no big deal. But if you want an entry of

Unknown Speaker  1:29:49
way we're doing them now. I mean, an adjustment of inches or so sometimes, like the way we're doing our That's all going to change I think yeah, it would be worth doing that.

Matthias Miller  1:30:05
So Ben and I will spend some time putting that together and get that over to you by as well. Okay that's good good appreciate it Mark Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:19
thanks guys. Yep

Matthias Miller  1:30:27
so let's jump over here and let's just do you have some time to yeah we're not gonna Okay so I think I'm just gonna go ahead and find a few things to

Unknown Speaker  1:30:49
do wants to

Unknown Speaker  1:31:19
we would have a

Unknown Speaker  1:31:27
quite the right thing but

Unknown Speaker  1:31:34
this is the run

Matthias Miller  1:32:10
so we're gonna want to repeat on

Unknown Speaker  1:32:17
yes

Unknown Speaker  1:32:23
we would have

Matthias Miller  1:32:33
that's exactly the right transactor that wait should we should take a look at this guy

Unknown Speaker  1:32:50
so we would have the date let's do this

Matthias Miller  1:33:54
as well as class and notes and when a guest we want.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:12
progression

Unknown Speaker  1:35:00
Let's do let's try this

Unknown Speaker  1:35:09
Name.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:38
Be as cool.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:39
Okay so then that lets us do

Matthias Miller  1:44:03
recall anything you see on here that needs to be changed

Unknown Speaker  1:44:17
No, I don't think so.

Speaker 3  1:45:09
Okay here is one that will deliver into

Unknown Speaker  1:45:36
their way for his approval for the leader. Good. Appreciate it

Unknown Speaker  1:45:49
All right, sounds good


Transcribed by https://otter.ai