Speaker 1  00:00
Quarter podcast into this group. Here's the reason. Here's the reason I'm recording this one. I think this is great information everybody in the billionaire code group should have. But to tomorrow we are having a power we are having a podcast, we're having a webinar, where I'm going to be training on the five reasons why companies that should scale down. So here's what I want you to don't make any comment below and I will have a member of my team circle back, send you a link so you can sign up for the webinar. And I'm going to go ahead and knock out this podcast and then this video that you're watching will end up on our video podcast. So this is a podcast for the momentum podcast called culture of accommodation will kill you. And pan if you're running a business, this one is such a big one. It's so crucial, so important. Here we go. As a business owner, you feel like you should accommodate your clients in order to get keep them happy, you feel like you should make exceptions in order for them to stay working with you. In fact, even in the sales process, sometimes we adjust what we're doing lower our prices, accommodate things. So that will even take the first step and join us. Here's the challenge. The more you accommodate as an entrepreneur, the more you create a business where there's no process, no systems, and everything is custom a culture of accommodation will kill you exhaust your team and hold your business back. This is such an important topic for entrepreneurs. You know, I think that instinctively, as business people, we want to accommodate the people around us, we want to help people around us to help them work with us. And so what we want to do is make exceptions and change things and make it easier for people to work with us. But here's what I want you to know about running a successful business, a culture of accommodation will kill you. Let me share just a couple of examples with you that I have of this from my life and from the clients we coach. So I'll just share one, you know, in 2000, I think was 2011 or 12. Katie and I made an acquisition of a company called Star Power. We bought it from Howard Brenton. We felt like it was going to be an amazing purchase. Because we called on the same avatar real estate agents. We did the same business. We were training companies, we had a lot of things in common. We had events, we have the same avatars, we had the same a lot of the same clients. So we bought Howard's company, and we expected it to be successful. But here's what happened with it. In fact, I'll take you back to the day we made the announcement that we bought Howard's company, we were in a room with a lot of the clients from Star Power the business we were buying and with some of the elite clients in the room. And Howard got up. And this was a pretty somber occasion, he was actually in the process of going through bone cancer, and he had terminal stage for bone bone cancer. And he shared with the entire room that he was selling the business to Katie and I that we were going to be the new owners. And within about 30 seconds of walking off of this stage. I had one of the people in his group walk up to me and say, Hey, when are you going to start paying us for being involved in the events? And what are you going to start on paying for our travel and doing more? And in other words, when are you going to start accommodating at a greater level. And here's what happened. That was the first accommodation interaction I had. And throughout that day where we announced we were going to buy star power I had person after person come up to me and tell me the custom thing that they wanted the accommodation that they wanted the thing that they were promised, and what I realized and what Katie and I realized over the course of the next year or two was that star powers, entire culture had been built around accommodation, their entire culture had been built around whatever somebody wants, give it to him just accommodate the clients. You know, I think one of the challenges Howard has had is he never realized just how incredible of a service he was providing to people. So we always felt like he owed everyone.

Unknown Speaker  03:38
So there was literally a culture of give

Speaker 1  03:40
it away, make it easier, make it better make the client give the clients whatever they want. And here's the challenge with that. When Katie and I took over the business, we couldn't run it, there was no way to have clear processes, there was no way to have clear structure, there was no way to even have clear deliverables, because almost every client was getting a custom deliverable, because they had been accommodated, this will crush you. It crushed us, we ended up running star power for a couple of years, we tried to make it work. Unfortunately, Howard ended up passing away and then we had to close down star power because we could never get it to the point where we wanted to run it. There was so much accommodation, so much customs, so many one offs, and so many people who felt like star power over them because they had been accommodated for so long. We decided to shut the business and walk away from it. You know, there's I had another experience like this very similar. There's just recently, one of our clients had a event where she had her whole team come into town and I went and spoke to our team. And instead of coming with a prepared presentation, when I do often when I'm speaking to a client's team, is I just go in and ask what they need and find out where they are and see how that I can help them. And when I started asking around the room, what was going on, I said, What's the biggest issue you're dealing with. And here's some of the things I heard, I'm overwhelmed, I can't get everything done every day, I feel like I'm being punished every day, we feel like we're we all feel frustrated, we feel like we can't deliver it. And I started writing these things down on a sheet of paper in front of the room like punished, overwhelmed, can't deliver too many different things too frustrated, starting to not like clients feeling negative about the position, this is what I heard. This is what I heard from a team of about 40 people in a room. And at the end when I wrote down all of these problems. And when they express problems in the business, what they were

Unknown Speaker  05:21
clearly expressing was overwhelmed

Speaker 1  05:22
and not ability able to deliver in all of

Unknown Speaker  05:25
the symptoms of accommodation.

Speaker 1  05:29
So when I was writing the done writing down everything I turned around, and I said to everybody, here's what I read on this sheet of paper, you all see the problems you're experiencing, I see how much you're accommodating your clients. And I remember if somebody in the audience said, What do you mean accommodating clients, I said, here's what I can tell just by the way that you guys have expressed where you're feeling pain, and just by where you've expressed that you're feeling challenges in the business, all of these things, being overwhelmed, not being able to deliver it feeling frustrated every day, not having a clear process, and not knowing what to do not knowing what to tell the client. All of those are symptoms of a company who has a culture of a combination. And I told them all I think you guys are saying yes, way too often to clients. And there was one of the girls in the eye and said, Wait a second, do you mean we're allowed to say no. And I said, Absolutely. Because the more you all accommodate

Unknown Speaker  06:19
your clients, the more

Speaker 1  06:20
you train them to expect to get special treatment from you. The more you accommodate your clients, the more you teach them. That's how you do business. And the more you accommodate your clients, the more accommodation they will ask for. Because here's the Epiphany bridge, here's the switch, here's the reversal that I need you to understand is we feel like we must accommodate our clients in order to get them to work with us. However, when we accommodate clients, we expose

Unknown Speaker  06:45
ourselves and our team, let me

Speaker 1  06:47
tell you why this is so important. So number one, entrepreneurs are going to test you constantly if you're selling entrepreneurs, whoever your clients are, but if you're selling anybody in the business world, if you're selling anyone who and really, it's not just entrepreneurs, but any group of clients is going to test you constantly, they're going to test to see what they can get, they're going to test to see how much you accommodate, they're going to test to see what you'll give them. And the more you do, guess what, the more you will, they will request, the more you accommodate the more they start to understand that that's the culture of your company. So when you accommodate a request, even a single request, you teach your client that this is a culture of accommodation, let's go back to that client. I was just talking about who I when I was training her team,

Unknown Speaker  07:28
one of the I asked like what

Speaker 1  07:29
type of accommodations are you guys doing? And one of the the women said, Well, I have all my client calls on Tuesdays. But I always have clients that want me to do on different days of the week.

Unknown Speaker  07:37
So my weeks end up crazy, because I do

Unknown Speaker  07:39
some on Tuesday, some on Wednesday, some on Friday. And I

Unknown Speaker  07:42
said okay, well, that's easy. You just tell everybody, they need to do it on Tuesday.

Speaker 1  07:45
And I and Jason, what can I do that? And I said well, in your business, here's what you guys are doing, you are providing your clients, and this is an agency. So they're providing their clients with leads with business, with sales, with growth, with momentum with everything

Unknown Speaker  07:56
that an entrepreneur wants.

Speaker 1  07:59
That's what an entrepreneur wants out of their business. They want your product like crazy. And if you accommodate them, they'll take it. But if you say no, they'll turn around and say, Okay, well, I guess I have to live with this. And the more you accommodate someone, even for changing the time of a meeting that you would normally have scheduled, the more that they start to think,

Unknown Speaker  08:17
Hey, I run this place,

Speaker 1  08:18
I'm managing this, I've got this, I'm going to take care of where we need to do what another reason why this is so important. Accommodation does not allow for processor structure to be built. Because you can't build a processor structure around a constant culture of accommodation.

Unknown Speaker  08:34
When you have a process when you have a structure. When you have a delivery system. When

Speaker 1  08:36
you know exactly how you deliver something, it can happen the same way every time your clients get a consistent result, they have a consistent experience. And they will be successful. When you start accommodating, you literally break down the process. So let me give you a simple example. I get this request all the time, I'll have people reach out to me and say, Hey, Alex, will you jump on a sales call with me? I think I want to work with your company. And I'll say, Hey, I'm happy to answer a few questions here in chat. However, if you want to work with our company, you have to go to one of our sales specialists. And they'll say but we know each other, and

Unknown Speaker  09:04
I'd rather talk to you and I tell them

Speaker 1  09:06
like hey, if I get involved, I break the process, we have the system and a structure for bringing people into the company, I want you to get the same experience as all of our successful clients, I'd much rather connect you with one of our sales specialist. So even when it comes to getting the deal, I will not accommodate our process because it breaks. If I jump on a sales call, then the entire process is

Unknown Speaker  09:25
broken. Believe me, I am

Speaker 1  09:27
not good at all the details and the systems and the structure needed to not only have a sales call, but to close the deal and set somebody up, we're much better going through the process that we have in our company. And then here's another reason why this is so important accommodation. and building a culture of accommodation where you do what the clients request constantly will break down your team, it will break them down, it will exhaust them. When I wrote down all the challenges that that team was experiencing on the board, it was a list of you the things that you would never want somebody to use to describe your business to describe your company. And what we realized was it was self inflicted, because there was so much accommodation in that business, that there was no way that the team was going to be able to succeed when you have to have all your client calls on Tuesday, and then you spread them out over three days. And then you're trying to fill in in between and you're trying to use your own effort to fix the combination you made, you

Unknown Speaker  10:17
will always feel

Speaker 1  10:18
behind and it will stay broken. So here's what you need to know. No here here. And this is a paradigm shift that I think is so crucial for you to understand here comes if you're writing stuff down, write this down, decreasing accommodation in delivery increases your value. Decreasing accommodation and delivery increases your value. When you tell someone This is how it's going to be this is how we deliver this is what you can expect this

Unknown Speaker  10:43
is how you're going to experience it and then they do

Speaker 1  10:45
it increases the value of your delivery. clients want to know that there is a well thought out process it there's that it's been looked at

Unknown Speaker  10:53
that has been thoughts were that it's successful, they can anticipate

Speaker 1  10:55
what's going to come next. And when they can, it actually makes you look better. The unless you accommodate the more value you have. Decreasing accommodation also improves delivery and consistency. Every accommodation you have is an exception. Every time you make an exception, you create a place where something can break was a process can break down where a system can fall apart, where continuity falls apart. And so when you decrease accommodation, you improve your ability to deliver consistently as a company and then here's a big one. As time goes on, a combination of any kind should decrease even more, you should push out as much accommodation as you possibly can from your business. Because here's what will happen. When you stop accommodating. When you stop making exceptions. When you stop letting your clients run the business, you will create a system and a process and a structure that runs the business for you. And the more you accommodate the more you break down your team, the more you break down your structure to make you want you break down your systems within the business. So here's what I want you to understand a culture of accommodation will kill you. However, when you decrease some combination, when you stop the exceptions when you don't allow them momentum will go through the roof. In fact, here's a personal share from me that like that exemplifies this, one of the biggest challenges I've had recently is not jumping on those sales calls not being the guy who jumps in and makes it happen. And I've actually had some really close friends of mine reach out in the past couple months and say, hey, I want to jump on a call and join the program. But what I said is, and what I've told them honestly is hey, you know I have a process for this. Now I throw everything off. If I jump on a call, let me send you over to one of our scale specialists. And what happens every single time, or what's happened every time is that even my friends have gotten on a call, they've gone through the process and I get messages back like wow, your process is amazing. It was so great talking to Jeremy or whoever they talked to. And you know, I appreciate how you guys have thought everything out. And it felt so straightforward and easy to understand. And I'm really excited to be involved. And you know why that happens? That happens because I didn't accommodate because even with my close friends, I had them go through the process that every other client does. So they have a consistent experience. So they have the consistent setup, so that I don't accommodate, don't break down the team don't break down the process. And they actually experience what they should by working with our business. a culture of accommodation will kill you drive accommodation out of your business, and you'll see momentum and success and your success and delivery go through the roof. If you're ready to start changing your business, and you are ready to grow in a way that maybe you didn't even thought think possible, let us help you. You don't have to do this on your own. In fact, go to billionaire code.com fill out a few questions for my team. And then you'll have an opportunity to schedule a call with a member of my team. So you can go through the process I was just talking about, here's what I want you to know

Unknown Speaker  13:43
from our team, there will never

Speaker 1  13:44
be high pressure sales, we will always meet you where you are. And then when you're

Unknown Speaker  13:49
ready, we're here for you.

Speaker 1  13:50
So don't wait to understand how we can help you when you know now you can anticipate when you're ready to work with us. And you'll know that there's light at the end of the tunnel billionaire code.com set up a call with a member of my team. And let us show you how we can help you grow your business, create momentum, make a massive impact and stop accommodating so that you can have a clear and consistent delivery process. Thanks for being here with me while I recorded that podcast. That was a lot of fun. So you can actually go to billionaire code calm if you want to set up a call with a member of my team or make any comment below and we will get a link out to you for you to attend our webinar tomorrow. The five reasons why companies that should scale don't scale. If you have a business where you're making an impact, where you are making things happen where you're creating the customer effect that you should be scaling. Join my webinar tomorrow, make any comment below we'll circle back and shoot you a link. Thanks for being here.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai