Unknown Speaker  02:59
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  03:00
Hey, Good morning. How are you pretty good.

Unknown Speaker  03:09
Good. Can't complain.

Unknown Speaker  03:12
Good. Feeling better.

Speaker 1  03:13
Yeah, good, yeah, much better. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  03:24
so where do we dive in?

Matthias Miller  03:28
Well, if you literally mean dive,

Unknown Speaker  03:38
yes, then logos,

Speaker 1  03:41
yeah, yeah. I like those. I really liked them. Like the imagery, yeah, I was just wondering, and I'm not a marketing branding guy, so my, my opinion, is probably worth two cents. But you know, should we have something that represents, you know, a desert or a pub within the logo? I don't know. I'm not, I'm not a that is not my expertise.

Unknown Speaker  04:14
I mean, I don't know. I

Matthias Miller  04:25
I always make the best decisions here either i

Matthias Miller  04:44
i would tend to lean away a little bit from the mic, because the podcast is just one avenue. It's not like it's the whole thing, the whole thing. I. A good point. How important is it to you to or is it important to you at all to have any Let me ask this question open ended. Are there things, okay, so desert, those are very obvious kind of references. Are there other kind of cultural or like values driven types of things that should be represented

Speaker 1  05:38
that's something that's something to process or to think about, because they may I wouldn't want anything. I wouldn't want anything that has a cultural stereotype attached to it. One big example would be like a cross

Unknown Speaker  06:01
on there, right? You

Speaker 1  06:03
know, like, what is that going to say to all the different people, you

Unknown Speaker  06:07
know? Yeah,

Speaker 1  06:12
so, nothing in that sense. But I mean, in our conversations, could we come across something that would be great imagery, yeah? But in, you know, off the top of my head right now, I don't see anything.

Matthias Miller  06:32
So we could go back and we could say, we like the the Dove, whatever that thing was at the beginning did not actually kind of like the eagle, but it doesn't really, it doesn't really have doesn't really make sense to most people, right? So that's the whatever that the second bird was, yeah,

Speaker 1  07:08
yeah. It kind of reminded me of like a phoenix rising from the ashes kind of thing. And I was thinking that I'm like, I like it, but then are we getting are we mixing our metaphors, right? You know, so, like, how do you explain that? And, you know, because it really is something that we're we're talking about is, like, in this whole process is, how do you recover from these detrimental things that happen, your glass shattering moment, you know, so it is. It is a theme of what we're talking about.

Matthias Miller  07:54
Okay, well, okay, so let's talk about desert themes. There's camels like a I had a friend of mine back when I was which I thought was supremely ironic. I guess most of my work had been with Anabaptists, suggesting that with a name like coat house, I really need to have one of those tall glass. What do you call them? Just beer mugs, branded. I was like, that's a perfect, perfect gift for the client, gift for the Anabaptists. I mean, so camel. Yeah, you know, glass, a glass of some kind, cactus, potentially Oasis, although that feels a little trite, never used. I

Unknown Speaker  09:05
yeah,

Speaker 1  09:12
I like that. There's something about, like, the iconic animal that I like, something very symbolic about that.

Speaker 1  09:28
It speaks a lot of it delivers a lot of messages without using words, you know, symbolically. Obviously, I like that idea, what you know, what animal?

Matthias Miller  09:51
Well, I think one of the questions is, are we looking for something mythological? Mm. Are we looking for something?

Unknown Speaker  10:07
Let me see.

Matthias Miller  10:14
So I mean, camels are the most obvious. Yeah, there's some foxes, meerkats, desert tortoise, Gila monster. That's interesting. Rubber drinking.

Speaker 1  10:30
I like foxes, but I don't know how that fits into

Matthias Miller  10:35
the Nick Fox and the Sahara. It is nocturnal in Hunts at night when temperatures are cooler. I'm pretty, pretty sure there's some cool symbolism. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  10:53
yeah, these guys are very distinctive.

Unknown Speaker  10:58
Oh, yeah, I like that. Ooh, the desert fox. Well, you know, you may, you may not know, um,

Speaker 1  11:14
like the imagery of the Fox throughout mythology. If you wonder this, no, there's, there is a, a, a old German myth, legend of a fox who goes by the name of Raynard. And see if you see, if you could find this.

Unknown Speaker  11:48
Yeah,

Speaker 1  11:54
so it's throughout all Europe. It's not just related to one specific area. I he's a trickster.

Speaker 1  12:15
Yeah, it's almost a symbol of speaking truth to power, kind of like this trickster who's like, very shrewd and,

Matthias Miller  12:34
right, yeah, cleverness over brute strength,

Speaker 1  12:39
cleverness over brute strength, yeah, anti

Matthias Miller  12:43
hero or rogue, right? There's not,

Matthias Miller  13:00
there's a really interesting play with, I don't know most people would get this, but with this of moral ambiguity, is the fox good? It's not good. Well,

Speaker 1  13:21
depends on which side of the issue you're on. This depends

Unknown Speaker  13:25
which side of the issue you're on.

Unknown Speaker  13:31
So all that to say I really like that imagery.

Matthias Miller  13:37
Okay, so what if we I we find the what if the dove became well,

Speaker 1  13:58
what about? What do you think about this idea you're using that that verse where Jesus is talking about being as innocent as doves and wise as serpents. What if there's like an innocence and

Matthias Miller  14:18
wisdom the fox, yeah, that's not as obvious as the snake in a bird, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  14:28
yeah, that's

Matthias Miller  14:30
really Interesting, right? Is there a I don't even know, what are desert birds? Are there desert birds? I.

Matthias Miller  15:00
Examples, the Road Runner, Gamble's quail, Cactus Wren,

Unknown Speaker  15:10
ooh, the quail on the Fox. Quail

Unknown Speaker  15:13
on the Fox.

Speaker 1  15:19
Yeah, well, the fox. Funny, like, the thing that's very interesting with Raynard is is there's usually satire involved, and the butts of all the jokes are the powerful the clergy.

Speaker 2  15:40
Like, I can see why you like this, right?

Speaker 1  15:45
But they never know that they're being made they never know that they're being made fun of that their satire directed them because they take themselves so seriously. Anytime he presents some sort of Jess, they're so serious that they fall into the trap every time, like they can't help themselves. You can see why this is attractive to me.

Unknown Speaker  16:08
Yeah, exactly

Unknown Speaker  16:12
like, oh, you that one?

Matthias Miller  16:16
Why the quail? What's what's intriguing to you about the quail?

Speaker 1  16:22
May just even know where it comes from, but like there's an innocence to them, like a a real industriousness to them. They're always running around busy, like they've got something to do, you know. But there's an innocence to them. There's a sword I'm looking for man,

Speaker 1  16:59
a naivete to them, and it's almost like, like to me, those two in Opposition really tell that story of innocent and shrewdness.

Unknown Speaker  17:19
I um, and even if, like, we were talking about potentially,

Speaker 1  17:36
like, to a certain extent, I don't know how this plays out, or maybe I was thinking about this, like, like, if you're taking the like, the YouTube route for the podcast, like having like characters that we actually play, and so there could even Be like The Fox and the quail within that I um,

Speaker 1  18:10
which I think is kind of interesting, because to avoid doing Business as usual, which is usually very personality focused, like, to intentionally Shun, like, the personality element of it, like, I, I don't know, I'm just running off here this, this is probably 500 miles down the road at some point, But I think that that could be really interesting.

Unknown Speaker  18:44
What do you think of the desert Sparrow?

Unknown Speaker  18:51
Because at imagery,

Matthias Miller  18:54
one of the reasons I like is then we have the integration of the Sahara. Yeah. But there's also this interesting hat tip towards you know Matthew six, trust, dependence,

Speaker 1  19:20
innocence, innocence. It's almost a child like quality and yeah,

Speaker 1  19:32
yeah, it's interesting just listening to Brennan Manning's book, pretty much one No, maybe ragamuffin gospel recently, and he makes this whole point about children, and why Jesus elevated children is they had no claim to to justification. You know, they they hadn't built their resume yet. So there's this innocence about them. And. And then that tie in with what Matthew says about, you know, him feeding the sparrows. And aren't you worth much more than those to him? You know, like, there's there. I like that imagery a lot. The Fox and the sparrow. I like it.

Unknown Speaker  20:21
So let's see if

Speaker 2  20:42
degree integrate a what was the fox? Oops.

Speaker 1  20:52
Ah, this is so good in these Reynard stories, Raynard trends, our stories translate difficult laws and legal concepts into common language, allowing people to both understand them and enjoy the legal predicaments and antics of the characters,

Speaker 1  21:18
like taking all the conceptual language around these things and kind of shredding it away and coming down to this is accessible to you now.

Unknown Speaker  21:27
Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  21:45
Keeps All right.

Speaker 2  21:59
Let Me which, okay, this is, I didn't Just do that.

Unknown Speaker  23:59
I can't recite it. I me, here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna

Matthias Miller  24:10
Okay. Which layout do you do? You have a preference between layouts? I

Unknown Speaker  24:24
I really don't I

Unknown Speaker  24:50
was,

Unknown Speaker  24:56
yeah, because we got i.

Unknown Speaker  26:48
Something like that. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  27:00
There we go, yeah, see what they come up With, see what they come up with.

Unknown Speaker  27:17
Yeah, I

Speaker 1  27:33
yeah, probably the worst person to work with, as far as like Legos and imagery goes, because I don't know what I want, but when I see it, I'll know. Well, I can imagine, for people who are like trying to create these things, that has to be so frustrating.

Unknown Speaker  27:53
Well, I think maybe that's just

Speaker 1  27:55
part of their work. You know, it's just what they get used to and what they do depends

Matthias Miller  27:58
who it is. I mean, I went through a fairly in depth branding process at one point, and they started from the ground up, which is, what are the words and concepts and values and all of that And and then, you know, and then based off of that, coming up with some imagery that captures it. And I think maybe even you know, what are some images that you're drawn to already, and things like that. So I think the skilled, somebody's skilled, can do it, but Right? We're not, we're also not gonna, unless you want to drop that much money on a brand, we're not doing

Unknown Speaker  28:46
right, doing that

Unknown Speaker  28:47
in depth here,

Unknown Speaker  28:49
right? All right, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  29:09
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  29:11
one of the things that I've been kicking around for myself is what's trying to figure out?

Matthias Miller  29:30
Maybe trying to figure out as part of the part of the issue, I don't really know, the integration of what I felt very clearly about a foray into corporate the corporate world, which I still am happy to hold with open hands, but it's still, you know, I. Plus this, plus, do I need some bridge income between now and whenever this can be monetized? And if so, what does that look like? And do those things need to tie together? Don't they? And I?

Matthias Miller  30:25
All the while recognizing that with the right connection, meeting with the sea tool chair on Friday, the right connection, this thing really could just happen. It can happen very quickly.

Unknown Speaker  30:40
Just explode. I

Matthias Miller  30:45
was talking with another guy about podcast promotion yesterday, and he mentioned his uncle is part of the entrepreneur Entrepreneurs Organization, and talking very openly, his uncle runs like a high eight figure company, and he and his friends talk very openly about the fact that We're basically addicts. Yeah,

Speaker 1  31:16
yeah. Once this metaphorically or realistically, what's the substance they're addicted to?

Matthias Miller  31:29
Usually, I think in business, it's typically just the next hit. It's like the next bump, like, Okay, we've gotten to, I mean, it's all it's all levels. For somebody who's just in business, it's okay, let's replace your income, and then let's hit seven figures, and then let's hit 10. Can we take this to 50? Okay, what about 100 All right, come on now. Now let's take this to a billion, or, you know, whatever, the right to get to 500 and take it to a billion and give it, go public with it, and right? And then it's, you know, let's do acquisitions. Let's speed up the process. It's, it's speed momentum, growth, scale, cash, everything, yeah, that's what I think.

Speaker 1  32:26
But do you think that's the surface manifestation? Like, that's what it looks like externally. But there's something going on behind that driving it, which is the just like with with a drug addiction. Cocaine is not the problem. Yes, it's the solution for the problem we have. It's a horrible solution, but, like, it's, it's, it's doing something. There's, like, what's the thing behind

Matthias Miller  32:59
there's, I'm a friend of mine who runs in a lot of these circles. He's often referenced Michael Jordan, and he said, and there's actually people who will, who will recruit like this. They'll look for somebody who has had just enough trauma to make them driven, but not not non functional, right, right? It's

Unknown Speaker  33:24
a thin line.

Matthias Miller  33:25
It's a thin line. And, I mean, I think it's different. People talk about it more openly than others, probably some more well, some talk about it more publicly than others. Some talked about it just straight up more than others. But I think it's invariable. But I would say 90% of the people who started their own business, at least did so that's a high number. Maybe it's not that high. 7% or more did so out of some kind of trauma response. Oh, yeah,

Speaker 1  34:20
I know for me like that, that was what was one of the major factors that led me into what I do. Like, I don't want to deal with my own stuff, so I'll help other people with theirs right in the beginning. Like, and I think anybody who's in this space has a certain amount of that, right, yeah. And the extent to which the amount of that you have is probably the extent to which you are successful or not successful,

Unknown Speaker  34:57
right? Yeah. Yeah, here Hang on.

Speaker 1  35:20
Um, Yeah, so that so really, what we're talking about is, across the board, we're dealing with addiction. With every human being, right? Everybody's addicted to something. Yeah, that's a fundamental point to get into those spaces. Who you know? Who are you? Where you come from, what's your addiction

Matthias Miller  36:13
when you're the whole premise is operating from the very confusing message from this lady that I've been kind of know or whatever. And she's like, just been sharing different things about my one on one sessions and stuff like that, and like, lessons and insights and ahas, and with that I've done with my clients. And she's like, you come across as having the answer. I'm like, That's interesting. Like, what you mean? Like, I haven't been doing anything more than what I've always done. Except, instead of tactical insights, it's, you know, philosophical, internal, I don't know, and, and she's like, You look like you're trying to attract people with the same pain that you're walking through. So I'm like, That's interesting. I I wouldn't be able to see it because I can't see me. So I didn't really know what to make of it. I don't know if there's anything to make of it.

Speaker 1  37:32
Yeah, maybe there isn't. Maybe there isn't something to make of it. Maybe it's just this is an interesting piece of information or viewpoint, I'll be aware of that.

Matthias Miller  37:47
I had this thought afterwards. Though, have you ever been around people? Have you ever done this where you've been embarrassed on behalf of somebody else? Oh, yeah, and it never occurred to me that with some of my have been increasingly, I don't know, open, I think not in a buried or sold, but I don't know. I had this thought, and after the messaging I was like, never occurred to me that there's probably people reading my content and they're really embarrassed for me for what I'm sure Wow.

Speaker 1  38:40
Well, caveat for me, at least how I view it. I'm never embarrassed for somebody when I feel like they're being vulnerable and honest about their experience. Never when I get embarrassed for people is when I see them covering up and hiding and trying to present a facade to me, that's usually where I'm like, Oh, wow, you're you're really trying hard here.

Matthias Miller  39:11
Well, and I think my observation is for people on the opposite side, which spend their lives covering right in or imagining, maybe rightfully so, tremendous amounts of shame not maintaining the cover. When they see somebody who isn't maintaining the cover, it's like, right? They're not professional. They're not they're not whatever. Yeah.

Speaker 1  39:42
It reminds me of when, when Roosevelt decided to set up the SEC just after, you know, in the wake of Black Thursday and the crash and the depression, all that kind of stuff he recognized. What caused that? So who did he choose to head the SEC first, the biggest scam artist of all of them, Joe Kennedy, because he knew the tricks, right? He chose that person. So it's almost like, and I think this is speaking to the point of, you're trying to attract people who have the same pain as you. You could look at it that way. You could look at it as I'm acutely aware of these tendencies in human beings, because I do them all the time, right? So I can walk through these things with people right now. That takes me being vulnerable, saying, like, Hey, I get it. Me too. I understand what it's like to wear the facade to play the game. I get it. How about we? We, we be honest about the game we're playing. Because I play that game. I see you playing that game. Can you be honest enough to believe that you're playing?

Matthias Miller  41:01
Right? Yes,

Speaker 1  41:04
that's how I would take what she was saying. I and furthermore, like, if I was in that position, I would never, would never communicate it in that way, right? It's like, because that's a very shaming way to communicate that. And I don't think it's, it's understanding the full picture. I'd be like, Hey, I see this going on. I see this, this, this, this piece. What's that? Let's investigate that. Let's put that out on the table. Let's dissect it and see what comes about with it.

Matthias Miller  41:45
Well, my natural curiosity and troubleshooting frame is, what can you like do you have, is there a post that specifically made you feel like this? Yeah, about it. And like, up until now, it's like, know your recent series? Okay, well, that's cool, but, like,

Unknown Speaker  42:02
what specifically, pretty

Unknown Speaker  42:04
broad, you know, yeah,

Speaker 1  42:08
well, and that's the stereotypical therapist, counselor question. Like you, you'll be, you'll be explaining something to me, and it's in very vague terms, and instead of jumping in and dissecting it because it's too big of a topic, it's like, let's just dissect the continent of Africa. Okay, that's a little bit too broad,

Unknown Speaker  42:32
right?

Speaker 1  42:33
What about this tribe who lives in the northern part of South Africa under these can? Oh, okay, so always ask, Can you give me an example of what you're thinking about, like a relational example, a situation? Oh, okay, then we can start to break it down,

Matthias Miller  42:52
which I mean, the crazy thing is, I've actually had this as a problem solving model and a life planning model, which is, there's two ways you can think about it. The earliest frame that I had was the ball of yarn, where I've struggled for I was processing this last two days. I've struggled for forever because I want to see, I want to see the end game, yeah, and all I have is this tangled ball of yarn. I remember early on. This is, like the lesson I keep coming back to millions of times, probably, but it's like, the way you untangle a ball of yarn is you pull on the string until you get once one part of it free, and then once you have that part free, you go find the next part to pull out, tease apart. And it's only when you tease it all apart that you can actually have a full picture. Yes, and really complex projects, really complex, like there really are no ways to manage really complex projects. And so I think for me, one of the, one of the things I was processing yesterday is, what if you don't, well, it's, it's another surrender of the idea that there's a destination to arrive to, right? But what if we had more of this idea of, if you want to go after missions, it's, it's almost like levels of a video game, of like, here's the sprint, or whatever this thing is, and we're going to walk through this and whenever we whatever it's. Even the concept of success at that point is is kind of cloudy, but, but you walk through this and you get to the end of the and that's when it's never, it's you never know what the next level of the game is until you've completed the current level. You.

Speaker 1  44:59
Right? You don't have the tools to understand what's going on in the next iteration without completing this iteration, right? Yeah, I've always liked, for me, that the imagery that's really stuck out in a process like you're talking about is like, I've got a bowl of spaghetti in here in front of me, and I'm trying to trace where this piece of spaghetti ends. How am I going to do that? I have to pull it out and lay it on the table. And then I wonder where this one is, and I have to pull it out. And eventually I've got all of the spaghetti laid out on the table in front of me, then I can see beginning to end of each one of them. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  45:48
very much the same way, yeah.

Speaker 1  45:53
I think something else used to think. I used to think in the beginning, metaphorically speaking, that every one of those noodles was connected to the other and made just a big, long chain,

Unknown Speaker  46:07
yeah, but

Speaker 1  46:09
in reality, they're not. They're disparate pieces and together, it makes a whole meal, yes, but every single one of those is not connected to the other, and I don't know what's connected to what until I pull it out and lay it on the table.

Matthias Miller  46:26
Well, that's where the IFS model makes a lot of sense, yes, and it makes sense to me that I think one of the things that makes a lot of sense to me is when you understand the fractal nature of the universe, of course it makes sense that who, who we are, could be, could be, could could be represented in such a such a way. And it makes sense then and but then that describes provides a framework to understand what you're describing, which is, it's not one cohesive whole. It's multiple components making up a whole. It's, yeah, and it's not just as simple as this one's connected to that one. It's, there's natures to the relationships, right? It's not like the whole,

Speaker 1  47:22
yeah, for me, what it looked like when I believed that it was like one long continuous strand just wound around like the the representation of it was, there's something wrong with me. I'm the problem. That was the cohesive whole. Now, I know other people could say there's nothing wrong with me, they're the problem. But either way, you're looking at a cohesive whole, right? But the reality is is each component within the system has a role to play, and nobody is playing that role perfectly. Their role. Everybody has responsibility. Okay, so now, once I see like, oh, this was my responsibility. My responsibility was to be the child, to listen to my parents, to study at school, to do this, that or the other thing, okay, that was my responsibility. Okay, now I can deal with how well or how poorly I did my responsibility. Then my parents had this responsibility within the system, okay? Now may, may or may not have done it well, okay. Then we can deal with that. Then my siblings, then my church, my school, like all of these systems coming together, yes, they are supposed to integrate, to create a whole for that system to work. But it cannot be any one part flaws that messes up the whole system. It's it's a it's a integrated system. So each part has its responsibility for the function of the system.

Unknown Speaker  49:15
So

Matthias Miller  49:21
I had this little rabbit trail, and I have all these transcripts where I dissected all kinds of things about software engineering, and I translated it to business, because business is basically systems and systems within systems. And even macroeconomics is just systems and systems within systems. You're describing this as relationships. One of the fascinating things to me about systems is that mean, fundamentally, an element, whether it's whether it's a micro system, macro system, there's always some kind of, some kind of input and output. But that is that is required, that that in each of these components. So I mean, extremely, fundamentally, you're going to the drive through. The drive through is a system of taking orders in which the input is what you would like in the output is what you ordered, but it's there's systems within that within which somebody has a headset. There's a headset who takes the input of what you said and outputs it into the computer. The computer takes it as input and outputs on the screen. The human looks at the screen. Inputs, it outputs the various actions, the fryer has an inputs burgers and raw burgers and outputs, you know, cooked burgers and like, this is the whole thing and so, which explains

Unknown Speaker  50:54
why I never get my order right at a drive thru.

Matthias Miller  50:58
You look at that, how many points of failure? Um, do we on the drive home from Nebraska, I put in a mobile order for for hot matcha latte, and it came back iced. And I skipped the drive through line because I didn't want to wait and go in and it's ice. And I was like, Oh, I thought I ordered hot at which point they just look at me funny. And I'm like, Well, I don't want to take the time to think about this, so bye,

Unknown Speaker  51:26
right. Anyway, it's an input output problem, input output

Matthias Miller  51:31
problem, and you can diagnose, if you pull the threads, you can diagnose where the issue was somewhere there was a team member who looked at it and misread what was on it or misinterpreted it, or, you know, and and came up with the wrong outcome. It's interesting. So I mean, but relationships are much the same way. I am. I am, you know, is input and output problems. Sometimes are communication issues. Sometimes it's capacity issues. It's just fascinating to me to think about that, right?

Speaker 1  52:15
Yeah, I mean, it really is on a on a highly technical sense, it really is simply just on the macro level, just an engineering problem. It's just, this is a system. It's engineered to run this way. It doesn't there are friction points. What are the friction

Unknown Speaker  52:45
points.

Speaker 1  52:48
You don't, as an engineer, you find a friction point, you don't try and manufacture a part that will create less friction, right? Cuz it's metal on metal, there's going to be friction. So there has to be some sort of lubricant.

Unknown Speaker  53:11
And the

Speaker 1  53:12
lubricant, from the beginning of time, has been love. Has been knowing and being known. That's always been the lubricant love covers a multitude of sins. You know, all these, this language around love. It's the only way the system works.

Matthias Miller  53:34
And in the absence of that, the only way you can do it is to try to build perfect match, which is, which is impossible, which is why you find love vacuums within high control. Let's just pick on religious environments, because we have to have, I mean, this is where the German engineering precision is, if you show up at exactly this way, so this person shows up at exactly this way, then the gears can turn

Unknown Speaker  54:08
and right, right. The

Matthias Miller  54:12
only problem is that you're dealing with humans and they're not clones.

Speaker 1  54:19
Yeah, right. It's like I when, when I was in Germany, 98 somewhere around there, I was astounded by the train system. You could set your watch by the train system when it said it was going to be there, it was there. And I started to think about it at the time, and I was, I don't know what 25 or so I was thinking, Wow, imagine the amount of stress and pressure on the people that have to maintain this schedule. What effect does that have on them internally? And I. I did not go any anywhere beyond that. I just remember having that thought, and I was like, I'm on vacation.

Unknown Speaker  55:07
They're not. They're

Speaker 1  55:09
not. Yeah, I'm not going to worry about that, but it's such a powerful thing, understanding how the drive for perfection Can you can approach that, but at what price? What's the price you pay for that? A lack of love?

Unknown Speaker  55:31
It has to be, yeah, has to be,

Speaker 1  55:35
even in their marketing, BMW, the perfect driving experience,

Unknown Speaker  55:40
perfect

Speaker 1  55:47
No wonder they've started so many wars. What else are you supposed to do with the aggression that's built up in a perfectionistic society? I uh,

Speaker 1  56:05
Wow, isn't it interesting that they had to have a scapegoat for the troubles of Germany, because in a perfectionistic society, can't be you.

Matthias Miller  56:18
Always has to be somebody else. Wait. Perfect perfectionism mandates a scapegoat.

Unknown Speaker  56:23
Yes, mandates a scapegoat.

Matthias Miller  56:27
Which, I mean, it's so blatantly obvious when you look at it, two comments, and I'd like a quick break before call at the top of the hour. But Oh yeah, perfectionism is one of the least 8020 things in the world,

Unknown Speaker  56:43
by definition, it's 100

Matthias Miller  56:46
zero and second of all, I keep being surprised by the level of when I mean just this happened last week. I sent somebody a calendar invite. They got the time wrong. I should put coffee shop. I was like, no worries. Like, I got stuff to do until you show up. Not, not a problem, and they're beating themselves up. I'm like, Just why? Like, it's cool. Like, why, why? And, yeah, you communicate when you're running late. That's fine. And but then the work goes on. We adapt. We changed. So anyway, I think you got the Zoom link in your calendar.

Unknown Speaker  57:24
Yes, I do. Okay,

Matthias Miller  57:27
let me grab a quick break and I'll see you there.

Unknown Speaker  57:30
Okay, sounds good. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai