Unknown Speaker  02:36
And as this sword

Matthias Miller  02:40
here we go. I hear you. Can you hear me?

Unknown Speaker  02:42
I can hear you great

Matthias Miller  02:49
Okay, good. I'm sorry, I'm been hauled in in lots of different directions. Wrap up this last little email.

Unknown Speaker  02:59
It's fine no problem

Matthias Miller  03:07
okay, well, I have good news and bad news. Okay. Good news is that mean this stuff is just off the chain like you. I was talking to my mindset coach and you know what does somebody have to be thinking or feeling to react like this. And it's clear that they have to feel like they're absolutely utterly 100% Out of control doesn't justify it. But it is what it is so.

Matthias Miller  03:51
So here's, here's a little bit of an update what happened? They the patron next month, they sent an email saying they want to cancel. They didn't say anything about timeline they said they want to discuss. Then they said, and this is this has not been cleared across everybody. There are people, there are stakeholders who have not been included in this conversation. And I'm forcing their hand to get all stakeholders in the room to agree on this. They said we're switching to a lead generation company called the Shut up. Their biggest win that I can see, I'm going to ask them when I have the chance we haven't we spent a lot of time wrangling just about soccer stuff on the call. They are very difficult to communicate with. But finding out what they think is their secret sauce. They say they can get leads for seven to $20 a lead. And the only thing I know of is that somehow the 3d Configurator increases Website Conversions. But I want to get my hands on numbers, I've got a friend of mine, who uses them for numbers. And I'm pretty sure he would allow me a peek into his account to take a look at it. And in exchange, if I'm willing to sit down and have a coffee with him and let him pick my brain about anything, he wants to be happy to do that as an exchange. He gave literally said, like, I mean, this is, this is the extent of it, he literally said it would be better. He made a comment the other night, that it would be better for him to completely turn off all ads, then the the red is another check. And with no consideration about what how this would impact the sales team, no consideration of what he's built. He's not thinking through any kind of implications. Now.

Speaker 1  05:55
Just to be real clear, was that a purely monetary statement or something else?

Matthias Miller  06:01
Monetary. So somehow he got in his head, that total sales costs should be 3% of generated sales. And that's industry standard. In our management fee. It's not viable, you have to be at 10 million a year or something like that, to make that actually work, no matter how insanely low your lead costs are. I don't know what it is 10. I don't know what and I don't know what it is, it's a high number, I don't know. And he refuses to give me information that they have this pattern of, we don't like somebody we don't like their pricing, we're gonna go find another vendor, we're gonna come back to them. We're gonna counter we're gonna drive the neck, we're gonna we're gonna tighten the screws. And we're gonna get them to give us the same deal some other vendor is going to give them this is a pattern of leadership. I'm not okay with it. I'm not going to tolerate it. If they're not willing to fix it. It's really unhealthy. And I have bigger fish to fry. I mean, either either they're going to either we're going to expand our engagement. I'm trying to figure out how to, I don't know. It's a game of chess right now. But, but bottom line is, your, let's figure out a way to wire you the money for next month. You You just I'm not giving them a refund, if they if they say they want a refund on adspend. I'm willing to do that. But

Unknown Speaker  07:44
I only spent it right.

Matthias Miller  07:49
Yeah, that's correct. Yeah, exactly. Well, we'll wait until everything builds out on my card, run the final numbers, do a tie out. figure everything out from there. And then we will issue them, I will issue them a refund for ad spend. But that's the only thing that they're getting back at this point. The setup is a lead generation company. They have a 3d visualizer they're managing many accounts. They're charging. Well, 50 for managing Facebook, Google accounts are charging 500 for a Facebook account. You and I both know there's no way under the sun that they can actually like sorting through so much stuff right now. But they're running for campaigns. And like, you know, how many campaigns you have running, and you know, how many you've created? Like, it's a completely different story. So yeah. Um, I wouldn't say the story's over until it's over. Because for technical reasons, they can't switch over to this vendor yet. And we are, they're focusing their development on accounting processes. And if they want to deep do deep integration with a 3d visualizer, that's beyond the scope of development capacity that we have for the year accounting has annual annual timeframe based and it cannot move, or it bumps a whole calendar year. So and so they have, I mean, they have their gun to their head, like, we have to fix this problem and yet, fill in the blank, I don't know, whatever, like. So they are limited in how fast they can move. The owner wants to move quickly. But all of the stakeholders are pointing out all the problems and flaws in his decisions. And he's getting called into meetings where the only I mean, this kind of I think I mean this kind of way. But the only reason he doesn't look like a complete fool is because he's not opening his mouth, like this plan is not formulated at all,

Speaker 1  10:11
doesn't really have a plan issues. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  10:15
there is no plan really. So here's along with this. Okay, so here's where I think some possibility might exist. Well, at first, I was like, Hey, maybe I should introduce John to these guys. Like, sorry, maybe I should introduce you to these guys. Maybe you want to buy media for them. Then I'm like, I listened to these guys talk, I have a friend of mine who worked for this company. We spent an hour. Okay, we spent an entire hour telling them, they were trying to pitch us on processing all of our orders completely through their system. And we spent an hour trying to explain to them that that's not possible, because it would require development integration that we don't have capacity for. And at the end of the call, basically, what we got through was saying, we're using you as a lead generation system, because we don't have development capacity to do anything else. And we didn't get any other, barely any other questions answered on that call. And this is with like, Me, a top developer. The owner gave and well, two owners, and Wayne from the management company. So you, I don't know that you would want to do this anyway. But if you want to buy if you want to do lead gen for a ship company, I would highly recommend you not do it with them. It's just there's, you attract who you are. There's the bottom line. And maybe there's a reason we're drawn to the Shut up. I don't know what it is. So meanwhile, they want me to engage with Well, meanwhile, I had somebody else threw their hat in the ring for the sales consulting. She says you need to answer today. There's no way we can get an answer today. As far as when we even be ready for this. We need to have conversations about software platforms and things like that. And I mean, bottom line. I can't even hire Robert, until this gets nailed down. And I'm not going to hire Robert until they commit me to keep me all the way through that it's going to be with stipulations. Yeah, yeah. So it's, it's an utter mess. The best thing about this whole thing is as painful as it is to look at the revenue, and the potential impact, and I think it's it, it's painful for both of us, I think, probably more more so for you than it is for me, but maybe I've got a little bit more runway, but for myself, it has been incredibly eye opening to be able to navigate really difficult conversations and put issues on the table and and firmly force people's hands to look at things that they had been ignoring. And I don't know if they're willing to change. That's the giant question, but it's been a huge. I feel like I've experienced a lot of growth over the last three weeks from those conversations. That's been really Yeah.

Matthias Miller  13:47
So they said, so I said, Well, you're proposing to go to the setup. Would you? Would there be value in having Jonathan's involvement? And, or would you be willing to pay well, they basically said we'd be willing to pay Jonathan. You know if the share that wants to train Jonathan on what they're doing, what their secret sauce is, that's gonna happen to Jonathan, he'd be willing to. Yeah, so there you go. I don't, I don't really know what to do. I would not be opposed at all. If you would want to pack up your toys and go home and say well, you wanted to fire me. There is no plan B. You guys have been. You guys have really been unreasonable recently. Most of them are encouraging you to do that without a plan B. I'm open to talking about what a Plan D is for you. Know how much I can lend you In that, I mean, let me share one more thing, kind of verbal verbally, giving a lot of information to you and hopefully will make sense.

Unknown Speaker  15:09
It's fine, keep going,

Matthias Miller  15:09
I think where I have shaken free from is in the past, I was convinced that I immediately wanted to get to some kind of scalable model. And I no longer convinced that I want to do this. What I would be absolutely delighted with right now is if I could be VP of Sales and Marketing for a company that is run by people who know what they're doing, and are emotionally healthy. And for myself, personally, that's where I want to go. Now, if the if you want to do legwork, and grunt work, there's a few things that could potentially be interesting gigs. Number one, it could be basically add skills for the shed industry is dead industries in a downturn, there's a lot of panic, it's a lot of immature business leaders as a whole. They're getting squeezed from post COVID, it's gonna bounce back. But then we're also coming into recession. At some point, it does typically do well during that time. From what I've heard, or it's pretty resilient during that time for what I've heard, I don't know. But can we pick? Can we You, however, pick up enough? I don't know, can we pick up? A dozen and a half 1k a month? Clients who want to add skill stuff type of content, specifically for the shed industry? And we're not so that's option one. Option two, is I have this identity resolution traffic, do we go find some folks who'd be willing to do a, I want to get business started. I wouldn't be a founder in this business. Turn on identity resolution. You process you we process the leads through an inbound team, we process through them through cold email. And once we've warmed up the lead to the point where they feel that a quote or something from the website and from the customers website, then we you know, then our job is done with the lead. And we're basically doing I mean, instead of retargeting just on Google and Facebook are retargeting through cold email and through cold calls.

Unknown Speaker  17:44
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  17:50
Option C is I don't know, Jonathan, I don't have a lot of this drop of the hat. Like, here's how you quickly replace 15k of monthly revenue.

Speaker 1  18:09
Okay, and I don't want you to feel I really, really appreciate that you care. But I don't want you to feel like you got to come up with options are picking up the pieces or anything like that, because it's not. That's not how it works. And I don't want you to feel obligated. I

Matthias Miller  18:28
understand, and I agree. But I do want to say that if so we don't have search intent. Audience data on this on this dataset yet. But if there's a way that you can use my capital audience pixel to get free traffic, or to boost I don't know, fill in the blank. I'm, I'm sure there's low hanging fruit in our engagements together, or in things that I have access to, that I would be willing to give you use of if you can devise a plan to go utilize it. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  19:09
Guys, yep, I appreciate it. Probably need to Yeah, well, no real comment at the moment and probably need to think it all through a little better. I am just for context. So I mean, I've been sick off and on for what, five weeks now and I'm pretty sure that as low as I can go and I have been feeling a little better the last. I don't know a couple of days. I'm finally starting to be able to eat a little bit again. And I think once I'm healthy, I'll be able to think and scramble and put some plans together. A little hard to do right now. Thank you. Your your last ACH arrived this morning. And that's that alone is a miracle. It's enough to keep me feeding the kids for another month lease. So that helps a lot Yes, I'm sorry.

Matthias Miller  20:02
Do you want to check? Sorry, go ahead. Do you want to check or wire for the bat? Do you want to check or a wire for the balance? I'm happy with a check if that's soon enough for you, but if you need a wire to get it sooner, I'm happy with that.

Speaker 1  20:12
I do not need I do not need it sooner, whatever is convenient for you will work for me. The biggest Okay, so let me go back a few notches, the biggest substantial let me back up one more notch. So the way I'm looking at this is had a good client clients, not happy clients gonna do something else. That's that's not a new story. I've lived through that several 1000 times, well, not 1000s. But you know, it really literally is agency like they either are gone before the third month is up, because they're that kind of person or they stick around for 234 or five years. And then that's the you know, I don't know, it's just kind of, I don't mean to sound like, the world couldn't be better. But I'm pretty used to it. And I don't think I'm the only agency owner that experiences that either. So

Speaker 1  21:13
yeah, yep. So with that in mind, I'm just looking at like how to appropriately decelerate and wrap this up. The I have two people on my team, I need to fire. And honestly, it's the fairest of them if I give them a little bit of advanced warning. And that's Alex and Mark, the two people who helped me run Facebook ads. So Mark is a longtime team member, but I had him on years ago, for another client that has since gone away. So like when truepoint goes away, I don't I don't really have anything for Mark to do. And it will save. It'll save me some cash flow if I end up not paying them through August. So it's coming like I can. And I'm kind of talking out loud here a little bit. But it's kind of like if we knew for sure that truepoint was going to close down their ads at the end of August, I would probably go ahead and let Alex go and Mark and I would just kind of ride the wave down to the last day in August. Does that makes sense? And so I guess I say all that to say that facts on timing matter more to me than just about anything else at this point. Than I do here. I do. They don't really have a way to jump ship because they say they want to do it now. But they don't have an alternative. So maybe we won't be now.

Matthias Miller  22:49
I mean, we couldn't even get to the to the part of the call today about when can you onboard us? Yeah. And that's what I need to discuss on Monday is tomorrow's the first of the month, Gabe said we should turn off the ads. Are you guys on board with that? We've you guys did not tell me the timing. Nothing has been paid. You've been paid to sign of good faith that you wanted to continue through August. We don't have to continue beyond that. Where do you want to go from here? Yeah. So you'll clarity. That's, well, if they set an appointment, I don't know what to do if they don't like business as usual. I mean, I don't know what else to do besides saying you guys said business as usual. Like I don't know. I don't know.

Speaker 1  23:48
I'm assuming you would just continue to push for a stakeholder meeting. Who is there anybody in the equation? Who is like, not quite on gave side? I'm not looking for adversaries. But there's somebody else who would think like, oh, wait a minute, we're gonna lose business over this. And the night

Matthias Miller  24:08
when Dwayne and impossibly the sales manager in Indiana. I mean, Dwayne is so he's like, I've been around I've been on this roller coaster. He's like I almost felt bad for my comments on the comments and questions in our software call this morning. But it was blunt it needed to happen. I mean, it was maybe not even that blunt. You know how I am? Probably well, even that's probably not. Probably not, feels like it to me because of normalized being whatever, but is what it is learning. So he's 110% on board. He and his wife are completely fed up with how they're running this business. And I mean, so he would be and I will do everything within my power. I want to make sure that he's on that stakeholder stakeholder meeting as well. He doesn't want to get involved, because he doesn't want more responsibility, but nothing else he and I can chat back and forth during the call and yeah.

Speaker 1  25:18
Okay, here's another question. I know game said that 3% figure and all that, but at the end of the day, what really bothers gay? Is it the service fee? Is it the total expenditure? Is it because I don't believe the boss about it being the CPL, it's just not. It didn't, they didn't do any CPL analysis and come up with a reason they couldn't afford that. I don't believe that. Or if they did.

Matthias Miller  25:47
And he can't stand that he's got a cousin using a managed agency that's charging something like 13 to 14%. Commission on entire sale for sales, marketing, sales and marketing, and management. He can't stand that somebody else, I think he can't stand that somebody else is winning. And he's not. I think that's the biggest thing. And the shed guys promised him low CPLs. But nobody grilled them on whether they can hold to their promises. And nobody got them as far as the volume of leads, they can produce at that Cpl. And the information. And it's, but I actually sent like a nine page email. And I said, at the very end, I proposed times to talk. And next thing I know, Gibson's email says, hey, when can we talk? I'm like, it's at the bottom of my email. Like,

Unknown Speaker  26:45
that was a word. I

Matthias Miller  26:46
say, practice shotgun. Yeah, exactly. Right. And I know that's perhaps not the best way of communicating. But like, there is, don't go around saying that. We're completely knuckleheads, either, when we're giving you very thoughtful and critical advice on what you're about to do to your business. So yeah, I don't know if that answers your question.

Speaker 1  27:11
Um, some of it, it does it. And I know you probably obviously you don't know everything games out there and thought or penciled either. But just think. I don't think this is really numbers driven, I guess just emotion driven on there and

Matthias Miller  27:32
gives feedback. I mean, Dwayne's feedback has been consistently that these guys go off and make emotional decisions and threw everything sideways. And he's usually left cleaning up the mess or make a logical question logical and rational questions about it. And I mean, I think the handwriting on the wall, they already if I told you this, one of their top salespeople is already under selling because she's so pissed at them. I mean, it's sad, ginger. If they ginger, yeah. If they turn off the leads, like that's insult to injury? Like I don't know if that's recoverable?

Speaker 1  28:14
Probably not. Yeah, there's a lot of horror stories in this industry is about clients imploding for reasons just like this. Just cannot. It's throw the baby out with the bathwater routine

Matthias Miller  28:35
it's all the trash stories and self sabotage and shooting yourself in the foot and all of that stuff

Unknown Speaker  28:46
I'm curious honestly, no, this is no audio laggy Go ahead please.

Matthias Miller  28:56
Alright, one last comment I'm not sure with all due respect, I'm not sure how you can be tightly integrated into the into an Amish community and be emotionally healthy.

Speaker 1  29:09
Yeah, let's take them out what she meant Wow. I was gonna say I'm curious if Dwayne ever saw that document I wrote about honor one reasons not set down their Google ads.

Matthias Miller  29:28
You might have you might not have read it. But it's fine. That actually would be a great question. Have you guys read that document? Yes or no?

Unknown Speaker  29:40
All the stakeholders Yeah, you know? Yeah.

Speaker 1  29:50
Okay, when you said you wish you could go be the VP of a good healthy company with healthy people. Did you mean like your own company? Are you referring to doing what you do, but doing it for clients or I wasn't sure what you meant by that.

Matthias Miller  30:08
I'm pretty convinced that I do best as second in command. I am a hybrid integrator visionary. I'd somewhere I sit somewhere in the middle, I don't know who I am or what I am exactly. But I like working with numbers and facts and information. But I also really am also highly empathetic. And if I don't create space with, with between people's requests, and take time to sit and think about them, I will make an emotional response to people's requests. And so, for what I'm envisioning, I have a little blue elephant sheet, which is how do you know when you find a blue elephant, which is kind of what I think I'm looking for, I don't know that it's completely geared towards VP of Sales and Marketing, but it is for is for somebody else's company interested in at this point? Okay.

Speaker 1  31:12
All right. Last thing on my mind today, I have not looked in probably a week. But when we first set up the new high speed pages that were supposed to lower CPL and all that it looks like things, there was definitely a bad spikes, which is probably just Google reorganizing itself. But then the CPL line after that, at least on Google is higher, not lower. So the new high speed pages do not appear to have done anything good for us. I mean, we get some sort of analysis simply that they

Matthias Miller  31:50
hurt us either.

Speaker 1  31:53
I'll go back and check out some actual data. Be interesting to revert and see if the change goes back or not.

Speaker 1  32:07
All right, well, I'm sorry that you're having to bear the brunt of all this and wrangle on all this with Sure. Appreciate you trying.

Unknown Speaker  32:24
How's the baby?

Matthias Miller  32:25
Here's what I will. Yeah, baby's doing great.

Unknown Speaker  32:28
That's good.

Matthias Miller  32:30
I get it was off all of last week, which is awesome. And then I've been working like halftime this week, like from five to seven and three to one to three and a little bit here and there as well. Which has been actually quite wonderful. It's been good to be at home with the kids. And it's been. Yeah. It's been good.

Speaker 1  32:56
Months. Great. Super good. Are you still in Round Table? Or is that over for the year?

Matthias Miller  33:02
Yeah. No, it's still going through the end of the year hoping to be there in person in September. And stuff happening?

Speaker 1  33:11
Yeah, monthly. How's that work is zoom calls.

Matthias Miller  33:16
Yeah, Zoom calls, like two or three times a year. It's a small group with just a few people in our few clients. Sorry, a few roundtable members like three. Another one is like all AMA and roundtable members who want to show up for office hours. Another one is a call with John Fancher or John Mackey. And then the other ones are the in person meetings, and that pretty much is the year.

Speaker 1  33:45
Are they saying about all this? Or have you not had a meeting in the meantime?

Matthias Miller  33:51
Perry had an absolute brilliance statements. He basically said, do whatever you need to do to boost your confidence. It means going out and getting some filling your pipeline. He's like, that's what you need to do. And he said most times, this is just like the school bully who needs to know that they're not the biggest, the other people aren't scared of them. And they back off. And, of course, there's the risk that they will. They might they're not my ideal client. And they're, if they're not willing to change, it's going to be just a slow train down the spiral of just a drips flow spiral around the drain. So what I mean that other folks I don't know if you've seen her post recently in the forum Barbara Hemphill, she's this grandmother, the lady who is like a kick started a bunch of the organizing industry and just continually history given me, fantastic, insightful and incisive advice. I'm having a meeting this there's another lady who specializes in workplace conflict. She's, she's telling me, she's been quite helpful in this conversation as well. So yeah,

Unknown Speaker  35:25
mate. All right, well, you're gonna hear me ramble on about something else for a second.

Matthias Miller  35:32
Yes, go for it.

Speaker 1  35:34
So I had another clients, they were referred to me, I think in January or February by someone from just some Brooks network. And they were doing a lot of basically Google ads for a lot of little local accounts, really low priced, but the, they told me originally, they were gonna do like 20 or 30 of these and I thought, wow, I'll take 20 or 30 of these at $1,000 a month or something. So they they never did, they only made up to five total. But the it's really low price for the whole, like for this industry as a whole. And they're like, pretty, they want communication all the time. They want reports once a week, and I went through the whole, like, there is nothing to report at this small of a scale and volume, like when you let this thing run for months, just to get data and they knew that and I told them that well, so I never really told them anything to their face, because I had a feeling he wasn't gonna last long anyway, and just figure it out, write it out while I can. And now we're going to pause it there and have a backup. So remember, the Wright Brothers group. So Rob and Digby and John v. And I left in your in your replacement. Remember that? I don't know what show ever talked about cuz because we segwayed out in and out at the same time. But I used to talk with him endlessly about of course, number one, and even clients has been the story of my agency from the beginning. And then number two is when I need clients, I have a tendency to like pick up anything because got to pay bills, right got to take. And then I ended up doing work that I don't like and it doesn't go well. And it's kind of not my thing. This is this is why I will not take coaching clients anymore, by the way, like it literally never goes good. So. So with that in mind, I was working with this guy and his small accounts and thinking like, I don't like this, but I never told him I never told him I don't like it. I never said hey, but I'm used to working on people bigger than you never like that. And when he when he told me this two days ago that we're basically he's gonna move the accounts somebody else. And he actually said about I can't quote him, but he said something like, yeah, Jonathan, I think it's pretty obvious. You're used to working with bigger accounts or something like that. It was almost like you read my mind from a distance. And I don't know, I kind of learned something from that. And in this has been a battle for me for ages, like, you know, working with anybody in order to pay the bills versus trying to work with who I want to. And I don't know, I must be getting old or something. But I think every some point where if it's not a good fit, it's not worth trying. Or something like that. Yeah. So

Matthias Miller  38:41
the only the only thing you do is you prolong the pain. Ultimately. Yeah. It's there's a there's cascading pain. That's interesting that he picked up. Yeah, it was very, very kindly and elegantly stated.

Speaker 1  39:00
Yeah, so I don't know. I just thought it was eye opening that kind of like apparently Clank can read it real clearly on the other side of the room, even though I never said it

Unknown Speaker  39:15
Okay, all right. Well,

Matthias Miller  39:18
on your house on your one quick question. Yes. On your health stuff. You see a path forward is it are you days away? Yeah. a month away from

Speaker 1  39:29
I'm afraid it might take a month for me to really get better. I got these sores in my mouth are like distantly related to canker sores or something and they're just a nightmare. Their foods and keys have been keeping me from swallowing and stuff like, just can't eat, but they are starting to lessen so by the time that goes away, I'll be able to eat normally gain some house back here.

Matthias Miller  39:56
Well, keep me posted on that stuff and let me know there's anything I can do and I will be in touch with you. So it's all the same deal probably processed your payment on Tuesday when I do my regular payables. Yes. And yeah, keep praying for for you and your help. And also just praying that God directs you to the client, that client or claims that you need to do what God's called you to do.

Unknown Speaker  40:22
Yeah, sir. Appreciate that. All right. Well, thanks a lot.

Matthias Miller  40:32
You're welcome. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  40:34
Yes, sir. Bye for now.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai