Unknown Speaker  00:50
Howdy, howdy, howdy, howdy.

Matthias Miller  00:55
Welcome back mark, hitting the ground

Unknown Speaker  00:57
running. It sounds like I have no, no,

Unknown Speaker  01:01
no choice if Dwayne's here.

Unknown Speaker  01:09
So, currently,

Matthias Miller  01:12
currently, the report is not recalculating, building labor and the labor intensive amount. But if you want to, we can just change the button to recalculate labor intensive to the new amount, and then you can then recalculate FTI off of that.

Unknown Speaker  01:26
Where does the where's the labor intensive math gets stored on the building record?

Matthias Miller  01:33
In the joint the the snarky answer or the extra helpful answer?

Unknown Speaker  01:43
Sure, I'll take both because it'd be fun

Matthias Miller  01:45
to be snarky answer is it's in the in the labor intensive.

Unknown Speaker  01:50
So you're aware?

Matthias Miller  01:53
Oh, that's a good question. Right here. Right there. Okay, snack? Yep. Got it. There's the help of one.

Speaker 1  02:04
So what actually, when does that actually get calculated? What calculates that? Is that part of the building being built? Is that is that part of automation

Matthias Miller  02:15
built, it gets calculated and stomped on there. So

Speaker 1  02:20
your report, it would be valuable then just to go ahead and add that to to recalculate as part of the as part of this report?

Matthias Miller  02:29
Do you have a building that should be changing for you?

Speaker 1  02:35
Okay, second, let me ask you different questions. Why does this report only feel buildings that are not district X?

Unknown Speaker  02:46
I don't know.

Speaker 1  02:48
If they said, Is there? Is there a reason that you I would say I would say just clean out the the exclusion of district debts knowledge that should be around. And now that if you if that date, you have to go in order to hit one for shed time, you have to actually go back further than then then May. So

Unknown Speaker  03:13
moving back first of the year, let's let's just try this.

Unknown Speaker  03:16
Yeah, and add a

Unknown Speaker  03:19
Okay. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  03:21
You're saying

Matthias Miller  03:23
Here we go. Alright, so this guy,

Unknown Speaker  03:27
these buildings that I was trying to recalculate?

Matthias Miller  03:32
So let's just make sure that this is this guy here. Does not have a labor intensive. You went into straight recalculating him now.

Speaker 1  03:43
Now, ultimately, should that add to the new production labor?

Matthias Miller  03:50
It should have actually, let's go into here. I was not paying attention to what it was. Or something. Yeah, it went from 769 to

Speaker 1  04:02
because it's not recalculating. Just highlight. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:07
It's just for your context. We are, you know, stomping in the labor intensive blanking out the FDI numbers and recalculating them. Perfect.

Speaker 1  04:18
Perfect. I like that word. Some of that kind of pops out. That was easy.

Unknown Speaker  04:25
That was easy. So it is it is how to get

Speaker 1  04:29
well yeah, it's all no it is. The button just wasn't recalculating the labor intensity. So now I can go actually right correctly. See, that actually comes up when you want to.

Matthias Miller  04:40
If we if we actually go back to Andy's gonna just recalculate all of these right away,

Unknown Speaker  04:45
by the way, there. There

Speaker 1  04:49
we go. Got it. Perfect. So those four would be district X buildings. Yes, that's

Speaker 2  04:56
two levels. And we didn't see the roll on that. But is that well?

Speaker 1  04:59
No I went and copied in the shed time, dog 42 When I need to go back and rewrite it according to the way it's supposed to. Now, this is let me ask you this, can we can I write into the room to say, dates that are greater than, say, five? So basically Max, the date thing that we're doing for the as update?

Matthias Miller  05:17
You'd say building build date is less than whenever. And then if Golding will do good.

Speaker 1  05:25
I'm gonna, I'm gonna ask a question that you're not going to exactly like, why do we not have the labor intensive? expressions on the company records themselves?

Unknown Speaker  05:39
isn't me.

Matthias Miller  05:44
But he gave too many chance. You guys didn't know what you wanted. And so we said, We'll give you a very simple, generic way to do it. Yeah. That sounds like I'm pointing fingers. But, I mean, we didn't really know what we needed. We just knew we needed some customizability. And flexibility. I'm not opposed to moving it onto the company record. I don't think it's

Speaker 1  06:05
is it? Is it possible to add it as part of the RG? Can the expression be added to the same row as the, like all the other groups, percentage calculations, so that it would actually automatically function based on the as of date, but it's good to know, we might well give a necessary like, really there? Okay, good. Go to a company, go to a company record. Thank you be something that's gonna impact us anyway.

Unknown Speaker  06:35
I don't care pick one.

Speaker 1  06:36
So can we add it as part of the building inventory percentage RG so that it's in place?

Matthias Miller  06:45
Good sales. So you would only have so you would only have one labor intensive based in the builder? Correct. So each time we came up with something, I mean, yeah, we could.

Speaker 1  06:58
I mean, I'm just I want to make sure that it stays neat and tidy. And like all of this stuff is together, I'm a little bit skittish about the idea that you go update a company record and whoever goes and updates, it forgets that there's this other thing, too, that may have impact.

Matthias Miller  07:12
Right, because these two end up, sorry, what's taking you away? Because it does end up tying into production, labor percentage, correct.

Unknown Speaker  07:24
mode in your positions? I just don't think that style is something that

Matthias Miller  07:36
Yes.

Unknown Speaker  07:39
So we have,

Matthias Miller  07:40
do we have any meaningful? You're really labor intensive? I do now that matter?

Speaker 1  07:48
Yeah. So let me ask you another question. So right now, for North Carolina builders. Hit mine, there, okay. So most of them, their their production labor percentage is 15%. And they want to write a rule that says if the building is a REIT is if the building is a district exhale, then we want it to be 19 and a half percent. And really to do that calculation, you're just doing the difference in math between the two percentages, correct?

Matthias Miller  08:17
I mean, yeah, it'd be seven and a half percent, you would add labor intensive of seven and a half percent. Get back in touch.

Speaker 1  08:26
It's not there's we're not you would not actually write a rule that says, if the building if the builder is, say, Andy's edited district X building, use nine and a half percent otherwise use but 15% can keep her.

Speaker 2  08:45
I had one conversation we had. We talked about, like, we have a default percentage for every builder. And then if it matches the rules, kind of like what Dwayne was saying, then use the other percentage instead.

Matthias Miller  09:05
Is that Is that how you guys? Well, do you have more than one custom percentage per? Builder?

Unknown Speaker  09:14
Yeah, yes.

Matthias Miller  09:17
How many custom percentages do you have?

Unknown Speaker  09:20
You're asking for within one specific?

Speaker 1  09:23
Oh, yeah, for there's probably about four different ones. But my question was more of a clarification, not necessarily a directive. I just wanted to make sure I'm, I don't necessarily have a dog in the fight on which way we go about this. I just want to make sure I was clear where we're currently at.

Matthias Miller  09:40
Mark I can't remember where he lived a conversation. I may have just made the jump to some conclusions in the conversation. I

Speaker 2  09:47
I can't find my records eat either. And I was offered six days so I'm not sure may never have

Matthias Miller  09:57
been. I guess my concern is This whole model has the potential for. I mean, without without looking at how all of these are calculated, I don't really feel like I've got a good sense of what's the simplest and best way to structure all of this, like the North Carolina example is a good example of something that would make sense as a something in app hosting settings. That is district level.

Matthias Miller  10:38
But it's not like there's one

Speaker 1  10:40
over here that it's not it's not it's not consistent within the district, though.

Unknown Speaker  10:43
Let's see,

Speaker 1  10:46
I think I think the rules are fine, right? I don't know that. Is do you see any any rate value in like? Do you want to say, like, do you want it to say either either or percentage, or just do an addition percentage in order to,

Unknown Speaker  11:05
to match what we want to do? I need to get,

Unknown Speaker  11:11
which is easiest to manage long term.

Speaker 3  11:17
Stone because I've got an order history to be ordered.

Unknown Speaker  11:21
Well, here's Okay, here's

Matthias Miller  11:22
let's look at

Speaker 2  11:25
for ship time, we have a situation where if this in my words, it's going to be if the building is a just right building, it is a presidential cottage or to district X building, and it has insulation paneling. So then we want to pay 3% more. And also, if it's a dog kennel, then we want to pay 3% More, and I think a dog killed me was just like building, it could be a presidential double panel. And if it's a district x, it's going to be a don't count. So if we know that they all pay the same percentage. Can we? Like for that one? I think it can, in some ways, be easier to have two or three different good, like, we have a set of nice, but then we have a set of rules for the for the cottage pretty important, rather than, Oh, I'm just gonna say writing like one wall long knee? Or, you know, if it's this or this or this or this, then you face that really give them something make it 3% more connected? Are you familiar with the bombers? That's probably two plus eight. And that's more how those are, it's you can write a whole bunch of different rules. And if all the conditions are true, then do this otherwise, without ignore it. I don't know, are we that might be too well.

Matthias Miller  13:12
What I'm getting nervous about is that we have nesting upon nesting. So we have her company for effective date for rule. And I think Dwayne can manage some of this complexity just by creating macros for is this a dog kennel? Or is this a cottage or dog kennel and just write that macro and however many times he needs to use it, he can stick that in there that

Unknown Speaker  13:40
that will.

Matthias Miller  13:44
That will apply where it needs to apply. I think that's one way around around that maintainability issue.

Speaker 1  13:57
I think in order to in order to keep this somewhat organized, though, I do want it in some way, as part of the building inventory, RG on the company record, just because it's all in one place. It'd be a little bit easier to it's less easy to miss something. If you're if you're making changes to percentages, and then can can we reference like as part of the row to as update that? Can that be functional as part of the expression as well? Or do you have to just reference that as part of the expression?

Matthias Miller  14:34
We would we would pick the Windward Calcutt. When so the process for calculating the labor intensive amount would be what is the rule as of the build date? Yeah. And then we would pull that and use that expression. You wouldn't have to handle the effective date and the expression itself.

Unknown Speaker  14:53
And I think that would that would help it be a little bit more tidy

Unknown Speaker  15:00
So let's do the absolute mark

Speaker 3  15:19
right what is this like a minor incidents it's this is their this is their incidents for change requests and updates and yeah it's their version of incidents a lot more extensive incidents for sure right

Matthias Miller  15:40
building rules there should be a building level solution that's added to

Unknown Speaker  15:49
all as part of their incidents just to

Speaker 3  16:04
get yourself in some system

Speaker 3  16:15
reach out just move on portable we're gonna have to hit the road soon or it can be rolled as they tell us more so

Unknown Speaker  16:28
yeah

Unknown Speaker  16:30
it'll be there tomorrow

Speaker 3  16:31
Wednesday and Thursday leaves probably brand new time Friday opening or setting up Roselawn lot and then doing dealer training and

Speaker 2  16:47
worry for you Thursday after we've got two of these would be like the ascension then make

Speaker 3  16:56
sure we're using thermal flight because technically it's close and then use their lot to do training

Unknown Speaker  17:03
or your training and New Deal or to new viewers to okay yes

Unknown Speaker  17:07
we're work while they're doing a lot Okay, they've got a new guy the guy for Fort Wayne

Unknown Speaker  17:10
and the guy for Rose long sword lingo

Matthias Miller  17:19
one question we used to have a or we do have a bit of an explanation in Oh, what is this? Let me see if I can find it with those.

Speaker 3  17:27
Here. See if I if only you can be able to view do and see share screens with us when you do your your your IFR calls. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  17:40
We have the labor intensive building notes, which I'm not sure they were actually using. Do we need to keep keep that in any formula Company record?

Speaker 3  17:49
I'm not going to be unhappy if you don't. Okay, let me just see where we reference that.

Speaker 1  18:00
Your since you're right there, remove that top rule because that was my testing rule. And I don't want it to write something

Speaker 3  18:06
which unintentionally so yeah, yep. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  18:15
I'm not even sure I think that might have been

Unknown Speaker  18:19
predominant predominantly here

Unknown Speaker  18:27
right?

Speaker 1  18:29
If we need if we need notes for the for the expression we'll just put it in the expression

Unknown Speaker  18:33
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  18:36
Makes sense. I just want to double check here that it's not referenced anywhere

Unknown Speaker  18:44
so this would be all right

Speaker 1  18:57
in the meantime, there's no reason why we can continue to mess around with it.

Matthias Miller  19:03
You can continue to mess around with it you can I mean effectively all you need to do really well as a date would be nice to have. Yeah, you can mess around with it. You just need to subset by builder and build date. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that makes sense. And then migrated over once it's live Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  19:25
They get cool should we I will.

Matthias Miller  19:31
Check and see what's

Speaker 1  19:32
how many more how many more minutes Do I Have you got time accessory items with the sales order where did where did that end up fall out? Finish out what what did we finish up on that?

Unknown Speaker  19:49
Um,

Matthias Miller  19:49
I'm just shot him over.

Matthias Miller  20:04
That's an Overton neck. And

Matthias Miller  20:12
probably the most reasonable thing would just be to quick take a look and see

Matthias Miller  20:25
oh, no, that's fun. Um, I can't give myself permission either. But do you need permission to view FDI? costs you and edit? Or maybe I can maybe I can get myself permission if it's in a group.

Unknown Speaker  20:44
Super, or to super administrator?

Matthias Miller  20:55
thing go? Bingo. Um, I mean, I haven't had a chance to read. I think there's I think the piece that's tying that's missing is tying it into the sales accounting Impact Report. But you know, I have a thing on the calendar for Monday to finish nailing the stone.

Speaker 1  21:15
Next question, plaid, plaid accounts. Have you? Have you talked with Whitney on getting those setup?

Matthias Miller  21:22
Yeah, when he's gotten the development tokens over. And the main thing I wasn't sure about is whether we should have a request production tokens right away or not, I think develop developer tokens probably would work. In which case is just a matter of tying them into the whiskey. And we should be able to start pulling plaid data in for you actually. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  21:48
What else do you have written down,

Matthias Miller  21:51
I have not done work on the on the plant side, one piece on that one of the things I was hoping to do on the plant, or I've been, we talked about the best way to talk to work through plant integration into accounting. My proposal was that I play around with a bit and figured out how these rules translate and come up with a proposal for for how to push these into accounting, just by virtue of playing around with it and reading some reports that work reasonably well on my end. And using that as a starting point, although I'm open to a different direction. The only issue with this this is I've been I'm going to be out most of next week. And I've committed most of this week to another project as well. So

Unknown Speaker  22:38
anyway, got it. Got it. Well, that was easy.

Matthias Miller  22:51
Do Mark do we need it? Do we need it? Do you need anything for the debt priorities? Call tomorrow? Or?

Unknown Speaker  22:58
It's not tomorrow? I hope not. I hope it's not

Matthias Miller  23:01
sorry. Do you need any anything for the Do you need anything from our AFR call tomorrow for Friday? Or did you still want to talk talk tomorrow?

Speaker 2  23:12
I think it would be good to just catch up on a few things

Matthias Miller  23:21
does that work for you to do Yeah it does. I had sent you an email I don't know if I didn't even check to see if he replied but does 1111 o'clock work for you? Or tomorrow

Unknown Speaker  23:46
yeah, now we're pulling up his Google Calendar This is what local Google Local

Matthias Miller  23:58
it's the demand the non cloud it's the offline version

Speaker 3  24:05
his his his spreadsheet appointments thing is pretty impressive here

Unknown Speaker  24:15
even has an

Unknown Speaker  24:15
even has a chat GPT button.

Matthias Miller  24:21
Well, if there's one thing I need to learn, Mark, I would sometimes be genuinely curious, too. I'm sure your answer is probably going to be it's not super, super sophisticated. But generally, I'm genuinely curious about your how you do project management on these projects and keeping track of things and how you organize it and and do all that. So

Unknown Speaker  24:46
the simple answer is I don't

Speaker 3  24:51
think he's just disappointed. He's Fair enough. One One thing you probably already come to know Mark is, by nature very detailed. So

Matthias Miller  25:09
come to know that and come to appreciate it. Absolutely agree.

Speaker 2  25:14
No, I did try different things but yeah, not

Matthias Miller  25:18
I don't know that I have

Unknown Speaker  25:21
anything that's well that's it this is

Matthias Miller  25:31
one of the things that I was listening to podcast earlier this actually yesterday, he was talking about the three three key roles they installed in some of their billion dollar companies. And number one was the project manager to make sure all the all the trains keep running on time, and coordinating projects, looking for blockers, et cetera. Number two was creating alignment with clients and team members, which is focusing on onboarding of both predominantly. And then number three was I don't even remember number three. Oh, it was the automations guy the efficiency, the efficiency and automations guy. Anyway, so So the that first one that I mentioned, absolutely caught my attention and

Matthias Miller  26:19
my mind jumped to you on you mark in the eye for project. So there you go. Good. Well, it's a good thing. It

Speaker 2  26:27
really excites me as if on a project. Yes. If everything is in sync, and the project is humming, it's amazing what? What can be done if it's not, it's amazing how much time can be wasted.

Unknown Speaker  26:45
Very true. Very good. Good. Awesome. Thank you. Sorry.

Matthias Miller  26:53
Thanks for that. Yeah. Good. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai