Unknown Speaker  03:04
So

Unknown Speaker  03:09
how are you?

Unknown Speaker  03:11
How's everybody today?

Unknown Speaker  03:14
did

Unknown Speaker  03:15
pretty good here?

Speaker 1  03:19
Good. So I, here's here's my thought for this and open to you guys input.

Unknown Speaker  03:25
I know that.

Speaker 1  03:29
Brock, I'm guessing you've got other stuff you want to do while you're here in town.

Unknown Speaker  03:34
Ash know you're getting ready for the meeting on Friday.

Speaker 1  03:38
What do you guys think about trying to keep this segment under? Like, under right at 30 minutes as well, and

Unknown Speaker  03:48
and just seeing what we can cover in that time frame?

Unknown Speaker  03:53
And sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  03:54
Yeah. No, I think that's a great idea. Um,

Speaker 2  03:58
so question for you guys. Brock. I know, when I mentioned the other day, whatever day that was, I've sincerely lost track of time. So this move is been incredible. We covered a lot of your personal journey, right? And I kind of said, you know, maybe we should spend focus this portion on, on and around the braver update, so to speak. So what what do you think the best way to tell that story is Brock, for you, I mean, what, how, what's going to make you most comfortable to get the most, you know, to, to everybody, because there's so many different ways we could take this, but I want to make sure I know, I know, you're in a real serious, you know, next phase. So I just want to make sure we do this exactly the way will be beneficial. You know, I mean,

Speaker 3  04:54
yeah. I was thinking like this last time, it was a goal of personal journey. But then I wanted to see if I could kind of highlight TechStars as well, just like, maybe begin there. With, because I think last time I ended with how I came here, I, you know, end up and came to the event. And I want to talk about coming into the community at TechStars. And just what that meant for me and dislike the steps that happened from there and to nail it where we are now. Because thinking

Unknown Speaker  05:31
crate.

Unknown Speaker  05:33
And Matthias What about you?

Speaker 1  05:36
Yeah, no, I think that sounds that sounds great. I get to my personality. So I just kind of ride along, go along for the ride. So I think that sounds fantastic.

Speaker 2  05:50
What is it? So So let's do exactly what you're saying Brock. And then what I'd like to do is, at some point when it's appropriate, I want to dive into your point. What you think your contribution is going to be in this field beyond beyond just bruxism, I think we need to highlight highlight that for bravery, right? outside of just just just one product kind of just, you're passionate about the sensor technology, what it can and can't do. And in kind of, you're passionate about that. I know, in Bach, I apologize, because I got some of this information from Brad a very long time ago. He he mentioned that you have got a lot of ideas about other things you can do as well. And what was most profound to me about when I got back and he shared your journey to me. And you haven't had the pleasure of hearing my story. But long story short, as Brad spent quite a bit of time talking to me about you and the hacks accelerator, etc. And it was a great way for for the particular product for braver, but we are not he really spent some time talking to me about your potential. Beyond beyond just your start. You mentioned that on our last podcast and I do I do want to just spend maybe five minutes on innovation in general for what's next for braver right to Matthias? Okay. We can do that towards the end, I'll figure out when to when to piece in. Let's just see how it goes in. But I do want to highlight that because my reading about what she's done. And what Brad has told me is that, you know, there's something very powerful behind the braver team. And I have come to understand that and I think it would be great to talk about that too.

Speaker 3  07:49
Okay, appreciate that might it might take me, a couple tries to kind of, hopefully eloquently say what I want to say. But yeah, I think there'll be a last one. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  08:00
shuts off o'clock at night.

Speaker 2  08:03
You know, mine quit about two weeks ago. So I'm on to. But the really cool thing is, is if you if you if you have a flu bar, right, just start laughing and call in stopped or whatever I mean, use a safe word, whatever you want, and just start over, we'll edit it out. Okay, and no pressure either go with what you're comfortable with. I know, this is a lot to ask you to articulate in 30 minutes. So we'll just go with what we count. But this is so powerful that in the first part of the interview was so great. So I just, you know, I just want to make sure that we get the Brock story, which I think we've almost closed in on and we get to braver story and it's going to be really beautiful. So thank you for taking time for this today.

Unknown Speaker  08:52
No, no problem. Thank you for the opportunity.

Unknown Speaker  08:55
All right, Matthias hit it off. You're so good at this. I'm not a good.

Speaker 1  09:00
Welcome. I've got it scripted. So that's how we roll. And Brock will probably open it up. Just Just for people who haven't heard part one.

Unknown Speaker  09:09
Getting a brief recap.

Unknown Speaker  09:13
By the way, actually, I'm getting that. That headset echo again.

Unknown Speaker  09:22
One second. I've only got it fixed. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  09:30
anymore. So funny. How's that?

Speaker 1  09:32
There we go. That's good. So so we'll we'll do a one to two sentence recap of kind of what braver is at a high level or you know, whatever time you want. And then and, and maybe mention I might mention part one, were you to tell kind of your story and, you know, kind of briefly where we're at and I'll let you cuz, yeah, we'll just pick it up from there. Okay. Welcome to the show. I'm here with my co host ash Arnold. And today we've got Brock predicates on the show with us again. So welcome back to the show, Brock.

Speaker 3  10:11
Hi, guys. Thanks. Thanks so much for the opportunity to talk about ice breaker and thought let me kind of break in.

Unknown Speaker  10:20
Okay, yeah, just go start over again.

Unknown Speaker  10:23
Oh, I'll just do my part. And we'll just share a shot. That's completely cool. I'll just say thank you guys. Perfect.

Unknown Speaker  10:31
Rock it up. A quick gonna be doing stand up right now. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  10:38
And you put the right hand you put sure

Speaker 2  10:45
you get the was out. You sound nervous. Come on, shake it off. You got the go. There we go. Yep. You don't be nervous. You've never met me but you've never thought I should totally fine. You're doing great. So don't even worry. Hey, the rest of hokey pokey. This myth I have to make a really cheesy joke. I will in a minute. Hey, it's gonna be recorded.

Unknown Speaker  11:11
We're gonna, we're gonna add an outtake with ashes. You know, pets.

Unknown Speaker  11:17
There we go. Okay.

Speaker 1  11:21
All right. There we go. Welcome to the show. I'm here with my co host, Ash Arnold. And today we've got Brock predicates on the show with us again. So welcome back to the show, Brock.

Unknown Speaker  11:30
Hey, guys, nice to be here. Thank you so much for this opportunity.

Speaker 1  11:34
Cool. So for those for those listeners who haven't been keeping up, we had a show with Brock just a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  11:43
Wow. Me too. All right.

Unknown Speaker  11:52
Here we get everybody good. Yeah. Yeah, get nervous. He's out. Okay. Good

Speaker 1  11:58
for all for all of you guys who have who are just joining us for the first time we finished part one with Brock and Brock talked about his journey with braver and the part that led him to rural Colorado. But for those of you guys, for those of you listeners who haven't had a chance to tune into that part, Brock, I wondered if you could maybe fill him in just at a high level and just share a little bit about what Ray was about and just briefly share about first product that you guys are bringing to market.

Speaker 3  12:25
Yeah, the general, broader mission of bravery is to help people reduce stress, eliminate fear, and conquer past trauma. And to reach that audience. I've had a long I've had a long journey to get here with our first product. Our first product is called brush relief, which is a diagnostic and therapeutic tool for clinicians and patients dealing with bruxism disorders. So kind of quickly recap on how I got to that and how I got to the mission of braver was went to, I moved to Bali, Indonesia, about three years ago, went through a series of accidents and unfortunate events, Motorcycle Accident Dengue fever, ruptured disc in my lower back, and all these things left me completely stressed out. And that's when I started waking up each morning with this pain in my jaw, and a severe migraine. And what it was what I found out, it was a manifestation of stress, which is bruxism disorders when you clench or grind your teeth at night. And so I went about on a mission to, you know, utilize biofeedback therapy, which is something I studied in college in the Air Force as a behavioral scientist. And so I went about building my first prototype for myself, building that and it worked for me, and it worked for a friend. And then I did some more market research and to see if other people have this have this problem, how many people have this problem and turned out to be a very big market, and so on this mission to turn this into a business and get this product out there. So that kind of was what started the whole journey. And I think last time, I got to talk a little bit about how I, you know, you know, came to rural Colorado came to Kansas City, it was just, I had stretched every dollar I could in that journey. And it just got to a point where I needed to, to come home to my spent my family grew up, you know, at least half my life here in Kansas City, in my youth, and came back and you know, but for the first I was kind of go into my story now, but kind of for the first six months that I moved back, I was parked on my, my mother's dining room with a 3d printer that I just bought. And you know, basically teaching myself how to use like an AutoCAD software that allows you to model things in 3d and teaching myself how to 3d print there in the in the dining room. And then Luckily, after about, you know, six months or eight months, I finally I talked to Luke chapter, Nick, who runs another startup here in Kansas City called river science. And he just kept each time I met him, he would say you need to come by TechStars, you need to come by TechStars and TechStars. Just it's a you know, a co working space here in the community. run by some, you know, backed by some really awesome people, Brad and Jason, and built this community and I, you know, I just coming back to Kansas City, small town. And I've lived in Denver, I lived in some big cities in my life and traveled obviously, quite a bit. But I had no I didn't expect what I found when I walked through the doors of a tech start. And just just the community, it can be the other entrepreneurs, just the space that they had available, just everything seemed a whole lot better just just from kind of an operational standpoint, just to get get out of my mother's dining room and actually have, you know, a space where I can, you know, set up my lab by my mad scientist lab in terms of getting getting this device to a beta phase. But beyond that, just what I found in the community was just just something I didn't expect, just in terms of all the things that are going on the small town, all the people pushing, very hard to bring industry here bring startups here bring innovative people and innovative minds to Kane city. It was just a beautiful thing I just I had not seen on this level, this is the level of ambition that is here. In Canyon city, I would put I would put up against anything I saw in Denver or anywhere else that traveled to so I was just very impressed by and so to be amongst that was just a huge step for me mentally, I would say.

Speaker 3  17:17
Again, I think last time we talked, I moved back here and I was basically building gardens, and greenhouses couple times a month just to just to keep going just to keep this dream alive. Keep funding the projects and you know, make money from my family. And so, you know, to be able to spend time around other entrepreneurs that had, you know, we all have our struggles we all have the things are going through the things we're striving for. And so to be around others and an encouraging environment. It meant the world to me at the time. I don't I don't think I could, uh, I don't know, I don't know, what would have happened, you know, like if i i given up or what, but just to be around others that are you know, so encouraging and just, you know, eager to understand like, what what's going on what you're working on? How can they help? It was just powerful. And then I you know, I believe that's another thing I believe but and this is another fun part of my story. I believe everything happens for a reason. So just about a month after I joined tech start there, I you know, I heard about this opportunity to raise money back up there. So a month after I joined TechStars in my office, stuff like that. And me and a former partner, we had just been going through some tough times. And this this partner was an investor, they were putting some money into the business. And it just how everything timed up with this. Stuff didn't, didn't go well. And the part former partner left left the company left the team and also pulled the money out. So basically, just as we're scratching to get by as it was, and then money was pulled, like overnight, like pulled out of the account and there's zero left in and, you know, me, Trevor, Andre, we're all kind of looking at each other on a phone call, like this is the situation? Well, you know, I put the responsibility on my shoulders, like I'll figure this out, guys, I'll figure this how we can how we can keep going. And again, so this kind of ties up with like a month after I joined TechStars. Then again, like something incredibly impressive about Kansas City about the community that Brad and you know, others are building here in Kansas City. They have this, I think it was called the EDC bullpen channel challenge event. Which The winner of the event? Yep. Yeah, the winner of the event as a cash prize, you know, no, no equity taken cash prize of $2,000 if you win the pitch competition, and I think that was like a week, like, Brad came in said, like, Hey, we're having this thing. Would you be interested? We're trying to, you know, round up some people for this event to go ahead and pitch. And so like, Yes, I'll do it. And so I went there. And just long story short was, was fortunate enough, there was some, I was impressed, impressed to say, at least by the competition, again, like, wow, factor in terms of what all is going on in Kansas City, I was just very impressed by that. And ended up winning the event. And that $2,000 carried us carried us another few months, to where we were finally able to get this investor that we landed, which is sosv, hacks, hardware accelerator. So I definitely believe, I think I said this kind of last time is just

Speaker 3  21:11
just the things that we go through the things that come to us, there is purpose behind these hardships, there's purpose behind these lessons, these things that we go through. And there's also just timing this, it's very interesting, when you kind of are fulfilling your purpose, and you're going after a dreams, it's quite interesting. How often, like, just things just happen to time up, you just scraping by and making ends leap, and just all of a sudden, something will, will come as an opportunity and say luck is when opportunity meets preparation. And I think that's what happened. So yeah, just very, very grateful for the the the community I found here, it's is very interesting in terms of a life journey that, you know, situations brought me home. And then it was because I came home that I I found the people to surround me to encourage me to keep going. And just just opportunities to keep this thing going forward and get to this point where we are able to go to China and get this product fully developed.

Unknown Speaker  22:27
So Brock, if you mind if you do i think i think you know, I think you put it so eloquently, first of all describing

Unknown Speaker  22:36
and also understanding

Unknown Speaker  22:46
community of TechStars

Speaker 3  22:50
I'm sorry, I think your your audios, your audio is cutting out it's getting really, really faint. Does that just me? Is that better? No.

Unknown Speaker  23:00
It looks better.

Speaker 2  23:01
Yeah. Is that better? Okay, great phone here scalar device. Um, I think we always try to say it every quarterly meeting because we don't get to all get together very often at you know, at TechStars. Especially because so many people are busy with their projects and traveling and moving on to the next season of the organization. But what I always try to call out for everybody is that I say tech start, specifically at CDC TechStars, I always say is my version of, of innovation church is what I call it. least every chance I get when I see everybody together. And I think it's a great foundation for somebody to go out and start a business and go carry that burden of of doing the big fight and the big time and what I'm most interested in hearing from you. And I think our interests, our listeners would be very interested to hear about his, you know, how you got through the bullpen, the bullring event which I'm sure was was interesting and fun all the same time. But then to go on from that to to prevent at the hacks accelerator, right? That was a big week, leave for braver, and you know, I am anxious to find out how you got from from here to there. But be I'm also anxious to hear how you feel. leaving home again. Right. There's part two of box creative ventures, you know, actually came home to get put back together kind of found a safe haven with TechStars. And then he went out in Maine on this incredible journey. And I'm interested to know did you feel do you feel now because I realized it's not over yet. Do you feel that you you still have that foundation back at home with TechStars? Is that is that kind of where beavers stories always going to be? The beginning? And in also know how did it prepare you to start? Start with the hacks accelerator program and then move on to China. Right. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker 3  25:10
The so what from from the Voltron challenge, I believe it was maybe two or three months, about two months later before I you know, just it just happened. Again, like all these things are just really interesting as you kind of step back and look at them, but basically, a guy who I now know his name is Lee Christie. He suffers from bruxism disorder. But anyways, he was looking online at different websites who's trying to find the solution for himself. And he comes across our Brock's relief Kickstarter page, which was you know, it's it's closed now. But he saw that we're creating this technology. And, and then he went to our website, basically, he got he saw what we were doing got so excited about it. He messaged me on the website, he think message on Kickstarter platform he missed, he connected with me on LinkedIn, and messaged me there and just like, he says, I'm an I'm an engineer, I'm here in Silicon Valley. Here's my portfolio of different projects I worked on, let me know how I can help. And basically, this, this guy, he just, you know, reached out he one trying to solve his own problem trying to find something to help him. But he just ended up being a very connected person. And so I, you know, I talked to him to talk to we had a video call and just like really impressed with how we're kind of going about things, how we're building this thing. And, you know, he like he got he offered some suggestions of different, you know, features, we can add to it, stuff like that, and, but also, he has connections. And so he basically introduced them some introductions, two different accelerator programs, that out there in the hacks was one of them. And so we got an intro to one of the founders of packs, which is his name is surreal. And I cannot remember his last name right now. But his first name surreal. He was like the founder of hacks. And so he made an introduction there. And thrill said, okay, you know, great, I'm gonna pass you to our team. So I kind of, I really feel that that, you know, quick introduction kind of gave us a little bit of a leg up the fact that we were, you know, recommended like, this, you know, brought pretty much braver, this, this startup, Scott something here and you need to take a look at it. So that kind of gave us a leg up.

Speaker 3  27:38
But we went through the interview process, you know, show them all the things we're working on, I think we did probably a total of two or three different video interviews, video calls with their team in that team in Shenzhen. And they came back to us probably goes around December, and said, No. So the hack hack said, you know, like, we like what you're doing. We like the market. You know, I think we nailed the market for this in terms of who you're going after. And, but we want to see, we basically want to see this being test, they're looking at mostly from the therapy side. So they're saying, like, we want to see this device, you know, bunch of users using it some data data here. And so I I wrote them back I them saying no, hearing No, is not, you know, something new to me, and especially after, you know, three years of pitching this to different investors and different, you know, accelerator programs, stuff like that. So luckily, they, they, they keep reading your emails, even after they tell, you know, so luckily they did, they did that for us. And so I wrote them an email afterwards. And I just said like, I appreciate I appreciate that. I totally understand it. But you you've missed, you've missed what what the real market here is our go to market. And I am our go to market is diagnostics. There's a huge market I see for their for the therapy side of what we're doing. But the the way we're going to get into this and the way we're going to reach our end customers through diagnostics through helping the dentist discover, you know, whether or not a patient has this disorder. So luckily, they gave me the gave me another chance. And this time, I luckily had my partners involved. Two of the partners on on the team are Dr. Salerno doctor, Dr. Crystal and Dr. Lu Schumann. Dr. Krista Lando is the chief editing Officer of dental economics magazine. Dr. Lu Shimon is a one of the contributing authors to dental products report magazine. So these are widely known people in the dental industry. And that's a whole nother story. That's probably another 30 minute conversation of how, how I got those guys on the team. But anyways, I have them, come on for the video call with tech staff and then just kind of let them have the mic. And just said like this, like what Brock's working on will be huge. And dentistry is a huge diagnostics is a problem. And we see this as a very big innovation in the dental industry. So they spoke for me on that call. And luckily I had that I was able to kind of bring their firepower into that call. And after that, like maybe a week later, I got the acceptance letter and like we want your team to come to x right away, basically. So yeah, that's, that's kind of how we got to hacks. And then I'll say that the, the announcement to the acceptance into hatch was kind of like bittersweet in a lot of ways. It's just because I had this community here, back in came to just all this I really felt at home, you know, I feel at home when I come into the office at TechStars. And just feels wonderful to have that kind of support with people around each each person doing something cool. I felt bittersweet about that. But it was also just the fact that like, we had no time to think we had no time to think it was like you guys are accepted, you guys need to come like next month, like we literally had less than 25 days to like, get stuff in order we had to we were an LLC at that point. In terms of our corporate entity or an LLC, we had to form C Corp and Delaware in order to receive the investments there's all these pieces that need to be in place Andre needed to get a visa Trevor needs to get his visa so I used to get a visa so we're all trying to figure out all this stuff so fast and really didn't get to enjoy the the moment until maybe I would say a few days after I finally arrived in China. And then kind of looking around and I'm just like a cow like we're here like I made I made it I made this happen. And what what another interesting like another interesting piece of this is when I first when I first came up with this idea you know three years ago and I built into the first prototype and stuff like that I was naive enough to believe that you know I built the prototype I got all the electronics working I kind of programmed I had a good working you know prototype to show like hey this this this will work and it you know worked on me and I thought

Speaker 3  32:37
I feel dumb I say this but i thought i all just go to Shenzhen China like this is two years ago. I'll go to Shenzhen China and maybe I'll you know ask around and see if I can I you know there's there's manufacturers in Shenzhen so maybe I'll go around there and just talk to people. I know. I know there's a couple you know, kind of CO working makers spaces in Shenzhen. So as my plan was to go to them and just like ask around and see if I could get connected with the right people to kind of help me get this idea off the ground get this thing off the ground. So I went to shins and three years ago, I stayed at the it was the good I think it was called the good fortune hotel or something like that. But I thought was serendipitous at the time. Anyways, my my then girlfriend now my wife but my then girlfriend, she says they're going to shun then in Chinese New Year's, you know, there's not going to be anyone there. And I was like, Oh no, no, that's there's gonna be people there's gonna be someone there and and so I I still went I totally ignored her. Like, you know, she's she's Asian like she she knows this stuff. But I didn't pay attention. I went there and yes, it was like a ghost town when I when I went there. But I I don't know. I really went there. Yeah, it was like the Nolan there. Like, I go. I mean, Shenzhen is especially like the downtown electronics area. Huge is like store after store of electronic components and robotic parts and just everything you can think of electronic is there. Yeah, but there was there was no people really, I mean, there was there was some but still nice.

Unknown Speaker  34:20
And so

Speaker 3  34:23
when I went there, I mean, I, I just I don't know, for some reason I had this feeling this is three years ago, that, you know, one day I'll be I will be the back there and leading up to leading up to taxes acceptance, leading up to that probably months before that. Like when when I when Lee Christie first told me about about hacks, and he's going to make this introduction. I just I did reading, basically, every day where I just started this visualization process. I visualized myself, you know, from three years prior, walking down this one streets of, you know, Shenzhen in the electronics district. I visualized. I'd be walking down that street one day, and I'd have Trevor and Andre with me this time and you know, I just visualize every single day. And what's funny is that once we got to shins in faxes office is on that same street, it's on that same street. It's right in the heart of the electronics district. all the places that I had kind of visualize in my head, well, right there, so

Unknown Speaker  35:36
I'm not I'm not big on

Speaker 3  35:40
Hocus Pocus stuff, but I think they're there may be something to this visualization stuff. So it was just, it was very, very cool how that all played out. And you know, once I finally got there finally hit me, I'm like, I'm here. Like, we we made this happen. Like, we stuck we stuck with it and, and we made this opportunity known Trevor Trevor is on the other side a little he's never traveled outside the United States before ever. Andre never traveled outside of. He's been he's smoke open. He was living in Netherlands but he's never traveled outside of Europe or anything like that. So just to create deal be part of creating this opportunity that bring these three guys from different corners of the world. And I would say each one of us, each one of us is like Kane city like we're all from like small town. Andre Kesh new Moldova is the capital of Moldova, but it's, it's a small town. A Trevor's, from Bozeman, Montana is this, each one of us is like small town. We're not from pedigree or anything like that. And we're all just, you know, hard workers. So the create this opportunity, bring these three guys to send in and be there with some of the best, like, people that are in hacks are like, many of them, many of the teams are staffed by, you know, doctors, PhDs. Like, it's incredible the amount of talent that that accelerated program recruits into into the program and just the other team. That was just, it was amazing to be part of that. I felt very honored.

Speaker 2  37:28
I think what you're trying to say, Brock, and I think it's really special, when you have this concept, and you build it, and sometimes you don't realize the caliber of people you have when their minds are open, right? And you're able to find just the right mixture for your company, but then to take to take your company to, you know, a place where there's experts, and something really tremendous, you know, I, I think one of my favorite experiences as a consultant in business in general is working, I've had the opportunity to work with CTOs and, and chief data scientists and analysts and some, some brilliant minds and machine learning and everything else. And what's so interesting is going into another person's environment, and seeing the degree of expertise and realizing once you get once you roll your sleeves up, that it's not that different than being a home working on a constant. You know, and I think I think any entrepreneur, I think anybody innovating something specifically in technology is it's going to work is it not being accepted into an incubation program, specifically in tech be so intimidating, there are more PhDs out there than you could count on one hand, and if you show up with your bags packed, and you're there, and it can almost make you feel a bit like an orphan, right? Like, do I do I have what it takes to be here? You know, and, and, and I think I wanted to point this out, because I've been listening to this incredible story from you. And, and I think you need to take this away during to remind yourself, you're a behavioral scientist, right. And there, you are an expert in your field, going to China to teach them an expert tool to cure millions of people. So in the middle of that, you know, in that intimidation we all face, and I think I think we've all been there some degree, I know, I specifically have, you know, taking a blockchain company in, you know, into venture capitalism, you know, being told no, and no, again, having my concept misunderstood much like yours, and say, No, no, it's really this way. You know, you didn't get quite quite the right, right drift the first time, right, you're not really understanding the essence of, of the heartbeat of the company, and then having to kind of reset and resell the concept. It's such a magical experience. And in you're capturing the heart of the intimidation, so be but but in the midst of that, you came out on top, right? I mean, and they've gotten to this high. And these amazing, these amazing brains came together and worked on your projects. And then Doris Day, right? I mean, how cool is that? You know, it's, it's, it teaches you that it really is about the innovation and less about where you come from. Did you did you find that on your trip?

Unknown Speaker  40:28
Yeah. The

Speaker 3  40:32
Steve Jobs said it best when he said, The whole world is made up by inventions and innovations and products that we use that are built by people no smarter than you. And that's, that is really true. Like, that's one thing, I've learned this entire process, like, could things have been a whole lot easier had I had experience building hardware before electronics degree like something, I could have been a whole lot easier, I'm sure parts of it could have. But there is some magic that happens when you come from a place of no knowledge. As you can start, you can ask all the crazy questions, you can ask all the crazy questions, or what does this mean? What if this and what you can come a problem from a completely different direction that someone that had all the schooling and had all the PhDs and all that stuff, they wouldn't be able to come from the same place? Because, you know, once, once you you know, go through, you know, sometimes genetic education system, you learn what's not possible rather than what it is. So I think that's a unique, there's a unique advantage and coming at it

Unknown Speaker  41:40
from a from a novice position that would say,

Speaker 2  41:43
exactly, and you remind me of a great quote, about history from my freshman year of American history of my teachers told me, what you see depends on where you stand. And I think it's stuck with me, you know, for 35 years, years, 15 years, I should say, but it's stuck with me And to your point. innovating something does not mean you have to be an engineer, or mechanical engineer, or a computer science expert, or a machinist, right, what you have to be able to be is the big picture, and then you have to build a small picture at the same time. And I think, I think what you're saying is not as your novice, I think what you're saying is, you're able to look at the problem from a different perspective, which, you know, when you when you have a bunch of people in a like minded situation, and a bunch of like minds, you know, algorithm can go together to do some great things. But sometimes they're they're just missing, missing a little little piece of code that just pivots it enough to make it work. And what you're able to do is you're able, you were able to complete a sentence, for people could get the science to a certain degree, but not, they couldn't, they couldn't do it holistically. Like you kind of need complete the whole and that's that's what makes you a rising entrepreneur in the ecosystem, which is so magical, great. And so it's not that you're Miss educated or a novice or anything like that are classically trained in these fields and set. You believe in what you're doing and wholeheartedly that you can, you can address the problem from multiple angles and not get tired of it, which is, is the heartbeat of braver, right.

Speaker 3  43:31
I, my I've told Trevor this and and Andre, this is like my job is to ask enough. And again, this is saying something that I'm just I'm just being humble. But I asked enough dumb questions until I finally get them to say like, Hmm, maybe that's possible. Like, as soon as I hear that, and I start, like, I started jumping up in the air, like, I start, like, jumping my hair, I put my arms in the air, like I want to something because that means like, I asked, I asked enough things. I backed him in the corner. And I said, like, maybe that might work like, whoo, let's let's try it. Let's try it. So like, that's my goal, like whenever we count encounter a problem with, you know, whether it's an algorithm, whether it's something wrong with the circuit board or something like that, the things we've come across, like, I just asked, what, what about this? And what about this? And what about this? And like, it's no, no, no, no, it's fine. It's like, I find that here. Well, maybe. And so that that's, that's caused for several celebration. I think that I think this is what I've learned from this journey, probably and just what I've learned in life is just, I think the key is to two big components. Just I guess in life, maybe fulfillment, in general is just that is you just, once you once you have a goal, once you have a dream, and we I think we all need that, in turn to find some fulfillment in life is to have a purpose is one, you need to be brave. And that's part of reason why I'm in the company braver. And the other thing is, you just you don't have to give up. You don't have to give up. You don't have to fail fast and get out, you can just keep going, the direction you're going, if you found something that's good, if there's a purpose behind it, it's going to help people, it's worth pursuing. And it's worth not giving up on it's worth the person, you will become in that journey to make that thing become into reality. And so you don't have to give up you can keep going no matter what, that's just one thing. But in order to do that, like there's things in that journey. It may be fast, it may only take a couple months, it may take a years for that journey to or that thing that you want to manifest to come into reality. But to do that, there's going to be things that come along the way, there's going to be many, many moments where fear creeps in, or your anxiety or stress where you just feel like the only solution is to give up. And that's these are problems that come along the way. What bravery to me is, is having kind of, I look at bravery, kind of an archetypal archetype that, you know, people say that this person is fearless and they're courageous and all these things in I see I see fearlessness. There's a difference between fearlessness and bravery. fearlessness is much what you go into battle. This is what you you go into a momentary action. It can be this amazingly powerful thing. But it can also be reckless, because there's no consciousness of things that can happen along the way. That's fearlessness. bravery, I see is this, like kingly quality or queen the quality is, is being able to look at the situation have discernment, you realize the risks are involved, you see the fear, you feel it. And you still step forward, taking the best plan of action, it's, it's looking at a mountain, knowing all the potential dangers that are in your along your pathway in the mountain, and looking for the best course and then taking it even though you feel it. So you need to be able to when when problems come and fear comes when these things ideas come up. Are you enough? And can you make this as you just take those things? bravery is taking those problems, breaking them down into their smallest components, and focusing on what can you do right now in this moment? How can you step forward? What are the actions, the actions at hand the task at hand, and just you take those and you focus on nothing else, you let the future you let the like, like, Coach Hitchcock and Kane City Football, said, you know, like, it's probably now 20 years ago, used to say that, you know, take just do the work on the field, play, play your butts off on the field, and a scorecard will take care of itself. And so you know, all these things kind of come into play as you're going along a path as you're going along towards your goal. Fear obstacles, all this stuff will come in into the fold. And so how you look at these things, how you break them down, and how you just focus on the present. That's what I think it's different.

Speaker 1  48:33
looks fantastic. I think you mentioned the last, you know, in our in our first episode about how you were aware that you were writing a story, but at the time you were writing the story, you didn't know how it was going to end. And I wondered if we could we started we're not at the ending at nowhere close to the end. But we've seen some wins. And I wondered if you if you want to take a little bit of time yet. And talk about kind of you after China, coming back to San Francisco, and some of the things happening there. But what's what's the future for greater going from here?

Speaker 3  49:11
Yeah, so right now, you know, finish the program. And so now we're just focused on manufacturing sort of focused on getting this product out, there's there's a couple you know, steps involved in that. First, we have to get, you know, molds made. These are, you know, I think I think they're made of stainless steel, but steel molds made that they will use an injection molding process to actually make the plastics behind our device. We have, obviously, it's a headband. So there's a soft goods portion of it, where there's no the actual fabric that needs to be together and these headbands created. So basically, we're just like right now on the path of what we're like the last month I've spent is just getting quotes, getting quotes from different manufacturers and China, Taiwan, Malaysia, Indonesia, South Korea, most likely, most likely are our, you know, most likely rest of sport are probably manufacturing, or at least are our first run of plastics and, and all that in China. And then after that, we may find a new place just because there's there's certain at this time, there's certain geopolitical things that are going on between the US and China. So we might try and kind of stay out of that. So that's why we're looking for other places other than China, but more than likely, our first run will be in China. And then, basically, we're just getting this getting getting the word out within the marketplace, we have about six, or sorry, five profile, high profile dentist, that will be testing our device in their office and the next couple of weeks. From that we will do obviously be getting testimonials, but also so these individuals are constantly speaking on stage and stuff like that at dental conferences. And so they will basically be championing us within the industry. We have some publications with dental economics, dental product report that will be going out. So basically, basically that the next phase of the businesses is a whole lot of marketing, getting the word out on this thing. And also the manufacturing, just actually getting this product made on a massive scale. So that's, that's what's next for braver?

Unknown Speaker  51:33
That's, that's an exciting place to be in.

Unknown Speaker  51:40
Do you have any? Do you have any more kind of questions along those lines?

Speaker 2  51:45
Yeah, you have a totally random question for you, you are going into very interesting time in negotiation. And Brock, how are you feeling about that? Are you ready? You ready to interview the whole world and see if they're going to take you on? Ray Ray, and I may not take you on but take take your your product on to the next step. I mean, it's quite a bit of work. And the next step is going to be the funnest one. But how are you feeling? Are you are you guys ready ready to ramp up and inflow through this Are you excited?

Speaker 3  52:18
I, if it was if it was something where, you know, we got an order in said that we needed to make 100,000 units and ship those out, you know, in the next couple of weeks, but that would I would not like that it would be it'd be too much too fast. But I think right now we're in a very comfortable place with our, with our funding and just our pathway forward, that we can kind of, you know, get this started, you know, starts kind of scaling it slowly. And we're kind of purposely in the beginning phases, just keeping it small with our marketing campaign really dialing in our language and the things you know the words, we want to use the advertising, so we want to push out that dentists really dialing that in. So then when we, when we are ready for the kind of next phase, we will be able to you know, send out a much bigger scale with our marketing plan. So right now, it's just kind of getting getting a lot of things dialed in, and we can launch, launch the business. But also, you know, keep it hopefully manageable to where we're not having to do stuff soon, as you know, so fast. There will be a place in time for doing it fast. But right now, at least in the next I would say six months, we can kind of go about it. fairly comfortable pace. It just it all depends on like, kind of what happens along the way we do we do have on the horizon, probably a pilot test with about 40 offices in the in the US and then also a potential potential pilot test maybe in China with a with a large dental conglomerate. So if those kind of things happen that will speed things up a little bit. But yeah, there's that we can start with where we are now in a comfortable pace me. We've built it in that way to make make sure that we have you know everything dialed in, in the beginning. So we because we know how big this is going to get. You know, hopefully year, you know, a year and a half, two years down the road. We know how big this is going to get. So we want to make sure we get things dialed in right now.

Speaker 2  54:25
Oh, sure. Well, I know I know. One thing's for sure your home team is rooting for you up and down. Every time we get a Brock update, we stop the clocks and everybody's like go Brock. It's amazing.

Speaker 2  54:42
Robots. That's awesome. I do have one more question for our listeners. Because, you know, I'm not sure I suffer from bruxism. But I'm positive I'm almost there. And I want to know, is there anywhere that somebody can can can maybe benefit from this now? Or is it too soon?

Speaker 3  55:03
Right. Right now we're just where we are. Like even the people that come to our website, looking for the device, we're looking for basically looking for dentist referral. So if there is a dentist you work with, and the dentist would like to basically kind of try this along with you. They want the dentist involved to one, you know, ensure that there's there's someone that has the medical knowledge to support you in your therapy. But yes, like on the website, we do have, where when this product is ready for release the therapy therapy side of actually, once that is ready for release that will be releasing it through dentist and these dentists will be trained on trying to hold therapy option and work with a patient on a one on one basis. Sure. And you know, help them along that process as

Speaker 2  55:55
well. I'm so excited for you. And I don't know about Matthias but I wish you the best luck, and I can't wait to see what's next for you guys.

Unknown Speaker  56:04
It's amazing. Thank you so much, Ashley. Thank you.

Speaker 1  56:08
That's fantastic. Yeah, I can 100% agree rooting for you, for you guys. It's exciting to see the progress you've made, I can't wait to see what it's going to look like as as you're able to continue putting fuel fuel on the fire here. Last time, we talked about ways that people can stay in the loop on this. And Brock was just wondering if you could fill in our listeners again on what's the best way for them to stay updated on this project. And, and, you know, braver and and that's the direction of sticking.

Speaker 3  56:39
Yeah, we have a website of Brooks relief calm forward slash blog. And that will take you to our blog. And you can kind of stay up to date on our journey and where we're at kind of in this in this process, especially, you know, now lately manufacturing, and also have a Facebook page that we share up to on as well. And that's just I think it's facebook.com forward slash structurally. And so either one of those will kind of keep you up to date, on on what we're what we're doing. And then eventually we're going to put together like a actual braver blog and stuff like that kind of to, you know, cover our journey with other products we will eventually create, but right now yeah, press release is the main main thing where we're going after. So that will be our focus for at least the next, you know, probably two years out imagine so that's probably the best place

Speaker 1  57:35
to work lots of world bracket is want to thank you again for taking the time of sharing, sharing your journey and especially this kind of this exciting phase. and allowing us to see the whole spectrum of color in your journey you've been really transparent with with us with the listeners. And I'm hoping that there's some listeners here today who maybe they are on the edge of throwing in the towel and they're not sure if they're going to make it on the other side but just hopefully this will give them a little bit of encouragement to keep going and maybe this will somehow lead them to kind of their their tribe and their community of people that they need in order to pull through so I just want to want to appreciation so

Speaker 3  58:23
don't don't give up if you are listening don't give up if you need help find find your tribe find your tribe of people reach out there's always people out there that can just even just be an ear shoulder you know sometimes so you you don't need to give up and the only way that you fail in this life that I've discovered the only way you truly fail is when you when you when you give up and so as long as you have that dream in mind as long as you have that goal you're pushing towards you may find a roadblock and you might use a change course we call that a pivot in the startup isn't working pivot all you want you can you can do all that but you don't have to give up so yeah, take take take liberal use of the pivot but don't give up.

Unknown Speaker  59:15
Take liberal use of the pivot I love that well said breath

Speaker 1  59:21
thank Cool. Well, I can't think of a better way to end it. You can't top that so

Unknown Speaker  59:27
thanks again Brock.

Unknown Speaker  59:28
Nope, that's fine. Thank you guys.

Speaker 2  59:33
Rock will get an update for me very shortly. I'm I think we should give you what do you think about three months?

Unknown Speaker  59:40
That sounds good plan.

Speaker 2  59:44
All right, well, you'll have the Brock update in three months or sooner everybody.

Unknown Speaker  59:51
Take care. Until then.

Unknown Speaker  59:58
Matthias you to there.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:00
Yeah, I'm still here.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:02
I'm still here.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:05
That's your music.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:08
Or let me just hang up. I'll call you back. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai