Speaker 1  00:16
Hey, hey, hey, hey, I'm on mobile for now, I'll be able to switch desktop in about three minutes, but we can probably keep this really short. Okay, so I think I'm more than asked to talk to you, right? Yep, pretty sure, yep. It's gonna get right to it. So I like Alex, I like you. I like the idea of us working together. I like the idea of doing shed stuff. I guess my most essential question is, what would actually be different this time around from what you and I tried to do earlier this year?

Matthias Miller  00:55
Um, I would. Here's where I feel like, well, this, to me, seems like the break, the part of the breakdown, okay, for me, I don't have, I don't particularly want to start a marketing agency, okay? And so I think it's more like when I'm consulting with folks, there is an agency that can actually get you results, and knows what they're doing if, yeah, if you guys can actually do that and and if Alex's game, I don't know, is Alex a salesperson or not?

Speaker 1  01:31
He he is meaning that he's actually done sales, in fact. So I'm assuming he contacted you recently, because business is down for him, and it is, he's actually been out doing door to door sales for roofing lately. Okay, and he's been doing sales of different kinds, including agency stuff, for for years. But like, I, I can't remember how he got started, but yeah, like, that's not new to him. So yeah, he does sales.

Matthias Miller  02:01
So an example scenario is like, I don't I'm having trouble seeing a scenario in which I can deeply be involved on the agency side without, I don't know, getting sucked into all kinds of other places. And consulting is a far more like I've been advising on some CRM implementations. So theoretically, if I can, there is some theoretical scenario, possibly, I don't even know, but, but if, if, as an example, he would get a booth and want to show up at the shed Expo, and if he's willing to go deep in the, you know, spend some time to get known in the space, and there's going to be a lot of skepticism, because it's such a small industry, but and he would want to play sales, then, I don't know. Maybe there's a path. I just don't think. I think agency is a separate business. I don't think it can coexist with what I'm doing right now.

Speaker 1  03:10
So are you picturing this as like two separate companies? Are you? Are you thinking that you would partner with us? I'm just trying to understand, like, what, basically, what each of us has to do in the big picture. Does that make sense? So? So basically, I'm kind of asking what part you want to

Unknown Speaker  03:36
play? Well, there is a world in which you too could just take it in front with it,

Unknown Speaker  03:40
correct? And what other worlds are there?

Matthias Miller  03:50
I don't know if there is a world in which I would be

Speaker 1  03:56
so at best, you would be doing what you already do, which I'm going to loosely call business consulting, and if one of your clients wanted someone to run traffic, because that is what we would turn into Alex and I would turn into a traffic agency for shed media buyers for sheds. At best, you would if you ran into a situation where one of your clients needed a media buyer, you'd refer them over to us. That's Yes, and I'm not trying to impose that. I'm just trying to ask if that's what was on his mind, something

Matthias Miller  04:31
like that. And maybe there's some kind of longer term kickback, not enough that makes me need to manage the client relationship, but or not, not big enough that makes me manage the client relationship, but big enough that it's interesting to me? Yeah, and I don't know what that number is, I don't think it has to be exorbitant, but every like, there just is a. Lack Okay, so I say all that, I think that's a great scenario. I have enough of an obsession over client experience and how things are done that I probably would end up feeling fairly passionately about what you guys are doing, but I don't see a world in which I could actually do that without dropping what I'm doing and saying I'm becoming an agency. I just, I feel like, I feel like I only have room to build one thing right now.

Speaker 1  05:36
Yes, totally get that so and the actual world of helping the clients, you and I have been talking about this for years. So the deal is, is that there is the lead gen, there is the handling of the leads, which may or may not be a little bit automated in GHL or something, but at the end of the day, it is something the client has to engage in. And then there's sales, and then there's business ops. Obviously, Alex and I would do media buying. I'm pretty sure we have zero interest in business ops. I, Alex is the kind of person who he's very positive and very opportunistic. So if we said out loud to Alex, do you want to help them with follow up or teach them how to do sales? I, I'm 100% sure he would say yes, but I don't know that it's actually a good fit. So then, then the question becomes, would you interface, especially if, especially if we're talking about a client that was already yours, that you sent our way, would you want to interface and handle any part of that after we generate the lead? Here's

Matthias Miller  07:00
where I ideally want to be involved. I want to be involved. I want to be okay here. I would ideally like to be involved at a level above that. And so I'm working with a client right now, and I'm telling them, You guys really should go have a conversation with Josh long Yeah, and I'm very happy with that. And there's enough money in the deal that Josh and I would both be happy if it went through. I don't know well, but when it comes to sales, recruiting, Josh is my guy. I would love to have somebody that I believe in that fully and that confidently on the sales front, and I don't know who that guy is, because I feel like there's, I mean, there's just, I don't, I don't personally buy into the everybody has a cookie cutter approach to it. I don't personally buy into the a lot of the Andy Elliot Grant Cardone gear, well, I don't know. So some of those philosophies,

Speaker 1  08:13
if you if you are able to let my desktop in, I can hear you better. You don't have to, if you can let me,

Matthias Miller  08:26
but I also, and I'm also not particularly interested in having somebody like Alex take an opportunistic dive into it. If he I would rather, I would rather you guys have extreme excellence on the marketing front and wow everybody, because there's all kinds of people who are just, I don't know how else to say it, besides just greedy and sloppily taking people's money and really doing stupid stuff with it. I

Speaker 1  09:07
I was asking questions and I was muted. I said, do I fit that category you just described? And yes, you can be honest without hurting my feelings.

Matthias Miller  09:16
There's a segment of media buying that you're exceptional at, and a segment of it stuff that you're really exceptional at, as I've looked at people like Alex Bucha ski, and there's another guy in Round Table who has an agency

Unknown Speaker  09:33
Mark ingles. No,

Matthias Miller  09:37
Jeff, I remember. And and like the Alex component is the component that you're missing, I think, more than anything in in copywriting and other types of those types of things, that's where, that's where I see the most. I. I don't know that's where I see the biggest

Speaker 1  10:04
gap. Yeah, Alex has got some incredible gifts and skills, including stuff I don't have, both in sales and in copywriting. He has, I seriously think I could honestly say that he came up with this little system. He calls it the three pillars. That is literally the best system for actually running ads that I've ever seen. I just literally, it's not that it's like so spectacular in the fireworks since, but I literally don't know of a person I can name, including, you know, Keith Krantz and all that, who has a better system I have, I have worked with Alex. I brought Alex in to run Facebook ads on at least two projects that I can think of off the top of my head. And the one trouble that I had with him is he did not I had to. I had to almost goad him into working. Like, he didn't have much follow through. He Facebook ads compared to Google ads. Needs, like, a lot done, and he was quite comfortable, you know, starting some ads and not changing them out for months, really. Which, okay, yes, if you have a winning ad, fine, but you know, clients don't pay for that, and eventually clients notice that, like, wow, you've only ever run one ad and it's been on for a year. So for that reason, I have always speculated to myself that this is not addressing the sales component at all. This is addressing just the excellence for the clients that you were referring to. I have always felt like either a I'll have to have another VA, and they're doing the busy work. Or B, I might be able to do just as much or more with the VA than Alex would in the operation since, anyway, so I guess part of what I'm saying is it does concern me just a little bit from the excellence point of view. And I don't, I don't know, in the case of literally shed lead generation, I don't know that I need Alex, but we might need him for sales. I let me clarify that. I don't know that I need Alex to run Facebook ads for sheds, but we might need to do sales

Matthias Miller  12:16
well. And I would say sales and Account Manager

Speaker 1  12:21
Well, you know, it's interesting, if he was put in an account management system where he was the one talking to the client, that might be a self solving problem.

Matthias Miller  12:29
It might be and even if you and maybe I think there's also this world in which I don't know if he okay. So some of this might just have to be solved by saying, Look, if you want to keep the money coming in, you gotta show up on these calls. And this is the condition of getting getting your ongoing cut. And if you skip a call, you start losing commission. I mean, and and a Furthermore, there's also this world in which part of the client success role is you're going to come up every three months, you're going to come up with an updated media strategy and that we can execute on. And I think if you bake it in there, there's a world in which I don't know exactly what it takes to motivate him, but if he can be a he's a little bit too much like me, in that he does seem to be more of a strategist and advisor and salesperson. He's probably further on that. I don't know if I'm between you guys or I don't know where it is, but it seems to be where he's happiest. Yeah, best work,

Speaker 1  13:44
which might be awesome, by the way, like, if we had enough scale and enough money, I could run teams, which I like, by the way, and have other people actually do the work while Alex strategizes. But you know, I'm almost sick of that kind of talk, because, like, that is not how anything starts, and it takes a while to get there,

Matthias Miller  14:03
well, but then you can, you can, but if you can have that in micro dosages, manageable dosages, but his primary role is sales and account management and strategy, and then and strategy. But the thing about strategy is you have to and this is you just gotta accept the downside. But the downside for me is people don't need me for extended periods at a time, like, like, that's the higher leverage you are, the more you charge, the less they need you.

Speaker 1  14:37
Yeah, correct, yeah, yeah. So, so, I mean, do you want to I'm pretty sure you already answered this question, and yet we're now talking about a little bit differently. What you said about five minutes ago kind of sounded like your preference would be to not really be involved. Do you want to be involved? Do you think it's good to be involved? Yeah. Um,

Matthias Miller  15:04
I don't know how, probably my biggest challenge, okay, well, laying all my cards out on the table. Problem number one, spomo, well, I gotta just deal with that. Can you

Speaker 1  15:18
give me one quick second? I got a kid here. I'm gonna send them away to another place just one second, yep,

Unknown Speaker  15:37
and I'm back. Just me.

Matthias Miller  15:38
All right, So problem number one's FOMO. What if this thing actually turns into a $5 million business and I'm don't have skin in the game and haven't helped build it, and I miss out? Well, that's just the problem I'm gonna have to deal with. Second of all,

Matthias Miller  16:02
do I think that it is easier, but not better to say, to set the boundary saying I'm my hands are completely free, and I'm not touching it. But I think a more realistic thing is defining clear boundaries around this is how I want to be involved, and this is how I can be involved, because I do think I do have a lot of value to offer, but it can't, it can't consume. I mean, there's a limit to the amount of time, that time, energy and mental attention, it can actually consume. Joke, so probably the biggest challenge then, is defining what that actually looks like. Actually looks like. Yeah, I also think it's the type of thing that I would rather not have my face on the company and have any kind of and I a little bit of a rant, but I understand official partnerships, but they're always good for vendors and bad for clients.

Unknown Speaker  17:12
Yes, yep. And debatable whether they're good for partners.

Matthias Miller  17:20
Well, it is debatable. And I would rather, I mean in fact. So you might actually, this might actually be part of the the solution, as a friend, I see two paths for you. Number one is go all in on brick and mortar businesses, because I think there's a I think there's a wave that may end up giving you a little bit more long, long term stability then agency. But you lose, you can't get away some of your your extensive marketing stuff. This might also be your path to literally owning your business yourself, which might be what you need.

Speaker 1  18:11
And when you say this, you're referring to the shed stuff or the local stuff. Okay, yep, yeah, I agree, yeah.

Matthias Miller  18:19
So maybe this is just the push to say, Jonathan, stop looking at partnerships and just go do it.

Speaker 1  18:25
So here's an interesting question. By the way, I use more and more. Am I taking too long here? You were pretty clear. You wanted to go.

Matthias Miller  18:34
I was just very tired instead of standing around. That's that was my objection. So I'm fine. I just didn't want

Speaker 1  18:39
to be awesome. Super Thank you. I lost for trainers. Thought, hang on one quick second. Oh yeah, I got it back. I've been musing more and more lately on the fact that the chief number one problem with business is humans, yep, like everything about it, you know, not today. I don't feel right about it. Hanging on. I gotta go to the hospital. Like it's, it's just endless. I see this in myself. I see this with clients. Don't mean to be disrespectful, but like you had, you know, every human, every human story is different and unique to them, and it's part of life, and you literally can't help it. But like, you know, if you don't mind me saying so, and I'm certainly not throwing stones, but I feel like you your dad's situation there earlier this year just took a lot of wind out of your sails, like it just did, you know, and it kind of took it out at a bad time that I, funny enough, got my situation with my dad, actually, the reason I kept you waiting today is I had to help him get out of bed for a minute, and it took a few minutes longer than I thought it was going to, so, you know. But this just goes on and on and on, and that's so the way I. Just described it. I touched on the very practical stuff. But then there's all the non practical, everything from fears to insecurities to what Perry calls the Midwestern Protestant worth work ethic. And funny enough, when you said that there about three minutes ago about me needing to just perhaps get on with it. It just dawned on me that I had completely shelved the I and I'm only talking about this from that same angle I just said about humans being much too human, as a fly on my own wall, looking down at myself when you said that, it just dawned on me that I had completely shelved the possibility of going to get shed clients for myself, because in the back of my mind, I wrote it off as, like, I don't want to be your competition or take anything away from you, because this is your pie and like, I hadn't even thought to ask you if you were okay with me going and getting clients without you. Like I forgot about it doesn't being human over here,

Matthias Miller  21:01
I would, I would think that, well, I mean, here's your very logical answer. If you're buying traffic, that's not what I'm doing.

Speaker 1  21:13
Correct. Oh, but, but, like if I was stuck thinking about it in the mode that we are in between, like December and March, where we were, do this together. You see what I mean?

Unknown Speaker  21:23
Yes, I do see what you mean. Do

Speaker 1  21:25
you have any ability to turn your microphone up a little?

Unknown Speaker  21:28
I can yell a little louder

Speaker 1  21:30
if you want, if you don't mind, that will help. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  21:33
I can do that.

Speaker 1  21:40
So, so if I do my best to leave my I'm going to call it the January of this year mindset behind, and say, okay, Matthias wants to do consulting, which I definitely do not want to do. Like zero interest at all in trying to do what you do, and I'm just the media buyer. Would you be good with me? Like, I mean, I suppose I could start doing LinkedIn and cold email and other stuff, trying to get said companies who want want leads, right or

Speaker 2  22:15
No, you need you need Alex, yeah, and you need me. Like, you need to show up at the shed Expo. Have to,

Speaker 1  22:27
don't, by the way, real quick. How's it? Where are the shed expos?

Matthias Miller  22:32
There's one every year in September, okay? And you have to get a booth so you can get leads. And like, literally, that is the number one thing you should be doing. And you have until the month the end of, end of June, between you and Alex, I'm going to have a booth. I have not thought about the possibility of sharing it, I don't really know. I don't know 2300 Okay, for a 10 by 10.

Speaker 1  23:14
Okay, so is it shed builder Expo. I'm trying to find it on Google right now. Yes. Jed builder Expo. How to Become a presenter? Are you going to present?

Matthias Miller  23:29
You need a booth, and then you can present as well for an additional 1000 and I'm thinking about doing that with a CEO coach in the space, if I can talk him into it.

Speaker 1  23:42
I It's in Knoxville, Tennessee.

Matthias Miller  23:49
So now there's one other avenue that we could do. There are two Facebook groups, shed building professionals and shed manufacturers, and both of them are so full of spam, it's ridiculous, and any non spam posts get zero engagement. And I think the one place you could do it, and I'm very interested, I don't feel like I need to talk to Audra, because I'm probably premature on this, but I would be very interested in doing some kind of joint thing with you, where we get them all in a group in a pitch, Free Zone, no pitching, and we just, I mean, value posts, engagement posts, friend people, posts on our personal profiles, all that stuff. I'm very open in that kind of thing, and I think that is the second lead strategy that could work, and the one that could work without a sales guy.

Speaker 1  24:58
Okay, do. Yeah. And as part of that, you're kind of thinking of either partnering up or offering to take the group over from whoever currently runs it.

Matthias Miller  25:10
No, no, they have the people running it. Have they see it as an asset because they're doing it for lead gen, yeah, and they don't see how, how absolutely terrible it is, but they think they got something, and it's trash mostly, yeah. And so just be the place, be the town square, where there's actually value. Now, here's the here's the one thing I don't know. I don't know how many of these guys actually want to talk in these groups. That is the big wild card.

Speaker 1  25:52
And talk means like, interact at all. Yes, okay,

Matthias Miller  25:59
some of them do in the sales group, okay, but in the sales group, you have the sales people who want to talk anyway, yeah. And then the owners chime in, yeah. And so I think there's a way around it in which you could potentially let the sales people in. I think you can do things to drive engagement. Like, here's an example. One of the one of the groups is run by a marketing agency. The marketing agency has an official partnership with the software company. Somebody recently posted, hey guys, what software are you using? Like, 40 people respond two or three weeks later, that post is nowhere in sight, like deleted. Ah, for no reason, no trace, no explanation.

Speaker 1  26:54
It was probably some marketer doing research or something and didn't want anybody else to be able to kind of No,

Matthias Miller  27:00
it wasn't a marketer. It was a manufacturer who's wanting, wanting to know what to do. I'm going to guess the group moderated it out okay, because they didn't want other people looking at others. Now this is me speculating. I understand, but that's my guess about what happened. So whatever happened to town square? Yeah, so

Speaker 1  27:25
you're thinking of starting another Facebook group. Yes, any reason in the world not to just start it and see what happens? It's free. Doesn't cost money?

Matthias Miller  27:41
I don't think so. The biggest thing I would like to know is, I would like to know the plan to drive engagement and bring in users and have content in there.

Unknown Speaker  27:57
Yeah, chicken and egg problem.

Matthias Miller  28:06
Well, not necessarily. I mean, yes, you need the group to exist, but let's say hypothetically, the group exists today. Now, what are you doing?

Speaker 1  28:18
Well, there's a couple ways to look at that. In my actual experience with Facebook groups, and this is just me talking, but like the ones that I and have always enjoyed the most are the ones where actual people, actually doing that, are actually in there talking about it, which, funny enough, means that most of the content comes from the members. Yep, then the, you know, the owners main value is moderation. And if the owner then chooses to add lessons, training, Legion, podcasts, interviews and all that, then cool, there's activity there, and that helps. But you know, in a lot of cases, it's not always even for that. Like, the main purpose of the group is just for the talk so, but nobody comes and talks. If there's nobody there, I, like, I actually tried to add to to run my own AdWords group. Like, I don't know, it's been a long time, eight years ago, and just had that traction problem, right? Like, yes, I would post stuff in there, but I'm not a content machine. I don't even really like to talk, so I'm kind of the wrong person for that. And it would go well, when somebody would come in and actually start asking questions, and others would jump in and stuff. But other than that, it's like crickets,

Matthias Miller  29:37
right? Well, I mean, but there's a world in which I'm looking at some of Audrey's content she's putting together. Yeah, where these engagement questions, I think would just be great. Engagement questions, just like, can we just get to know each other good? Can we talk like, can we tell stories? Can we anything? Can we start putting resources in there for people? Um. Uh, I don't know, like have give them a reason to show up there and come back and then, and then from there, we just need to probably have a similar organic strategy where I keep friending people who are in these other groups and keep posting on my timeline about this group,

Speaker 1  30:22
yeah, which works for you because you have friends on your personal profile who actually are in that industry. I have, I have zero, so I would have to do multiple layers deep, and I'm not sure how, or if I'd have the energy for that. Oh, I don't

Matthias Miller  30:39
know that you have to but there's a world in which that's one part I can do. Yeah. So the only, only thing that needs to happen. Then in that case, I think because my hands are off the content wheel, so at the risk of making a short phone call even longer, one of the reasons why I started my blog was that I would stop meddling with Audrey's stuff that's kind of funny. And so it does depend on her being bought in and her agreeing that this is the proper timeline to actually do this. I think it might be, I don't know, but, but she does have to be bought in for it to happen, and I'm not going to touch it if she's not just gonna screw it up.

Speaker 1  31:23
Coincidentally, this could be a source of leads for you for your consulting.

Matthias Miller  31:27
Yeah, exactly right. Okay, exactly right. Kill,

Speaker 1  31:31
kill. A bunch of birds with one stone. Yeah, real, real quick. Just thinking of Audra, whatever happened with Micah there and all that?

Matthias Miller  31:41
Um, we broke even on the first 30 days. He is not mature enough of a leader to make it work. He needs more than what we could offer him. He needs a full time. EA and I talked to him when I was slow and opportunistic, yeah, and but he I do not, neither Audra and I, nor I have enough of the hustle and the sales, sales streak in our body to make it work. Yeah, make sense? Yeah. So I was like, Well, screw that. Like, don't, don't throw good money after bad or good time after bad. And it wasn't terrible, it's just distraction. And we learned some stuff, yeah,

Speaker 1  32:35
okay, um, so, but that also means that Micah is not on audra's plate right now,

Matthias Miller  32:44
correct? She is full on marketing for me. Okay, right now, marketing systems, all that stuff,

Speaker 1  32:51
okay? And if I understood you, right, you're saying that we could do the Facebook group just you me and Audra and without Alex for now, is that correct?

Matthias Miller  33:02
That is correct. And there's also a world where I've got another guy in the mix who might be interested in contributing in some form or fashion. He wants to build a network of trusted vendors, okay? And he, I don't know, but he might be persuaded to help jump in, and he would be a great guy to drive, drive people into the group and engage them there.

Speaker 1  33:28
Okay, well, you also knew that fellow that was into sales for a bit. I had forgotten his name, Eric,

Matthias Miller  33:37
yes. Well, that's not, that's not his jam. No, he's a very different kind of guy, yep, okay, understood he's, he's a very goal oriented, short term sale, rinse and repeat kind of guy, yeah, which is not, which is not the other guy. The other guy's long term relationships go deep, keep them, make sure they're they're good people, make sure they don't screw anybody over all that. Yeah, yeah. All

Speaker 1  34:21
right, what do you think? Um, what do you think? Please do check with Audra and see if she thinks. Because yes, I would agree that we need her help there.

Matthias Miller  34:33
Okay, so I think, and I don't think the question is going to be whether she thinks it's a good idea. I think it's going to be a question of timing more than anything else, so I'm happy to discuss. And then here's the question for the original question for the call. If I said, Can I write. You a check for a certain amount, whatever that amount is, would you be willing to take that money and go figure out how to get somebody ATP verified?

Speaker 1  35:15
You're actually asking me how to do ATP verification.

Matthias Miller  35:19
I'm asking you if you would. I don't think it's a how to. I think it's a I don't ever want to think about this again thing, and Audrey doesn't want to either.

Speaker 1  35:32
I've been doing a pretty fair bit of that for other folks, and still am so sure.

Matthias Miller  35:37
And what, how, how big is the check?

Speaker 1  35:45
Um, somewhere between one dollars and a million. I'm sorry, I just got hit with, like, fuzzy head syndrome. I am not quite sure which conversation we're having. Do you need this done for somebody, Micah, I need it done for Micah. I need them for Micah. And has anyone tried already? No, I just don't

Matthias Miller  36:01
want to mess with it. Um, and I don't, I don't know for sure. I think he's got an old enough LLC, but I want somebody who can think through all or not think through, who can put together the system to get it verified with the highest probability of success in the shortest amount of time?

Speaker 1  36:30
Okay? I mean, I should be a pretty good fit for that. Since I do, I've actually got two of these in progress right now, so I'm actually stuck waiting to hear back from the client on his opinion about something, but yeah, I mean, I've done this like a dozen times over the last year, and I haven't had a heart failure yet. So

Matthias Miller  36:54
Well, do you want to get back with me on the amount,

Speaker 1  37:02
or, like, what? Just tell me what field reason I even know what to ask for, what, what feels reasonable to you?

Matthias Miller  37:12
Um, 250 is probably low and and, well, for Micah, I like if this is part of a big, well, I don't know if I'm subbing as part of a CRM. I don't know 250 to 750 is, but I hate setting the price for you like I think Mike could pay 500 could pay 500 I think I could go to Micah and say, hey, it's going to be 500 and it's going to be 500 for ATP. It's going to be 500 for what we put together. And then you're just going to pay me an hourly basis for any further implementation that needs to be done, and you'll pay one to two grand, and he might balk a little bit, but or 1500 to 2500 by time, all of a sudden, done. But I think most of it's done for you. So here you go. Micah,

Speaker 1  38:15
sound good to me. Why don't you do that? See what he says, And then, yeah, I can. I mean, it's at 750 Sure. I'd love to get paid 750 but honestly, that's overcharging, so something less than that for sure, to 250 is like I could if you're able to pay a little bit more, whatever that is, 300 400 500 I'm sure I won't turn it down. I need money, but I don't have I certainly don't want to overcharge these. 750 sounds like almost way too high for the amount of time, unless something just goes, like horrendously off rails or something. But what would that even be? So it should be fine. Should be perfectly fine. Let's plan on just talk to Mike and see if he's even willing to go for the project or not, and then you know exactly where to find me when you need me. Yep. Okay. And then as far as Alex, I mean, so, so, so please talk to Michael about that, the ATP stuff. Please talk to Audra about whether she's all in now, meaning at this time for the Facebook group thing. And then for Alex, what still trying to wrap my head around it just a hair. I hate to be so rude sounding. But if we, if we, the three of us did something together with Alex, like, what's in it for you? I think we, I think the answer is nothing. You'd really just prefer to see Alex and I go do our own thing and possibly even show up at the expo with the booth, right? Or did I miss? Well,

Matthias Miller  39:39
there is nothing in it for me, besides, I actually have a place to send people that actually for you, I know this is true. Okay, here's my only question mark with you. I have zero question mark about conscientiousness and excellence and doing your best and depth of technical expertise. So. Only question and problem I have with you, to be completely candid, is that I have this nagging fear that there's this it's the human element. It's the client success calls. It's the it's the

Speaker 1  40:14
fact that, you know, full Well, I don't want to be on the phone with anybody. Yeah, well,

Matthias Miller  40:20
that's exactly right. So you need somebody to be on the phone with you, and I work well together, but I don't know how to, and there's part of me that wants to help you with that, and there's another part of me that's like, I just want to wash, wash my hands of the matter. Yeah, but, but, but is there also a world in which are there variations, like, is there a Dan Kennedy like, is there a Dan Kennedy version where you're on the Zoom, but you're muted and you don't share your you don't turn on your video? Like, I don't know, send me a fax.

Speaker 1  40:58
Um, that's an interesting idea. I'm trying to picture how that would play out, meaning that somebody else is handling, is talking to the client, and I'm just there finding if I'm needed,

Unknown Speaker  41:09
yeah.

Speaker 1  41:13
And, I mean, if you think of like word stream, put on your CEO hat, like Larry Kim's never on call. But again, that's like a scale and operations thing. Can I get people who do care spend time with the clients, and then when I need to be involved, I would schedule another meeting or send an update or patch up the situation or whatever. But again, that's like, there's no way you can start there. I don't think, no,

Matthias Miller  41:38
you can't. And so I have, so there's the part of me that wants to help, and I'm like, I actually kind of would enjoy that. There's the other part of me that's like, yeah. And the moment that I say that I'm going to be on the call, I'm now building a second business, and I don't know how to undo that. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  41:59
yeah. Got it?

Matthias Miller  42:02
Does that make does my conundrum make sense? At least

Speaker 1  42:04
think so. Yep, wait, okay, and I'm not sure I have an answer or a plan for that or anything, and I actually agree with your concern, by the way, but simply because I am an introvert and I don't enjoy that at all, so it's real,

Matthias Miller  42:23
okay, if there's a world in which, and here's, here's another variation where I could see this actually working, is if there's a world in which they're on retainer with me on an advisory basis, like I've got a client right now who's paying 2x what They should on leads, and the agency just insist that, oh, it's, like, this is just because X, Y and Z and like, well, it's, I don't care. Like, you can't hire anything besides your elite salesperson, because you're paying to actually leads.

Speaker 1  42:55
And you're saying, like, you want somebody who was Cooper, you're saying they're literally buying too many leads. And as a consultant, you can see they're not

Matthias Miller  43:02
buying they're not buying too many. They're trying to provide them out. They're just two times as expensive. They're, like, literally almost three times as expensive as their competitor. They don't know this, but I know this, yeah, and that's like, you can't, like, you're, you're and so I would much rather be like, Okay, dear client, there's this agency, and here's as part of our ongoing business consulting relationship, shed business rescue, or whatever turnaround. Thing is, I will help manage and steer and oversee the marketing to make sure that the marketing actually is what it needs to be, and and I'll hold, I'll hold your agencies. I don't care whether it's Jonathan, I don't care whether it's your competitors. I don't care who it is. All of you hold their feet to the fire if they're not performing, because that's what I do. And I would be completely happy with that, and you would too, because you don't want to screw anybody over. And all the other agencies are going to get some point they're going to act open, and then they're going to start throwing up their hands, be like, we're not sure we actually want that Matthias guy around, because he's actually creating accountability for us, and we don't want, yeah, yep. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  44:16
It does. I mean, in theory, you could do that now, I'm assuming you don't have anybody to do it for. So we're talking about a future situation that may arise where somebody you're working with actually fits that circumstance.

Matthias Miller  44:29
That is correct, yeah, but, but I have a few clients in the pipeline that if I had confidence that I could switch marketing vendors, media buyers, and drop their lead costs in half. I would in a heartbeat, yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  44:49
they're running Facebook or Google, or both, or what both

Matthias Miller  44:51
of these are on Google at the moment, but they would be potential Facebook upsells. Interesting. Okay, I think. Concern with Facebook is that we handled Can

Unknown Speaker  45:07
you still hear me? Your phone broke up. Oh, you're on mute now.

Matthias Miller  45:10
Oh, sorry. It muted me for some reason. Hang on. I'm driving. There we go.

Speaker 1  45:15
I think you were starting to say that it handled geography. I actually asked a few Facebook friends of mine about that, and they literally all told me it is a unsolvable problem with meta right now, and you have to just call out the location in the ad to compensate.

Matthias Miller  45:32
And then, and then, if you can avoid triggering C ABI for out of area, you

Unknown Speaker  45:40
do, yeah, yes, right, yep.

Matthias Miller  45:43
And can we do that in GHL? Um,

Speaker 1  45:46
interesting question. I've never tried. I'm thinking it might be possible right now, because right now it's triggering based on lead form event. But surely you can add a filter to it.

Matthias Miller  45:57
I mean, I would think so. I don't know. But, like, this is something that no other agency is going to say, oh, yeah, we can figure out, like, let's figure out a way to do it. They're not going to do it literally. There's a high level reseller who says we will not port numbers, which to me, is just like, well, it's definitely not customer service like, surely, there's a price point at which, for five grand, we'll port numbers. I don't know what it is. Maybe they don't want to do it. I don't

Unknown Speaker  46:29
know, yeah, but

Matthias Miller  46:31
be that as it may, general lack of expertise in ambition towards solving problems, that's lazy money,

Speaker 1  46:44
yeah, yeah, okay. Um, well, where do you want to leave it with Alex? Specifically he did, by the way, message me the other day. Let's see, when was it the 13th, whatever day that was, and mentioned that he was talking to you, but he didn't say anything about the specifics. Um, the did. You send him a similar message to what you said? No,

Matthias Miller  47:05
I did not. Okay. I did not. I did not. I did not. Yeah, I introduced him to two people, one person who works with agencies, another person who could potentially help him get corporate gigs, because that seems to be, I mean, I kind of think corporate trainer and advisor of some kind could be a nice if, if he can get the flywheel going, maybe that's the right kind of work for him. I

Speaker 1  47:38
agree. Yep, yeah, yeah, yeah, I do agree. Okay, yeah, okay, well, um, All right, sounds good. You want to at least check with Micah and Audra and we can go, I got you know the other part again, it's just strikes me that we're either a waiting on good, workable situations to come up organically for you, and you then pull me into the loop as as your agency, vendor of choice, or however you want to do that, or we would have to, again, start up a project to go like get leads and close deals, but, but that, as far as I'm can tell, that leaves us exactly where we were all year Long, which is, where are we going to get leads from, and who's going to do the sales, which seemed to be kind of an unsolvable problem for the first portion of this year, and I'm assuming you don't really want to tackle that again, ahead on at this Point.

Matthias Miller  48:37
Yep. Well, I mean, is there any scenario? I guess maybe here it is. The problem, can you actually, I don't know what this looks like, but surely there's a world in which you can wear your own hat that you always wear, and you can say, I like, I don't know where I can get this, but I can do better. And my estimation is this much. It's Josh's advice to me in sales was basically give yourself a good concussion first, and then have the sales conversation, and everything is going to go better. It's true. That's right. It has been. So probably the biggest so they're in is the biggest flaw. I do have people you need to talk to. If there's enough of a relationship with them, I could basically, they can also be framed like this. Like, look, if you want a guy to sell yourself and why it's so awesome every month, probably not your guy. I think you need somebody like me in the mix to to oversee the. From a business standpoint, how all this stuff is working. Let's do this 12 month program where you pay me x, let's bring him in and just know he's very responsive by email or text message, but not he lives in a cave, because that's what he's good at.

Unknown Speaker  50:20
And you're talking about me, I'm talking about

Matthias Miller  50:23
you, okay? And we just again, it's all about spinning it in that. Just spin it as this is your expertise. Yeah. So of course, you're not going to be wheeling and dealing like you're ups, you're you're an introvert marketer who knows what it takes to spin the dials and make it work and and you work in the cave, and you communicate my text message or email, and I work with these types of people all the time, and it's not working out. I'm I'm happy to turn up the heat or do whatever I have have to. I

Speaker 1  50:58
you actually have no idea how much I like that. I had a client recently who I told him from the very beginning, I am not available by phone. We are not going to do weekly, monthly meetings. You can ask for a meeting anytime, if there's a good reason to, but we're not. We're not literally. We are going to meet, just to meet. And he accepted that, but then he kept pushing for it. And later on, I was trying to think, like, how do I handle this? And I I didn't do it, but I literally thought about telling him, Look, if you want to pay me to be on the phone, just to be on the phone, we can do that, but it is going to cost you extra, because that has nothing to do with managing

Speaker 2  51:39
your Google ads. And a little

Speaker 1  51:43
bit testy. But I I'm kind of saying, like, you know, we can split the difference. Like, you want this guy to manage Google ads, or do you want him to talk? It's two separate fees.

Matthias Miller  51:51
Well, and I wouldn't even say two separate fees. I'm like, he just doesn't do it. Not an option, yeah, not often. And listen, if it's going up in flames, I can pull strings and I can, I mean, I get too much fun out of this anyway, and it's with you. It's not hard. But I love the pitch of like, I can turn I can pull strings, I can turn up the heat. We can make stuff happen. And I'm happy to figure out a way to get him on the call and and and do something, if something goes up in flames. And I will and and then vice versa. With your clients, you can literally say, look, I've got this friend of mine. I don't care if you do this, it's up to you. I got this friend of mine. I have no idea how much he charges, but he's really good at managing this stuff from a 30,000 foot view. And if you need to hop on the phone, you should go hop on the phone with him. He's going to figure out what it is and what needs to happen, and he's going to make sure that it actually happens. Yeah, and he can communicate with me, yep,

Unknown Speaker  52:47
for sure, yeah.

Matthias Miller  52:50
But my my goal, then part of my goal is that I understand why. But for some reason, Audra and you do not communicate. Well,

Speaker 1  53:01
I'm so baffled. I didn't, what did I do wrong? I like, was it the speed? Was it the tone? Was it the words? I don't

Matthias Miller  53:11
think it was anything wrong. I think it was. I mean, if there is anything, it's probably along the lines of, she wants things more methodical and linear than you do. Um, is it

Speaker 1  53:25
because, like, I gave her, it depends type answers too many times instead of just giving her a brick.

Matthias Miller  53:30
I don't know. I'm I'm not personally. Maybe I'm wrong here. I don't, I don't personally. Think it's anything wrong. I think it's just a difference. Okay, so the way I view it is, I don't know, like, well, I hopefully I'm not too stubborn here, but I don't view it as something to be fixed. It's just a thing that is, yeah, and rather than trying to fix it, which is going to be long and tiring and exhausting, and has a very low probability of success, actually, despite both of you being extremely well intentioned, like that's not the issue. Yeah, then let's just find a path around it, because that's something I can do. Yeah, and if I'm getting, if I'm if I'm getting, collecting fees on the consulting side, I don't care, and there's a clean delineation. And I also have a pitch where it's like, listen, I do trust this guy a lot, but I'm I don't have if this is actually true. We co manage this group together, but I have no financial arrangement with this guy. Yeah, and I'm not afraid I'm going to talk to him first, because that's that's what you should do whenever you have a problem with somebody. But I'm not afraid advising you to go find somebody else if he's not the right guy for you. Yes, I don't have incentive, and I. That's a I have to have that to maintain both positioning and

Speaker 1  55:06
integrity, and I'm totally good with that. Yep, yep.

Matthias Miller  55:13
And most marketers don't want that. They want an end. They want an easy street.

Speaker 1  55:16
Yeah, yep. Well, I want easy street too, but I care, and I care about at least some.

Matthias Miller  55:26
I understand, I understand, and somewhere there's always a line, but yeah,

Speaker 1  55:31
well, I don't one thing, and you may have detected this, and this might even be part of what makes you uncomfortable. I do not have any sort of Messiah Complex, by which I explicitly mean. I do not think life is going to go well for everybody. And there are even cases where, if I had tried two times, five times 10 times harder, could I have salvaged this? Yep, probably. But was it really the right thing to do, or 8020, or whatever. No, it just wasn't. And so I let them go, and maybe they didn't have the success they wanted, but I'm not personally going to lose sleep over it, and I think your threshold and my threshold on that, I think mine's lower, right? I don't want unhappy clients or a bad reputation, and I don't ever want to do something that's going to cause you a problem, just you, but but the clients themselves I have, you know, let's take true point as a random example. I had, I feel like I did everything we could have for two point. I'm sorry that it wrapped up and didn't go better. But was there compelling reason to kill ourselves and try to do stuff for free, or anything just, just know, like at that point, no, there wasn't and same on in a similar way, same for Burton and cornerstone. Like, I really wanted them to stick that out. I felt like it was going well. I felt like they needed more patience. But there was no actual, real world need that I could see for us to really do anything more than that, right, like twist their arm, or go, go 10 extra miles or something. It's kind of great. We got to the end of the project and we're done. And I do think you and I have a slightly different threshold for that, which might be part of what makes you uncomfortable. Maybe

Unknown Speaker  57:20
it's possible. Yeah,

Speaker 1  57:27
cool, cool. Okay, well, thanks for the call, you know. So when things do come up organically, like you're actually doing consulting and you're ready to do this, you know I'm here the day I do know you're here the day that I'm not here and I've shut it all down. You'll know. Sounds good. You'll probably be one of the first to know. But the one

Matthias Miller  57:47
thing I regret with with Mark, I'm grateful we had this conversation. The one thing I regret with Mark, the guy who wanted an audit, is that I still kind of had it in my leftover head about, let's do revenue share. And I really and even Audra was like, I should have just listened to my instinct on it, but Audrey was like, well, what's the big deal just sending an invoice and subcontracting? I'm like, because I don't know, because it doesn't feel right. That's a weird answer, but I wish I would have just done a quick email intro. You could have had 1000 bucks in your pocket, an audit and a shot to pitch, but we wouldn't have had this discussion about, I'm this guy in a corner and like, here's how, here's how this arrangement works, and pitch it

Speaker 1  58:26
that way. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Awesome. And so then outside of the organic or whatever transpires naturally, like if you get and also outside of the Facebook group endeavor, if you get into a mode where you want to do something bigger than that, right, which basically is back to lead gen and sales again. Let's talk about it, and maybe let's talk about whether we want to plug Alex in for sales. But other than that, I don't,

Matthias Miller  58:56
well, I don't think we actually need if I'm the guy. I think there's probably a way that I can tastefully integrate you into what I'm doing. And I want to read the contract to see if I can resell any leads in any way, yeah, or share, not even resell. I don't even care. Like maybe it's not even resell. Or is there a gift, like, literally, is there an equivalent of the shed rescue mini book that we're putting together, of like a blow by blow of shed marketing gone sideways? And if there is, could that be a freebie that I mail out and just say, Hey, I'm always looking at helping people succeed. And again, this is probably an audit question of how that gets time and sequence and executed, but it does seem like we have a lot of leeway not to need a sales guy, because I still need to talk to people, and I still need to advise them on what to do with on the marketing side. Um, so, yeah, good,

Speaker 1  1:00:02
yeah. As a side note, just dreaming out loud here, I love the idea of pumping everything into your consulting business and helping it grow, and then you can pass off to me, whatever, whatever you feel is appropriate, like, I think it's a great pathway. You into a $10 million business, and you send a couple grand of customers my way.

Speaker 2  1:00:27
Well, it's if I hit, if I hit 10, let's hope that you, you would have at least a million. That'd be great. So, Alright, sounds good? I appreciate you. Appreciate the conversation. Yes, thanks a whole lot. Yep, you bet. All right, bye, for now. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai