Unknown Speaker  02:11
Hello this is Mark?

Matthias Miller  04:54
Right Good afternoon

Unknown Speaker  05:01
Howdy, howdy, howdy, howdy, Mathias.

Unknown Speaker  05:05
Hey, Mark. Hey guys.

Matthias Miller  05:11
Kristen All right, I'm got my own list of stuff to jump in. But before we do that, do any of you guys have anything from your end that you anything from last call or anything like that that you guys want to want to talk about?

Speaker 1  05:39
Use me the only thing I had from last call. Last call, maybe it was called before last. You already addressed here on the email you just sent out. All right, well,

Matthias Miller  05:59
let's jump into that into that. So the email that I sent out originally about multivariate costs, open up this discussion about big buckets, little buckets that we nailed down and cleared up and simplified a few things along the way. So that was productive, unexpectedly productive. And and then the, so now we're clear on big buckets versus little buckets. The question remains, do you ever want to allocate a big bucket expense across multiple periods? And? Well, that's the first question. Do you ever want to say that we had production overhead of was the Black Friday shopping idea, whatever it may be that Black Friday shopping gets allocated across two months instead of one?

Speaker 1  06:55
Oh, here's where my mind went with this thing. Last time. We were talking about, at the end of the call before the last call, we were talking about the potential problem of lifting up the little buckets always as a percentage of their percentage of the whole. Make sense? Yep. And then, just before we hung up, like literally five seconds, before we hung up, you said, Oh, the solution that you have for the big buckets? Could I understood it could be used for the little bucket solution. So where my mind went next was your email that you just sent? First question you asked is, do we really need that. And in the end, you said your vote is to defer this and manage this through some accounting practice. So the next thought was, it would be really nice. If we had some methods doing that even if it was fairly manual to keep it simple as in we were just able to have a great big expense blackFriday we bought $100,000 worth of of little hand tools because they were pennies on the dollar. And if we just if we don't allocate it out somehow we have real funky we're kind of back to where we started as in Yeah, our financial surely. So the next thought I had was, would there be a way of just creating some table with future periods where we could just manually go in and say, Okay, we're going to just allocate this out across a period looks good on the calculator. Chinchin put number number number number number let's make sure this adds up. So that was the next thought. And then the final thought I had was big buckets, little buckets. If we could do something like this on the little buckets, is there any reason we would even need big buckets? Is there any reason I maybe I didn't think about it very long

Speaker 1  09:27
originally Oh, originally I was thinking ideally, we could allocate the cost across multiple periods on big buckets and on little buckets. So we eliminate that little bucket potential problem that we were going to be okay with and we can still be okay with we have to but then I thought if we can do that a little buckets I just thought about this for about two minutes while I was eating sardines. So, but do we need that? Those are all my thoughts, I'll be quiet and listen to yours.

Matthias Miller  10:22
Okay, well, we would simplify this substantially, if you would say, take this dollar amount from this period, and go reallocate it over into that period, that period, that period and the other period. And so you spend $20,000 on tools, because you're pennies on the dollar. And you said, and so you still say that your total expenses $20,000, for overhead in November, but you say, Take, just to keep it really simple, take $10,000 of that from November, and go apply it to December for the sake of costing. Like you said, you still have the question of reconciliation, and making sure that you you're making sure that you're, you're good, but you're tying out those numbers. That's the potential. Downside with that, but that further simplifies it. So it means that if you build lots and lots and lots and lots of buildings in November, and just a few buildings in December, well, we still have this issue that those overhead will be proportionately higher in December. But that's kind of how these things work. My understanding originally was that we didn't want to deal with little little bucket numbers, because well, then we're going to be down to entering all kinds of, you know, little bucket numbers along the way. But I guess what you're saying is we say that this little bucket.

Matthias Miller  12:17
So the advantage of the little bucket is that on the income statement, your percentage of percentages, it actually comes out of the little bucket, instead of coming out of the instead of coming, he comes out of the right little bucket instead of all the little buckets. All right.

Speaker 1  12:41
I think though, I might have explained it, kinda like this. That. Okay, we have to show all the little bucket, everything that's in the little bucket on the balance sheet, because those are all assets. That's all production overhead, regardless of when we've allocated it to, it's still currently an asset, and it needs to be on the balance sheet. So what that means is we would for we couldn't, I'm thinking about this really simple, we couldn't just go to the balance sheet and get numbers off of the little buckets on the balance sheet, to move it over to the income statement, we would need to have the balance sheet that would have all of the little buckets and then have a total up and have the big bucket. And that's the total production overhead that we have as an asset. On the balance sheet, we're disregarding completely in what time period we're going to be taking it out, it does get a little more complicated.

Matthias Miller  14:06
Here's a simple way to deal with it. Here's this effectively what you're wanting to do. I want to balance sheets, I want one that I use for accounting. And I want one that I use for cost for costing. And so what I want to be able to do is I want to be able to have debits and credits that I can apply to the balance sheet. And it's but instead of moving it from one from one account to the other, I want to move it from one date to the other. So on this date, take this much out of this asset and put it back in on this date and thus effectively deferring your, your payments and then when we look at when we look at all the balances to figure out how much to move and what percentages and all that we out for these adjustments

Speaker 1  15:08
quick answers, I agree. But I what I'm still not the portion of it that I'm still not 100% clear on is this, this, this balance sheet that we have for costing is how that functions. Okay, we have the one that we have for accounting. And that's very clear, when we pay for something, it goes on there. And when we take money out of the costing version of the balance sheet, the costing version tells us how much money to take out of the accounting version of the balance sheet and put it on the income statement. Right? Well what I don't understand is the function of that deferring costs. I'm trying to picture the costing version of the balance sheet and the accounting version side besides both of them have to show at any given point that to the penny, the same amount of dollars total. Okay, one can't show more than the other because they represent the exact same thing. One is just has these costs spread out over multiple periods. But what's confusing to me is, the way we take money out of there is really has nothing to do with time periods. The way we take money out of there is when we sell a shed, we say, Aha shed sold, we're going to take money out. Thank you for home costing, we will return shortly.

Speaker 1  17:09
I don't know if what I'm saying makes sense or not. But for our previous conversation, we are not using time periods to assign costs to buildings when we when we had a sale. That event triggers us going to the balance sheet getting production overhead slapping it on and taking over to the income statement. Does that make sense?

Matthias Miller  17:38
Right, well, let's let's walk through the process. Tactically, how does this work? First of all, if anything is, if we don't have any costs or a period, then none of this matters. We're just driving it off estimates. Let's go for actual costs.

Speaker 1  18:06
Because I'm already lost. Because the way I'm thinking about this must be wrong because what you said already doesn't make sense. You said if we don't have actual costs, we just go off of estimates. To me that's no different because

Speaker 1  18:29
because we just have an estimate on this building. So in our estimate is 9.6%. We're still going to go to the balance sheet and get 9.6% of the manufacturer number. Manufacturer number times 9.6%. Our estimate equals the amount of production labor we're going to move from the big bucket on the balance sheet to the big bucket on the income statement.

Matthias Miller  19:05
What I meant to say is unsold buildings so this only affects sale of buildings. Let's narrow it down to that right. Right, what happens All right, so big bucket numbers Well, there's a few ways Okay, first of all, if there's let's start with a

Matthias Miller  19:35
I mean, I'm going to assume

Matthias Miller  19:44
let's start with with a where we have known costs to keep it really simple. We know that based on what was put into the big bucket number that this buildings overhead, total overhead is X dollars. And it's really no different. We know that. Well, because you said that overhead costs for this period. We is. Let me let me

Speaker 1  20:20
the way, what you're saying is, is we're at the end of a period, and we just reconciled. Now we know.

Matthias Miller  20:35
Yeah, okay. How do you know you're right? You just told us now I'm gonna assume for the sake of this conversation, let's say that you specify big bucket numbers, and you adjust little bucket numbers. So how do we Sorry, I'm gonna have to have a little refresher on how it was envisioning the handle this.

Speaker 1  21:10
At the end of a period, we total up the total dollars that we paid for production labor in that period. And we total up the total manufacturing numbers for all buildings built during that period. And that gives us a percentage.

Matthias Miller  21:28
Correct? And so, first of all, so what we'll do is we'll take a look at what's the big bucket number that you said, for this period? And then we're going to say, and that's going to be the I think for the sake of simplicity, that's going to be the actual literal, what is the number off the balance sheet source of truth doesn't change, no adjustments. And that's what what you're feeding into the system. And then you say, well, there's this $10,000, that is taken out of tools for that month. And so when we look. So now, we take the wildly making up numbers here, November had 200k of overhead 10k gets moved into December. And now we now the effective overhead that we use for calculating costs is 190k, we'd figured out how many buildings were built. And that determines our percentage for the for the overhead amount. So we know now that that again, to keep this simple on this building 3k needs to get moved to needs to get moved across. But how do we know how how much which accounts to expense it out into? Well, you've already said that in your financial allocator. You say, here's the asset account, here's the expense account, here are the various accounts. And these are all the parts that that get tied together under overhead. And so we go through all of those accounts, all those asset accounts, and we go say, How much is this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, then this one. And then we say, oh, but tools is had a 10k is actually 10k? Less, we subtract 10k. Now we have all the numbers, and we add them all up. And so what percentage? What percentage goes into from the 3k? How do we determine the percentage that goes into the tools expense? Well, we take the we take the total on the balance sheet, we subtract the 10k that we said we were going to take out and we divide it by the overhead minus the 10k, ie divided by 190. And in this case, and that's the percentage that we expense out. In the next month, we do the same thing except we add 10k back into the into the mix.

Speaker 1  24:01
Okay, I think I may be understanding, would it be correct to say that the only thing we're doing different Lee Okay, scenario one, scenario two. Scenario One. Everything is nice, neat and tidy. We don't allocate any expenses to other periods. And we just have a simple percentage of big bucket that represents the production labor on this building, which is I don't know where you got the number 190 from but $190 And then we look at the little buckets to determine the percentage of the big bucket to determine how much to put on the income statement. That's simple. Yeah, the simple one. Okay. So scenario two is we did what you said we put But $10,000 from tools in the little bucket forward to next month. Okay. The only thing we do different in that scenario is when we get ready to try to figure out how much the big bucket number didn't change. But when we try to figure out how much of the little bucket numbers that we're going to move over to the income statement, we take 10,000 out of that one little bucket to get our percentages. Yeah, so we're only messing with little buckets to get this done. Oh,

Matthias Miller  25:50
well, don't you know, you still have to mess with the big bucket. Because? Well, I mean, it affects the total cost of the cost of total, for big buckets as well.

Speaker 1  26:07
So, okay, we have to do big buckets. We had to do it with big buckets. And with little buckets. We have to do it with big buckets to correctly assign the percentage, the production overhead percentage when we do reconciliation. Right. Yeah. And then we have the right. Yes. And we had to do it with little buckets to overcome the Black Friday.

Unknown Speaker  26:40
Problem. Yep. Got it. I mean, from a programming standpoint how hard is that what we just discussed I'm starting to kind of understand a little bit more what goes into this programming stuff?

Matthias Miller  27:16
Yep. Pretty soon you're gonna, you're gonna be getting getting your hands on on something and do it yourself. I'm the

Speaker 1  27:27
I'm gonna put an ad in the plane communities code crafters of the cave. And I'm gonna have trendy little pictures and be like my guy jump in evidence. That was a good one.

Matthias Miller  27:41
Or go like game.

Speaker 1  27:43
There you go. Go like your ads are the best ones in the in the plane communities, by the way, they're refreshing, is different. It's not just a picture of, you know, glossy, ridiculously nice. It's just refreshing. Gum little guys. So where are we? Where are we at here?

Matthias Miller  28:10
You're asking me a question. Oh, how expensive is this? Or how hard is this? Well, there's varying levels. I mean, I think

Matthias Miller  28:24
big bucket reallocations are probably only doing on the big bucket certainly is easier. My biggest concern actually is not how technically difficult it is. My biggest concern is what happens on December 31, at four o'clock in the afternoon when somebody is going through the balance sheet. And it's saying, I have the balance sheet here. And I have FGI reports here. And why is there a 10k difference between these two and how these things, how these two things add up. And as long as this is not so complicated, that it requires me to kick off Christmas, New Year slippers and go running into the office to go figure out what this is. So we can nail things down for your end. Or whoever the person might be needing to do that. You know, or fill in fill in the blank and it's kind of a made up scenario. But this has to be done in a way that it doesn't say it has to be my biggest concern is that we go get get ourselves into a pickle some time. And numbers aren't adding up and we're scratching our heads and because of how this is structured, we can't figure out why our numbers are reconciling the way that we think that they should

Matthias Miller  30:01
Now maybe it's just the nature.

Speaker 1  30:06
I'm trying to literally understand where that discrepancy would be because on the balance sheet, there will not be a discrepancy. Right, I mean,

Matthias Miller  30:23
we we incurred, we had we incurred X amount of dollars on the balance sheet. We sold y number of buildings. And we expected this much to be expensed out but only that much was expensed out after all. Maybe it's too

Speaker 1  30:56
the discrepancy would be the I mean, there will what we're just describing there will never be a discrepancy between cash income statement and balance sheet.

Matthias Miller  31:13
Correct. It's only between balance sheet and FDI costing.

Speaker 1  31:20
Okay, and FCI costing is building records.

Matthias Miller  31:29
Wait, no, I mean, we there, I say there's no discrepancy balance, but, you know, balance sheet income statement are going to be congruent with each other. But if you get a magnifying glass to it, we still wouldn't have expensed out as much as what we would have thought that we should, which I guess you don't really know until you look at the at the building records. So Fine. You're building records.

Speaker 1  32:00
Okay, but I don't understand why the building records would not. As long as we've reconciled, we're at the end of December 31, it's 430, you've already got your slippers on. I don't understand why we think that because of allocations. The total production overhead on our billing record would be any different than the production overhead on our balance sheet.

Matthias Miller  32:31
Well, the problem is, you know, if we did our job, right, the prom is not gonna be December 31. The problem is going to be, we have something that spans multiple quarters, and we're doing some guy quarterly reconciliation. And you know, in this case, it would be November 30, where somebody is cross checking some numbers. By December by the time December 31. comes around. We shouldn't be doing this across years anyway. Well, although that is a question whether we need to be able to do that.

Speaker 1  33:06
I'm just I'm just failing to be able to wrap my hand my head around why? There would be a discrepancy after reconciliation.

Matthias Miller  33:23
Let me take a step back to do this. Are you ever gonna do this from November to February for example?

Unknown Speaker  33:36
Yeah. Okay,

Matthias Miller  33:38
so you get to the end of the year. Okay. Let's run FDA reports on the on the total year. Why is there in this case, it's a report. We're going to do a report on all building records. On the what is the total cost? of all we want to reconcile our costing with? That's a fair question to your point. We want to give me a report on all building records. And how much did it cost to build all building records for 2022. In the total overhead, so raw materials adds up matches the balance sheet, what we would expect to see based on balance sheet, which is starting balance, ending balance, debits and credits that ties out same thing with with production labor, but production overhead if we take starting balance, ending balance, debits and credits, and we compare it with what we expensed out. Or we compare it with what's on the building record. We're coming up 10k short on building records.

Unknown Speaker  34:48
I understand.

Matthias Miller  34:50
And oh, by the way, there's 10k of this, that even though we built you, even though we built whatever buildings we did, we're going to and even We paid for this. Well, nevermind. That's is what it is. That's the issue.

Unknown Speaker  35:09
Got it? Took me a long time to see into that

Matthias Miller  35:14
a long time to explain.

Speaker 1  35:18
So there's only two solutions. If we do this and one is we just have a report that shows a crude or I don't know what we would call it. multi period, multi period, the crude production overhead, maybe. And then reconciliation would include that the other solution would be at the end of it. Oh, man, here we go. Again, at the end of every year we

Speaker 1  36:10
didn't want to do that was gonna say at the end of every year, we Riri reconcile all of that. Like we have the year of Jubilee at the end of every year. We erase that bye. Applying it to every billing and inventory, which is kind of dumb. Right?

Matthias Miller  36:40
Well, there's another option, you could choose to backdate it and so it'd be a big deal with it. But then you rerun the reconciliation process, it become a variance for any sold buildings and adjust the cost for any cost and values of any existing FGI or any existing unsold buildings.

Speaker 1  37:05
Doing the little bucket stuff here wouldn't create give us any problem. It's only the big bucket that's giving us this problem. Unless really, yeah,

Matthias Miller  37:17
well, you're gonna have the, you're gonna have the December 31 potential problem regardless, because then you're just gonna look at big bucket numbers and be like, Why did the big bucket numbers that match up with big bucket numbers for things that were sold?

Speaker 1  37:36
I don't think so. Because the building records are not going to have any record, let's just assume for one minute that we were only going to do this on little buckets, and big buckets, we're just going to swallow it. At that point, we're not tracking little bucket numbers on building records. So all by doing that training Matthew, we're going to do is would do for the little buckets would do nothing other than change the percentages of each little bucket that we're going to use to come up with a big bucket number we need.

Matthias Miller  38:25
Which means that your expenses will your overhead will still be higher in November, then December. But the good news is it's I don't know what the good news is. Tools doesn't reflect the fact that you actually bought a lot of tools. Everything's bigger. Yeah, I miss the good news. How is that better than just making the tools be extraordinarily huge for November?

Speaker 1  39:01
I think it would be a little bit better. I don't know if it's enough better to justify it.

Matthias Miller  39:06
Okay. Still run to the slippers problem. Huh?

Matthias Miller  39:18
To be clear, I think I think having the report that says what are the adjustments are and possibly even even a report to say, what are the CAG as of this date? How do you calculate costs? Well, let's go find all the balances. And let's go find all the effective adjustments as of this date. And let's get the adjusted adjusted balances and then let's show you a percentage subtotal. And then I think at that point, we say, well, hey guys, here's what's happening. Go run this report as of December 31. Go look at the breakdowns and all these things should add up for you

Speaker 1  40:01
Well, it seems like option A and B, to the lesser of two evils, Option A being we fix our problem on big buckets and little buckets. But a reconciliation at the end of the year between the building records and the balance sheet is going to have to include the adjustment report.

Unknown Speaker  40:30
Or option two is we just don't do multi period cost allocations, and we just eat it as it comes. And if we find a Black Friday sale for a bunch of tools, pennies on the dollar, we have a choice to make of

Speaker 1  41:00
that's this good deal, save a bunch of money and, and mess up our financials or have nice tidy financials but make less money. And then we would just train every buyer to do that math in their head when they're at Black Friday sale? No, do you have any? Right?

Matthias Miller  41:32
That just to throw out my opinion, my opinion is an option a big bucket a little bucket plus the reconciliation report is the cleanest solution and most defensible solution. If you need to do multivariate cost allocations, if you don't need that, then the simple simplest cleanest solution is not doing anything at all. Mark, do you have an opinion? Or perspective be back direction? Well,

Unknown Speaker  42:01
several, I guess several questions I would have is one is there. At what point in time does a building an inventories? Cost of Goods value? Or what time does a does the cost of a building an inventory?

Speaker 2  42:28
Do we freeze the cost of a building at? At what point does building an inventory? Do we know that materials overhead and labor numbers are not fixed income can't change.

Matthias Miller  42:51
whatever point you put in the actual costs, and you stop messing with the numbers, typically end of the period

Speaker 1  43:05
there will be whenever every single item has had its reconciliation done.

Unknown Speaker  43:14
You mean every small pocket?

Speaker 1  43:17
Oh, not small buckets. Just just big bucket production overhead. Big Bucks, good materials, big bucket labor. Whenever we those three reconciliations on that building have been done. The theoretically nothing should change what would what would cause it to change.

Matthias Miller  43:48
The only thing that would cause it to change is if you have an accounting mistake and you have to go back and have to pick something up and adjust numbers or we give you some kind of allows for the sale to allocate some of those expenses back to September October.

Matthias Miller  44:09
But there would there would change those.

Speaker 2  44:15
So if I mean if say we reconcile all those numbers, I think it'd be fair to say that we reconcile at a minimum at the end of every quarter. So under that assumption, we would say that any buildings built in assuming we reconcile within 20 days after the end of close of a quarter at the end after the end of a quarter so 20 days after Ember 30th You would expect all buildings built in third quarter, all of those cause to be frozen.

Speaker 2  45:02
Right. But okay, and so, yeah, I guess the other other question I have is, are we sure that we want to?

Unknown Speaker  45:17
That we're not introducing this complexity by making so that we can read cause over the end of the year? It is, it seems to me like that makes it

Speaker 2  45:40
adds a lot of complexity and a lot of game, are you thinking there's like, what are some practical examples that you can think of where there would be a need to write it over end of the year, from one one year into another.

Speaker 1  46:02
I mean, I don't really see a lot of value in in any type of functionality like this, if we're not going to allow ourselves to go into multiple years, it would kind of be like depreciation that never go from one year to the next. I mean, if we buy something really, really big in December, we're just home. I don't really see why going from one year to the next is any different from going from one quarter to the next or one week to the next? Or one month to the next? Because in all of those scenarios, we're going to have the exact same issue, which is the reconcile we need a crude multi period cost report plus building records equals balance sheet. We're always going to have that issue. Don't understand why going from one year to the next is more concerning. As from a filing taxes standpoint, this is a non issue.

Unknown Speaker  47:51
So sorry, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  47:55
Go ahead, Chris. No, good.

Speaker 3  47:58
I was going to go down a bit of a different trail with this. So you should do your thought first?

Speaker 2  48:06
Well, I think it probably comes down to how often do we expect to reconcile? If we're one, I mean, if we expect to reconcile once at the end of the year, then I don't think that

Speaker 2  48:25
being able to write costs over is like over the end of the year is important. But if we're expecting to reconcile weekly or monthly, then I think it does become more important.

Speaker 2  48:47
And, and what I mean by that, see if I can explain this that it makes sense. So if if I'd say we assume that we reconcile only ones at the end of the year. And so first of the year, we say well, how much should we allocate to production overhead, and we say, well, based on last year's history, and what we're expecting to produce this year, based on a rough budget, we think that overhead costs are going to be 10%. And we we allocate 10% throughout the year, and we're watching and we know that we're running, we're allocating more than what we're actually incurring all the way up until the end of, say, the Black Friday sale. In our budget, we plan for that and that hits in suddenly

Unknown Speaker  49:48
that big chunk is now or incurred versus allocated is almost the same. We're looking over looking at it over a longer period of Have time basically on a one year

Speaker 2  50:03
budget. And we expect that by the end of the year we're going to be, you know, allocate, and what we incur is pretty much the same. If we go that, and then obviously, we're only reconciling once at the end of the year, if we go that path, and I don't think it's that important, if we reconcile much more often, then I can see the importance. The concern I have is if we reconcile much more frequently is that we'll have cars that are

Unknown Speaker  50:41
bike up and down a lot just because that that's more than each of what our costs incurred, are going to do over a short period. Not sure of if that made any any sense or if that departure have made it more confusing?

Unknown Speaker  51:19
We don't know No, I understand what we don't know is. We have no idea. Well, two things. One is if we only only. Okay, by reconciling about three things. When you say reconcile you, did you have reference? What exactly did you mean by reconcile? Like applying reconciling,

Speaker 2  52:00
I'm in, we look at what we allocated on all buildings built in that period. And what costs were incurred to build those buildings in that period. And then we apply that difference. You apply that difference. To buildings still an inventory, we add it to the buildings and to buildings already sold, we add it to cause we expense it immediately added to cost of goods sold.

Speaker 1  52:35
The downside of only reconciling once a year on labor on all of these is is we're going to have potentially very large reconciliation numbers on our income statement. We gain a lot of accuracy throughout the year by reconciling frequently. Every month, at least because then every month however far off we were with our percentages, the financials are back on because you follow

Unknown Speaker  53:38
in January let's say our projected production overhead number is 9.6%. Let's the production overhead probably quarterly so let's say at the end of the quarter.

Speaker 1  54:04
We say okay, here was our maybe monthly let's just pretend we're doing everything monthly. At the end of January we say okay, here's what we thought our production overhead was going to be. And here's actually what it is. The difference goes on the income statement in January. And then in February, and then in March, and then in April and then in May. That makes her financials month to month the month much more accurate than if we just do 9.6 across the entire year. And then in December put the big hunk on there

Speaker 1  54:51
we kind of lose the month the month. We don't see the the actual fluctuations anymore.

Speaker 2  55:01
I think it'd be interesting if we mock up some some models even off of this year to follow that, I think if you do that, then you're going to end up with save labor percentages of that you're allocating that you're when you reconcile, you're going to end up with labor percentages on. Buildings fill in January, maybe I'm just going to make up numbers, but something like 10%, February 8%, then 12% in March. Whereas if you do it over entire year, you're going to see something more like 11.1 or whatever. I guess, which is more important, which is most helpful.

Unknown Speaker  55:52
I think the order I guess consideration,

Speaker 2  56:02
that the reason I think we're going to be going up and down like that is so if we reconcile labor at the end of every month, someone's we're going to have, assuming we're paying, if we're paying bi weekly, we'll have repaid

Unknown Speaker  56:19
it is in other month, we'll have to then then we'll have tribute to that. Whereas if we look at it over a longer period, then

Speaker 2  56:37
you won't have as much of that fluctuation. But I don't know that that I mean, is this. But I think with what we're hoping to look at history for 2022. I think as we go through that we'll be able to answer a lot of these questions. I don't know that this is important to answer. Now, the other thing that I guess, or is this something that we need to answer quickly? Or soon or not?

Matthias Miller  57:20
Well, I think we can, I mean, we could start by saying we're not going to do multiperiod cost redistribution or cost adjustments? And is it going to be a little more painful to get our heads back into the same space and figure it out? When once we're ready for it? Yep. Is it going to be worth it versus adding complexity to a system that's already going to be have a lot of moving parts? Probably the

Speaker 2  57:52
other thing that I can't quite wrap my mind around and I I probably don't understand it fully but there seems it seems to me like there's a hole in in trying to find a way to play in our show what I mean is is the big bucket little bucket

Speaker 2  58:16
thing on on auction overhead, for example I can't, I'm having a hard time. I think there's a hole in in how we're thinking about that. As far as I can clarify it this way. So we get to the end let's we get to the end of a quarter we have all of our costs frozen. So we say that for for this specific building. You know that we have reconciled and frozen our overhead costs at $500 for that building, and now we sell it and we know to move 500 The balance sheet and expense $500 Production overhead on the income statement.

Unknown Speaker  59:26
How do we

Speaker 2  59:30
determine people it really really simple let's just say we have only two little pockets in production. Alright, we have tools and we have depreciation. How do we figure out how much of that 500 is tools and how much is depreciation on those are little buckets

Unknown Speaker  1:00:01
You want to explain that?

Matthias Miller  1:00:05
The current proposal on the table is, what's your current balance sheet? Numbers? If you have, let's say that you've got

Matthias Miller  1:00:17
let me come up with some numbers. So, tools, you've got 102 100. Okay, tools is 100. Depreciation is 200. Perfect. And so 500, you would do? Five 500 divided by three, which is

Speaker 1  1:00:36
I should, our numbers are, yeah, we need bigger numbers, we don't have enough is,

Matthias Miller  1:00:42
would be one would be 166 67, for tools, and then 500. And then, for depreciation, it would be twice that because it's in thirds. And we would do 333 33. So that means that Yeah, well, we've just gone negative because we've overspent our overheads.

Speaker 2  1:01:10
But it would always be a much higher number, like, say 3000, or tools in 2000 for depreciation, right? Sure.

Matthias Miller  1:01:26
I mean, all we have to do is if we just multiply return two tools for 1000, depreciation, 2000, still comes out to 166 67 and 333 33. So then remaining in tools would be 1000 minus 166 67, as the new balance, and then we'd use that new ratio for the next building that gets sold.

Speaker 2  1:01:52
Now in the event numbers, those numbers in the small buckets, the I forget what it was 1002 1000, or whatever?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:06
Is that

Speaker 2  1:02:08
the sum total? of what's in the little bucket for, say that period? Or is that everything on the balance sheet,

Matthias Miller  1:02:20
everything on the balance sheet?

Speaker 2  1:02:23
Okay, that that's where I think we're going to get ourselves into trouble because we're, we're freezing our big bucket number. But we're, we're not freezing the little bucket number. So I think those ratios are constantly going to because we're not freezing the little numbers I might be missing a piece here. But I don't think our numbers are going to tie out if we don't freeze little buckets in that period as well. Because

Speaker 1  1:03:05
the I think the piece you're missing is is if we have multi period allocation on the level bucket, then when the 3000 and the 1000 What was the Numbers 1002 1000 Numbers. Those are the total numbers on the balance sheet. But yes, we did if we did multiperiod allocation to little bucket numbers let's say we had that Black Friday sale and we 500 of that ghouls expense of the 1000 expense was we what we allocated to other periods so what Matthias is going to do then is only for the sake of coming up with percentages he's going to remove that 500 For now to come up with percentages

Unknown Speaker  1:04:15
he has got let me think this through now to come up with percentages well no the big bucket number is also we're never going to have a big let me think

Matthias Miller  1:04:41
I think I can articulate Mark's concern if you're open to take a deviation if you want to keep explaining gave him happy to let you know no no but here's here's the situation

Unknown Speaker  1:04:56
anyway, June

Matthias Miller  1:04:59
it was tool Time. And, and we went out to wazoo, and we stocked on tools to beat the band. And so we spent 10x, what we normally spend on tools, and we build a whole bunch of sets. And then we, and for some reason, we build a whole bunch of sheds that nobody wanted. So those are all sitting in inventory. It's a terrible situation, Christian doesn't like it. Then July, we start building sets, we stopped spending on tools, and we start building sets that people like, and so we sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, and the tool expense for those sheds, that didn't actually have a tool expense is going to be disproportionately high, because we've accumulated a huge balance in the tool asset account, and we're selling it down. So. So the, the little buckets don't actually correlate to when it was built, they correlate to, you know, order in which sheds were sold after incurring the cost. Mark, does that explain the hole that you're seeing? Or are you seeing something different?

Speaker 2  1:06:20
Well, okay, not quite. So okay, let's, let's say we have built two buildings in first half of the year, and we reconcile and we say, the overhead on on those buildings is $500. apiece, we've reconciled our overhead costs for that period, we say $500 apiece. So when those buildings sell will expend $500 Production overhead for each of those buildings. And at the point we reconcile, we have $150 bills and $200 Depreciation each one of those, but then after that period, we keep building sheds, building sheds, building sheds, we don't have any tools or depreciation costs for the rest of the year. We keep building sheds and so that 250 Suddenly when we go to now sell the shed we said make bucket 500. But there's now instead of 250 and 250, we only have $100 in those bucket and $100 Decrease in depreciation for those sheds and we don't have 500. Or it seems to me like the only way you can freeze the big bucket numbers is if you freeze the little bucket numbers because the only way you're going to reconcile big bucket numbers is once you have the actual little the actual costs of your actual total costs of all your little buckets within a big bucket for that period are what am I missing I think there's there's a piece that

Matthias Miller  1:08:33
you're never going to have less in those you should never have you know barring major mistakes you should never have less than this asset account than what you have dumped on the building record.

Speaker 2  1:09:02
But but you're looking at to date you're looking at the big bucket number you're freezing it based on when it was produced. But then the little bucket allocation is completely dependent on when it when the building is sold and the ratio of what you have in on the balance sheet and a little bucket to that point.

Matthias Miller  1:09:32
I think this is back I don't know what you weigh in here.

Speaker 1  1:09:40
Well okay on the balance sheet on the accounting balance sheet, where the accounting balance sheet and the costing balance sheet on the accounting balance sheet, nothing ever freezes. We pay for something, it goes on to the balance sheet and until we move it over big buckets and little buckets, right?

Speaker 2  1:10:12
Yeah, I mean, it would just Yeah. can continue to add or subtract based on Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:10:20
So, so the sum of the little buckets will always equal the sum of the big bucket on the on the the accounting balance sheet right?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:36
On the balance sheet, yes.

Speaker 1  1:10:40
Okay. On the the costing balance sheet, when we move expenses, like when we do multi period allocations, we always do that on the little buckets, right? And then the big bucket is always the sum of all the little buckets combined, right.

Speaker 2  1:11:24
I'm going to make a suggestion, why don't I feel like I'm kind of wasting everyone's time here. And I feel like it's about 50%, clear, in my mind, why don't I, what I'd like to do is, Brian, put these numbers together. Red sheet, wrap my mind around it. And if it still seems like they don't, it won't work, then I'll at least have something decent to work off of. And if it does work I can then then we're all good.

Speaker 1  1:12:03
The only thing that I think you want to be aware of when creating that is if you have a different number for the big bucket than you do the the big bucket number is not the sum of the little bucket numbers on either the two balance sheets, and then we have a problem. The big bucket is always in some of the little buckets.

Speaker 2  1:12:29
Correct. Which that yeah, that's, that's my concern, or my the hole that I see in it with that, not fully, being able to wrap my mind around is that you have that we're the sum of the little book, which is not the sum of the doesn't equal add up to the big pockets. Well, the big bucket is always the sum of the little bucket.

Speaker 1  1:13:03
big buckets should never the only way we can come up with a big bucket number is by adding up the little buckets.

Matthias Miller  1:13:14
Well, you do have to account for differences though, when you're breaking out an accrual account, let's say that you add or remove an accrual account. So I don't know if this is going to just add confusion to the story. But let's say that you had two buckets tools and depreciation then you added when for office supplies. Well, you still your overhead that you froze on the building is still that $500 But when you expense it out, you're now going to be expensive out across races using all three accounts versus just one which means that your your tools and depreciation are going to go down more slowly than what you had planned but they're still going to keep diminishing so unless you freeze unless you freeze a little bucket like a little bucket numbers you can never have literally little little bucket numbers being the sum of well you're using those those breakdowns from at different points in time.

Speaker 1  1:14:28
You're saying is if we if we add an expense account Yeah, I understand. It would be that remove which

Speaker 2  1:14:46
you bring, yeah, that you brought out a good example Matthias five in our example, we froze that using 250 and 250 on tools and depreciation, little buckets and then Then later, we add another added expense account, whatever that is. And that's also 250. So now when we go to Ben's out that when that building sells, we now split the 503 ways, instead of two ways to pull from all three little buckets.

Speaker 1  1:15:31
We've made a great big circle, and we're back to trade off between is it worth storing all the little bucket numbers on all the building records? And reconcile all the little bucket number individually? Does that give us enough? Or accuracy that we believe it's worth? The I guess building the system that way, but more importantly, maintaining that

Speaker 1  1:16:26
I mean, I agree, if we want to. But the little bucker numbers on all the billing records, reconcile them all individually, that gives us more accurate numbers on the little buckets? Absolutely. Is it worth it?

Speaker 2  1:16:45
Just from a practical, or from a, I guess, a practical standpoint gave us. So if we take this example one step further, say we have the tools and depreciation and one day, we just because it makes a lot of sense, we start bringing an outside company in to paint all our sheds. So we say Oh, well, we need to start a new that wouldn't be overhead. But let's for the sake of this example. So we need to start a new overhead expense, which is on track labor, or what? Whatever that might be third party painting. And so now we start adding that little bucket to the balance sheet. Do we want that shit that was built two years ago, when we painted it in house? When we finally sell that, do we want that to show

Unknown Speaker  1:17:43
that to include in its own cost of goods do we want that to include

Speaker 2  1:17:53
costs for third party paint painting, even though that didn't apply to that building from from that time?

Speaker 1  1:18:04
Well, we're back to the same trade off that we were at a couple of days ago. I mean, ideally, know, the price we would pay for, for that, on the other hand, would be whenever we want to change GL accounts. With a simple method like exactly what you did, we want to add a custom painting or we want to take one away, we would be stuck with the downside of it would be we would then be stuck with all buildings in inventory are going to continue showing whatever GL account we had at that point in time. So we will need to either go through all the building vectors and change every one of them or you probably remember that discussion we had I think it was three calls ago. That was one of the reasons at that point. We had thought we want this more simple method because we thought that having the flexibility of being able to change the economy we need to and just the more simplicity of reconciling big buckets instead of little buckets weighed against the degree of lesser accuracy we get with this outweighs trying to do every all buggers on all the billing records I mean, I probably still think the pros Have not doing little buckets on the building record level outweighs

Unknown Speaker  1:20:06
having the little buckets on the building record level but it's I don't have a really strong opinion on it probably 55% in favor of doing the simple math that in 45 maybe 6040 I don't know from a programming standpoint Matthias is one of these methods way

Speaker 1  1:21:04
I think it's more an ongoing maintaining the system issue than it is a programming thing right. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:21:17
However, I think some of that could be mitigated with you know, basically just putting together reports that you can run that show the 16 different numbers that you need to put in at the end of the period to reconcile that's that's what it comes to

Unknown Speaker  1:21:40
well but this comes down to

Speaker 2  1:21:45
the thing that I still if we if we don't reconcile each of the little buckets and maybe this is all maybe you can maybe this is all clear in your mind Matthias Did you can help a spreadsheet and show show me how that would work but I still can't quite wrap my my my mind around the method of where we Well, we I guess I said earlier but basically how that's all going to tie out in the end if we go that route that's what I like to to take some time try to wrap my mind around that see of that if it's all wait no what I'm concerned about

Speaker 2  1:22:46
and I think at that point, it's it's pretty clear to be much more well in my mind but I guess if if everyone else is clearer than I don't want to be don't want to be holding up the process just because I'm struggling to wrap my mind around it

Unknown Speaker  1:23:15
I'm

Matthias Miller  1:23:17
here is much too. For this process as best I can. I think it ultimately comes down to you and games decision as far as comfort moving forward. I think the biggest the biggest reason not to do little buckets of blue buckets was actually my proposal originally and the reason we were moving away from that was because of I think we've been talking about reconciling some of these things more frequently than once a month and concern about about what that would take. But it's that Yeah, to my point there may be some reports that we can build out to make the entry process easier. So I think it's it is up to you guys.

Speaker 1  1:24:14
Well, Mark, you can do your little spreadsheet or whatever. Or I'm not quite sure what you're going to put together the only thing that I think is going to be really important when you put that together I mean you're thinking this is going to be an hour putting it together a week or a day.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:35
I would hope to have something by tomorrow or Friday

Speaker 1  1:24:45
Well, let's do that. They only once again if you come up ever in your in your entire spreadsheet if you ever come up with a big bucket number in some method, other than adding up the little bucket numbers. Call Let me before spending time on continuing with the example. Got it?

Unknown Speaker  1:25:14
Okay. Anything anything else?

Speaker 1  1:25:34
They cost multiperiod cost allocation thing that we talked about for 90 minutes here based on what you have in your head? Is there whatever is in your head does it work? Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:03
that's a loaded question.

Matthias Miller  1:26:06
It's a really loaded question, because even with what I have in my head, there are two directions we can go. I mean, I think, I think, well, now with the latest iteration, where the only thing you're doing is you're adjusting balances and saying $500 of this should should not post to this balance until this date, or this period, whatever it is. You know, as long as we take that approach, I'm perfectly it. It's perfectly clear in my head. And I think I mean, I think that is the right approach to take. Now, we still haven't solved the big bucket, little little bucket question. But besides that, yes, it's clear.

Speaker 3  1:26:42
On the, on the on this issue, where we're buying this large amount of tools, we don't want to allocate it all in the same month, can we just use the invoice or the purchase order for that and just put a few line items with future like, can we feature date and invoice? In which case it generally wouldn't show up on your financials until that month? So then we can still pay all the invoices with one cheque? But, you know, could we just break an invoice up into three small invoice lines on the same PIO and add dates to them?

Matthias Miller  1:27:23
And presumably, they'll show up in payables until until that month.

Speaker 3  1:27:28
Well, they would still show up in payables. I mean, I think anything open once you have received it will show up in Oh, payables, payables.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:40
Well,

Speaker 3  1:27:42
yeah, you mean accounts payable? Right? Yeah, I'd imagine they would show up right away. But they don't? Would they not hit our financials until the date we put on them? Almost like when you

Matthias Miller  1:27:56
write? Do you want to wait to post date? Yeah. A line item in a Pio?

Speaker 3  1:28:06
Then would we not have to do all this? Hold on to the $500 Until next month, because we can't spend it yet. And we'll just hold on to it and

Matthias Miller  1:28:18
have a corresponding transaction that you just journal entries that you manually enter instead of posting.

Speaker 3  1:28:27
journal entries? Well, journal entries are tough though, because it has to all be in the same month. cycle can say we spent $10,000 this month and spread that over April, May, June July. The journal entries get upset when you try to do that.

Matthias Miller  1:28:48
You could have a deferred inventory or deferred deferment asset. Basically, you put it into an asset other than just finished goods and then put it back in in the month that you want to do that. So you'd have one entry to take it back out one entry to put it back in.

Speaker 3  1:29:04
Sure. Or can we set up some little account almost like depreciation buckets for something really short term? Where to or three times out of the year we're gonna say, Ooh, we bought $15,000 worth of ice cream machines, but we're not using them all right now. We're gonna use them throughout the year. And we can just toss them all in there and then have them come back out as needed.

Matthias Miller  1:29:28
I like it I got to drop. Dave or Mark, can you guys give feedback, perhaps by email after the call to let us know what you think of that idea?

Unknown Speaker  1:29:51
I didn't know you had the drop.

Matthias Miller  1:29:56
On to let you go. Hang on to talk about.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:03
You don't need this line.

Matthias Miller  1:30:06
No, Nick, I'm making you the host.

Speaker 1  1:30:10
Mark or Kristen, you need to drop. Are you good for a few minutes?

Unknown Speaker  1:30:14
I'm good for a few minutes.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:15
I'm good. Good here.

Speaker 3  1:30:22
Me to just re explain. Oh, yeah. So two thoughts, one, what if Matthias can make a way that on an invoice? We can, you know, I assume this is only going to happen a few times a year, right? This really big purchase that we don't want to all hit the buildings that same month? Or is it going to be frequent?

Unknown Speaker  1:30:54
Probably the few times a year.

Speaker 3  1:30:57
What if one, there was a way where our invoice we can almost post date some line items. So say, you know, our $10,000 worth of tools? Can we make three lines and say, Oh, Matthias came back he missed us. Can we break an invoice into three lines and say okay, we bought this in June. So $3,500 is going to be June 3500 is going to be July 3500 is going to be August. And then they hit the financials in those months? Or can we set up an account almost like how depreciation works? Can we set up an account that works like depreciation where if we do get these one off, large expenses, you could say Eu put that one in the short term depreciation account and we toss it in there and decide monthly how much needs to come back onto the financials in the way of through buildings or into our overhead account.

Speaker 1  1:32:06
Okay, the first example you gave, I don't think would work because we need to move production overhead from the balance sheet to the income statement based upon when its sale happens. And in allocated to sale. We can't just say in September we're going to expense that

Speaker 3  1:32:38
not expense it but add it to the bucket of overheads that will be expensed in September

Speaker 1  1:32:46
What if we don't what what are you going to do if we don't sell any buildings in September?

Speaker 3  1:32:54
Oh, I don't know. Actually. What do we do with everything else that goes into the overhead if we don't sell buildings in September

Unknown Speaker  1:33:02
you don't expense any of it

Unknown Speaker  1:33:05
right. So would this be different than that?

Speaker 1  1:33:10
Well, what what's where is that if you're going to apply that September and we don't sell any buildings where are they going next?

Speaker 2  1:33:22
But gave wouldn't it? Wouldn't it be if you don't if we don't build any buildings? Give me one second

Matthias Miller  1:33:34
just to clarify Christine, you're proposing this goes into an asset account

Speaker 3  1:33:38
I was just reading through it too. I think the second one works better the Can we have an account that kind of works like depreciation but we're first going over that what if we could just put future dates on a line item which seems like it's not going to work as well?

Unknown Speaker  1:34:17
Sorry, I was on the other line for a minute and a half

Speaker 2  1:34:25
it gave you said just to clarify you said you were you were asking. Being example if there's no sales in that month of September. Did you mean to say if there's no production no sheds built that month allocate that. What Chris?

Speaker 1  1:34:51
Meaning? Well, it would actually be both you It would be it would be both both production and sales yeah because our production is going to determine how much production overhead we put onto a building and that our sales is going to determine how much we move to expenses right

Unknown Speaker  1:35:32
right yes

Unknown Speaker  1:35:36
so we would actually need to think about both

Unknown Speaker  1:35:52
well if I'm understanding correctly, if we have sales but no production those those three would only be using expenses from previous periods so on those buildings is wouldn't have any buildings being produced whereas or where or to allocate the

Speaker 2  1:36:33
production overhead amount? Are Am I right? If so, the 3500 that we deferred that Kristin was moved to say September and we have no production you're asking Where do we what happens with that? 3500 Do we then that forward into the next month for the next month and add it to the next month production?

Unknown Speaker  1:37:37
Well, okay, I think that deferring the 3500 I think you're trying to say the exact same thing that we've been talking about here see, kind of scribble a little example here. Keep talking while I scribble here, nobody has anything to say,

Matthias Miller  1:38:44
Well, I have something to say. If if we have an asset account that is for all these random deferred expenses, and the counting team, because clearly it's better for you know, it's always easier to tell somebody else to do something than to do it take care of yourself. All they need to do is shuffle shuffled dollar amounts back and forth, within and without that, you know, in and out of that account. And so if our Thanksgiving sale, we keep 5k We break 5k into the FTI overhead we put 15k into this, this deferred FTI asset account, whatever it is, and then they create three journal entries Jane, December one, you move 5k from there into overhead and then January one move 5k into overhead and then February one you move 5k back in and you can see at any point how much deferred expenses you have just by looking at the balanced balance sheet because you know exactly where that number is that I love. Have this because first of all, well, first of all, it simplifies software substantially. Second of all, my December 31, slipper problem went away, because you can look at the balance sheet and say, Oh, that's right, we deferred a whole bunch of stuff. No wonder

Speaker 1  1:40:19
you're deferring it on the okay. You don't have a an accounting balance sheet and a costing balance sheet. No. So you double the entries on our balance sheet, right?

Matthias Miller  1:40:37
Well, instead of, I'm not sure if I I don't know what you mean by that.

Speaker 1  1:40:48
But okay, so on the ballot. Okay. So on the balance sheet, you're saying we no longer have production, just production overhead asset, we have production overhead asset with eight little buckets underneath it. And then we also have deferred production assets with another eight little buckets underneath it.

Matthias Miller  1:41:18
No, you can do it all under one, you're telling me that you're not going to do a lot of this. So as long as you're not doing a lot of this, you can just have one big bucket for all of your, whether it's overhead labor, doesn't really matter what it is. Everything just gets put in that big bucket and the accounting team when when they divvy it out. They know how to divvy it out into the appropriate little bucket. And because you're not doing dozens of these, I mean, you're you're apparently only doing you know, maybe half a dozen of these a year. Should be pretty straightforward to keep track of what's going on even in one but one bucket

Speaker 1  1:42:01
hmm. Okay. Run that by me one more time.

Matthias Miller  1:42:06
Okay, you have big buckets, you have FDI material, you have FDI labor, you have FDI overhead, and then you have have deferred FDI that we're going to get to later. And within the first three big buckets, you get all your little buckets, then you go Black Friday shopping, you spend 20k 5k goes into the FTI overhead, the little bucket tools within FTI overhead and 15k goes into goes into the deferred FTI spending an asset account. And then and then you create three journal entries. December 30, you create one for December 1 that transfers 5k from the deferred FDI account into the tools little bucket, you create an identical one for January 1, you create an identical one for for February 1. And so all you're doing is you're squirreling away these assets outside of FTI so that you can appropriately allocate them and at any given point well now I'm going into the selling mode of beyond how this actually works, but tactically that's that works

Speaker 1  1:43:27
okay, so So the accounting balance sheet continues to do what we've always said if we pay for something and it goes on there until we move it to the income statement done right. But on the costing balance sheet in stead of doing what we said earlier, you are

Matthias Miller  1:44:01
there is no costing balance sheet. We're only looking at those same three big buckets and the way that you defer expenses is you squirrel them away into a different bucket until it's time to put it back into the FDI bucket.

Matthias Miller  1:44:33
Hey, so your 20k that you spent in November it's on the tools little bucket, five K's in the Tools little bucket 15k is in this deferral asset account your December balance sheet. Now, assuming you haven't used any of it 10k is in the Tools bucket and 10k is in the deferral account January 15 K isn't it tool's little bucket and 5k is in the deferment, deferral deferral bucket and that big bucket account, whatever. And then February, your deferral account goes to zero because now you move the full 20k over into the tools, little bucket.

Speaker 1  1:45:20
Okay, so I think what you're saying is, if I pay if I pay $20,000 for tools, and I come home with the invoice and then we're gonna say me, and that's we too much to just put all that into November. You're not? Okay, I paid $20,000 I had to pay $20,000. I can't tell the vendor that Oh, because of, you know how that messes up my financials? I'm going to pay you a little now a little bit. He wants to pay right now. 20,000. So what happens to the balance sheet? The $20,000 we're going to credit cash for $20,000. Right? Right. And then what

Speaker 3  1:46:20
we're gonna debit some types of asset account that is deferred expenses. In 20, or $20,000.

Speaker 1  1:46:37
So it is going to be separate. So we're gonna have production overhead asset with a bunch of little bucket underneath of it. Right. And then we're gonna put 5000 into the tools, little bucket.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:02
Yeah. And the other,

Speaker 1  1:47:04
we're also going to have another big bucket called deferred production overhead with a bunch of little buckets.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:11
No, I don't think we need little buckets in that. Do we? Why would we?

Unknown Speaker  1:47:21
How will we know? When we move it back over where to put it? You got a

Speaker 3  1:47:34
bookkeeper with the head on her shoulders? Yeah, hopefully someone's paying attention. There just needs to be a note on it that says this is tools.

Speaker 1  1:47:45
But you're saying on the accounting balance sheet, we would actually need to have separate deferred asset accounts.

Speaker 3  1:48:00
I don't know where we ended up with two different balance sheets. So that's kind of confusing me a tiny bit. But I think on the balance sheet, yes, we would need one extra account, that's going to be called deferred something. Deferred production overhead asset and then it'll just be a manual move. And if it's just one bucket, you can do a you can do a journal entry, like I can journal $10,000 from I don't know, cash and hit for small accounts all in one journal entry. So it wouldn't have we wouldn't have to have small buckets within the that deferred asset bucket. Even if you wanted me to go okay, well, I actually we paid $20,000 But each month I want to put 2500 and tools and 2500. And I don't know, breakroom supplies, or whatever, I could still move the $5,000 out and split it into two different GL accounts with one journal entry

Matthias Miller  1:49:35
gave it's really no different than in the same way that you have a checking account that you can transfer, you know, debits and credits. Well, you know, you can create the checking account and debit half a dozen expense accounts. It really is. No different from that none of this is automated. It's all it's all part of the manual accounting process. So

Unknown Speaker  1:50:23
I was gonna say, I know you're still stuck ask a question

Speaker 1  1:50:33
well, if somebody feels comfortable, bookkeeper feels comfortable keeping up with all this, I mean, it would work, I might, I don't particularly like cluttering up the balance sheet with extra accounts that we're going to have to try to explain to everybody and then we're going to make it look like these are, they're going to look a little strange. I mean, if we go this route, I might suggest that we have the balance sheet functioning, just like a normal balance sheet, we pay for something that goes on there. But we do have another spreadsheet. I mean, I imagine this balance sheets are gonna gather numbers from some spreadsheet, anyways. But we have a separate spreadsheet somewhere where we keep up with it instead of trying to use the balance sheet itself.

Matthias Miller  1:51:46
So now you're saying you you, when you reconcile, you run numbers off the balance sheet, you pull up your spreadsheet, figure out what kind of adjustments need to be applied, and go stick that in for the reconciliation. And now, if, on December 31, you gotta go hunt down, whoever has that spreadsheet to figure out what was what was going on?

Speaker 3  1:52:07
Yeah, I mean, if you think of our landed freight account, right, that's, in essence, it's, it's going to be kind of like that, and that, at some point, it should always get back down to zero. So whenever I go through once a week and look through the different places that I know, I can possibly find an error, I go to the landed free account and go, is there any dollars in here? Oh, there is okay, that means I need to do something that's my trigger, that task needs to happen. So I'd imagine this account would be much like that. And that is beyond just the monthly checklist to go, hey, check that deferral asset account and see if there's any dollars in there. Oh, there still is. Okay. It looks like our initial $20,000 investment is down to 5000. So we have one more journal entry to make.

Matthias Miller  1:53:03
And to further clarify, you could future date the journal entry? So you're entering them all at the same time, but

Speaker 3  1:53:08
fancy I like that a lot actually. Oh, then bingo. Right. That's it, then if you can see your data journal entry?

Matthias Miller  1:53:21
Yeah, I mean, it doesn't address that main concern of a clean balance sheet. Go

Speaker 2  1:53:26
ahead, Mark. What would that mean? If you if you future date journal entries, would that make so they come out of that account automatically. But at that point?

Speaker 2  1:53:44
We're calling that a deferred asset account. But I mean, would it be fair to call that prepaid expenses? Sure, we would be treating that just like we buy a bunch of tools and we we set half of them warehouse that we won't use until a month later. Yeah, it would function the same the same way. And then am I thinking correctly that if we if we reconcile between what we have on our what we've allocated on our billing records and what we've actually incurred? We would look at all everything on the balance sheet, the production overhead, the labor and the materials would not look at the I'm going to call it the prepaid expenses account.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:41
Because then we would compare the three inventory is your inventory numbers, the serials labor and overhead and compare that with what we're showing on building Records. and reconcile off of that.

Speaker 2  1:55:12
Or when we reconcile we would ignore the prepaid expenses, because those are going to be we'll be using those in the future, but not now yet. 30 expect deferred assets, whatever we call them. Is that how you're thinking of how this would work? Matthias and, Kristen?

Speaker 3  1:55:53
I'm not totally sure. On the reconciliation side of it. I think I'd have to sit and think through it a little bit longer.

Speaker 3  1:56:07
Because those dollars, wouldn't if it if if we're projecting out $5,000 Each month, 5000 this month, and then five for the next three months? I don't imagine we would want to look at that account that still holds that 15,000 Because it's not going to be applied to anything. Right? It won't it won't be applied to any buildings yet.

Speaker 2  1:56:29
Right. Which Yeah, which is why we wouldn't look at those when we're when we're looking at what did we think, cost in our buildings versus what did we actually did actually cost

Speaker 3  1:56:45
Matthias and drop off again, but he did note that you are correct. That we wouldn't look at that when

Speaker 2  1:56:56
I really liked that. With least my understanding of that I really liked that approach, just because it seems more it seems a lot cleaner and more defendable on by a year's worth of tools in January, and we said, well, it's going to be for the last the whole year, so we'll just do

Matthias Miller  1:57:36
the journal entries

Speaker 2  1:57:39
once every month. Really a lot like a mini depreciation schedule.

Speaker 3  1:57:47
Yeah, exactly. That's, that's kind of what I was thinking earlier was, I was initially going to say, Well, can we just set these as something that's depreciating just for a short period of time? And I think it would be neater, to set up an account just for this reason, because really, I don't think it'd be very accurate to say, well, we bought $20,000 worth of small tools and we're depreciating them. But yeah, same concept.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:20
So what would keep us from? I was

Speaker 2  1:58:29
just going to I mean, just like you, you said earlier, the goal would be to eventually take all of that to zero. Once it's been used up or like you said on your landed freight, move that to Euro ones. Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:58:49
Yeah. And like I said, you can future date, a journal entry. So really, I can come in today and say, okay, Mark said they bought $20,000 of tools, and he wants to spread out for months. So I can do 20,000 into the account today and then 5000 back out in this month. 5000 out in December 5000. In January, I can just set it all up on that initial entry.

Unknown Speaker  1:59:17
Then basically forget about it, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:59:19
Yeah, pretty much

Speaker 1  1:59:26
okay, so we just bought $10,000 worth of tools. Hang on one second. Sorry about that. I might get interrupted again. Okay, so it's December 31. Yeah. And I have just bought $100,000 worth of hammers because they were a penny apiece. Okay. Okay. So I'm sorry, excuse me one second again.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:50
Where numbers keep getting bigger and bigger. We bought a million dollars worth of wrenches

Speaker 1  2:01:01
Sorry, I'm back. Okay, I bought a I bought I bought 1000 hammers for a penny apiece. So that is $100. Right? Okay. Oh, wait a minute. No, no, no, no, that's $10. Okay. And for some odd reason, we believe that no, I bought 1000 Ham furs for $10 apiece. So that's $10,000. Yeah, that's been. I'm ready to pay these hammers. Yeah. So the first thing I do is I say, Okay, this is production overhead, because it's small tools. And it's, it's, it's small tools is what it is. The GL account is 1111111 is small tools. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So $10,000, I'm going to credit checking for $10,000. Right. And then, am I going to debit small tools for $10,000.

Speaker 3  2:02:16
Now, if you ahead of time said, Hey, Kristen, I don't want this to all go into the account right now. If you said I want to defer this out. That's what I'm assuming. Right? You're deciding you don't want how long?

Unknown Speaker  2:02:32
Three years? I mean, that's three years rather hammers.

Speaker 3  2:02:34
Okay. So you're going to debit your deferred production overhead asset account by $10,000. Okay,

Speaker 1  2:02:53
so nothing is going into production is going into small tools.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:02
No, because I think it's

Unknown Speaker  2:03:04
another. Yeah. We have another account. That's called deferred production overhead assets. Yeah. And we put $10,000 into there sorry, give me one second again. Okay, so what's the next step?

Speaker 3  2:03:54
Well, on your maybe we have some trendy sheets that goes along when you send these in because it doesn't happen very often. And we want it to kind of stick out like a sore thumb. And it's the deferred asset categorizer. And you check off on there, I want this to be deferred out for three years. So I take my $10,000 I divide it by 36. And I set up journal entries starting this month because we want the first journal entry to happen. Since you just bought these tools. I assume. I set up 36 journal entries to happen each month for the next three years so that that $10,000 will start coming back into your small tools account monthly.

Speaker 1  2:04:46
Okay, so the sum total of deferred assets could go to any of the small buckets Yeah. And to me We're gonna keep track of that. How much like some of this is gonna go to tools, some of this is gonna go to depreciation. Some of this is going to go to maintenance some it's going to go to something else, right?

Speaker 3  2:05:13
Yeah. So maybe that expense categories are will have on it. How many months? Do you want this deferred over? And what account? Do you want it deferred to? I don't know if that's the right word yet, but I think you know what I mean. So you're gonna check off Oh, this is small tools, or oh, it's, I don't know, hopefully, there's never a case, maybe there will be where it's 50%. One and 20% something else and 30% something. But maybe we set up the initial sheet that you sent in to have options that you could just check off as to what it's going to hit when it comes back into the production overhead account.

Speaker 1  2:06:06
So how is this different from a depreciation schedule?

Speaker 3  2:06:10
It's not, but I don't know if it's if it's accounting purposes, right, to put something to set something to depreciate? That's 1000 hammers.

Speaker 3  2:06:28
I mean, we could just do that, but I feel like it's not. I don't know. I don't know. We could just go that route. I think it's more straightforward. This way, because I think depreciation is set specifically for things that aren't smart tools and stuff like that, right? Isn't it supposed to be larger purchase items, buildings machinery?

Speaker 1  2:07:07
It is now, but I think what we're trying to do here is exactly the same thing as depreciation. Only. The biggest thing I don't like about this is just the what it does to the balance sheet. I mean, I wonder if we could create okay, if this is going to be the balance sheet. I wonder if we could create like a reading version of the balance sheet. That would be the exact same thing only we combine those accounts I don't really want to have deferred asset accounts and have to explain that everybody I mean, that is production overhead asset is what all of that is it's not really that's what it is.

Speaker 3  2:08:23
Well, we can use our fancy numbering system to get them to combine or we can just say let's just set these to depreciate on like actual depreciation I don't know I don't really like the depreciation method though. Cuz I don't think it's right. I don't think it's correct.

Speaker 1  2:08:56
How is like forward data journal entries? That is depreciation? Is it not? I mean, we wouldn't sit down with the IRS and tell them we're depreciating but it's really what we're doing.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:08
And it's right I guess I just think it's incorrect to call it depreciation. Maybe I'm overthinking it. See building equipment, vehicles, machinery and furniture. Most types of tangible products can be depreciated.

Speaker 1  2:09:59
Okay, To be clear, when I say how is it different from depreciation? I'm not referring to trying to call the depreciation of the balance sheet, I'm just referring to using the functionality of a depreciation schedule.

Speaker 3  2:10:17
Right? No, it's It's the same idea. It's the same, we're deciding a term, a length of time and the dollar amount split over that length of time to come back to an actual expense.

Speaker 1  2:11:06
So with this, we would still be using the big buckets and the little buckets. Everything exactly like we were talking about. Yeah. Hey, and as far as using the numbering system to combine, how would we like we would want, I really want to be able to look at the balance sheet in production overhead asset be able to see what the production overhead asset is, regardless of multi period allocations. And what tools is disregarding multi period allocations, what repairs is disregarding multi period allocation? How would that work with the numbering system?

Speaker 3  2:12:16
Disregarding multi period allocations. So I don't understand the question, you want to be able to look at the balance sheet and see what the total of tools is, right now, not including anything that's going to be attitude in the future?

Speaker 1  2:12:38
No, we want to be able to just see what is our production overhead asset. And this 30 is like $214,329.27. And then we also want to be able to see, what is the small tooling? portion of that? Right for the racket, like what I'm understanding is the way we had the balance sheet set up right now is unlocked, looking at a balance sheet, and here's what I'm seeing. I'm seeing production overhead. And then I'm seeing six breakdown accounts underneath that, which is repairs, depreciation tools, and three other things. Okay. And there's numbers in all of those. And the some of the breakdown accounts beneath it equal to the penny, the big account above it, which is production, overhead. asset, right? Yeah. Okay, but over here, we have another account, and it's called deferred production overhead. And there's one lump number in there. 23,629. So, and I don't know, how much of that is tooth. How much of that is depreciation? How much of that is repairs? How much of that you follow? Yeah, it's just a lump. Right. So it seems like we should be able to get this exactly what we're talking about done without having to do a record keeping on the balance sheet. The balance sheet seems like a poor place to do the record keeping. Or

Speaker 3  2:14:58
well, I mean, it would have to go on the ballot. sheet when you pay it, it's going to have to be an equal transaction, a balanced transaction when you pay that 20,000 or 10,000 or whatever fictitious number we're on right now. So it has to go onto the balance sheet.

Unknown Speaker  2:15:17
Right I want the whole amount on the balance sheet example Mark must have dropped off too. So it's just you Nick and myself right now.

Speaker 3  2:15:52
I don't know if you just want to give me a call. I feel bad. Just hold Nick up for us to talk about this.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:00
Oh, yeah, I can do that. Are you still on your neck?

Speaker 4  2:16:03
Yes, I'm on here. And oh, I don't have any pressing desire to remain on here for much longer.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:13
Oh, man. Yeah, I apologize.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:17
Well, have a good day. Thank you. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai